  - the down vote was for the `` valid argument '' there is no validity in 200 years of generalized eternal debt - also for the partial information cuza ( if i remember my history classes ) took the land from the church ( that refused compensation ) and gave it for the common peasants to give them a source of income , so he was less of a secular bully and more a progressive reformer, 
  if i would tell you that because of a contract from the nineteenth century you have to support my every whim you would say : get the fuck out ! , but because of the religious involvement , rational thought is tossed aside, 
  no it would n't , istanbul yes the rest is as secular as the vatican , and to be pragmatic , we 're christian , our christian immigrants are better than muslim immigrants , i know it 's racist but ask germans swedish or british redditors , it 's a cultural thing the only romanians the western media has a problem with , are gypsies . 
  this wo n't happen in the foreseeable future , considering that half of romanians live in the countryside , most go to church on a regular basis , i think half believe in witchcraft and most consider this more acceptable than being nonreligious or atheistic . 
  also the priest are considered moral and intellectual guides for their community by a lot of their congregations and this trust is constantly being used by political parties so there is no interest to change this in the political arena . 
  cultural standards and serious discourse about them are rare , the media and the pop-culture opinion makers are either religious and strut their beliefs ( even in the supernatural ) or do not discuss the subject , as i said lack of belief is not viewed in a positive light . 
  tl : dr : for change you need either enlighten leaders or a rational majority , we have neither . 
  my inspiration came from the last part of papandreou 's speech http://youtu.be/y9alb39wrko?t=14m5s we are not debating the crisis or greek policies , what i took from this video is : - the idea of a agora , - direct vote for european representatives - citizen juries chosen by a lottery - continental referendums for major policy changes - european citizenship so why not expand upon the idea of a participatory democracy ? 
  we are an educated , civilized and tolerant continent , why not take the leap and expand upon the democratic model ? 
  http://www.smithsonianmag.com/science-nature/deadly-dilemma-facing-romanias-brown-bears-180953502/ https://www.romania-insider.com/american-tourist-bitten-bear-central-romania/ https://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/forums/europe-eastern-europe-the-caucasus/romania/bear-attacks-in-romania oh , and `` fratele meu '' our log-men shoot wolfs like crazy , no executive order or anything . 
  i agree rural living is way more safer than urban risk , but do n't jerk of that eco pride in front of me , we both know better at what rural life looks like and it 's far from the agro-turistic fantasies of a yuppie . 
  i do n't know ... if it 's free and no livestock are affected ( in nothern italy and the balkans that would be a issue ... we are talking about very small areas between farms compared to the area of distribution of a dozen wolf packs ) i have no issues with it . 
  actually you do n't if you 're comparing western canada to europe . 
  i have no issues with conservation efforts in siberia or the eastern european plateau . 
  but doing this in italy or france ... that 's just stupid . 
   and wolves are still awesome . 
  go meet one in person , shit yourself when you realize they are not alone and you are surrounded ... then tell me that . 
  they eat livestock and children . 
  go to russia if you have a fetish for wildlife . 
  i just think that growing the number of predators on a tightly packed continent that also has a significant rural population is stupid . 
  http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/wolf-population-explosion-europe-predators-9513733 it 's a urban yuppy fetish . 
  live in the countryside and then tell me you want more thigns that can kill your kids on their way to school . 
  another example of nihilistic middle class people making judgment calls based on feelz about things that do not effect them directly . 
  let the rural communities decide if they want to conserve the environment they live in, 
  new world guy , stay out of this ... you do n't live in nature , you live in a sanitized sterile enviroment that is better gated than your borders . 
  in europe everything is compact and cities are right at the edge of wild habitats . 
  in theory i would agree with your style of `` nature '' just seems like a waste of space . 
  is it free or at least based on donations ? 
  will there be another layer of bureaucrats that do nothing 10 % of the time and the actual work will be done by naive idealistic volunteers ? 
  personally i think this fetishizing of nature is virtue signaling . 
  wolfs are bad ok . get out of your comfy lofts and go into the wilderness and in rural area ... they are n't something you photograph from a distance while sipping chianti . 
  it depends , are they assholes , yeah . 
  are they corrupt abusers of power , definetly . 
  are they a militaristic armed force who 's only purpose is to keep the people silent , hell no , we do n't have enough money for that . 
  [ oin\u0103 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oin%c4%83 ), 
  it 's bitched upon by women and it get a aproving nod from men . 
  about 6 years . 
  i do n't think so , you are just progressive . 
  also it 's so rare that it 's more of a novelty . 
  not enough ... hopeful anti-statist laughter, 
  shortcomings the lack of individuality and independent thought . 
  achievements we are not a lawless anarchy despite impossible levels of incompetence found at every level of the state, 
  because money . 
  you have licencing agreements . 
  those licencing agreements cost you money , to make a profit you need to get the most out of those . 
  you can sell advertising . 
  but to maximise that revenue you need to offer the advertiser a clear assessment of who will watch your stream and based on that assesment you negotiate the price . 
  and that advertiser will more than likely be interested only in a national audience ( the big global brands negotiate with the content providers to have red bull banners on the sky sloap or a yamaha replay segment and so on . 
  ) so he wo n't really be interested that you have 3 million europeans watching if he only sells insurance in britain . 
  so he will basicallly pay only for british eyes . 
  the second way is foreign licencing . 
  you sell the right to offer content ( and sell advertising on it ) to other companies that make their money in their national market in the same way you did in your country . 
  without the exclusivity in that market , those licencing agreements would be less profitable ( and they should because the internet national boundaries are bullshit because this only drove licensing deals to ridiculous levels ) but all the people involved want to make the most money not satisfy the most number of consumers so geoblocking became the norm . 
  fifa , wow , lol , cs and some random mmorpgs . 
  gaming culture is separated into the internet caffe culture of the 90 's and the modern millennials that are a very homogeneous wherever you find them regardless of nationality . 
  the former have consumer behavior extremely price conscious . 
  a free to play option or a buy it once all access will always be preferred to a subscription service . 
  just an fyi if your op is meant for a quick publishing marketing strategy . 
  union wide licencing will screw over national content suppliers and make former licencing agreements useless . 
  that will piss of a lot of people with a lot of money and a lot media reach and no politician would piss them of if he hopes to ever get reelected . 
  in our current capitalist zeitgeist , information is not a freedom , it is a commodity and unlike states companies can discriminate to whom the offer their services . 
  on the negative side given the western centrism of the eu politics there is a good change poor unskilled easterners will fight for western political interests . 
   imagine in some eu country there is massive protests with sparks of revolution . 
  that is why there are armed police and gendarmerie style forces , cause a goverment still needs to protect itself from the plebs . 
  i would counter what if the eu decides that french economic interest need to be protected by armed force or pakistan should renounce islamic law does the will of our leaders gets automatic aproval from us for military interventions or do we decide to step up our democratic game and ban agresive interventionism from the start , respecting the right to selfdetermination of each country . 
  http://media.roportal.ro/upload/image/arta/domnisoara_pogany.gif http://fs71.trilulilu.ro/imgs/aiurit/brancusi-si-domnisoara-pogany_b2e2571b759c8d.jpg because brancusi is the only real genius on a world scale that was ever born within these borders ( and with this idea you can count the number of romanian traditionalist on this thread by how many downvotes i receive ), 
  there is a huge gap between users and non-consumers . 
  most non_consumers do n't differentiate between mdma and codeine . 
  it is considered illegal and some would rate is more harmful than spousal abuse . 
  the czech republic is seriously concentrating on it you should try . 
  other good options are latvia , ireland and southern poland . 
  yes , but bears will probably kill you . 
  italy/spain , the food , the soccer and the laid back attitude make it perfect for retirement . 
   plus it 's the center of europe sorry to disappoint you but it 's not even close to the geographical center . 
  born and currently living in ... but i appreciate the compliment , it 's really hard to be an american tier asshole , thank you , thank you very much !, 
   because all bigotry stems from fear disagree . 
  bigotry stems from the need to maintain a power dominance . 
  no , the need to maintain dominance is individual , not all people need the security that comes from being superior to others . 
  however all humans fear change especially if it comes with paradigm shift that chages society to such a degree that their values become inferior to what society deems respectable . 
  well yes it is , but : 1 . this is the internet , not a media theater where people need to turn the other cheek to win the virginity prize 2 . civil discourse is invisible to racists , trust me i 'm from ee , if someone thinks he lives on a high ground you do n't explain why you 're actually equal , he knows the arguments , his delusion are built on that premise but he convinced himself his dick is longer despite those arguments . 
  you demonstrate why he is inferior , because all bigotry stems from fear , tolerance is the proper way to deal with the tolerant , the helpless and the week , once you put your big boy pants and start acting like a bitch , you ** need ** to get slapped like a bitch . 
  i think religious , racial and nationalist segregation have done unmeasurable damage to human decency and progress and i do not think there should be a any excuse to entertain those ideas . 
  i accept the economic arguments of chauvinists , or the biological arguments of sexists but i have seen to many people succeed and fail because of their background , circumstance and bigotry to even consider the notion of `` white '' people as being anything more than a linguistic differentiation meaning `` people that ruled the world before the 20th century and still deserve that privilege . '', 
  this is also why i find `` white '' to be more hurtful and insulting than any particular racial slur . 
  1 . decently 2 . labels for questions asked by non-europeans would be nice . 
  3 . include the ... and living , i kinda know how to get somewhere , and i have google for tourist atractions , but tourist traps , living expences , native hotspots are not that easy to find and i do n't want to be that guy who countiously asks the money question . 
  4 . let it grow naturally , the less mod intervenes the better , `` you do n't buy a guard dog if you have a pack of wolves living around your house '' , 
  i think it 's the normal ; growing pains toward democracy , some go to puberty , others rebel and some go trough the fiery gates of hell . 
  the main issue whitin the east is that there are no good alternatives . 
  all politicians are former comunists . 
  that means they have a unique way of doing things , they look at the people as a resource , they do not care about ideology , and they only rule because for personal gain . 
  there is absolutely no difference between your local mafia and political interest groups , other than when you reach a political office you use enforcers paid by the state . 
  reasonably , as happy as one can be given the circumstances , there are 3 political camps sharing power at the moment , and all the political fighting keeps abuses in check . 
  which is considerably better that the one party state he had previously ( ' 00 - '04 and ' 08 - ' 12 ) . 
  but the lack of interest in the opinion of the public means that important `` security state '' measures are passed with unanimity and the public is n't even informed about them , also the lack of political scandal makes them boring for the media , so they just mention them in passing at the end of the news . 
  i am anti statist , i think that any form of power will be abused , so the smaller the state , the more responsible the leader is and the easier it is to change him . 
  concerning the protection of citizens , because of the rule of law is widely accepted as the norm , you do not need a lot of people to create and enforce laws , you need few people that to do their jobs responsibly and are penalised if they fail . 
  ( a corrupt politician should suffer worst punishment than a murdering gelous husband or guy who runner a contraband ring , because he abused the trust of the citizens that elected him ) also given the right conditions people can self police , which would be the moral thing to do as the `` right thing '' is sometimes subjective and can contradict a general premise given in a law . 
  so small ( 350 000 - 500 000 inabitants ) city states are the best option from my point of view . 
  your question sounds really racist , so i 'll answer accordingly , your liberals are political faggots and your republicans are white niggers .
