  the us republicans are somwhere between the uk conservatives and hong kong plutocracy . 
  the democrats are canadian liberals , a little to the left of uk conservatives . 
  in our recent elections we voted into parliament anything from statist to anti eu , with a alot of federalist in between . 
  econmically they vary from anarchist to fringe liberterians . 
  your attempt to box political tought in between random american standards is solipsistic to a delusional scale . 
  you have no political choice , you have two gangs that share power , always , they can only inact policies with the permision of one another , some say this is a good thing , but i argue this is the continuasion of the values it was founded upon , america is equaly the country of the people and of the economic interests of the powerfull few . 
  i want you to understand something , economics is not a science , it is a sum of ideas and proceses that are waiting to be disproven by reality . 
  politics powers academic theories not the other way around , why because there are no clear right or wrong decisions , there are just positive and negative effect that range from system breaking to irrelevant but significant enough that you can use in your next politcal campaign . 
  yes some ideas have a proven outcome , but any form of causality is mere speculation if you get into the details , economic effect tend to be product of whole contextures rather than a specific decision ( despite what some economic autorsh try to argue to fuel a specific rethoric ) now regarding those republicans , they only care about fiscal responsability when compared to the democratis social spending , when it comes to corporate freebies and military over kill they always want blank checks and no questions . 
  ( the both do actually just the democrats are n't hypocrites about it because of thier statist position ) . 
  another thing , do you think republicans have their views because they actually believe them or that they took a grip into a secment of the population ( former disillusioned morally conservative democrats that voted for reagan ) and converted it 's beliefs to be as similar as possible with that niche of old school `` liberals '' . 
  give them 10-15 years and they will renounce them ( because there are n't enough of them to be relevant politically ) and go libertarian and wave gay flags . 
  as a reaction the democrats will go after moral conservatives as gen x becomes the grumpy old guys . 
  that is the illusion of choice , you take any arena , spit it in half , take the argument your guys like the most and make it rethoric . 
  fuck actual systemic issues , let 's get those numbers up !, 
  imagine death you know why it is frightening ? 
  because you ca n't concieve what comes after , the same thing here this would be extremely disruptive for everyone that has a modecum of power today , and no one will sacrifice their positions because of logic or common sense now when it comes to the average joe , your argument is that 60 % of the state is artificial and amoral , and everyone needs to accept change and the troubled future that will follow . 
  your opposers , the ones currently in power , will argue sacrifice is not necessary , decades ago 30 % was unheard of and now the economy is healthy enough that even 60 % is manageable and we have the political power to fix any issues that occurs down the road as we did repeatetly in our recent history , and our recoveries are actually proof that this works because systemic crises are unavoidable under any economic system . 
  they will not argue for change ( which is scary ) , sacrifice or uncertainty . 
  who do you think gets the majority of votes ? 
  reason is poinless , when all that matters is `` me '' . 
  actually , finaciers own that debt and most have political strings , currently you can face embargo and diplomatic sanctions if you unilaterally break your agreements . 
  that is why trade organisations and treaties are so powerfull , they can enforce unhealthy realtions with real world legal consequences . 
  that is the game changer , stop financing indefinetly on foreign markets . 
  unless you can get people to invest in your goverment , public bonds , you do n't have money . 
  you can be as socialist as you want on other peoples money , run huge armies and so on , but to be self sustainable requires self control , and a lot of it is imposible to justify to the public . 
  ( which will not only finance you but also vote for you and your policy ) . 
  investors are poinless if they do n't promote growt , and i coming from a cheap labor country guarantee that a great part of the free capital that moves from contry to country does actually prevents growt both directly ( law tampering ) and indirectly ( crushing local competitors and capital ), 
  actually individual economic bursts contribute to global growth . 
  also public expenditure is continously growing , it 's a human thing . 
  tax revenues at best have been raised a moderate amount , but do to inflation ( global ) actual gains have at best stayed the same . 
  high tax high spend is the norm , you simply can not affort politically anything esle in a average political climate . 
  this in a world of quantitative easing is trully game breaking, 
  well the soviets just did n't bother with etnic shit ( they are actually progrsive when it comes to local autonomy compared with western countries ) and until someone talks about revolution they do n't care , and when they do , they just bring the military in for `` peace keeping '' purposes . 
  now look at dagestan , you can train terrorist all day long but until you actually threaten the state `` nobody has time for that '', 
   identify good and bad areas , compare policy , target areas of high tension the goverment should not micromanage what people believe or want , any argument of for acting in the best interest of the people is invalid unless people are actually getting hurt , and even then it should not use that violence to promote a statist ideology . 
  hmmm , i think that sounds really fascist . 
  if people are killing one another because of poltics , there is a problem ( and not negesaraly a etnical one !, 
  ) , anything else is just bullshit . 
  why do we feel the need to rank shit ? 
  there are big bubu 's and small `` they have a etnic holydays '' bubu 's . 
  we all live in a world filled with wishfull thinking , some of us are just miserable pesimists that invent worlds so horrible they almost feel like the real thing . 
   then the moral panic kicks in . 
  actually , they know the electoral backlash will be horrible , the second prostitution will be legal in itally , religious organisations backed by mob money will raise all hell in protest , there are few things that actually matter for the average person , self righteousness is one of them, 
  did you end up doing what you wanted initially , or did you concede and let her have her way , because you where wrong to and a rellationship is not about winning but about being considerate of your partner ? 
  if you are you would n't be asking because it would be obvious that you are significantly happier that your friends . 
  ooups another generalisation , sorry . 
  anyway , best wishes mister , i wish you have a life full of love and a relationship full of mutual respect ( although you already have that so i should have wished you bunnies instead ), 
   no single party has the votes to approve of a candidate on their own . 
  could they get a anti epp parliamentaraly majority or are there to many euroskeptics ? 
   anti-federalists would not back a committed federalist like juncker . 
  but if put in a position to be deciders , i think they would prefer a federalist ( with harsh conditions ) over a statist like schultz, 
  how is the commisioner elected ? 
  can the s&d steal it from the epp ? 
  would junker backed by the anti federalists become powerless ? 
  basically , * social democrats get harder to prosecute , as it becomes clear that they will control the presidential office to by the end of the year * liberals and democrats ( ppe ) fight one another for influence within the new political construct behind close doors , some externalities spill over into the media, 
  buying all resources trough the eu , with a fixed price point , stop being righteous in brussell and then self serving the next day when confronted with local economic realities . 
  accepting that limiting trade and starving russia of money , will lead to more extremism , radicalisation and a very bloody revolution in the end , and an economic depression in the eu ( not the us is not a healthy option ) and a lot of people will hate the eu even more a lot of politicians will jump on the bandwagon and fight the right thing for the easy thing . 
  that is how history is made , there are no clean and easy solutions . 
  tl , dr : because people can see they have no fucking idea what they are doing , they need better numbers to parade in front of their electorate . 
  so they suspend their moral prejudice and use illegal off the books activity too find some economic optimism . 
  now you could `` fix the books '' to appear like your country is just morally corrupt and not bankrupt because numbers regarding illegal activities are just estimations and the most reliable are hand written by governmental employees , but no european government would try to fake macroeconomic health , right ? 
  many will jump and argue , legalize everything and then you get that sweet sweet tax . 
  but i would be more weary , because what colorado has shown us is that the government has not trouble with being your drug dealer or pimp , a highly taxed market basically means you 've changed abusers and not gained actual freedom and worst still , this abuser controls the industries that fight his illegal competition and has the ability to make laws that change what is right and what is wrong . 
  ( putting my tin foil hat on : this has the potential to go very huxley-escue , with a governmentally subsidized drug policy keeping the worker class happy and not rioting ) also , you can have half the country starving and the other half working in highly productive industries for exports and your macroeconomic figures would be astonishing ( south africa , brasil , india ) , who the fuck named gdp the be all and end all of developmental health ? 
  ( i know it 's keynesian demagogues , it 's a rhetorical question ), 
   you 'll be surprised to learn they 're regular human beings . 
  i did n't say otherwise , we just employ different strategies and abide by different rules when we are in a relationship . 
   have you considered that it 's your culture , and not women ? 
  of course it 's the culture , lesbians are free to abuse one another equally because they are not confined to a specific gender role within the relationship . 
   a healthy relationship means both partners listen to and respect each other absolutely agree . 
  this does not work however after the honeymoon stage . 
  there rarely are black and white issues in life so right and wrong are more complex answers , i 'm right , she escalates , calls me inconsiderate , too logical or even conservative ( basically deflecting to personal attacks ) , i see the patern until i drop it or give her the win . 
  from her point of view , my option comes with a hit to her ego therefor it 's bad from my point of view , my option comes with a pointless fight and more tension between us , therefor it 's not really worth it . 
   what if i told you men also pick ? 
  just as much as women , even !, 
  men pick whom to approach and who to stay with after the `` honymoon '' , besides that , dating is just a peacock dance to impress women , you do not pick anything you are just allowed to make decisions and are judged accordingly . 
  now about backing things up , my thoughts come from my experiences , i do n't give a fuck they do n't conform to your idealised political correct world view . 
  actually from where i 'm standing the uniformity of genders ( not equality ) feminist preach ( whith studies ) is bullshit in the real world . 
  women do n't act like regular `` people '' in relationships , men ca n't behave like a average gender neutral person in a relationship . 
  now when i wo n't be labeled a misogynist just for noticing this , maybe some studies about how men are not the same as women will be published without ruining the career of the researcher that undertakes such a counter cultural pursuit . 
  so you think that men and women behave childishly in relationships in equal measure , right ? 
  or men more ? 
  there is equal evidence for all 3 , only one however is obvious for anyone that had a relationship that lasted more than 2 weeks . 
   ahahaha , you 've never met me . 
  you must be the rare man that wins arguments with his so , teach us master , 40 % of the planet wants your knowledge . 
   and you 've got this from , what ? 
  a sample size of one and a tv ? 
  what are the studies you 're using for this ? 
  about 30 , about 100 % of the relationships i 've seen or been part of , as the saying goes , you want to be right of have a relationship . 
   so do men . 
  jesus , dude , you 're just saying things now . 
  maybe with their moms , and even that work only up until your 12-14 years old . 
  of they desire them , that is how they pick . 
  finally a relevant metric . 
  what happen with latvia ? 
  i could ask you beyond idealism ( or common sense from your perspective ) what makes you think that men are identical to women ? 
  men ca n't afford to be stubborn to often in relationships , because women do n't tolerate that and escalate a small issue into a full fledged fight . 
  women , however use stubbornness to get their way . 
  this is beyond feminism or culture , this is how the relationship game is played , since men desired women and women got to choose which man gets lucky .
