   it is only small as long as we are continuously upgrading all our military equipment , vehicles , aircraft , missiles , and invest in technology to defend ourselves with , so that no one would even dare to attack us . 
  i personally do n't agree , the age of ono-on-one military conflict is gone , only a very superior military force will invade your country , in witch case i doubt your * military will do more than postpone the inevitable . 
  * this is my view for every small to medium country , the big countries are outspending exponentially more than us, 
  again at the bottom , well at least those of us who have it can brag about the [ speed of our internet . 
  ] ( http://www.antena3.ro/en/tech/romania-is-ranked-5th-in-the-world-at-internet-connection-speed-200686.html ), 
  i would blame it on the telecommunication providers , at least in the south they are screwing people over hard with expensive services and shitty quality . 
  same thing with your mobile providers , its a shame the government does ' t investigate those oligopolies . 
  i would urge you to try the [ tripe soup ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tripe_soups ) ( ciorba de burta ) and our version of kebabs ( [ mici ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mititei ) or mititei ) , we also make great cabbage bread, 
  2 million euros is a steal , cool deal ... but for what may i ask did you buy them ? 
  the perspective of a land war in europe is kinda small . 
  what happened ? 
  russians ? 
  why would you go there with the idea ? 
  the public domain cameras are the problem , do n't you see that ? 
  the attitude of english redditors i encountered , and the fact that they do n't smash cameras every time the get out of the pub , but maybe this is just me . 
  even if the goverment abandons the poor in cities like swansea ? 
  or outer london . 
  even if a deregulated financial markets allows banks to gamble with the trading interest . 
  even if the national monopolies act against the interest of the general public ? 
  what do you do if you realize that the political scene is a gentleman 's club that only tolerates you because you are a source of convenient income . 
  well its not all about privatisation , its more about liberating the markets from national monopolies . 
  one other condition we have to abide by is to liberate the energy market for example ( at this time consumers pay special rates for electricity ) . 
  in this particular case , gfr ( buyer ) and cfr creates a greater monopoly in the freight industry witch produces a really interesting paradox . 
  but as things are generally done by politicians , the means matter more than the ends . 
  it 's a bit of a stretch to say something is right wing in our country its more a case of anti-presidential propaganda and `` flexible media '' that tends to be `` seasonal '', 
  this is actually a condition for a previous stand-by deal . 
  we did n't actually take any money from this deal . 
  why are british people so cool with security issues ? 
  the sub asked for help , intervention and advice and he took it as : we 've been saying you have problems but you did n't listen . 
  he basically undermines what the author asks : do n't turn your western back to us just because we 're from the east ? 
  but probably i confused the joke with the general smugness of british politicians when it comes to eastern europe . 
  sorry , just hate english arrogance , it 's so ... second millennium . 
  it 's a hyperbole not a metaphor . 
  the whole sentence is an exaggeration , notice the rhetorical at the end . 
  you have a police state , the government can literally fuck you in the ass and all you can say is `` can i have some more , sir . '', 
  one of the first european protest we 're the student protests in london in 2010 so i guess even you `` brits '' do n't have it all figured out . 
  saying something is shit is n't really helpfull . 
  they are n't masochists and most are n't idiots , they see how the government is but do n't have any alternatives , so ease of the people , its not their fault . 
  only you see yourself as imperialist anymore , even the southerners are more relevant that you are . 
  so get over yourself you american proxy . 
  let us escalate this shall we ... http://vimeo.com/39644769 nsfw seriously this time, 
  this would be so freaking cool , take that black dahlia !, 
  considering most legislation is to arbitrate between industry and people , lobbies are always bad . 
  if there is no conflict between corporate industry and people you would n't need special legislation . 
   votes of no confidence , politicians/cabinets that step down , constituents to keep satisfied , voters that can walk away , investigative journalism that keeps tabs on what 's what , opposition that scrutinizes everything you do , etc. 
  these are all present at the national level , not at the european level our shameless representative [ adrian severin ] ( http://www.romania-insider.com/romanian-mep-adrian-severin-caught-up-in-corruption-scandal-withdraws-from-socialist-group/20795/ ) was caught red-handed but does n't give a flyin ` frack about what you or i think of him he still sits in parliament and cashes the check . 
  i have some other examples of complete idiots that got elected to parliament , the system is broken , and because of much less scrutiny than the national arena it continues to hide it 's flaws , they are untouchable , when the time of reelection comes nobody counts the bad ones , because he is only on of many . 
  they respond to nobody but themselves , and maybe the parliamentary group ( witch you do n't get to elect ) . 
  they 're main purpose is to proliferate their political career . 
  their job security depends more on `` playing ball '' than voting for the better good . 
  they are as incapable of dealing with specialty subjects like internet security or agricultural policy as we are . 
  tldr : no we do n't know who decides policies , we only know who votes for them and that is not enough in a true democracy . 
  i understand that , my point was that the truth is never obvious at best , you have circumstantial evidence and subjective witnesses . 
  the truth is impossible to determine , we ca n't see into the past or inside peoples mind , so all that remains is whether you would prefer the scrutiny of only one subjective person ( with experience ) or multiple subjective people . 
  i personally would prefer the second option , as i think subjectivity evens out in crowds . 
  first of all why the hate ? 
  my idea has the same validity regardless of my nationality . 
  yes my opinion is shaped by my personal experiences but corruption is pretty universal , we have small local corruption you have [ international bribery ] ( http://www.theriskradar.com/anti-bribery/netherlands-under-the-spotlight-on-anti-bribery-and-corruption-efforts/ ) back to my first point it is n't really practical to stalk a politician and make him regret his position . 
  the other side being that lobbies also know where he live and what buttons to push . 
   try to do that when the public ca n't even know who is in charge . 
  this is exactly my problem you do not know who is in charge , you do not know the agenda of politicians , while a faceless parliament is imposible to corrupt and virtually impossible to contaminate . 
  also , all debates wold have to be in the public space , not behind closed doors . 
  are n't we all ? 
  there was n't one to support the eu in the first place we we 're literally the most divided continent , historically culturally and economically , but we got this far . 
  how is this better on matters of continental security or sharing of freedom and economic wellbeing ? 
  i see you point , but these are complaints addressed to a political system , while the concept of an agora is to eliminate the middle men ( politicians ) from the decision making part of democracy while conserving the rule of the people . 
  he 's quite the trouble maker , i know the type , in my country we prosecution is dependant on political cycles so it 's not really better . 
  the whole picking of the jury seems fundamentally wrong and i think a bigger crosssection of the population would have convicted . 
  but i do see how media propaganda can sway jurors more than a judge . 
  is anybody accountable in our current model ? 
  i would argue that they are n't accountable even to themselves compared to the debt they have to their parties or lobbyist . 
  an anonymous parliament would respond only to their own self interest of creating a better society , as they are not career politicians at the end of their term they will rejoin the society the changed . 
  to create a abstract model i will simply my point of view , the perfect jury , anonymous homogeneus , composed of a large number that is representative to society as a hole , vs a supercomputer judge that always measures the probability ( still ca n't see the past ) of something happening and makes 100 % objective decisions . 
  there are cases that where an objective verdict of guilty satisfies an objective form of justice , witch is not identical with the moral form of justice , off the top of my head a retarded male sexually harasses a child , a man beats an off duty cop in a fit of rage for hitting his daughter with a car . 
  in these cases socially understandable actions may lead to a pardon in the form of a incorrect but understandable verdict from the jury and that is the right kind of justice a society should have . 
  making it a human rights does n't mean they automatically have universal access , or are capable of using it ( the older folks , disabled , illiterate ) . 
  i quite like your system , its a great balance between representative and direct democracy . 
  i have a greater fear of demagogs than radical media or gullible people . 
  the media `` sells '' news , some news is simply more marketable to it 's main audience ( non-internet users ) than others . 
  while people that are gullible once can have a change of heart pretty easy the second time around . 
  would this have been the case if they where more off them or if they were of different nationalities ? 
  or do you think a judge is less likely to be influenced by a high profile case ( i personally would not vouch for my countrymen ), 
  i meant comparatively with other continents . 
  most of them have legal degrees and that does n't make them experts on immigration , finance or internet privacy more than the average citizen . 
  and unlike a commoner they are more or less obligated to vote between party lines . 
  yes but the control is put in place by themselves . 
  a mob of ordinary citizens would be uncontrollable and this is a good thing , they will vote for the common good because this is all they have , they do not have a lobby position or a political career to look forward to after retirement . 
  if there are random selections ... at least 50 % would be women , some would be non-white ... i am just saying that the peaks would loose they 're significance in a big enough crowd , one person still only gets one vote . 
  i did not say interest is mandatory . 
  not equally but more often and more simplistic . 
  i did not say sortition is the whole answer it just seems it would be a beneficial shock to the system . 
  i thought about that version , but the nominal panel would be more vulnerable to lobbyist while anonymous voters would not . 
  but in large anonymous numbers is n't the voice of reason more prevalent ? 
  yes but in the case of direct democracy , you need to make the case clear for everyone to understand and if this takes place in the public view all voices can make they 're case . 
  while with a representative democracy the lobbyist can make they 're subjective case . 
  and unless , the other side has similar lobbyist or the matter that is voted upon is of great popular or media interest , the representative in general goes with his party 's general policy so you still do n't get rational and informed people thinking about all the angles . 
  or * buy * guilt , i think a non continental should answer this `` judge vs a jury '' debate . 
  how is democracy a bad thing compared to alternatives like authoritarianism ? 
  i agree that political correctness and populism sometimes obstruct the big picture , but i think the form in witch democracy takes place needs to change not democracy itself . 
  on capital punisment i have 2 problems , i do not believe in punisment i believe in reabilitation .
