  and if the private sector pays , they 'll probably just hire fewer women , which would make the government a bit angry . 
  i hope he did n't get cutlery . 
  i have thrice that , and still run proto occasionally , although usually just suits , not weapons . 
  you may be . 
  uprising 1 had terrible mouse input but it has settled down a lot since then . 
  i do n't get why he hates item destruction on death so much . 
  if he has played shooters since doom , then he should have gotten over it from counter strike . 
  fa would be my target of choice , and i 'm not even in test . 
  which chart ? 
  what about core locus ? 
  also your graph seems out . 
  i know that , regardless of whether you think you need 480 armor to survive a locus , you actually need 520 because explosives are doing +30 % to armor instead of +20 . 
  oh god do n't start one axis above zero but not the other . 
  uh , that 's 97 % incorrect . 
  if dust mkb were a virtual joystick i would throw my ps3 out the window . 
  what a great place to leave . 
  actual testing . 
  it 's pretty easy to throw a grenade at a corpie in a pc battle and have him write down how much damage it did . 
  re posting my repost ? 
  that 's a new one . 
  1 au per second = 500x the speed of light . 
  after you grok that , every other duration in eve kinda falls apart . 
  did anyone care about being able to break orbit in 30 seconds in * elysium * ? 
  no , because story  boring reality . 
  some people 's tires just need letting down . 
  contractor here . 
  no sick leave or paid vacation ; i just charge 50 % more than a permanent staff member . 
  mine is similar : i split the rate 70/30 with the agency . 
  in return it finds me contracts where both of us are happy with the income . 
  my threshold just happens to be 50 % over permanent rates , below which i am disappointed . 
  people afford ski trips and home theatre systems and x boxes . 
  a rift is cheap in comparison . 
  yay i 'm wealthy !, 
  i usually measure my wealth by how many plex i have stockpiled . 
  perhaps that 's a warning sign ... 
  rewards for winning matches . 
  thanks to the cpm for this simple and obvious idea that had thus far eluded ccp . 
  meh , i 'd rather have copies of high end stuff than blueprints of stuff i 'll rarely use . 
  but , politics is * how * you choose your fights . 
  the swarms require level 3 skill . 
  they 're pretty neat if you ca n't fit prototype legitimately . 
  the game need the rift to even work , that 's the key selling point . 
  it 's perfectly reasonable to say to someone ` if you want this game , buy a rift ' the same way that they say ` if you want wii fit , buy a wii ', 
  i do n't even know why we 're having this argument . 
  if they do n't want it , they can always stash it until player trading arrives . 
  as long as console gamers like bragging , pc will be relevant . 
  talkingbackoneiros . 
  go to dust reports dot com . 
  mmo hipsters . 
  i dunno , ask malcanis . 
  [ oh i think i can take a guess ] ( http://imgur.com/ann6a1y ), 
  i hope to god you 're going to eve down under in november , then . 
  last time there was ncdot and goons all drinking together and leaking blue intel all over the place . 
  it was epic . 
  i 've never played fingers crossed . 
  what platform is it on ? 
  there 's also some corps who are staying neutral but allowing individuals to participate ... 
  well , not when you have ridiculous amounts of guns * already * floating around the country . 
  there 's an app for that . 
  admit it ; you 're just hiding from the people who drop vehicles on you . 
  it 's very important to set goals in eve . 
  ^ ( my goal just happens to be to login as rarely as possible while still earning enough isk to pay for my accounts , so i can spend my time playing dust514 instead . 
  so far i 'm down to one hour a month , so that 's working out quite well . ), 
   i 've changed my mind now i understand it . 
  this is the most unexpected sentence in this entire thread . 
  i have bought a few merc packs ( psn cards went on sale nov ) . 
  generally , i make sure i have a spare active booster for each double-sp week that happens - if i 'm going to grind it up , why not get 50 % more value from the grinding ? 
  i also spend the occasional bit of aurum for stuff that 's out of my sp range . 
  generally , the more sp i 'd need to get the legitimate version of an item , the more worth it i consider the item to buy . 
  a burnstalk laser rifle only saves me the 12k skill points it would take to get laser rifle i , so it 's pretty-much worthless to me . 
  however , getting a neo ck .0 assault suit could be 1.5 million skill points out of my reach , so it 's worth dropping 80aur on ( what 's that ? 
  4 cents ? ), 
  when i feel the need . 
  having said that , i make sure i 'm not spending more than i feel comfortable with , which due to the obscene exchange rate in the australian psn store , means about 3 merc packs per year :(, 
  not really . 
  whether the fit costs 150k , or 100k +4 cents is immaterial . 
  the fact that it costs six figures vs my other suits that cost 30k , for a match that will only bring in 250k tops , is the thing that you pay attention to . 
  not since meredith left ;-), 
  except they 're generally not top tier items anyway . 
  i meant the blueprints . 
  this will make the info broker very happy . 
  scanners do see through walls . 
  it 's great . 
  i 'd pay money to see that , if only for the novelty of seeing labor move left on * any * issue . 
  confirming . 
  i think i have that cd somewhere . 
  yeah there 's at least one aussie and one kiwi alliance in syndicate . 
  on opposite sides of the region though , which is a pain . 
  this makes it really easy to work out which time zones each district is in . 
  nice . 
   even basic level active scanners will hit well below almost any scan radius . 
  standard scanners ca n't even find scouts . 
  [ new york yoga in 2009 ] ( http://nymag.com/shopping/features/58082/ ) . 
  in true aussie fashion :, 
  however many you can get away with . 
  a guy i know mines highsec caldari ice in a procurer . 
  apparently he 's topping the killboard for his corp this month . 
  he does carry a hobgoblin ii though . 
  do n't you have to re lock on between shots ? 
  any news about the shield regeneration bug ?
