  it has never detected any game on my mac . 
  aggreception, 
  more to the point , when you 're 59 and facing the prospect of no wage income , it 's a lot more important to preserve the capital you have than to eke out some rental income but face the possibility of losing 10 % of the asset 's value due to a worse market when it 's time to sell . 
  yes , and yes . 
  is that the new launcher ? 
  i think i 'm still on the old one . 
  i 'm watching the down votes accumulate on imgur, 
  the magic of mobile site , i guess . 
  it redirects to the page . 
  `` it 's just a social experiment bro '', 
  that 's prime minister material . 
  i think it combos well with the [ blink eldrazi ] ( https://i.imgur.com/uvcdchj.jpg ) that was spoiled earlier this week , but it 's not a tron card . 
  i can not into mathematics, 
  suburb checks out . 
  ok , it 's a thing now . 
  why would you need blood stone once sadist is maxed ? 
  again , you only need a value point in the aura until quite late in the game . 
  which is what qantas did - bring forward or hold back losses and expenses then blow out into a huge 1.8 billion loss . 
  bonus points if the ceo buys shares cheaply . 
  next year , all new planes and cheaper leases etc mean more profit . 
  too many larks imo , and too much doubling down on the blink plan . 
  considered splashing r or b and making a midrange blink deck ? 
  first off , under what circumstances do you choose to pick doom , and under what circumstances do you decide that it 's not a good match to play doom ? 
  `` it 's okay , mum , he only hits me * a bit * '', 
  600 usd, 
  consoles and computers require screens . 
  the rift is 2 miniature screens . 
  the price is high but not unwarranted . 
  customs offices too , while we 're at it . 
  do they float ? 
  because that would be worse . 
  why do you have to be like this . 
  medium : ~ 500, 
  hard : ~ 1000-2000 ( last hits and chain stuns like 2k , builds/tactics/overall strategy is poor ), 
  not bragging about it in allchat . 
   harass the one with the least regen while positioning so as to minimise creep aggro . 
  coordinate with your other lanemate so they know what 's happening , and can help ( pl 's lance , etc ), 
  i would say that kogan is putting more on the line than coles is . 
  after all , coles accepted the money from the punter so it can refund it . 
  kogan is just giving away $ 25 at a time in return for some advertising . 
  i 'm not so sure about the talon . 
  with glaives , you focus the biggest creep and the rest of the creeps just evaporate anyway . 
  also , since she 's ranged , the quelling does very little . 
  art department stranglehold no big surprise, 
  yeah i hear really good things about that brand . 
  if you want them , it 's probably cheaper to buy them in the usa and get them shipped over . 
  imagine the cost of shipping metal power tools , and it 's * still * cheaper ... 
  well , that 's ... not ideal . 
  ok , perhaps  2k for chain stunning . 
  in before `` it 's good to have useful idiots '' quote : /, 
  oh come on . 
  we can bring our own alcohol if it 's * such * an imposition . 
  will there be * any * compelling citadel features at launch ? 
  if there 's no reason to switch , then it will only happen under duress ... 
  ok , i guess i should reword it . 
  when citadels * launch * , will there be a mainstream reason to use them instead of a tower , other than ` hey this is neat ' or ' i can tether a supercap at this ', 
  this explains why i play eve online . 
  hamilton island is quite kid-friendly , if that 's relevant to you . 
  hayman , not so much , which may actually be a good thing if you do n't want other people 's kids around . 
  chicken and egg . 
  they legitimately do have something to worry about . 
  well , you can crest someone then press the attack to remove your debuff , but generally it 's better held by someone else . 
  the move speed is nice . 
  what made you stop ? 
  i think they 're still utter bastards . 
  dude , just no . 
  tutor some freshmen or something . 
  cost : $ 15 ( preordered ), 
  shipping : $ 13.56, 
  like , i still ** bought ** it , i 'm just complaining . 
  so , they 're suggesting paying for organs ? 
  i 'm not 100 % opposed , but it 's a big change in approach . 
  maybe gyro , since he has serious early game ? 
  * http://www.sharelife.org.au/sharelife-board, 
  * http://www.sharelife.org.au/sharelife-medical-professionals, 
  i have heard of one or two of the medical people ( in a good way ) and do n't see any super-obvious flags about the board . 
  yeah , i mean what kind of greedy fucks keep the same subscription price for a decade , any way ... 
  til that pudge , bane and mirana make an excellent trio . 
  * bane sleep sets up for arrow and hook ( also ultimate does as well ? ), 
  * hook into ultimate sets up for arrow, 
  * arrow sets up for hook . 
  * blade mail, 
  * anti carries , like timber and life stealer, 
  does n't have to be a bogan, 
  evidently, 
  his w wrecks shallow grave though . 
  does well vs veges i hear . 
  mostly harmless, 
  it 's okay if the keystrokes are simultaneous , otherwise capital letters would be against the eula, 
  little-known fact : the guy who set that up was an iraqi immigrant . 
  peanuts are super-common in west africa . 
  the same vaccine ( gardasil ) works on guys as well . 
  skadi is a lot better because it gives you actual tank . 
  if you have the means and opportunity , get it . 
  however s&y are great because they have an easier build up , still provide useful stats and make you walk so , so fast . 
  i like to get both , but you will soon work out when you can go for skadi vs needing to get s&y first . 
  that 's not how the song goes, 
  orangered vs periwinkle, 
  not buying flight centre at 2.73, 
  carrier pigeons with usb sticks are n't cheap .
