  settle , petal . 
  yep . 
  some of my rellies were annoyed at our ` no shot , no baby ' edict . 
  fuck em , they can see the baby once she 's had all her shots and not a moment sooner . 
  that newbie at the end with the quafe skin . 
  so adorable . 
  judging by the fact that it 's running a tournament at fanfest this week , chances are it 's in pretty good shape . 
  it does run on the gearvr , but i suspect it wo n't launch there . 
  that 's what we 've been telling you for decades . 
  sincerely , the rest of the developed countries . 
  ah , the famous flyover states . 
  it 's a bit niche , but sure , why not . 
  in australia , capital gains for assets held less than twelve months is taxed at your regular income tax rate . 
  i. e. up to 47 %, 
  if you hold it for more than twelve months , you get a 50 % discount . 
  even then , we 're seeing bubbles occur as people take out investment loans for houses and relying on price rises to use cgt events instead of normal investment returns . 
  interesting point : if you 're saving for a house , do you put the money into a real estate fund ? 
  at least it will track the market segment you 'll eventually spend it on . 
  purifier because it 's not affected by a ship tanked for guristas . 
  afountainghanastan . 
  if it 's a rig , it breaks . 
  everything else should be in your hangar . 
  if push comes to shove , search in the assets window . 
  they 're what the ships you hunt when you exit into k space are tanked against . 
  maybe it has an expiration date . 
  no , she does n't run new eden news bot . 
  on the other hand , my industry alt now has something useful to train , so there 's that . 
  work out what the repayments are on , say , 750k . 
  subtract your rent . 
  that 's that you must be putting into savings each month before you even think about getting that loan . 
  the next step is realising that you 'll need to double the minimum repayments if you want to pay off the loan any time soon . 
  my thinking was that if house prices go up , the property funds will track at much the same rate , so you 'll still have the same purchasing power . 
  if the prices drop , so does your fund , but that should be okay because the house you 're buying is also cheaper . 
  the only way you lose compared to shares is if the housing market tanks but shares do n't . 
  in all other cases you 're even or better . 
  ing has a semi managed option . 
  maybe look into that . 
  no , just the cost of buying both will eat up a couple percent . 
  it 's probably nit picking anyway . 
  the go to australian etf has something like 7 % exposure in real estate anyway . 
  warren buffet looked at the historic performance since the 1960s , and while human fund managers may out perform the market in a particular year , no individual fund has sustained that performance for long enough to cover the mistakes they made in other years . 
  so , given that you do n't have an in depth knowledge of a market like someone who has been working in it for decades , an index fund is probably a good thing to have as a foundation . 
  etf is great if you 're going to buy large chunks at a time , but if you want to just put in small amounts regularly over a number of years ( like bpay a bit every pay packet ) , maybe get into the backing fund directly . 
  no , it came from the roses fund . 
  action method damage means `` shoot it into rf '', 
  entosis possibly means `` use entosis link to rf '', 
  entosis site means `` use entosis link on sites that spawn nearby to rf '', 
  at the moment i 'm 2m down , 0.3 m up , so i 'm pretty excited at the possibility of watching youtube at more than 480p resolution . 
  i 'm pretty sure they had notes on their internal wiki though, 
  valkyrie is ccp games ' attempt at `` why not both ? '', 
  yeah , towards the end of the financial year , i sometimes tell my agency to plough the whole thing into super if i need to get closer to the threshold . 
  yeah i had to halve my co contribution in december because i was likely to go over by eofy . 
  might dump it into wife 's super instead . 
  what time zone are you in ? 
  hmm the $ 3k limit seems a lot lower than i remember . 
  also , let 's acknowledge how crazy ocd webster was . 
  offset by the `` fuck you , downloading it '' discount . 
  apparently this trailer is a cut down version of the tutorial mission . 
  they call it ` acqihiring ', 
  yes it 's normal . 
  no , it 's not ideal . 
  yes , it will be fixed some time in the next couple months . 
  probably a medium caldari . 
  set up whatever hardeners are needed to provide omni resists ( keep them offline ) plus various arrays and labs to fit . 
  or maybe dust will turn into legion over the course of the years . 
  does he also care a lot about disasters , fires , floods and killer bees [ ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ho6pzquntko ), 
  chew , chew , chew for chwentychew . 
  eventually they 'll run out of people who want to play on a ps3 though . 
  the easiest way would be to buy into the vanguard funds rather than the etf . 
  you can then set up regular eftpos payments . 
  to do it via etf you have to manually buy a set amount every so often according to your personal schedule . 
  i just told you how to do it . 
  what more do you need explained about the process ? 
  ok , the concept of dollar cost averaging is exactly that : putting in regular amounts at regular intervals as an investment strategy . 
  assuming you have n't made a terrible choice of stock that will crash to zero , the idea is that by putting in a fixed sum , you will buy fewer shares when the price is high , and correspondingly more shares when the price is low . 
  so , you take advantage of cheap periods and limit your outlay in expensive periods without needing to ` time the market ' . 
  laplace is so good for linear circuit analysis . 
  turns pages of fourier into a three line solve . 
  well , my corp has a few miners . 
  they 're pretty hyped by the changes that are coming to nullsec ores , so they 're reassessing what to stockpile in anticipation , and in the meantime are supplying ship hulls for the alliance ( or for sale ) . 
  i guess the point about ` what do i do after i < method to get money  ' is universal . 
  the answer is to * spend it on fun things * . 
  i 'd like an after action report on the tournament ... 
  i think the streaming went poorly . 
  if you sell immediately to another player via the market , your order is filled and frees up the slot , so you can keep selling . 
  so , go to your local market hub and if you need the isk now , you can offload them . 
  from past history , never expect anything the art team shows to ever hit tq until a non-art team employee says it 's in . 
  i see a caldari elite frigate rek on scan . 
  does brave let you enter , or does it set it for you once you auth ? 
   checks posting history in case of troll, 
  a rattlesnake will smash low and nullsec rats , but it 's unwise to do so if you 're solo ( i.e. 
  not part of a corporation that lives there ) . 
  hauling stuff is not recommended . 
  generally , you buy the stuff you need while you 're in null , or use alliance logistics to courier the exotic stuff ( with sufficient collateral set ), 
  just look at the countries with low refusal rates . 
  they all have something in common : if you get your boss offside , things will go very badly for you . 
  everyone should fill their cargo holds with fuel before they head out . 
  sydney is fairly expensive ; close to $ 10k/year difference in cost of living compared to regional cities and other state capitals , although other capitals seem to be catching up . 
  median salary is ~ $ 50k/year ( about $ 70k median household income ) .
