  a c1 is only one jump from highsec . 
  and i 'm saying that unless you get a bro-price on moon minerals or access to r64s that are profitable to extract already , you 're better off buying stuff from the market and reacting them . 
  you can , kind of . 
  drag a fit into marke, 
  pyfa wo n't tell him how much flak he will get by only having jdc iv ... 
  usually , the pos is one that would need to be there anyway ( jump bridge , safe spot , whatever ) and raw moon goo defrays the fuel costs . 
  there 's a lot of moon goo stockpiled , btw . 
  it 's occasionally useful to have industry skills on your main , like you need some cap booster 800s or some ammo , you just manufacture them . 
  however , for heavy industry , you 'll be tied to your pos or station , so it makes sense to have an industry alt . 
  the power of two promotion is a good way to do this , since you can get a not-terrible industry alt going in 6 months . 
  one reason is that lokis are harder to probe down because of the bonused - sig.radius warfare link . 
  however , link tengus used to be much better for truly obscene multi-link setups due to having higher cpu , as well as bonused siege links for shield fleets . 
  this made them best at hiding in a pos during fleet ops . 
  since processor overclocking rigs were released , this advantage has waned and you can use lokis for the same thing . 
  it also comes down to how they 're used . 
  link lokis , since they have bonuses to skirmish warfare , are ideal for small gangs of highly-skilled pilots going up against larger gangs of less-skilled pilots . 
  you see a lot of link lokis in syndicate , for instance , as various groups try to pick fights with ~ ~ fatal ascension ~ ~ various other groups . 
  short-term : get into a talos , enjoy cheap kiting pvp, 
  medium-term : get into a proteus or phobos for heavy tackle duty, 
  long-term : get into a moros and escalate c5 sites like a boss . 
  crosstraining for a different covops is a ~ 6 day train - not a big thing . 
  most players above 25m skill points have trained two frigate skills to v. 
  cross-training for a * combat * ship starts blowing out your training plan very quickly as the ship size increases . 
  you 'll probably need to train up shield skills anyway , since shield-gank gallente fits are common . 
  the good think about shield tanking skills is that you do n't need to train the shield compensation skills , so it 's much faster to get a t2 tank . 
  ishtar is a lot easier to fit now that processor overclocking rigs are available . 
  the enyo and ishkur are very strong gallente assault frigates . 
  the taranis is a very strong gallente interceptor . 
  even the ares is n't terrible . 
  and of course in the pirate factions that use gallente pilot skills , the dramiel and daredevil are both strong . 
  oh , arazus are also good for sneaking up on people then pointing them from ridiculously far away . 
  also , i hear ccp will be buffing remote sensor damps next expansion , which will be neat . 
  nothing like pointing a ship from outside its own lock range . 
  recon v is a close second . 
  you can , however , make a ship impossible to scan without a bonused ship , or in a bonused ship but without virtues . 
  unless your targets are angel cartel or minmatar , then hammerhead iis . 
  a myrmidon with one or two drone damage amplifiers will deal about 65 % of its damage with drones . 
  as such , it does n't really matter what you put on . 
  put on whatever will fit after all your other modules , and do n't spend too much . 
  only blasters use null . 
  starbase defense management is the sort of skill that 's best put on an alt you can logoff in the pos . 
  little-known fact : amarr medium drones do less damage than gallente small drones . 
  it 's perfectly acceptable to pay for a monthly plan then cancel your subscription . 
  you 'll still get your month playing time but wo n't be charged more . 
  immediately put all company shares in your own wallet . 
  do it now . 
  depending on the region , a vagabond is an effective belt rat ship , even when pvp fit , which it should be btw . 
  there 's also a rumour that it is n't stacking penalised , just like damage controls . 
  obligatory join fweddit post . 
  so fly with fweddit and get caldari loyalty points anyway . 
  the skins are confirmed . 
  the cel shader is not . 
  in fact , i think some of ccp 's art department would / wrists instead of losing control of which shader model that customers use . 
  but , tengus can off grid boost fine ... 
  just like a target painter ii , with the following differences :, 
  * uses a high slot, 
  * +1 tf to fit, 
  * 30gj vs 24gj to activate, 
  seems *** slightly *** good . 
  edit : i dub thee ` rat painters ' . 
  should have called it ` wheddit go ', 
  just like t2 reaction chains , the easiest way to make drugs with easy access to highsec is inside a class 1 wormhole . 
  i believe you meant * ratting carrier * stealth boost . 
  i will be very disappointed with you if you fit three rat painters on a moros . 
   edit : why do i always forget about muninns ? 
  everyone forgets about muninns , until they get a tengu infestation they need to clear out . 
  you 're probably correct , but the art department is a bit nazi about their visual style ... 
  capital escalation rapiers already run [ 3 painters/3 webs ] ( http://dontshootx.com/killboard/?a=kill_detail&amp;kll_id=6482 ) , do n't they ? 
  not according to a ` making of ' movie i saw on youtube . 
  she used to march around following the rest of the marines , since they had a two-week boot camp before filming started ( weaver , reiser and hope did n't go on the boot camp , which made it pretty easy for the other actors to shun them ), 
  call your pilot ` now secondary ' . 
  i do n't know about your fcs , but mine say something like this :, 
  * broadcasts zz_illililiiiliilili_zz *, 
  `` target is zed zed underscore - fuck it check your broadcasts . 
  secondary is that fucker in the rapier . '', 
  truly a master strategist . 
  he does n't even have drones v yet ... 
  i think any battleship is unrealistic at this point . 
  mining is n't too bad , but it 's pretty boring . 
  it 's what you do when you ca n't be assed doing anything else . 
  if you do manufacturing and research , you 'll spend a lot of time juggling materials and production slots , and checking the market to make sure what you 're making is still profitable . 
  it 's a lot more interesting , but sometimes you get all your ducks in a row and have nothing you can do for an hour . 
  which is when you get in a frigate and run courier missions , because that 's * still * more fun than mining . 
  i suspect its power will be halved by the time it hits tq . 
  so many ships have high slots they can spare for this , compared to the high level of contention for mid slots that constrains ships from ` e-war erryday ' . 
  cva is always relevant as spectators . 
  it * is * a lot of isk , gained very quickly . 
  5 trillion ( the very , very conservative minimum amount gained ) is $ 175000 worth of plex . 
  the true amount was likely a fair bit more . 
  navy cruises are pretty good if you do n't want to train all that time for 8 or 10 % damage . 
  t2 medium launchers and tops are still worth getting though , since you use t2 ammo more often . 
  sentry domi then save up for a sentry rattlesnake . 
  with 3 drone damage amplifiers those things are sick now . 
  black ops bombers generally do n't fit bombs . 
  logistics boats are actually the fastest way to get into an incursion-capable ship . 
  probably the cheapest option , too . 
  i got a lot of practice repping people during incursions , actually . 
  that way if i screw up , the only people who lose ships are strangers ... 
  rocket kestrel ? 
  or maybe a caldari navy hookbill .
