  since a lot of new players will start dota at the 1k-2k level ,, 
  maybe someone will find my thoughts on the hero useful to them . 
  ## the role of lich, 
  lich is best played as a lane support - he plays differently as safelane support compared, 
  to offlane support , but both are fine . 
  lich mid * can * work, 
  but is usually a last resort kind of deal when your draft has gone sideways badly . 
  lich does n't need a lot of farm to accomplish his goals . 
  all he needs is, 
  health regen for sustain on the map , since he eats lane creeps for mana . 
  everything after that is gravy . 
  that 's why he works as a position 5 support rather than needing items to function . 
  lich does well vs rightclick-heavy heroes , preferably not strength-based , so the nukes hurt more . 
  lich especially likes multiple melee rightclickers , because they group up . 
  lich does * not * like being ganked , so if your opponents choose spirit breaker , weaver , bounty etc , you, 
  are probably going to have a bad game . 
  choose ogre instead . 
  ## hero characteristics and gameplay, 
  lich has a decent move speed , but he 's quite frail . 
  positioning is very important on lich ,, 
  so you will learn better positioning by playing him ( the hard way ) . 
  aside from his nuke, 
  which is a bit short-ranged , his abilities allow you to sit back in fights ,, 
  so that 's where you should aim to be . 
  at early levels , lich 's small mana pool can be restricting because his nuke is mana-intensive ,, 
  and sometimes using his sacrifice might result in you wasting some of the mana it generates . 
  often you 'll end up doing nuke/nuke/sacrifice just to get the most value from sacrifice . 
  towards the mid game , you nuke people and slow them for your allies to kill , and use your ult to, 
  punish enemies that group up ( the classic scenario is 2 melee heroes attacking you or an ally - you ult and it keeps bouncing between them , killing them both . 
  note that the slows of your nuke and frost armour will make it even harder for them to delta split away from the bounces ), 
  in the late game , you 're too fragile to go toe to toe , so you frost armour your team , occasionally nuke anyone who comes into range , ult when there 's a definite teamfight ( or keep the threat of ult to deter diving ) , and use items like force and glimmer to save allies . 
  at all times , good ward placement will win you matches . 
  you do n't have an escape , so if you 're going to ward offensively , smoke up , preferably with someone else , drop wards in their jungle or behind towers you want to kill , get a pick off and teleport back to a lane to keep the pressure up . 
  ## starting items, 
  i generally follow [ torte delini 's guide ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=128882317 ) -, 
  tango , courier , rop , 2 wards , branch . 
  one ward can be given to the offlaner or mid ( ctrl-click the ward onto them ) . 
  keep one ward, 
  for the safe lane - it 's important to spot rotations with . 
  try not to leave your carry alone, 
  without a ward covering the rune or the river near their t1 - these are the two most common, 
  routes used to gank safelane . 
  here are [ some common spots ] ( http://devilesk.com/dota2/apps/interactivemap/?x=-2665&y=1240&zoom=1&neutralspawnboxes=true&observer=-5958,3211;-3285,4115;5703,-3254;2717,-3637;1841,-2766;-3569,3363&mode=observer ), 
  to ward against those ganks . 
  the ring of protection is for building into tranquils . 
  if do n't get harassed too much , then, 
  you can share any remaining tangos with your carry once you get the ring of regen . 
  as safelane support , lich works well to keep the lane from pushing , and harassing the offlaner, 
  with the goal of getting kills or running them out of regen . 
  if that 's not possible ( dual, 
  tanky offlaners , or an aggressive offlane ) , then you become defensive with frost armour on your carry . 
  since frost armour costs less mana than your nuke , you can be more choosy when using sacrifice ,, 
  especially when the lane is pushing hard . 
  when your t1 is busy killing creeps , it 's a lot, 
  safer for their offlaners to dive and kill you and your carry , and you probably lose the tower as well . 
  if you have to nuke their wave to push a bit before you sacrifice , then do it . 
  after that , you 're probably ready to spend some gold on small items . 
  some options are :, 
  * wards/sentries/smokes / dust/more tangos for your carry, 
  * wand ( you probably already got stick in lane if you needed it , so why not upgrade it ), 
  * wind lace ( very good positioning tool , and cheap ), 
  * bracer ( general + health when game is hard ), 
  in the offlane , you get to nuke a lot more . 
  pulling the lane back is still important , but, 
  you 're unlikely to worry about it pushing past your own t1 unless it 's a really competent safelane pair ( which is rarely ), 
  you need to ensure you have a tp scroll for rotations , especially once you get level 6 . 
  teleporting in and ulting a pair of enemies diving your safelane t1 is a good way to pay for the next item , 
  ## skill builds, 
  to start with , follow torte delini 's build . 
  it 's a solid skill build . 
  however , if you need to be defensive , you must deviate and pick up a level of frost armour after level 1 . 
  just bear in mind that autocast will interrupt what you 're doing , so do n't leave it on unless you like to do things like not getting nukes or ults off , or dying because you stopped to frost yourself while running away . 
  sacrifice keeps your mana up as well as providing a constant stream of xp . 
  use it on ranged creeps at the start of the game to deny the most xp to the offlaners . 
  after a while your mana needs become greater , so you may need to eat the occasional melee creep . 
  siege creeps are great to eat , since they 're a lot of gold denied and lots of mana regained . 
  i usually eat the 7 minute catapult . 
  after that , it depends whether you 're pushing or not . 
  ## talents, 
  l10 : move speed vs +125 hp . 
  go for health if you have wind lace , or move speed if you built want/bracer . 
  personally , i take health a lot because i 'm usually fast enough with tranquils + wind lace . 
  l15 : -3 s frost blast cooldown vs +125 range . 
  ( cooldown is relatively new ) good if you have someone to tank for you or you have a big mana pool ( arcanes or lens or something ) . 
  go range if you do n't have that , for safety . 
  l20 : +120 gold/min vs +150 damage . 
  i rarely take the gold because i usually have everything i need . 
  i tend to take the damage so i can chip away at buildings or get in the occasional hit in fights ( i do n't go * seeking * to rightclick , but opportunities happen ), 
  l25 : skadi effect vs +35 frost armour on buildings . 
  classic offensive vs defensive pick . 
  the frost armour bonus is really legit if you need it . 
  ## itemisation, 
  after you pick up some early items , you need to decide what to build next . 
  some common options are :, 
  * urn . 
  a cheap item with a bit of health and mana regen . 
  good sustain when your team is doing a lot of fighting relatively early ( before mek would come online ), 
  * drums of endurance . 
  a cheap item , usually bought because you already have wind lace + bracer . 
  good for when game is hard .
