  in the ocean . '', 
  a contract set to the group would be a good alternative . 
  i mean , giving someone a one time access to a corp hangar just means ctrl a , move to personal hangar . 
  oooh , nice . 
  to be fair , it was some dickhead manager inside qld health who had mates at ibm , it 's not as if bligh personally oversaw the project . 
  it must royally suck to visit your grandparents and discover they 've signed up to add vinyl cladding to their house for the seventh time in two months : /, 
  the easy bits are already handled by autopilot . 
  the hard bits are so rare that it 's pointless ( or unfeasibly expensive ) to automate any time soon . 
  so just drop a faction component assembly array and achieve material parity again . 
   i told greyscale that the `` push butan receive bacon '' industrial crowd who want to be able to spreadsheet the absolute optimal process and then do that forever without having to think about it would go mental about his proposed ideas . 
  this is because , at root , few things make people angrier than being forced to think about something . 
  even people who do n't mind thinking about stuff will go fucking mental if they 're made to do it by some outside agency . 
   i also told him that if he bottled out and half-assed this that i 'd fucking find him . 
   i 'm cheerfully prepared to admit that i did n't and still do n't know enough about industry to be able to definitely say that this will make eve better . 
  i have a vague gut feeling that it will . 
  but if i 'm to be absolutely honest my real motivation was a gigantic reservoir of long-bottled rage against humanity caused by nearly a decade of working on tech support lines to the general public for a variety of pc peripherals . 
  the sheer sullen mongoloid hostility to actually using their brains has deeply scarred my outlook on humanity . 
   well get bumfucked by a splintery telephone pole covered in chilli paste and fire ants , humanity , because crius is due in less than 3 weeks . 
   have fun and yours in christ and sleep well ,, 
   malcanis, 
  [ source ] ( http://failheap-challenge.com/showthread.php?17117-devblog-principles-of-industry-in-eve-online&amp;p=1117455&amp;viewfull=1#post1117455 ), 
  the faction one is ten percent less material cost for capital components . 
  do n't forget spinning in a circle until woozy . 
  why not ? 
  null sec gets 10 % more minerals reprocessed than low sec , but you get 10 % less minerals used than they do . 
  source ? 
  please do , i have a dread that might need reprocessing into 2 dreads worth of components , 
  i had similar luck with my current consultancy/recruiting house . 
  they got me a number of roles that i 'd never have had the opportunity to apply for because they were n't publicly advertised . 
   why are recruitment agencies allowed to keep the name of the company they are sending you too ? 
  because they make their money keeping clients and job seekers apart until they judge it 's the right time . 
  that 's what i like about my current group ; they 're up-front about who i 'd be working for . 
  no , this table should remain flipped . 
  hey now , hitler did do some good things . 
  for instance , he was the guy who killed hitler . 
  ganking corp you say ? 
  http://evemaps.dotlan.net/alliance/code . 
  i do n't care how much isk a plex is worth . 
  to me it represents a month of playing time , so my small stockpile is valued in those terms . 
  tiny nymphomaniacs . 
  i can get behind that . 
  control as in i am the ceo or control as in i own this system , trespassers must die ? 
  the prime minister [ recently said ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/australia/comments/29riwl/tony_abbott_says_australia_benefited_from_foreign/ ) that the reason australia got so much foreign investment was because of terra nullius , which was about seven steps back for reconciliation . 
  my great grandma always said she was from southern spain and had moorish blood . 
  only found out two years ago that she was one of the stolen generation and was an indigenous australian . 
  * ccp greyscale pops into the thread . 
  `` what if capital tractor beams could move asteroids ? 
  just a thought . '', 
  * greyscale flies away *, 
  it will probably end up in the map as well . 
  let 's put it this way . 
  once , i had an industry alt . 
  now i have an industry main and a pvp alt . 
  is this for sale to alliance ? 
  that 's probably the best bet if you have access to null sec stations . 
  minmatar roleplaying ? 
  you should check out [ ushra khan ] ( http://evemaps.dotlan.net/alliance/ushra'khan ) . 
  no , just in-game . 
  not sure what happened to ushrakhan.com, 
  minmatar stations get bonuses to refining ore , so if you have refining skills , you can eke out 10 % or more minerals from each batch . 
  heck , if it 's cheap , you might be able to import compressed ore from empire . 
  honourable bi-querious third parties . 
  oh , you can get a bit of mileage from the song of solomon . 
  i love the ui elements in that movie . 
  note : this movie was made well , * well * before we got circular target locks and the focus lines that are used in tutorials . 
  definitely station . 
  even a small tower is 90m isk/month , which you ca n't afford because you 're spending all your isk on blueprints . 
  unless you join an established industrial corp with a blueprint library , that is . 
  imagine the wrapper from a roll-up ... 
  at the very least , buy a plex . 
  having one stashed away is important for when your subscription lapses and you need to get back in the game . 
  in factional warfare , you do get loyalty points , and the strikes recharge every three minutes during a battle so you can rack up some decent income . 
  there are a few channels for each faction where dusties write their system when they enter a battle so you have a few minutes to decide whether you 'll get there in time or not . 
  might have to ask in militia chat about it . 
  in planetary conquest mode , you need to be in the attacking or defending alliance so that 's harder to get into . 
  from what i understand of alliance politics , you ca n't plan to take over eve without some sort of barbecue . 
  more friends = bigger barbecue . 
  remember that the skills needed for strip miner crystals are also the ones used in refining , so you can actually segue like so :, 
  miner -  professional refiner of other people 's ore -  general manufacturer, 
  in addition , compressed ore is a great way to transport the huge amount of minerals needed for capital ship production , so those refining skills may come in handy in a year 's time . 
  nobody forced him to join . 
  presumably someone tried to plug it in but already had an implant , so they cancelled , and it stayed unpacked . 
  it 's a bridging ship , who cares ? 
  fit with cargo expanders and a covert cyno so they can be bridged back , whatever . 
  tldr ;, 
  * talk shit, 
  depends what you 're doing , i guess . 
  the techs i know from adf transition fine , because they have valuable skills . 
  the soldiers , not so much with the valuable skills . 
  i think the more salient point is , how do we effectively prevent the police ~ ~ service ~ ~ force from becoming just * another * of those groups of the strong abusing the weak ? 
  well , there 's probably a few jobs up north culling pest animals , and there 's always that ex-sniper who [ saves endangered animals ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_anti-poaching_foundation ) . 
  if push comes to shove , personal training , 
  so , uh , what plans do you have to provide something for a noob straight out of e-uni to do ? 
  do you have a c1 for your noob corp or something ? 
  i do n't believe we 've hit peak trainer yet , but we 'll probably reach it sooner than peak barista . 
  if so , we 'll just export them to countries in need of them . 
  that 's nowhere * near * enough notice : /, 
  `` echo chamber '', 
  also , in the settings on the market screen , change it so your own orders show up as highlighted ; makes it a lot easier to work out what 's going on . 
  personally , i like eft format , but it would be nice to parse the item names and link them to somewhere .
