  this news does n't contradict his assertion . 
  http://eve-offline.net/?server=tranquility has its ip address . 
  $ ping 87.237.38.200, 
  ping 87.237.38.200 ( 87.237.38.200 ) : 56 data bytes, 
  36 bytes from ix-12-0-0-3045 . core4.ldn-london . as6453.net ( 195.219.67.242 ) : communication prohibited by filter, 
  4 5 00 5400 a24e 0 0000 2e 01 a993 192.168.1.106 87.237.38.200, 
  request timeout for icmp_seq 0, 
   mines can now only be seen by combat fabricators and advanced combat fabricators, 
  that 's a welcome change , although it would be nice to have fabricators also see them . 
  not annotated with dates though . 
  it did n't show up , no . 
  port hedland has only a small amount of land not prone to flooding . 
  that 's why they made an entire other town on the next closest piece of high ground called south hedland . 
  she had fewer fuck ups in her entire term than the abbott government made just in their first two weeks . 
  20k is more than enough to buy shares . 
  the minimum is probably only a couple hundred bucks . 
  depending on which state or territory , it 's about 6 months . 
  you know that rent in hedland was 7000/month for a while there , right ? 
  everyone who could fifo was already doing so , but they still needed to sleep somewhere when they were working . 
  it 's actually a close thing between doing fifo from perth to hedland , or doing fifo from bali . 
  hedland is 420km from the mines . 
  it 's a port . 
  the architect who designed south hedland committed suicide . 
  who knew that a design suited for germany would be terrible int the outback ? 
  well , yeah . 
  he * would * say that , since it 's good for him . 
  i learned to touch type purely for irc and chat programs . 
  i just needed an incentive . 
  try eve isk per hour then . 
  also , because consultants do n't get paid on days they do n't turn up . 
  but did he * shirt * front the media ? 
  not sure . 
  i have always been paye because my contracts are usually six months . 
   i 'm going to try and keep this post as short and to the point as possible . 
  insert comment about cultural cringe . 
  or bat guano . 
  i mean , sure , it 's a way to make something useful ( fertiliser ) but there are alternative methods of making its , that make it just not really worth seeking out new deposits to mine . 
  five years is an opening position . 
  it will be watered down soon enough . 
  a small cap booster should be sufficient though . 
  skiff , although i 'm working my way up to a rorqual . 
  what the hell kind of sort settings are your sell orders on ? 
   laugh, 
  well , someone certainly will be , and i do n't think it will be you . 
  in our case , you can buy temporary membership to get in , provided you do n't live nearby . 
  usually it 's stabs in the back , not party in the back . 
  oh , do people still do that ? 
  ubank runs on an upgraded bank platform that is n't common in australia . 
  source : am developing against that same platform . 
  port hedland had a iron ore to iron brick plant that used natural gas as a reducing agent . 
  they ended up shutting it down because iron is a lot slower to put into ships so it actually reduced their income per day . 
  also the plant kept blowing up and killing people . 
  since 2009 , so it probably was still him . 
  yeah , bhp hbi plant . 
  the best ship is ... 
  tech 2 weapons means tech 2 capital ammo . 
  i do n't think ccp is ready to open that can of worms . 
  oh , null xl would be a sight to behold as well . 
  null does n't fit in rails . 
   if your unvaccinated kid gives a vaccine preventable disease to another kid , and that kid dies , you 've effectively committed murder without consequences . 
  without intent to kill , it 's manslaughter or less . 
  absolutely . 
  after all , about 1 % of the population have sociopathic tendencies , and hardly any of them are serial killers . 
  many of them lead fulfilling lives as ceo of a major company , or in the finance industry . 
  the underlying mental issue is not an indication that someone will offend , so they should n't be tarred with the same brush if they are genuinely trying to avoid doing the wrong thing . 
  when i got my mortgage , it was a toss up between mortgage choice and echoice . 
  the mc guy was way more desperate , the ec guy was n't paid on commission just a salary so he was a lot more chill about the whole thing . 
  i ended up going with them . 
  your mileage may vary . 
  it was quite a few years ago and probably not in the same local area as you . 
  ceos are between 4x and 14x more likely to be a sociopath compared to the general population , depending on which study you read . 
  failheap has a private eve server running emu from way back when the source code leaked . 
  feel free to post there . 
  i was all australian stocks for a long time . 
  just recently put 50k into the us via vanguard and will likely work on shoring up my international exposure from now on until it reaches about 35 % . 
  tldr jupiter is an epic failed star . 
  `` where you left it , dickhead '', 
  your mobile does this as well , if you turn on the option in google now . 
  virgin cut all fuel surcharges a few months back . 
  it 's pretty much just qantas still doing it . 
  they 'll never live down those blue ties . 
  well , pi in high sec may be low yield , but i guess it 's still primary production so you 're creating value from nothing and it 's all profit . 
  note , however , that just because you produced it does n't mean it 's * free * . 
  it still has value , you just defer its sale until the t2 item is sold , instead . 
  the big change is dropping to 5 missions for 13th , 14th and 15th of february . 
  i might have an actual hope of getting them . 
  something something $ 60 000 scholarship . 
  on the other hand , it 's trivially easy to buy it . 
  eskimos got their vitamin d from fish oil . 
  presumably the icelanders have access to pill technology . 
  no , this is the tweets in * comments * bot . 
  it 's different . 
  well , then , they * definitely * have capsule technology . 
  sham pain . 
  i do n't think it was retrospectively , so no news stories surfaced . 
  we 're the only g20 country with an uluru though , and that 's the important thing . 
  which will be october . 
  aww yiss, 
  mother fucking myrmidons . 
  you might be lucky , ca n't remember if it 's a yearly promotion or once every six months .
