  * 4kt shield extender ( was : large ), 
  * ** 8kt shield extender ** ( new ), 
  etc, 
  i have no idea what you mean, 
  personally i 'd run 75mms across the board . 
  carry a few types of ammo ( antimatter , iron , lead ), 
  aside from that it looks fine . 
  the shield extender obviously does n't have the sustain that a shield booster has , but it 's also easier on the capacitor . 
  you might consider using a small capacitor booster + a shield booster or armour repairer if you find you need more sustainability during long missions . 
  it eats up your cargo hold but rails do n't use much ammo anyway . 
  open market screen , find ` orders ' tab , right click -  cancel, 
  or modify the order price so they sell ( minimum fee 100 isk ) , whichever you want . 
  to be honest most of your damage will come from drones so what you put in your high slots is n't so important . 
  no need to contort your fit for larger guns . 
  aim for tech 2 small drones , they 're so so good . 
  just try not to lose them . 
  or maybe they knew that the rift would launch with an xbox controller . 
  art department is always the bottle neck . 
  addendum : try to notice when you got de warded . 
  also shield extender rigs are expensive but shield resistance rigs are cheap . . that 's mostly useful for pve though . 
  no sven ? 
  well often it 's a good idea to plug your lowest resist hole , especially for shields . 
  it 's a trade off between across the board hp vs not being wrecked if your opponent can capitalise on your resistances . 
  oh , nab seems pretty decent , if i had to pick one . 
  they did a capital raising so they have a bit of reserve , ubank seems to be doing okay as well . 
  source : work at a bank , but not nab . 
  you 're still paying the price for mccarthyism . 
  we have two entire political parties on the left ; you have , what , bernie sanders ? 
  i tried it . 
  ca n't say i 'm a fan . 
  yes . 
  happened to me . 
  cheese was probably by accident . 
  water bags made from animal bladders were a thing . 
  if you instead put milk in it , it will turn into cheese practically by itself . 
  so basically , they picked up too many new investment loans in the last year and apra said `` pause until your average drops back to 10 % / year '', 
  maybe they 're super serious about pausing their numbers . 
  do you use your lead to take towers ? 
  start with baumi and purge . 
  blockade runners can be bridged with a black ops , so there 's that . 
  you can reach half of syndicate from high sec . 
  black ops battleships can bridge anything with a covert ops cloak . 
  so , say you have a blockade runner with a gila in it that you want moved to catch . 
  you meet with your friendly bobs , someone lights a cyno in catch ( preferably covert ops cyno so it does n't show in local , but does n't have to be ) and you right click on the black ops and take the bridge safely to nullsec . 
  the way back is trickier , since you ca n't light a cyno in high sec , so you 'll need a second black ops to bridge back to 1 jump outside of high sec ( or slow boat back , or take a wormhole ), 
  bots are set up for a bunch of different subreddits . 
  each bot analyses the subreddit and generates a list of phrases commonly seen in comments and posts in that sub ( read up on markov chains for more details ), 
  then , the bot strings together those random phrases , and submits them to / r/subredditsimulator as a ` plausible representation ' of the particular subreddit it 's tracking . 
  medallion is a good pick up . 
  cheap , mana regen , armour and a zero cost support item for saving allies or debuffing enemies while invisible . 
  just ign things, 
  can you explain the reasoning behind a midas on alchemist ? 
  yeah they 're near the camera house across from queens plaza now . 
  still good selection and , more importantly , good recommendations . 
  wow only 3 . 
  how low are we talking about ? 
  because you can rat in a frigate in high sec . 
  heck , you could probably rat in a rookie ship . 
  so , tell me what ship you 're currently in and i can make some suggestions . 
  yeah , but she can kiss a visa goodbye with that unpaid debt over her head . 
  you can ; that 's something that 's always available . 
  your scanner can also pick up cosmic anomalies which often have hidden npc pirate bases . 
  duel is very short range , you need blink or shadow blade . 
  the latter is good if you plan to get silver edge to disable passive abilities , otherwise blink . 
  treads is best . 
  you will need a damage item , most people go blade mail ( vs right clicks ) or armlet ( pure gank ) or if you can wait that long , desolator . 
  if you are snow balling you wo n't need raw damage so look for other effects such as bash or slow so you can apply right click damage effectively . 
  oh and you 'll probably need a black king bar after blink if the opponents have disables . 
  lc is often mana constrained , so you will need a soul ring or , ideally a bottle . 
  i suspect that the corporation & mail features will be shared with eve and dust . 
  it makes no sense to reimplement it when all the infrastructure is in place already . 
  heck , after dust , there 's even nice crest interfaces written for all that stuff . 
  i * wish * we would walk away : /, 
  no , that checks out . 
  + / u/user _ simulator serpentinelogic, 
  also , exploration is actually interesting and exciting . 
  mythbusters rates this as : plausible . 
  did n't work in safari . 
  did work on chrome 4 mac . 
  having nbn helped too . 
  foxfour confirmed to be red , hot , poker . 
  dust allows corporation creation , recruitment and tax rate adjustment , but a lot of the more exotic settings are still only available to eve-side ceos ( alliance creation , etc ), 
  stop resting on your laurels . 
  system defence is a constant process . 
  if you have a cloaked ship in your system , act accordingly , do n't give up and whine . 
  not everyone, 
  probably a mazda 2 or equivalent small car . 
  yes , assuming you keep your current expenditure . 
  at this stage , better to ask in / r/valkyrie, 
  it 's on . 
  still no dice . 
  dust manages 16 vs 16 well . 
  of course you can switch which channel your voice goes to , so usually you 're just talking to the rest of the 6 man squad , or even just the other 4 with your squad leader being on team comms . 
  its the same as t2 , but overheats better . 
  i think you meant overwhelming odds . 
  it helps that she shouts out her abilities when you activate them, 
  would glimmer cape be balanced if it was n't transferable to someone else ? 
  why not ? 
  it 's not as if you can take them out and sell them . 
  they 're worth what you paid for them , or zero , depending on your opinion .
