  yeah , be thankful you lost thirty bucks , and not a condo in florida . 
  it 's a lot easier than it would have been pre crius, 
  why not join an existing rental alliance ? 
  probably cheaper . 
  university friends go on linkedin so you can keep track of them professionally . 
  i never said to keep track of them so you can work * with * them , just so you know where they are . 
  like ankle bracelets on parolees . 
  government monopolies are okay , because if they 're shit , they lose votes . 
  the only two rules of government owned corporations are :, 
  * make a profit, 
  * do not piss off voters . 
  that 's not their call to make , it 's their owner 's call . 
  yes , thank you ender . 
  take a seat next to neo . 
  what , with the internet reforms and the carbon reforms and the disability reforms ? 
  i do n't think you 're making your point , champ . 
  i have a macbook pro . 
  i 'm worried that changing any eve setting would set it on fire . 
  it 's pretty close already . 
  check the side bar . 
  like the scene in * 300 * . 
  `` this . 
  * boot *, 
  sure , unless it 's 4th edition . 
  the irritating thing is that even when he has the right opinion , he gets it from wrong assumptions . 
  extractor goes to storage ( or space port if you do n't use silos , which is fine for low yield planets ) . 
  all factories should pull from storage and route their products back to storage . 
  this is to buffer overflow if you run out of a particular p1 and your advanced factory stops producing . 
  factories pull from their sources in large chunks , so do n't worry about the large bandwidth , it 's only twice per hour . 
  as far as setup goes , i like four planets each producing one p1 , and one planet turning that into p3 like so :, 
  but if you want to squeeze in some p2 on each planet to cut down on volume of the final product and extend the time needed between exports , then feel free . 
  lawyers do n't see it that way , otherwise murderers would never be able to find a defense lawyer . 
  as someone who has lost stuff a few times , i 'm actually okay with corp thefts . 
  personal thefts are taken personally but anything given to a group is fair game . 
  nice flair , btw . 
  factories need to have their in and out routes set manually the first time , after which they grab what they need each cycle . 
  if they ca n't get all that they need , they 'll sit there with their inputs partially filled until they get a full batch , then run one cycle . 
  that looks fine , it 's just a list of all the routes into or out of the storage . 
  check the factories themselves to check that each has the correct inputs and outputs . 
  let 's just ask for a remote repair smart bomb and avoid all this distasteful locking on business . 
  if you right click a ship in isis or the market , does n't it show you the masteries associated with it ? 
  generally getting to mastery iii is a good goal . 
  he did n't ; it 's just something he likes to blurt out . 
  oh crop you just triggered a run dmc binge brb youtubing, 
  lord of the flairs . 
  it suits the eve mindset . 
  did i do that right ? 
  i 'm not sure how this works . 
  nice eve mon advert . 
  that owned him so hard they had to bring back slavery . 
  the infamous blue tint of death . 
  how could an insurance company operate when there 's no recourse to bad faith actions taken by their customers ? 
  two p1 to p2 of the type that i extract the most of , and one extra p2 to p3 . 
  i supplement with the two cheaper p1 ( or p2 ) from market to keep levels about equal . 
  more to the point , they can delete their character , or sell it . 
  dust battles affect how easy it is to capture faction warfare systems . 
  that 's about it for the moment , although signs indicate that ccp rattati and logibro have something up their sleeves . 
  why not buy 1 plex to sell , and subscribe for 6 months instead ? 
  wake up , svipul !, 
  that sounds like a * compelling * reason to buy their insurance , then . 
  or misguided support . 
  they were n't going to get much profit anyway . 
  nobody wants low quality thermal coal any more . 
  why would shorten jump in ? 
  he 'd be more inclined to say `` please continue , prime minister '' . 
  i do n't think you 've been paying attention , but adani is under a lot of financial pressure at the moment . 
  also , india has a fair bit of coal , they just have n't built the rail infrastructure yet . 
  i did this for a friend once . 
  we got a lawyer to draw up a contract stating the terms ( in my case it was ` at will ' in no term limit or interest payments , i 'd just call in the loan when he had the money ) . 
  it was n't for the trust issue , just in case one of us dies/marries and we need the paperwork . 
  yeah , for some reason a lot of loan types only go as low as 200 or 250k . 
  many factional specialization skill books come from faction warfare stores . 
  raw ice and compressed ice fit in ore holds though . 
  just do n't forget the support skills . 
  so , just an idle inquiry , i do n't suppose you left shares in the corp wallet by chance ? 
  is management at his work okay with it ? 
  i 'm guessing not , which means your dad will cop a lot of flak when this inevitably becomes public . 
  then his friend can pay you whatever he wants , provided you accept the job . 
  if he wants to pay you for some made up position that does n't need you to do anything , then he can . 
  note , however , that it will then be your money , not your dad 's . 
  maybe your dad can get share options or something that wo n't accrue tax until they 're cashed in . 
  i sense a pattern . 
  as expected . 
  rodney rude was a prophet . 
  `` queensland cops, 
  they get hot prostitutes to gobble their knobs '', 
   the region itself is considered -1.0 truesec ( for npcs ), 
  citation needed , because i 'm pretty sure you 're wrong . 
  why would he push for a better nbn ? 
  that would mean admitting making a mistake , which is just not likely to happen . 
  and if he let 's his successor change it , then that damages his standing while improving the other guys , which is also not cool with him . 
  `` never apologize . 
  never explain . '', 
  if you 're doing the solo bomber thing , crash is a must . 
  all the good dam sites are already taken . 
  it 's not so clear cut a choice . 
  tried contacting sporting wheelies ? 
  they use ots . 
  they do n't have much money , but you may be able to cut them a deal since all you really need is ahpra certified supervision . . . 
  there 's a store in anzac square near the tunnel to central station that sells sweets from all around the world .
