  ask them , just in case . 
  ca n't be more expensive than buying a fishing boat . 
  you do n't outsource that to your phone ? 
  what sort of person writes ` akf ' ? 
  3 lands in regular tron , vs * any * land if you have a conduit out . 
  i usually get rop for basilius first . 
  can always get shield at the side shop . 
  benching is when you refer to people rather than topics . 
  it could just be dry humour to understate things . 
  for instance , if an australian refers to someone as ' a bit of a bastard ' then that person is , in fact , the absolute king of bastardry . 
  we 're big down under tho . 
  the commonwealth of countries that beat britain in games she created . 
  nah you guys are cool . 
  you or your support would use the courier to ferry out recipes or a circlet to make a wand anyway , so it 's not unexpected . 
  we even look like steve irwin . 
  well * done * . 
  you could salary sac $ 1000/month and still be under the $ 30k cap . 
  however , you may have other things you 'd rather spend the money on , in which case that may not be prudent . 
  i see you play dust 514 ... 
  that 's a kick in the nuts . 
  i mean , yeah , there was never any guarantee that secret code stuff would be somehow exclusive , but there 's not exactly a big enough market to cope with those skins being given out as freebies . 
  different teams . 
  chill . 
  just like moroccan spice has no actual moroccans in it . 
  or , you know , looking at faces . 
  if you 've ever lived in a disadvantaged or remote community , you 'd know that lower-income people do n't drink a lot of milk ; it 's relatively expensive , and needs refrigeration that may not be available . 
  the two most-commonly consumed liquids are :, 
  * water, 
  * soda, 
  of the two , water is the easiest to add fluoride to - even in remote communities you can simply throw some tablets into the water tank when you refill it . 
  ironically , people in the himalayas are at high risk of iodine deficiency . 
  there 's a school of thought that iodised salt is one of the cheapest ways to boost the standard of life of countries at risk ( like central asia , the middle of africa etc ) due solely to raising the iq of the residents by a statistically-significant amount . 
  edit : oh wait , that 's literally in the article . 
  i have high hopes that 3d printers will fix this issue . 
  til that i am step 3 . 
  nothing unexpected , but not bad . 
  would have liked a bit more discussion about how much capital gain you 'd need for the negative gearing to be ` worth it ' . 
  that y axis scale though :(, 
  i have on occasion dominated catapults just so i get more chance at denying when they push my tower . 
  but seriously , scientific notation for isk :(, 
  seriously , how would you even eat [ potato wedges ] ( http://www.taste.com.au/recipes/13937/spicy+potato+wedges+with+sour+cream ) with the skin off ? 
  in the olden days ( like , 1970s or earlier ) , the reusable milk bottles that the milkman delivered were washed with an iodine solution to sterilise them . 
  apparently just the residue was actually enough to get your recommended dietary intake . 
  ( obviously did n't help for non-industrialised countries - presumably they 'd get it from beans or or potato skins or whatever ), 
  people who do n't eat a lot of seafood and cut back on their salt intake may be at risk , just like people who do n't go outside often are at risk of vitamin d deficiency even in a sunny country . 
   sorry if this is not allowed as a promotion or something , just thought i 'd share . 
  the heuristic is < 10 % self-serving promotional stuff . 
  reddit wants its community base to be active participants , not marketing push recipients . 
  just a side effect . 
  currently we know about, 
  * rift, 
  * playstation vr, 
  no news about the vive ( save that oculus-exclusives like valkyrie are about where you buy the game rather than which headset can run the game ) . 
  either way , ccp has n't given any hint that they support vive on release . 
  they 're the best of what 's left . 
   heaps of people on here did n't know a vaccine for this even existed, 
  which is why the doctor or midwife or whoever talks to you about vaccinating your children will tell you that . 
  provided you listen , of course . 
  brussels sprouts are very prone to going bitter when overcooked , so maybe you 're right . 
  so , they 're 100 % covered by ato ? 
  so only if i buy the funds * from the us * do i have to worry about that ? 
  if it 's a conscious choice , it 's a big sacrifice , since you ca n't recurse it with ruins . 
  yeah , sadly the wing-commander style sp campaign got cut ( or maybe deferred to a dlc , i dunno ), 
  so you know that it 's more like oculus vs steam than vive vs rift . 
  fair enough . 
  hey , has ccp released any info about matchmaking , especially ranked ? 
  this is the correct way . 
  * being polite, 
  * not enabling impoliteness, 
   written by william shakespeare, 
  oh , you 're at solfar . 
  it might make a difference for initial buy ins though . 
  $ 50k of vas via nabtrade is $ 55, 
  $ 50k of vas via ~ ~ ib ~ ~ optionsxpress is $ 11.67 , and it gets even cheaper if it 's something expensive like vts . 
  and if you plan to pvp spend the money on a * cheap * set of implants . 
  i rate it about the same chance as dust514 on pc . 
  not zero , but not soon . 
  updated post . 
  vexor -  vexor navy issue -  ishtar, 
  i do n't think you fully grasp the immaturity of this tech . 
  the rift and the vive do n't just have different hardware ; one of them has sensors on the headset , and the other has sensors pointing * at * the headset . 
  expecting everyone to agree on a standard at this point is way premature ; they do n't even know what * even works * yet . 
  i find it interesting that the lowest-paid jobs are paid hourly wages , then middle-income jobs are salary , then consultants and other professionals go back to hourly charge-out rates . 
  really ? 
  i get 75 % of my charge out rate . 
  i thought that was fairly standard . 
  but it 's still 50 bucks for a 50k trade . 
  also known as boston capital etc. 
  index funds allow you to diversify your risk instead of risking picking a loser . 
  they are often used as the bedrock of an investment strategy . 
  there 's a few . 
  vanguard is the largest , and arguably the lowest management fees , but there are a [ number of companies ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_australian_exchange-traded_funds ) that offer index funds of all types . 
  ideally , an index fund 's yield is ( yield_of_index - management_fees ) , so lower fees is pretty good . 
  from that page , you can see that vanguard vts fund has 0.05 % management fees , which is very good , and the index tracks ` basically the us stock market ' which is a desirable thing to have as part of your investment portfolio . 
  so the idea is that you can buy these index funds ( just like shares , since they 're exchange-traded funds - i.e. 
  etfs ) and instead of needing to buy a couple of dozen individual stocks and keep track of them , you can pursue a lazier investment strategy of `` well i 'll put half my money in the us etf , and 30 % into a rest-of-world etf , and 20 % into this domestic asx200 etf and check up on it every year '' ( note that these ratios are pulled out of my hat , but i would n't cry myself to sleep if my investment split ended up being that ), 
  one down side to etfs is that broker fees mean you ca n't just invest $ 100 at a time - generally people will invest in chunks of $ 2000-5000 , so if you end up going the etf route , you 'll realistically have to choose a single fund with that $ 2000 . 
  ( assuming you * already * have an emergency buffer of cash in a high-interest savings account - you do n't want to invest , then have to pull the money out 3 months later because your car broke down and you need the cash to fix it ), 
  losing a bit of money is fine , it helps you understand that yes , risk is a real thing that must be managed . 
  i have actually lost massive amounts investing in single stocks ( like , $ 5000 -  $ 50 kind of deal , more than once ) and i basically decided that from then on , no more than 5 % of my portfolio would be in individual shares because i appear to be super bad at picking them .
