  some people love beaches , in which case brisbane/gold coast is an option . 
  others like the cooler climate and nature so choose hobart . 
  some people are crazy and choose darwin . 
  melbourne is the most like portland , if that 's what you like . 
  2 ) personally , i 'd rent for the first year or two . 
  you need time to understand what the suburbs in your city are like , without pressure . 
  also , you might want to consider not transfer all that savings into australia . 
  it 's a small domestic investment market , and a lot of us invest in international stocks and indexes , so there 's temporal risks by turning usd into aud , then investing in us stocks . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  if you want to , can you elaborate on why you 're selling ? 
  like , do you need the money to spend on something , or are you worried about too many eggs in one basket and want to invest some of it elsewhere , or you 're concerned about the company itself and want to dump the stock ? 
  in the first case , then it 's pretty simple : sell it all , get the cash . 
  if you have a human broker , tell them , or if you want , open up an online broker account , transfer the shares to them , and sell them yourself . 
  ( i used to have a human broker but i much prefer doing it myself online , because fuck waiting around for no reason ), 
  in the second case , then you still sell the shares , but you want investment advice . 
  i have good news and bad news . 
  bad news is we literally can not advise you on what to invest because laws etc. 
  good news is we can provide you with links , examples and stuff that is n't advice . 
  for instance , the last share purchase i made was for the stock vgs . 
  you might want to look into it and work out why i would have done that . 
  we 're happy to answer any questions you have . 
  i have ip insurance because i saw what happened to a relative who did n't have it , and who is now tpd . 
  life has not been kind . 
  if you search this sub for your lazy uncle 's guide to investing , that 's a good primer for the kind of thinking that prevails in this sub . 
  there are vocal opponents , of course , and i caution you with this [ famous quote ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/homo_unius_libri ) . 
  as far as transitioning to an online broker , i created an account , then downloaded some forms where they asked how many shares i owned , and what was the hin number of the holding , and a few days after i mailed them , they showed up . 
  which online broker ? 
  well , that 's another discussion , but you can search on this subreddit because it usually comes up once a month or so . 
  i rate lower any broker that does n't have chess sponsorship , but that really only matters for shares on the asx , so if you want to buy lots of individual stocks in international exchanges , that might not be a deal-breaker for you . 
  ip insurance is tax-deductible too , which is nice . 
  it 's a kick in the pants if you 're under employed though . 
  you are now barely above minimum wage when you start paying it off . 
  ah , that explains the low crime rate in the usa . 
  not, 
  settle down , dutuerte, 
  mana drain and stun, 
  it does n't really matter . 
  what matters is showing that you 're competent , which in computer science is pretty easy . 
  answer questions on stackoverflow , write code and put on github , get work experience during the christmas break , host some stuff on aws , go to meet ups etc. 
  shares are n't capital stable . 
  that makes it difficult to invest for short terms because you can not let it ride until they recover . 
  i hesitate to mention it , but putting money into rate setter or equivalent instruments might be better yield , but if the australian housing market drops , it becomes very risky to get your money out , at exactly the time you need it to buy a house . 
  if there was a way to do p2p lending for international markets then it might be a better idea . 
  keeping it in a * good * high interest savings account is the prudent approach . 
  just make sure the second bank is n't owned by the first bank . 
  i do n't think it needs a specialist . 
  a book keeper should be up to the task . 
  there 's a point to be made that a * good * managed fund might be more appropriate than direct share investment at this point in op s journey , i do n't believe the capital gains tax thing is anything to worry about . 
  if you get incomes from shares , it 's taxed . 
  if you sell shares , you 're taxed on the gains . 
  at the end of the day , if you want to sell those shares , you take the hit and move on . 
  pocketbook and ynab do this . 
  yes . 
  you also need to check whether your investments have drifted away from your target ratios and rebalance them yearly . 
  i save 50 % of my take home . 
  the rest pays for everything , with a bit left over . 
  technical proficiency is necessary , but not sufficient to put you on top of the heap . 
  idk it 's a hard choice . 
  having a guy around means you get hassled a lot less , but then you risk problems with the guy . 
  in small communities , not everyone has the opportunity to bag a decent partner ( that they 're not related to ), 
  he fits in so he does n't need to fuck off . 
  euro vision ashes tour . 
  maybe it 's really big . 
  maybe building things in the middle of nowhere , using building materials from hundreds of km away , hiring builders from far away costs a lot of money . 
  maybe it 's maybelline, 
  not really an * advantage * per se . 
  an employee will be lucky or unlucky , and have employment or not . 
  it 's all or nothing . 
  a freelancer has many clients , so if 40 % of his clients are doing it tough , there goes 40 % of his income . 
  look at the asset mix of some popular super funds , and managed funds e. g . what etf ratios the vanguard funds use . 
  imo it 's more important to decide on an asset mix , * then * buy indexes to suit that mix . 
  tip : probably would have been prudent to record your conversation with the cops when you raised your complaint ( and start doing it from now on ) . 
  a lot of `` he said , she said '' bullshit goes away when you have evidence . 
  ok , so you 're going to need aud for your trips home , but that 's about it right ? 
  so , maybe keep some in the hisa , and some in shares with drp and let the rest accumulate . 
  when/if the hisa account gets low , stop the drp so you fill it up again . 
  given those laws , you 'll need to work out whether it 's better to keep your investments offshore ( i.e. 
  in australia ) or not . 
  it might be prudent not to renounce australian citizenship until you get concrete advice about that - you might get your super early , but pay dearly for it in the long run . 
  i guess that 's a complicated situation, 
  queensland is a [ one-party recording state ] ( http://www.legalaid.qld.gov.au/find-legal-information/personal-rights-and-safety/privacy-and-identity/privacy#recordingprivateconversations ) . 
  * okay : if you 're in a conversation and record it for personal use . 
  * okay : not telling the other person you 're recording, 
  * * not * okay : recording conversations you 're not in, 
  * * not * okay : sharing your own recordings ( except with consent , or as part of legal proceedings etc etc ), 
  just remember that the us has weird laws around sometimes having to pay us tax whether you live there or not . 
  not a huge issue with australia , because any us tax you pay is taken off any australian tax you pay , but you 'll have to check the tax arrangements between nl and us . 
  at the end of the day , i suggest that * investments * be held in one of the countries you have citizenship in , just for simplicity 's sake . 
  non-investments ( e.g. 
  spending money ) can be kept anywhere . 
  also if you end up picking up a non-it job , you can still keep it stuff on your resume by doing stints with companies [ like this ] ( https://crowdsprint.com/ ) etc during the weekends etc. 
  well , the cops are public servants doing their duty so i 'm not sure whether they * get * to say no . 
  and call centres say that the calls may be recorded , so that 's automatic consent on their side ( and you consent for them re record , otherwise you must hang up ), 
  so it 's less of an issue than you 'd expect ( but still * super * relevant between two private individuals ), 
  dutch fire sub is probably the best option to get info on foreign investment income from a dutch government perspective . 
  i 'm * incredibly * disappointed that you are n't responding with, 
   you 're welcome !, 
   in queensland , it 's not illegal to simply record a conversation you 're involved in ( * either over the phone * or face-to-face ) without the consent of the other people involved in the conversation , but there are restrictions on what you can do with the recording . 
  source : http://www.legalaid.qld.gov.au/find-legal-information/personal-rights-and-safety/privacy-and-identity/privacy, 
  short black .
