  it 's quite a modest proposal . 
  indeed . 
  they already abuse the sp system as it is ; at least if they 're hacking and counterhacking , they can be shot at . 
  of course it 's possible to cheat the system , especially when you 're thinking inside the box . 
  * start a rumour ( or have someone 's personal account closed down ), 
  * buy cheap bitcoins to sell later, 
  * hack into a rival exchange 's servers ( or claim to ), 
  * gain market share from them, 
  * create some shell companies to make press releases expounding that bitcoins are the way of the future, 
  * sell bitcoins at a higher price, 
  and that 's ignoring the purely technical market-based strategies available to people who know their way around quant-style trading systems . 
  real live markets have two things that the bitcoin market lacks :, 
  * rules, 
  * enforcement, 
  goon leadership competent at social engineering non shocker . 
  admired for inventing writing a long time ago . 
  that 's about it . 
  i think their tonal language would lenditself to puns , though . 
  you heard the man - pot keeps growing , alcohol does not . 
  even the ads awox you . 
  logistics suits generally do n't have sidearm slots . 
  amarr logistics carry sidearms . 
  otherwise , just train assault since the prerequisites are still basic frame 3 . 
  sooner or later you 'll end up with multiple racial suits trained anyway . 
  interestingly , ccp also claimed that postower changes were a lot of effort to bbenefit only a few people , but was roundly criticised for it . 
  he came to the right subreddit then . 
  poach the good members , kick for non participation . 
  it 's the customary process . 
  holding a grudge is the * only * thing in eve . 
  it 's operated by his regards llc incorporated in wisconsin . 
  so yes , it is owned by him . 
  yes , it happened to us last night on the rugby field . 
  train complex shield extenders now . 
  probably even before getting caldari logistics iii . 
  what does sid 's have to do with vaccination ? 
  the research i 've done suggests it 's often due to children smothering due to rolling on their front . 
  not to be a downer , but i have met some really good , and really bad child health nurses in the last five years . 
  correct . 
  incorrect . 
  yes . 
  nobody has ever accused the chinese government of being too small or not intrusive enough . 
  well if you ca n't trust doctors with vaccination side effects , you 're basically fucked and should move state or country , because you ca n't trust your kids health to anyone , and that includes in the delivery room . 
  no ticker ? 
  generally , shield suits run at least two complex shield extenders ( although i recall only being able to fit a single complex on my standard caldari frame ) , then round out the other high slots with damage modules , energizers or additional extenders , depending on their particular play style . 
  for instance , if you win one-on-one fights a lot , you 'll probably benefit from an energiser or recharger to get back into combat quicker . 
  if you lose them more often , then more extenders would be better . 
  generally , logistics suits only fit damage modules when they 're toting stand-off weapons such as mass drivers , where the additional damage is welcome but the chance of being overrun ( where having a sidearm is really useful ) is low . 
  in the low slots , one generally ends up with a combination of regulators ( which caldari logistics suits currently get a bonus to ) , a basic plate , and biotic upgrades to keep up with your squad mates when they make a dash between control points . 
  it 's rare to see a powergrid upgrade in their low slots , but a cpu upgrade is fairly common , especially when you start carrying advanced or prototype equipment . 
  so , go for complex shield extenders on an advanced caldari medium frame , then switch over when you train up caldari logistics iii . 
  next up seems to be north african . 
  there 's quite a few sudanese restaurants cropping up in brisbane . 
  in true convict fashion , we steal recipes from other countries and call it ` fusion ' . 
  check the team chat tab - if there 's a squad up with open slots , join it . 
  squadding up means access to squad ( voice ) chat , bonus war points when you follow squad orders , and your squad gets to drop bombardments if it does well . 
  get in a ( militia ) scout suit with a ( militia ) drop uplink , and a ( militia ) cardiac regulator if you can squeeze one in . 
  your task will be to provide a spawn point that 's a lot closer to the objectives , but is far enough from the action to hopefully last for a long time . 
  if you 're still alive , capture some control points and generally help out until you get shot or capture a supply depot to change suits . 
  get into a ( militia ) assault suit and link up with a group of friendlies . 
  be proactive in dispensing nanohives ; if you 're anything like me , you probably go through a lot of assault rifle ammunition anyway . 
  if you seem to be doing well in a front-line role , keep doing it , 
  if you feel that you 're better off in a support role , feel free to switch to a medic role . 
  you get a lot of war points by injecting blues who are down , and pub matches never seem to have enough of them . 
  be on the lookout for good places to put a second uplink . 
  you can only have one uplink of the same type active at a time ( at low levels ) , but militia uplinks and standard uplinks are different types so if you create two separate scout suits , you can deploy a militia uplink , then later in the match , switch to your standard uplink and deploy that as well . 
  / r/standingdesks, 
  i think you took a left at the first non-sequitur and went right on till morning . 
   why will a payment of up to $ 75,000 be different, 
  well , the obvious thing is that it 's more likely to go do a liberal voter 's household . 
  do n't get me wrong ; i 'm all for giving handouts to women to cover the cost of having a baby , but having it scale up based on her income sends the message that a rich family 's baby is worth more to society than a poor person 's baby , which is an * extremely * bad message to be sending . 
  i just go by urban spoon reviews . 
  why not get a black ops to bridge you from high sec and avoid half the trip ? 
  however , as theories go it 's not a big stretch . 
  i encountered a lot of nasty little people in student politics at university , and this is exactly the sort of underhanded stuff they would have jumped at if reddit existed then . 
  it 's not a new phenomenon either . 
  look at the kind of [ crap karl rove got up to ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/karl_rove#college_and_the_dixon_campaign_incident ) :, 
   in the fall of 1970 , rove used a false identity to enter the campaign office of democrat alan j. dixon , who was running for treasurer of illinois . 
  he stole 1000 sheets of paper with campaign letterhead , printed fake campaign rally fliers promising `` free beer , free food , girls and a good time for nothing '' , and distributed them at rock concerts and homeless shelters , with the effect of disrupting dixon 's rally . 
  ( dixon eventually won the election ) . 
  i only login once a month to plex my account , swap skills and feed the engines of manufacturing with more fuel , so playing time is n't really an issue . 
  yes , i know . 
  living the dream . 
  plus , of course , patch speculation . 
  if you 're not doing anything with that isk , may as well build a thousand procurers then wait a year for the price to go up 1000 % . 
  av grenades have very high dps , since you can toss all three very quickly compared to the swarm launcher 's mandatory lock-on/fire/wait for unlock/lock-on cycle . 
  then again , a swarm launcher player has the option of using flux grenades , which work well enough vs anything . 
  they 're probably not washed though . 
  does ecological = organic ? 
  it 's because basic plates are ridiculous . 
  if plates were 50 , 100 , 200 then there 'd be an actual difference between a dual tanked suit and an armor tanked suit . 
  actually if plates followed extenders it would be 66 , 100 , 300 . 
  the cost of a baby is not affected by how much their parents earn , so you have to ask yourself what is the reason behind offering some women more money to have kids compared to others . 
  * if it 's to compensate them for the job they give up , that logic is flawed . 
  unemployment benefits do n't scale - the government really does n't care much about opportunity costs as a rule , because it 's trivially easy to rort . 
  * if it 's to encourage them to get back into the workforce , then the research ( linked elsewhere in this thread ) suggests it does n't make a difference . 
  besides , give them the money when they actually go back , not beforehand . 
  * if it 's to encourage them to have babies in the first place , then that 's the kind of social eugenics that people love to hate . 
  besides , if you want more babies , why spend $ 50k on one baby when you can spend ten lots of $ 5k and get even more babies ? 
  or just get some skilled immigrants in , and skip straight to the `` taxpayer '' stage . 
  paid maternity leave is fine in principle , but if the government pays , it 's probably more prudent if it follows the same principles as unemployment benefits .
