  as opposed to hand over heart standing for the us national anthem ? 
  so how was that undergrad ? 
  you still seeing each other ? 
  the same for the various templar suits . 
  not sure , i think timers should be random anyway . 
  it 's not confirmed but that 's the way to bet . 
  there was a [ til the other day ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2418u3/til_that_scott_neeson_former_president_of_20th/ ) where the president of 20th century fox quit his job to set up the cambodian children 's fund . 
  shit is pretty real there . 
  you know a country is poor when people have to take out micro-loans to buy a quarter of a star picket so they can use it as the start of a business shelling coconuts . 
  the only silver lining is that it used to be a lot worse , and it 's improving . 
  okay , there 's another silver lining , i guess . 
  at least we wo n't be locking asylum seekers up for decades . 
  seeing dotlan integration would be great . 
  sure , why not . 
  it is , after all , 1.9 billion isk per day . 
  they certainly can indirectly transfer . 
  corp wallets now show dust division . 
  reddit randomisation vov, 
  actually no , reddit randomly loves adding or subtracting 1 vote to posts just because . 
  redditors , on the other hand , are 900 % done with complaining about down votes , to the extent that they do n't even . 
  hmm with a big enough api key database you could probably work it out even without an end point . 
  well fair enough , but look at drk ; it 's a lot easier to capture the me and te of your blueprint library if you have the industry job api to tell you . 
  a small api key library may not help with comparisons between different systems but it does provide relevant info for the creator of the key itself . 
  if i 'm in the middle of a 30-jump trip , i 'm probably on reddit . 
  it also helps your kid be bilingual , which is a nice perk . 
  they 're on contract in jita . 
  or , if teamspeak is any indication , smoking something . 
  initially sure , but no more so than pure blind or catch or any other null sec conveniently located to high sec . 
  the formula greyscale mentioned is on a per-system basis , so the density is capped at 1 outpost anywhere in sov null . 
  yeah , it 's good just because it has so many stations to rent out . 
  that 's probably why nulli dropped sbus today . 
  occasionally i go on a binge where i lose a half-dozen tanks in a single match , but usually i break even or better . 
  no , but each station will finance the next one . 
  on steam ? 
  yes . 
  well , certainly within an hour or so . 
  heck , vietnam invaded , then gave the country back after they cleaned out the crazies in charge . 
  that does n't happen often . 
  gevlon , this was easily the least terrible post of yours i 've read this year . 
  i consider myself space-poor when i think `` you know , i ca n't afford to replace this ship if i lose it '' . 
  not * so * big , as it turned out . 
  it depends on the corporation and alliance . 
  for instance , brave newbies tries to stay classy ^ tm and does n't put up with shit . 
  also , do n't be afraid to delete your character at the end of the trial and take another trial a bit later . 
  i went through five trials ( one for each race , plus one for mining and industry ) before eventually ponying up for a subscription . 
   hell , there 's probably some girl-focused corporations out there . 
  i have trained heavy guesstimation specialization v ( amongst [ other skills ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/eve/comments/wrj99/blog_community_spotlight_pandemic_legion/c5ftpuv ) ) . 
  have n't you ? 
  i do n't suppose you need plex ? 
  til i must be a manic conspiracy theorist too , to expect a heads-up if conflicts of interest arise . 
  or maybe alek is being an equivocating douche . 
  either way . 
  why would you ever consider soloing a drone boat in a stealth bomber ? 
  especially if you bomb fit it . 
  there should be a way for a target to outbid a war dec when it comes up for renewal and shut it down . 
  both sides lose the isk whoever wins , of course . 
  more than most players though . 
  points for trying . 
  : alek :, 
  note that the eve items were expressly disclaimed as not being one-off items . 
  heck , just read the in-game description . 
  teams : incursions for industry ? 
  worth a try . 
  fyp, 
   ride-sharing apps have hit the mainstream . 
  the buzz on the street is we 'll all be raking in cash by helping out strangers . 
  or will we ? 
   the concept of ride-sharing is hitting australia with apps such as uber allowing everyday people to drive passengers for a fee . 
   but is there a catch ? 
  it appears drivers may be in breach of the law and could be slapped with a whopping $ 110,000 fine - in nsw at least - for charging strangers for lifts . 
   nsw transport have released a statement stating drivers can be fined for `` taking paying members of the public as passengers '' . 
   `` a person who carries on a public passenger service in breach of the act may face prosecution and fines of up to $ 110,000 , '' it read . 
  the government noted this does not apply to groups of friends sharing expenses or carpooling . 
   * uber is being investigated by the roads and maritime authority . 
  source : ap *, 
   a spokesman for transport nsw admitted apps that are purely a platform for connecting drivers and passengers , such as backseat , are `` in a grey area '' of the law . 
   `` whether or not their service is contravening the act is yet to determined , '' the spokesman told news.com.au . 
   david rohrsheim from uber does n't seem fazed by the crackdown . 
   `` we 've had regular positive discussions with the nsw government for some time . 
  we know they are watching this ride-sharing trial very closely , and they will be very interested to, 
  hear the feedback from customers , '' he told news.com.au . 
   `` early feedback from drivers and passengers has been overwhelmingly supportive . 
  i 'm confident what we are building will be the safest , most reliable , most affordable transportation  option for consumers . '', 
   * uber says they have been involved in positive talks with the nsw government . 
  source : thinkstock *, 
   a roads and maritime service spokeswoman said uber is currently being investigated in nsw . 
   `` roads and maritime services has received allegations uber has breached the passenger transport act and is investigating . '', 
   `` if there are found to be breaches , companies and individuals can be pursued as appropriate . '', 
   vicroads have been contacted for comment on whether drivers in victoria are subject to fines . 
  great success, 
  pc is not a money-making venture for the majority of contenders . 
  i suggest you concentrate on squad tactics in pub matches , and/or team syncs of faction warfare matches until you consider yourself ready . 
  then advertise in the war room , proclaiming your specialty . 
   okay , despite people in or out of the military trying to do something about it , the entire military deserves condemnation ? 
   if that 's the standard of all of society , not just the military , then we 're all somehow responsible for the actions of evil people . 
  [ `` the standard you walk by , is the standard you accept '' ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qaqpoevgr8u ), 
  it 's basically coad for dust . 
  no it 's not ; it 's a cesspool of bad posting and inflated ego-stroking . 
  but it 's better than nothing . 
  300 per day .
