  thinking of buying it . . 
  shadow blade is better than blink , but you really notice the mana cost so bear that in mind . 
  slark has bad stats gain so i strongly recommend wand and bracer/wraith before sb , and possibly drums afterwards because you need the intelligence . 
  if not drums , then aquila . 
  skadi is so , so good on slark , but if you find it difficult to achieve , a casual point booster into s&y might be a better item progression , so you can get skadi next . 
  after that , basher and moon shard are where you want to be , late game . 
  jesus christ what is the * first fucking rule * about the private server ? 
  do n't , it will make you lose further faith in goons . 
  she 's not terrible , but she 's not top tier either . 
  juggernaut fulfils much the same role but has the advantage of spins , healing ward and a quite useful ultimate . 
  also , try to sacrifice the first few catapults , they cede have lots of xp and gold that would go to them . 
  stop works once but new triggers will take effect ( like , you get hit again , or auto attack ) , hold stays in effect until you make another action, 
  yeah but you can start doing this strat with necro1 , you do n't * have to * wait until necro3 . 
  they had a sentry ward so they could see invisible ; they were hoping that bounty would try to sneak in and grab it . 
   knocks up the target, 
  we / r/dota2smut now, 
  and supanova . 
  but , mostly the brown river . 
  that 's turrbal , muriel . 
  this is an extraction planet not a processing planet . 
  it 's still a loose set up though . 
  also mirana ultimate . 
  do you really want her to call your bluff ? 
  it wo n't change her attitude anyway . 
  that 's my link below . 
  feel free to message me if you have any questions !, 
  but that 's my fetish, 
  i only have 60 lc matches but 0 4 4 1 * only * works in the jungle , and it 's not even good there . 
  in a lane , you go 4 1 1 1 using a bottle or soul ring for sustain . 
  your build is boots , blink , treads , then assess . 
  if you are behind , get blade mail , otherwise cuirass or mjolnir or bkb or , rarely , s&y . 
  look at some of my past games to see how i play . 
  note that if a 1k scrub like me can do it , you certainly can . 
  wurmcoils are pretty good . 
  only up to 2 skill points , after that it 's too fast . 
  kotl is a great anti push support hero though . 
  in the immortal words of c+c music factory ,, 
   `` chill baby baby chill baby baby wait '', 
  op is conflating two different things . 
  using the aria * platform * to accept money from nerds in return for valuable imaginary stuff, 
  leveraging aria to extract marginal revenue by monetizing the customer base to maximize shareholder value and promote win-win synergy going forward ( tm ) ( r ) ( c ), 
  the platform has value by itself . 
  ccp is not a payment processor like mastercard or paypal - it likes being paid , yes , but * writing programs * to take credit card details and handle charge backs and currency conversion is not its core business . 
  it 's just something that it * had * to do , because otherwise it ca n't get money . 
  so when aria comes along and says `` hey , you can rip all that code out now , just make a web service call to our cloud service and we 'll handle it all , and then your devs can go back to making new in-game fashion items idk '' then you can see how attractive that becomes , especially since ccp no longer has to jump through pcidss credit-card security hoops because they do n't have your card details any more . 
  and then aria says `` oh yeah btw now that all the customer data is in the cloud , here 's twenty pre-made reports to tell you the profile of each of your users , and how likely they are to charge-back a credit card , and oh yeah next time you run a plex promotion , here is the graph of your users broken down by how much of a whale they are , so you can monitor them to see how effective the promotion was , compared to the last 5 times you ran one '', 
  and all this without making huge changes to the way ccp operates . 
  i 'm not saying that ccp wo n't change how it charges eve players , because i do n't have a crystal ball . 
  however , i know that free-to-play games add a significant workload to payment systems and processes . 
  dust 514 was shielded behind sony 's psn store , but valkyrie wo n't have that option ( heck , it 's likely that aria already has connectors for xbox , psn , steam etc already ) . 
  ccp needed something new , even without changes to existing games . 
  tldr ; chill, 
  i could n't get to the page unless i dropped to http : / /, 
  um , how about we skip the middleman and clone his bone marrow cells instead ? 
  anything with a cast point will break chained keypress macros . 
  make sure to use iron talon on the bloodraged creep , for extra damage . 
  `` build a database '' ? 
  that 's it ? 
  did you also have a programming project where the grade is based on `` write a program lol idk '' ? 
  ok , so i guess you need to work out what you want to learn from the project . 
  i mean , you could use rails or django or whatever , code up the object model and the database schema is created for you automatically . 
  it 's a great way to whip up a working web app but a terrible way to learn about database tables . 
  you could use the existing eve database and pop a web app on top and you 'll get experience working with existing schemas , but that does n't really count as * creating * a database . 
  so , i suggest that the database you create be around something ancillary to the main eve databases but that does n't exist ( publicly ) , so you can justify its creation . 
  some examples are, 
  * some sort of courier contract database , so you can run database queries on completion times , time-per-jump , failure rate vs day of the week or whatever, 
  * alliance-wide ordering system - ties into eve item database , allows people to request items to be stocked in the alliance station , and be notified when someone puts the order up i guess, 
  but , do n't get wedded to the need to have something that 's in-demand by the player base . 
  a lot of people already have apps that do 90 % of what they want , and the other 10 % is better off being written in the same method of the app rather than as a stand-alone thing . 
   sell one of your groves for the 100 $ and get 2-3 newlamogs imo hehe, 
  that 's not as stupid as it sounds . 
   i wore them until they fell off of me, 
  well , the cops ' social media presence is [ on point ... ] ( https://www.instagram.com/logreglan/ ), 
  ecm is counterspell , caldari clearly master race . 
  in vr, 
  also ` newbee ' , seriously ? 
  consequences happen ~, 
  low effort . 
   uni should be free, 
  then you should be happy about this article . 
  there 'd be more wiggle room about funding if ex-pats repaid their hecs . 
  how rude, 
  surely his spin mastery is over 9000 ? 
  / ignore, 
  he has obligations . 
  those are * strategic * pauses . 
  it 's what his bank is full of . 
  [ savage ] ( https://gfycat.com/nippykindlangur ), 
  you 're in denial if you think that people with gambling addictions wo n't trade away or sell stuff to get money to gamble . 
  what it * does * do is reduce the ability for poor people to save up actual cash , e.g. 
  to pay for tafe courses or babysitting or for your mate to buy parts to repair your car . 
  studies in the us have shown time and again that money is actually the * best * way to give welfare . 
   edit : can you link some of those studies you mentioned ? 
  i would love to read them, 
  yeah i 'll try to track them down . 
  ok , that 's annoying - ca n't find many research studies about the topic , i guess my google-fu is weak . 
  lots of reports about welfare fraud being rampant , and other reports saying that welfare fraud is actually not rampant except amongst administrators of the program . 
  best i can come up with is [ this ] ( https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2016/01/27/fact-sheet-obama-administration-announces-major-investments-preventing ) white house press release that states :, 
   and revisions to the special supplemental nutrition program for women , infants , and children ( wic ) added a cash benefit to allow participants to purchase fruits and vegetables , a change that substantially increased the value of the package . 
  i mean , they 're not wrong are they,
