  when hunting infantry in a more general sense , you realise , especially in a blaster tank , that they die quickly , do n't move as quickly as you , and have few options to engage you . 
  hitting infantry in a railgun tank is harder work unless you 're at a distance - i admit i was n't so great at shooting infantry with my rail fit and am constantly in awe at railgun tankers that take out infantry running from cover to cover , this is just great skill . 
   - amazingly , i got to experience `` jihad lav '' on two ocassions . 
  on one occassion the lav hit me , but i think because i had just gone over a hill , he did n't build up enough velocity to explode and trigger the payload . 
  i only realised it was a jihad lav once i destroyed it and got the signature '' +50 kill , +40 lav , +5 equipment , +5 equipment , +5 equipment , +5 equipment '' . 
  2nd time i saw him coming and one shotted him with my railgun before he got close . 
  again , the kill points told me what i 'd just destroyed . 
  it 's astounding these even exist as they are very much touch and go ( no pun intended ) but go a long way to showing the few options infantry have left to engage hav 's . 
   - the times my tank was destroyed , i sometimes managed to jump out at the last second to avoid death . 
  somehow this does n't feel so `` clean '' . 
  in an open-top lav it makes sense that you can jump out quickly enough to avoid destruction but in a hav less so . 
  i 'm not an advocate of forcing a driver to `` go down with the ship '' but the exit should n't be `` instant '' . 
  it 's not critical , but it could be looked at for alternatives . 
   - lastly , the recall mechanic . 
  it becomes second nature to exploit this . 
  apart from the couple of times i got stuck on terrain , i used this often . 
  if your tank was badly damaged , you can turn a corner , recall , and voila !, 
  your tank is now safe . 
  wait for the danger to pass , then summon it again at your leisure . 
  this needs to be fixed , it 's a clear exploit with many viable solutions . 
   to summarise , it has been an interesting experience but now that i understand both sides of the equation , the arguments remain damning . 
  there is no way , in its current state , that the situation with hav 's is balanced :, 
   - first of all , their skill system is clearly lacking and does n't reward players for heavy skill investment due to the massive absence of passive skills ( especially where hav 's are concerned ) . 
   - secondly , the redline needs to be looked at . 
  i do n't want to mention railgun tanks specifically because its their innate range that gives them an advantage , but their range would n't be an issue if there was a different map design philosophy in dust 514 . 
  at the moment , giant mountain-ringed maps with no hindrances to line of sight are commonplace . 
  this means that railgun tanks profit from this to the detriment of anything that can render to be shot at , notably other vehicles - hav 's , lav 's and especially dropships . 
   - lastly , but definitely not leastly : infantry and infantry av more specifically . 
  as a former dedicated av player before the patch i felt something was wrong , but now it 's pretty clear that the situation is skewed - no reasonable person can attest to the situation being balanced . 
  in the best case scenario , infantry av were an annoyance while i was in my tank , and their weapons woefully ineffective . 
  the incredible speed which tanks have , and the access to modules that render them nigh-on invincible to infantry av for the time it takes them to retreat all the way to the other side of the map have no counter , if you have the skills to fit multiple hardeners you risk very little as you can cycle them indefinitely . 
   my tactics when dealing with infantry av were so mechanical they became 2nd nature after a few matches :, 
   -  player hits you with swarm/forge : if it does serious damage activate a hardener . 
  you now have around half a minute to go wherever you like with no risk , as long as you do n't run into another tank , or you can kill the player who 's annoying you . 
  the player will sometimes try to run after you , but he has stamina and you do n't , so you outrun him easily and can move out of line of sight before he 's even targeted you again . 
  nothing can slow me down when i 'm in a tank as there is no stamina issue , so no matter how dedicated an infantry av player may be , he just ca n't catch me , as even at running speed my base speed exceeds him . 
  this game mechanic needs improvement . 
   -  if you 're confident no other infantry are around : just get out and shoot him - if he 's a swarm/forge user he only has a sidearm . 
  swarm launcher users often stack damage mods so have very little base ehp , they go down in half a second to most sidearms . 
   -  if you 've taken serious damage from multiple co-ordinated av users - just go around a corner , get out of your tank and spend 5 seconds recalling your hav !, 
  now your tank is safe , you can find somewhere quiet to re-summon or you can just use your current light weapon of choice to mop-up the infantry av players ( remember they have no anti-infantry capacity ) , then you can go back to killing infantry . 
  the recall mechanic needs to be hot-fixed right now . 
   ( last part below ), 
   before we go further , lets put to rest some of the fallacies that seem to plague this debate :, 
   1 ) `` it should require a team to take down a tank '' - this a problem for many reasons :, 
   a ) this could be a viable argument if there were no set limits to engagements as there are in eve online . 
  dust 514 has ( for now ) a 16 vs 16 engagement limit , so as soon as an asset provides you with a numerical advantage ( be it soft or hard ) then that asset is the most valuable on the battlefield . 
  if a hav requires multiple av users to neutralise ( soft numerical advantage ) , then the hav provides numerical superiority on the battlefield as it only requires one player to operate . 
  if a hav required multiple users to operate or if dedicated infantry av could neutralise a hav on a one on one basis , this would not be an issue . 
  this is not currently the case . 
   b ) av stands for `` anti-vehicle '' . 
  a dedicated anti-vehicle player sacrifices his anti-infantry capacity for the ability to destroy vehicles . 
  his fit is only useful against vehicles , and by definition should be effective only against vehicles . 
  if another asset provies you with the ability to destroy vehicles and infantry , and with greater effectiveness ( and similar cost ) than a dedicated anti-vehicle infantry unit then naturally you will gravitate to that asset , especially if your anti-vehicle capacity is ineffective , as is currently the case . 
  this is the creation of a zero-sum game and this is what is occuring now . 
   i 've translated this analogy to make it dropsuit-centric so people can grasp how serious this issue is here :, 
   you have a heavy suit , that can kill other heavies and all other types of dropsuit - it can be countered by a light suit , lets call it the `` anti-heavy '' light suit . 
  now the `` anti-heavy '' light suit is not really effective on its own against the heavy suit , even though that is it 's intended role , but it can also be killed by every other suit that exists , and it 's not at all effective against other suits . 
   to take down a heavy suit you need two or more of these `` anti-heavy '' light suits to work in co-ordinated precision , timing their shots , taking cover , reloading asymetrically to keep the pressure up all the while avoiding the fire of the heavy suit and other suits ( again , from which they can not defend themselves effectively ) . 
  after doing this for a while , the players running `` anti-heavy '' light suits figured out that they could run a heavy suit , which is more effective at killing other heavy suits than the `` anti-heavy '' suit and they could engage all the other types of suits , without even resorting to teamwork - it 's from here on out that everyone in the community came to the forums to complain about `` heavy suit spam '' - since in every match it was not uncommon to see up to 7 heavy suits per side , completely dominating the map and making all other suits irrelevant . 
   2 ) `` my tank is expensive so should be hard to kill '' - only a few people still spout this argument , but thankfully this is disappearing , and should not be an argument for either vehicles or infantry . 
  an infantry proto suit can be prohibitively expensive , yet is not hard to kill . 
  price of an asset should never be a measure of power on the battlefield - it should be based on player skill , character skills , fittings and most importantly , game mechanics . 
   3 ) `` i have to invest lots of skill points in vehicles , and you do n't have to invest much in av to kill me '' - there is partial merit to this argument . 
  after skilling into vehicles after the patch , i can attest to the fact that hav users get shafted on the skill tree . 
  i ca n't speak for other trees , but for the hav tree , skills which give you a passive bonus are rare - most of them being `` skill 1 access to std , skill 3 to adv , skill 5 to proto modules '' . 
  having said that , skills should not be the only factor when in play - game mechanics should be primordial . 
   4 ) * new * `` swarm launchers were always meant to counter light vehicles , and forge guns should be for heavy vehicles '' - yes , this appeared only last week , but lets deal with it here for the sake of argument . 
  first of all , infantry weapons are n't classed by their opposing suit frame , they are classed by their damage type , range and fitting slot . 
  a shotgun can kill a heavy frame just as well as a medium frame . 
  a nova knife is the same . 
  a forge gun can also kill all types of suits as well as a scrambler pistol or a rail rifle - they have different ranges , damage attributes and resultant damage will depend on the fitting and attributes of the suit , as well as engagement range , the character skills and real life skills of both players . 
   classing anti-vehicle weapons by their opposing class of vehicles would imply, 
   a ) they are only effective against this type of vehicle, 
   b ) their effectiveness is optimised against this type of vehicle, 
   c ) all hav vehicles are homogenous and all lav vehicles are homogenous, 
   d ) all infantry have access to each type of av weapon, 
   if you take the above list sequentially , the are so many exceptions to each rule that it quickly falls apart . 
  forge guns are also effective against infantry and vehicles , and are effective at engaging light vehicles and dropships . 
  swarm launchers are n't so good against dropships even though these can be classed as a light vehicle . 
  forge guns can only be wielded by one particular suit frame , hav 's are not homogenous , etc. 
   the solutions to the issues above are diverse and many good ones have been proposed already in the `` feedback/requests '' sections of the forum , which unfortunately , few people read - everything from different ammo types on infantry av , to webifiers , going by vehicle capacitors , turret turning speeds , linking mulitple hardeners , etc. 
  ulysses knapse actually has an impressive 4 part post on lots of vehicle changes which would benefit both vehicle and infantry alike here https://forums.dust514.com/default.aspx?g=posts&amp;m=1672236, 
   * nails a leg of honeyed lamb to the foot of the post and backs away slowly *, 
   * light weapons experience pack @ ~ ~ 20,000 ~ ~ 40,000 aur [ 50 % off ], 
  that 's not 50 % off ; that 's 100 % extra . 
  next time , try using quote marks when you 're quoting . 
  ah , [ blockade running ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/017/382/1250991947631.jpg ) . 
  sadly , these days it 's mostly made redundant by using jump freighters instead . 
  sauce ? 
  well i [ wrote this ] ( http://serpentinelogic.wordpress.com/2011/05/04/jump-freighter-manual/ ) a few years ago . 
  hope it 's still valid . 
  if your mate wants to make an alliance just get an eve player to do it for him . 
  i 'm all for dust players having the same features as eve players , but replicating the same corporate maintenance screens in two games has to be low on the priority list compared to eg making the game good . 
  there are players who will create the alliance for you . 
  depending who you talk to , they will also accept dust isk as payment ( it really does cost a billion isk in eve ), 
  maybe if they had go pros it would n't have happened . 
  as the cops say to us , `` if you have nothing to hide , you have nothing to worry about '', 
  you just agreed with gevlon . 
  take that for what it s worth .
