   also do n't forget this is just our long term plan for now , and things may change in the future . 
  in all cases they are not forgotten , but will take time to get to . 
  i think it will be more like, 
  * black ops become bridge + deeps, 
  * widow gets spun off into t2 battleship line, 
  but at this stage , who knows . 
  fair call . 
  if you want , you can talk to marcel about teaming up on an android library that is a port of the pyfa engine . 
  i 've been meaning to work on it , but : real life : . 
  ... then attempt to mine it . 
  hence the popular site 4gifs . 
  sell all your stuff , apply to join dreddit again , head west . 
  groping is optional ( but likely ), 
  ** achievement unlocked : sieglager green **, 
  * put a pub into reinforced mode *, 
  well , cost to build is something like 60 isk . 
  he probably just gives no fuck about your margins . 
  yes , it 's a little circle with a crosshair through it to the top right of where the locked targets appear . 
  you may have to minimise some overview windows to see where to right-click . 
   the amount of famous people you see around there if you live or work in that area is astounding . 
  ask liam neeson for a list . 
  i hear he 's great at making them . 
  ` almost every single one of us ' do n't claim to be altruists who tend to the moral welfare of their congregations either . 
  atron still has more powergrid than a taranis , i see . 
  now kiss . 
  other mmos have crimes of passion ( dying in internet cafes due to nolifing , or stabbing friends who got that bind-on-pickup loot drop ) . 
  eve 's craziness , however , is a cold-blooded sort . 
  this makes a lot more sense than the binge-purge cycle that currently exists . 
  i think a chat channel would be all you need , then . 
  try the goblinworks channel . 
  [ drop the jump clone timer below 24 hours ] ( http://serpentinelogic.wordpress.com/2012/07/26/stop-wasting-my-time-ccp/ ) . 
  tried mousing over it ? 
  * thermodynamics, 
  * get into a stiletto , get points on things, 
  * acceleration control v , you 're remapped for it . 
  also , at least shore up your e-war skills to fit t2 tracking disruptors or painters . 
  training the skill to i enables you to jump clone once a day at the same time . 
  that 's fine , but if you actually want to * do something * after you 've jump cloned , it 's not enough . 
  you fly around in nullsec , then jump clone back to your implant clone at midnight . 
  suddenly , your mates organise a drunk roam for the next night !, 
  you are now stuck in highsec until 11:31 pm and realistically , that entire night 's play time is wasted doing stuff you do n't really want to do . 
  now , if you 'd trained the skill to v , you 'd be able to jump clone back at 9:36 pm and have an enjoyable night . 
  skill level iv is still reasonable , since you 'd be back at 10pm and you 'd at least be where you wanted to be for much of the evening . 
  it does n't allow you to always park yourself in the right clone * every * night , but it does achieve the main design goal , which is that slightly-bad jump clone timing wo n't ruin an entire night 's play . 
  re prerequisites : i 'd probably peg it as needing infomorph psychology iii . 
  it 's not exactly the kind of thing to build a skill tree around . 
  you know how you can click at the top bar of a chat channel and rightclick -  clear all content ? 
  why the * hell * ca n't you do the same thing in the actual channel itself ? 
  lost fleet , really ? 
  i feel cold . 
  inside . 
  i think old man 's war is a better replacement . 
  i see vat you did there . 
  and they say the us government is n't a [ crooked house ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%e2%80%94and_he_built_a_crooked_house ) . 
  it 's pretty pulpish . 
  i 'd borrow the books from a library but i would n't buy them . 
  actually he 's releasing a series of interconnected short stories very soon . 
  richard morgan too . 
  ask woollari to add n agents overlay . 
  you might be pleasantly surprised . 
  the best bit about reading eve news is not having to be subscribed to enjoy them . 
  unless you have a fleet composition dedicated to the diemos , you 're better off with a talos . 
  there 's a fairly standard fit which most people use these days that is quite solid . 
  mushroom for improvement , i guess . 
   guess who are the first hackers to come and destroy our experience, 
  the eve online players ? 
  when you send a fleetmate to cut someone 's power during a fleet engagement , you know you 're taking a game too seriously . 
  [ sleipnir , slightly kiting ], 
  internal force field array i, 
  tracking enhancer ii, 
  experimental 10mn microwarpdrive i, 
  adaptive invulnerability field ii, 
  x-large ancillary shield booster , cap booster 400, 
  federation navy stasis webifier, 
  425mm autocannon ii , republic fleet emp m, 
  425mm autocannon ii , republic fleet emp m, 
  425mm autocannon ii , republic fleet emp m, 
  425mm autocannon ii , republic fleet emp m, 
  425mm autocannon ii , republic fleet emp m, 
  425mm autocannon ii , republic fleet emp m, 
  425mm autocannon ii , republic fleet emp m, 
  medium unstable power fluctuator i, 
  medium anti-kinetic screen reinforcer ii, 
  medium processor overclocking unit i, 
  single xlasb is probably better . 
  internal force field array i, 
  magnetic field stabilizer ii, 
  magnetic field stabilizer ii, 
  magnetic field stabilizer ii, 
  experimental 10mn microwarpdrive i, 
  large f-s9 regolith shield induction, 
  adaptive invulnerability field ii, 
  x-large ancillary shield booster , navy cap booster 400, 
  initiated harmonic warp scrambler i, 
  heavy ion blaster ii , caldari navy antimatter charge m, 
  heavy ion blaster ii , caldari navy antimatter charge m, 
  heavy ion blaster ii , caldari navy antimatter charge m, 
  heavy ion blaster ii , caldari navy antimatter charge m, 
  heavy electron blaster ii , caldari navy antimatter charge m, 
  heavy electron blaster ii , caldari navy antimatter charge m,
