  or maybe the offshore staff employed by ibm had no idea what the right thing to do was , due to so many layers of management , and did n't really care because they held no loyalty to the customer of their boss , so they just did what they were told even if it made no sense or wasted the client 's time and money . 
  * alternatively * , they were asked to do a job that was poorly defined , for a customer more interested in political battles than actually defining their requirements or improving on what they had , and so they were basically screwed from the start . 
  or more likely , it 's a mix of each . 
  also it provides health sustain before she picks up perseverance ( or drums i guess ) . 
  screenshot ? 
  ibm global services australia [ [ source ] ] ( http://www.crn.com.au/news/ibm-buys-gsa-shares-from-telstra-lend-lease-11186 ), 
  a few points :, 
  * it 's not just ibm ; most other large software suppliers like infosys , accenture , oracle consulting etc have the same issues and opinions of them are equally negative, 
  * it 's not always strict incompetence ; sometimes it 's just ` incompetent compared to what i expect a team of $ 3000/day consultants to be ', 
  * it got a lot worse once they started their offshore development teams , because they lower their chargeout rates for the offshore developers but the quality of work is correspondingly low ( usually ), 
  * at that point , people start thinking `` i understand paying huge rates for the skilled consultants , but why are we even paying $ 1000/day for these other guys if they 're no better than the people we have already working for us ? '', 
  * at the end of the day , only a large company can handle a project that * starts * with `` ok we 'll need 200 developers , 50 solution analysts and 75 manual testers '', 
  * however , these projects are not as common as you 'd think , and often it would be better to do it with a smaller company that has a record of e.g. 
  not fucking up every time . 
  ah , right , that one . 
  i always screw up the placement on that one :(, 
  inside super obviously has the benefit that you 're spending super money , which was cheap to put in , and quite frankly is hard to spend so being able to spend it at all is a bonus . 
  however , it 's really hard to shop around , and there 's lots of hoops to jump through to get it changed . 
  outside super has other advantages :, 
  * tax-deductible, 
  * wider range of coverages available ( ip insurance inside super is limited in a few ways that i do n't recall but an insurance agent will explain ), 
  * more competitive prices for the same coverage ( or more extras for the same price ) compared to inside-super options, 
  but besides that, 
  * do n't worry much about saving money , if there 's an opportunity to * earn * more money ( by skilling up ) . 
  if you earn $ 35k there 's only so much you can save . 
  increase your wage to $ 65k , on the other hand ... 
  * always keep a couple of month 's living expenses handy . 
  remember - expenses should be less than income , so it 's not * that * hard . 
  * do n't buy individual stocks unless you really know the company and the market conditions . 
  casual orb of venom into skadi ? 
  he should spawn illusions when attacking buildings ... 
  pl aghs just like pudge : doppelganger cooldown reduced to 4 seconds , 
  stop playing heroes you have < 45 % win rates with , and play more heroes that you have 55 % + win rate with ? 
  ps : poor performance with lich indicates positioning issues or being underleveled . 
  perhaps try wind lace + raindrops + urn instead of mek . 
  mek is the sort of item that can lead you to making poor positioning decisions , whereas urn 's range keeps you safer . 
  ah the first bloods style counter . 
  one cup of water . 
  `` eve is a multiplayer treachery simulator . '', 
  thanks , captain obvious, 
   dialects of china have a lot in common with mandarin , much like different english countries have different colloquialism . 
  i disagree . 
  in fact , i think that if beijing dialect and cantonese dialects belonged to different countries , everyone would consider them different languages . 
  on a belong plan , about 60 per month . 
  seriously looking at myrepublic though . 
  same price , but unlimited 100/40 speeds . 
  it 's insane . 
   i feel like i 've been phoning it in for the past few years , not really planning anything , saving by the sheer virtue of how much i earn + not paying rent . 
  ok real talk . 
  given those facts , i 'd expect you to be socking away about half your income . 
  what are you spending it on ? 
  i mean , we can talk about investment advice all day , but getting 5 % instead of 4 % on your portfolio means nothing if you 're pissing away a thousand bucks a week . 
  yeah acorns fees start biting after a few thousand bucks invested . 
  50/50 is a fine ratio to start with . 
  remember that most aussies have very little exposure outside the country so 50 % is already more diversified than the average joe . 
  every 6 or 12 months , buy some more of each , and carefully choose the amounts of each to keep the ratio 50/50 , and see what you think in , say , 2 years . 
  maybe you 'll want to change to 40 % domestic , 50 % international , 10 % emerging markets or something - you 'll have a bit more experience and confidence in your decision-making compared to right now . 
  bit early for that . 
  whirlpool has the deets though, 
  ok , so that means 4 times a year you 'll have ~ $ 10k to invest ( in either your name , or your wife 's name ) . 
  obviously set up a hisa to put the money into for clarity about what is investment money and what is spending money . 
  if you choose a couple of diversified funds ( many people like a vanguard vgs/vas split but there are many options ) , then you can put 10k into one , then 10k into the other , then switch to investing 20k every 6 months to keep the ratio correct . 
  it 's a simple approach but it should do you for a few years . 
  in the meantime , read barefoot investor and a few other books to get a more sophisticated understanding of the market . 
   the amount of money that jack johnson was making however , i would only trust with a professional . 
  * and * have a different professional periodically check up on the first one . 
  people forget that duel , even aghs duel , does n't stop disarm and disables any more . 
  on a slot-starved hero like lc , aghs needs to functionally replace blink , blade mail or bkb to be worth it . 
  but 1000 % of bulgaria 's population . 
  if bulgaria is `` allowed to '' have their own language , so should wu . 
  yeah , those el cheapo ibm consultants . 
  clearly the lowest bidder ay . 
  such is life in a country where you ca n't trust the local food products . 
  there 's already counterfeit penfolds on the market . 
  raindrop will be burnt pretty quickly if you lane against zeus , since his q is spammable and will do the minimum required to use a charge . 
  in this case , you 'd probably aim for a wand , and maybe a casual health potion after he nukes you down too low to stay in lane . 
  however , vs his ult , and vs other , bursty heroes like lina , it 's really useful . 
  the mana bonus from multiple raindrops even stacks , so you can buy a second one when your first one has almost run out of charges and not feel like you 're wasting anything . 
  does it * have * to be a car ? 
  a vespa costs a couple thousand and costs very little to run . 
  fair enough , although i 'd note that you wo n't be taking your dog or gf to work and back every day - it 's possible to have a vespa for work as well as a car for weekend stuff . 
  it 's just a motorbike that lets you keep your legs together when you ride . 
  i 'm pretty sure it can handle it , 
  you should be fine . 
  just choose suburbs that are logistically close to where you want , not just physically close . 
  it does n't matter if you 're further away from the university if you get on the same bus as everyone else . 
  i have heard good things , but i ca n't give you any details ( hearsay ), 
  well i looked up to him a couple of decades ago . 
  then again , i looked up to ronald reagan and rolf harris at the same age , so yeah , things change . 
  that 's interesting . 
  last time i checked , cua had very good interest rates for home loans . 
  maybe it was a time-limited offer . 
  like jimmy saville and the hey dad guy . 
  if you accuse someone famous , be prepared to lose your career :(, 
   they 'll lower stamp duty before they 'll touch cgt concessions and ng . 
  i thought stamp duty was a state tax . 
  that 's because leg room is an extra $ 60 . 
  like , ** no ** . 
  goat makes * the best * hot pots . 
  the meat does n't disintegrate like lamb .
