   which leaves us to wonder ... are we really the dominant species ? 
  not by body weight , in spite of our best efforts . 
  i play a lot of skirmish games , which apparently do n't count for leaderboards , kdr or whatever :(, 
  join [ this corp ] ( http://www.prosynergyeve.com/ ) then . 
   pro synergy is a player run service corporation within the sandbox universe of the eve-online mmo . 
  we pride ourselves in presenting pilots new to eve with an opportunity to work as professional salvagers with highest income and minimal investment . 
  we accomplish this by providing looting and salvaging services to mission runners and npc hunters throughout new eden . 
  as if we were n't burned out enough by the human endurance event , ha . 
  something something afk in mcc . 
  wait , does that mean the sp cap gets raised ? 
  otherwise we 're going to come to a grinding halt about friday night . 
  no pun intended, 
  everything is sepia toned , yes . 
  again ; rather get feet blown off than hands . 
  well , as the saying goes, 
  roses are red, 
  violets are glorious, 
  you ca n't catch up to, 
  oscar pistorious, 
  i love that author . 
  for those d&d nerds out there , he invented the slaad and githyanki races , back in the day . 
  that 's quite sharpe of you . 
  btw if you convert isk to usd , ccp will ban you and everyone will cheer . 
  what you do n't realise is that while you , personally , see nothing wrong with receiving twenty bucks now and then , there are people who have the resources and drive to extract tens of thousands of rl dollars per month from the game , which is exceptionally bad for eve and ccp . 
  we joke about vuk lau 's nightclub and a_puppetmaster 's house deposit , but when you approach real money transfer from a serious point of view ( i.e. 
  currency arbitrage , money laundering , extortion of fat nerds ) then shit gets real very quickly . 
  i tried to see all the angles but i have an explosive resists hole so i ca n't tank them . 
  no we do n't . 
  i ca n't tell whether he 's a front for a cynical player , or a [ useful idiot ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/useful_idiot ) . 
  this amuses me . 
   how important to the average australian would a vehicle be that is both useful on the coast/city areas and in the more outback areas ? 
  of negligible importance , due to australia being heavily urbanised . 
  you either live in a state capital and rarely go outside of suburbia , or you live in a smaller town and rarely drive to the capital . 
  hardly anyone does off-road driving as well as inner-city driving in the same vehicle . 
  in the outback , everyone drives toyota landcruisers or similar . 
  regular cars just ca n't hack the corrugations of the canning stock route or the absolute shit conditions of the gary highway ( an especially ironic name for a one-lane track that i could never go faster than 30km/hr on ), 
  australian roads are nowhere up to spec compared to german roads . 
  holy shit they take road building seriously there . 
   space-saver spares . 
  agreed . 
  full-size spare tires or gtfo . 
  no air-conditioning means about two thirds of the country will immediately dismiss it . 
  the remaining one-third probably still has over half the population , but it 's still not a winning move . 
  the thing about roos is that , like deer , they 're usually jumping when you hit them , so generally they go straight through the windscreen and kill everyone in the front seats . 
  i was going to blog about this in detail , but : effort :, 
  i guess the key concept here is ** impact ** ; that the storyline is interactive and impactful . 
  interactive means that eve players and the storyline feed off each other . 
  i think everyone realises that this is a good idea , because the players get a bit of direction to their sand box play style , and the story line gets a bunch of free content as people spin off their own little plots . 
  but , getting back to the concept of impact :, 
  impact means that the effect of the eve player base affects the story line of eve . 
  impact * also * means that changes to the storyline affect eve players in a tangible way . 
  most live events are going to be low-impact . 
  it 's not universe-shattering if some trade delegation gets ganked by xxxpizzaxxx , but hey , the roleplayers will like it and the isd news article will spawn some amusing walls of text about amarr being the master race . 
  some rare events should be high-impact . 
  if the caldari keep stomping the gallente in faction war , eventually the federation should do something about it ( send patrols of faction police in sweeps through fw lowsec , increase sales taxes to fund further war efforts , whatever ) . 
  everyone who participates gets that awesome feeling of ' i did that ' . 
  on a smaller scale , if someone takes a side in a live event , their faction standings may be adjusted by the actions they take - a small-scale , but measurable impact on that player 's game play experience . 
  similarly , sometimes a storyline event makes a change , independent of the player base . 
  asteroids taking out stations happen vov , and the player base should learn to roll with it and not cry ` theme park ! ' . 
  eve online is predicated on the concept that you are not the hero , and this means that sometimes you write the story , and sometimes the story writes you . 
  hello , and welcome to yesterday . 
  yes , you get all remaining time credited to your subscription . 
  you can do this with drk industry tracker , but i have n't used that feature because lol mining . 
  which * everrr *, 
  i 'll send you a noob or two . 
  practically all au time zone corps are pvp . 
  and his alt , aitackle blus, 
  i 'm keeping an eye on that tax rate though . 
  considering that the sun , like everything else in australia , is out to kill you , what else did you expect ? 
  skimming the profits off a level 1 mission runner is pretty lame . 
  better off spending your time making your corp-members able to run higher level missions instead , or handing out salvage destroyers or whatever . 
  probably marlona sky from ncdot . 
  gauged up links allow two simultaneous active up links . 
  well worth training for . 
  just hook up with aideron robotics and use their alliance facilities . 
  if you ca n't afford to drop a small tower , you do n't have the resources to actually run it . 
  i run a 30k type 2 suit unless someone brings out the prototype suits . 
  then i evaluate whether to suit up to advanced or prototype , or suit down to militia . 
  tbh it should require navigation v. 
  it perpetuates an arguably bad system ( medical debt is about 50x as common in the us as other countries ) , but it is very , * very * effective use of the money from the perspective of the people in debt . 
  * in the meantime * , this is an effective use of money . 
  surprised they did n't prioritise aur transfer instead . 
  after all , it already factors in the relative inflation rates between the games . 
  my wife . 
  big fleet ? 
  oh , about ten hours . 
  the trite answer is ` whatever you can get for it ' . 
  everyone knows the base price of each bpo by looking it up in eve-central or chruker or whatever . 
  if you can get a premium for it , go ahead and try your luck . 
  if it 's researched , then look at what other people are selling it for on contracts , and try to work out a good price . 
  so , create a dust character and have it passively gain skill points until the ps4 is released . 
  but if you * like * drugs and hippies , nimbin is the place for you . 
  kangaroos have a disconcerting tendency to be in flight when you hit them . 
  this means the roo goes through your windshield instead of hitting the front of the car , which usually results in the people in the front seats being killed immediately . 
  if not , have fun trying to control a speeding car with a 90kg kangaroo in the front seat , kicking everything it can reach . 
   is it possible to do the same thing in reverse ? 
  go from australia to the us and work/earn decent money ? 
  for unskilled/semi-skilled work : incredibly unlikely , for a variety of reasons . 
  for skilled work : sure . 
  someone from amazon or other us companies hit me up on linkedin once every month or two , so they 're definitely looking for talent .
