  in other words ; even when the npc decide to shoot your drones they do n't die nearly as quickly as when you accidentally kill the wrong trigger and a whole new wave spawns shooting your drones . 
  is that a buff to drones ? 
  i do n't know , but it sure is a change . 
   i also do n't think i made it entirely clear as to how much threat generation matters to this new npc . 
  one of the really cool things you can do is take two ships with less tank than is currently required , when one tank is failing do something to generate a lot of threat and have the npc switch to you . 
  ** i know , this whole concept of managing aggro is new to eve but other games have been doing it for a long time . 
  ** with how smart you guys are , i have faith you will quickly come up with ways to beat the new ai far faster than we can . 
   one of the things i have been doing is using a flight of light drones to kill the frigate npc and then going with sentry or heavy drones because once the light drones are dead the cruisers and bs basically do n't care about drones . 
  also , a smart bomb is nice for dealing with large numbers of frigates in close . 
   i am actually currently of the opinion that these changes are making missions two [ sic ] easy in some cases . 
  with how the npc acted before , all you had to do was bring one tank that was good enough to tank them for the entire time . 
  now all you need a tank enough to survive until you get them to switch targets . 
  i have seen people run missions/plex with dual rep dominix and maybe a bit of rr on a second one . 
  you can now do the same with 0 local rep , some rr , and replace the local reps with drone damage mods . 
  the result ? 
  more dps from you primary form of dps ( your drones ) and this fantastic ability to control aggro . 
   people in wormholes and incursions have been dealing with this new ai for some time now without much of a problem . 
  i have seen wormhole setups that use drones be of great success . 
  the npc i am giving the new ai to will have a lot less hate towards drones than the ones in incursions or wormholes . 
  this means drone setups should be even more viable than in either wormholes or incursions . 
   so drone users , please hold on for just a bit and as soon as our test server is up with these changes i will let you know . 
  once you have had a chance to test it , died/failed miserably , and tried a new setup i would love some feedback . 
   to give you an example of how these changes have made things too easy in my opinion . 
  i tanked the final room of the maze , specifically the citadel torpedo launcher that does something like 180k em damage , with a single flight of light drones . 
  o_o that will probably change , but my point stands . 
  there are plenty of options still out there for drone users . 
   admittedly for those that solo missions in a ship that has no drones this change means nothing at all . 
  it has the largest impact on drone users and groups of players . 
   ** think about this . 
  if we had this ai in from the beginning and came to you and said `` hey , we want to swap the ai out to something that will pick the first target it sees and never changes '' i am pretty sure we would be laughed at ... a lot . 
   are there going to be people that die to this change ? 
  yea , especially to that crazy citadel torpedo launcher that exists at the end of the maze and other anomalies . 
  just like how peopled died to it when we first introduced it . 
  what i advise is that players take extreme care when they are doing any pve content in which they previously did with more than one ship and/or with drones . 
  do n't trust the guides online , do n't trust what you know . 
  approach it as new content . 
   if you are aware of any specific content in which you fear will be unplayable after this changes please bring it to my attention . 
  i am playing through and testing as much content as i can get my hangs on . 
   what other things are being brought up as concerns ? 
   ** null sec ganks of people running pve content . 
  ** this does have an effect on that no doubt . 
  to be honest yes this means you will no longer be able to do this solo in a stealth bomber . 
  i however just tested it and was able to tank six frigate npc in my nemesis long enough for another character to jump into the system and warp 73au . 
  i might be wrong but with the amount of ewar that comes from frigates , and their hatred of drones , most people usually shoot them first when running these . 
  the cruisers and bs never even looked at my nemesis while i ganked the raven . 
  i also made sure the raven was only running local tank so as not to generate any extra threat . 
  if you want to be able to gank these guys solo , then yes it is going to mean you will need to bring something bigger . 
  if there are a lot of frigate npc on the field , well that will be difficult . 
  we have accepted that as ok . 
   i have read a few posts that state having a way to control aggro is essential to group pve . 
  i agree and that is why the npc do n't just switch targets at complete random . 
  things such as ewar , drones , signature radius , logistics , and more all generate their own threat . 
  you can use those things . 
  you can control aggro . 
   another concern is that this makes the risk higher while not increasing the reward . 
  while i will admit the risk when this first comes out will be a lot higher i have no doubt that you guys will perfect ways of running this in very little time and that risk will go back down . 
  take the wormholes for example . 
  when they came out the risk of running them was very very high . 
  now however the actual running of them is very risk low . 
  so while the initial risk will spike , long term we believe the change will be negligible on risk for those that put effort into figuring out how the system works . 
  just like the risk of running missions now is negligible for those that figure them out . 
   i also want to make it clear that for myself and ccp bettik this is our big thing for the winter release retribution . 
  we have other content which has not yet been announced , but this is where most of our time is going . 
  the work on implementation has been done for a few weeks now but we are still testing it and making sure the content is still playable . 
   this new ai is not an end all be all solution to all the problems in the pve content of eve online . 
  it is however a big step forward . 
  there is a lot more we can do with this ai . 
   i will keep you guys updated on this as best as i can , and i will keep you updated on when the test server will be open again . 
  once duality is open i would highly encourage you guys to come along and test this content . 
   as i said at the beginning of this i am mostly paying attention to the dev blog comments thread , but i will also pay attention to this thread . 
  if you have any specific questions or concerns please ask away . 
  i will attempt to answer them as best i can . 
   i am going to ask you guys to keep this thread civilized . 
  there is no need to for name calling or anything of the such . 
   take care guys and fly safe ... or dangerously ... or however . 
   ccp foxfour, 
   p.s. 
  god dang that is a lot of words ... 
  i probably should have made lots of small posts ... :(, 
  dirtwater dynasty . 
  not as good as a full transcript , but way better than nothing . 
  i would name it chairman lmao, 
  for the big numbers , they 're probably trying to force the market faster . 
  you : 1.5 million, 
  them : 1.4 million, 
  you : 1.399999.99, 
  them : 1.3 million, 
  they 're trading margin for market control . 
  eventually most sellers will leave that market , whereupon they will cancel a bunch of orders and make some actual isk again . 
  for the small numbers , maybe they 're just impatient . 
  you should only need to finish one of the career agent mission arcs for the amarr empire , plus train a couple levels of connections to get the required standings . 
   why no desks for wormholes :(, 
  they exist , they just do n't show up in local . 
  bot just warp to a pos , they do n't logoff . 
  so , no change from how it 's done already . 
  for roams , i put on crystal method ( the old stuff + oakenfold etc if i 'm logi , the new stuff if i 'm deeps , because it 's angrier ), 
  if it 's a long , boring structure shoot with the omnipresent , nagging threat of hot drop , i put on lustmord because it 's scary music . 
  if it 's a mining op , i put on enya . 
  personally , i 'd do the low-hanging fruit first :, 
  1 . train social v,
