   so once i purchase a couple of etfs do i continue to buy those same shares each time around ? 
  depends on your portfolio goal . 
  i mean , if your goal is `` 50/50 split between vas and vgs '' then once or twice a year , you look at your existing shares + your cash and buy vas and vgs to try to keep it at the 50/50 ratio . 
  ( this means whichever fund did the best , you 'll buy a bit less of ), 
  just remember that the more stops you make , the slower the journey will be . 
  you can pay after-tax money into super as well . 
  obviously that 's not as good as pre-tax , but at least it 's 100 % tax-free after that ( you do n't pay the 15 % going in , or the sometimes-15 % going out ), 
  sounds like you know what you need to do , then . 
  * salary sacrifice into super gets more cost-effective as your marginal tax bracket rises, 
  * employer contributions + your salary-sacrificed contributions to super share a cap of $ 30k per year ( dropping to $ 25k/year on 1 july this year ), 
  * in certain circumstances it might make sense to make contributions of after-tax money , but that 's relatively niche ( avoiding capital gains tax , inheritances , trying to avoid hitting a particular asset cap or whatever ), 
  so the good thing is yes you can salary-sacrifice into super , but the bad thing is that there 's a limit , and it 's relatively low . 
  the silver lining is that the limit is high enough to provide value , but low enough so you do n't accidentally cripple yourself by locking too much money away . 
  so there 's that . 
  considering that the aca was written by the gop , what did you expect ? 
  the dem amendments to fix this were dropped in order to get the bill passed . 
  so , which states are these ? 
  they would n't happen to be red states , perchance ? 
  they had 4 heroes that hate being silenced , and your team had two int cores , but nobody bought an orchid ? 
  hmm . 
  i think bkb + butterfly was good - nobody on their team wanted to build mkb , and you need the magic burst protection from bkb . 
  personally i would have kept building agility to spread the love to storm and necro , and trust them to keep you alive with auras . 
  its explained better here . 
  fi by 35 ? 
  that seems ambitious . 
  no exposure to international markets ? 
  australia negotiates prices for medicines . 
  if the price is too high , the government declines to buy it and the australian market is effectively denied to them . 
  well it depends on your risk appetite and age etc. 
  there are web pages with ( us centric ) lazy 3 fund portfolios , but if you want something a bit more applicable to australia , try looking at the breakdown of some super funds and managed funds and see what kind of ratios they decided on . 
  i have n't done the sums , but i expect you 'd need just over $ 2m plus somewhere to live to retire that early . 
  actually it * is * how they 're drawn , and australia is in contravention of international law . 
  that 's leaving aside all the spying and dirty tricks they did on the timorese while conducting the last lot of negotiations . 
  the vgs ticker is very popular . 
  it 's basically `` the developed world , ex australia '', 
  this would be more applicable advice if it was n't so tortuous to select guides in steam and dota ui . 
  i salary sacrifice about $ 200 per week , which i think is a good balance between investing for the future and living expenses . 
  well , it 's velocity x commission , which is a direct percentage of the sell price . 
  if house prices drop 15 % , you 'd need an extra 17.6 % higher velocity to compensate . 
  you can , however , put a lid on the trough when it 's not feeding time . 
  practically all countries have skilled visa programs . 
  the bar is set a bit higher than `` some inclination toward education '' . 
  germans are the wurst . 
  siezes the means of popping, 
  then do the states rights thing . 
  pass left-leaning laws in blue states , and let the rest of the country do its thing for the next 4 years . 
  i mean , that 's what the red states are doing , right ? 
  * saving  55 % of your income is good ; keep it up, 
  * consider paying a lawyer $ 200 to draw up an agreement detailing the loan your father gave you ( it can be at 0 % interest with no fixed term - you can probably find a template on the internet ) . 
  he might be displeased if , e.g. 
  you die and your bf gets it all because of no legal docs . 
  ( this is ** super important ** if you put that money into your offset account or other shared place ) or , easier : get him to open up a stockbroking account under his own name and you manage it for him . 
  no muss , no fuss , what 's his remains his . 
  * managing someone else 's money is a lot of responsibility . 
  i 'd be super-tempted to put that into a managed fund like van0108au , but i 'm also aware that the management fees are something like $ 8500/year for a 250k sum . 
  if you 're willing to do the purchases and balancing yourself , you could halve that ( or better ) . 
  be aware that you wo n't be able to wash your hands of it if you fuck up . 
  * approach your business and your investments separately . 
  decide up front which money should go into your business , and which money goes to you . 
  i 'd consider incorporating . 
  * i wo n't give advice about your business - i 'll leave that up to others, 
  * in almost all circumstances , paying off loans is the best reward-for-risk investment option available . 
  the returns are guaranteed , you do n't pay tax on the money you save , and the risk is zero . 
  i can see a case for midas on qop . 
  her level 25 talent is * fairly good * . 
  at least goat poo is in hard pellets , unlike cow pats . 
   gary the goat left the next morning , but did return the next evening in the form of a curry as a peace offering . 
  so , a gurry . 
  probably an acre . 
  well , you can always take the money out again if you want . 
  in the meantime , it 's way way better than stashing it in a term deposit or whatever . 
  i 'd like to make the point to world leaders that it 's * not a fucking competition * . 
  not tranquil plus soul ring ? 
  i 'm unconvinced the us will actually spend money on infrastructure programs , and even less convinced that non-us-owned companies would get those contracts . 
   internet is expensive around $ 100 for an unlimited plan, 
  myrepublic is $ 60 . 
  edit your post to link to previous episodes, 
  i think the us gov would be more likely to build bridges and pipelines rather than stuff that needs decorative shutters and decking . 
  you would n't download a murder, 
  well , if you put $ 250k into a high interest savings account at 3 % , that 's something like $ 20/day interest at practically zero risk , and you retain 100 % liquidity . 
  this is exactly what happens in the us . 
  this might work . 
  it has both carrot and stick , and gives people a choice . 
  this makes it easy to see where radiant puts wards inside dire base when sieging , and vice versa . 
  note that if you keep getting dewarded at the 2 most obvious places to put hg wards in their base , you might be able to sneak into the tree line at the edge of the map and put one just outside tower range . 
  obviously it 's a lot easier if you have a blink dagger , but you might be able to just walk up if there ` sa teamfight going on at the same time . 
  the dad was okay . 
  the son 's accent was terrible . 
  screwing your customers in a competitive market : always a great plan . 
  tbh the matchmaking software should group players by ping . 
  if all the 150-ping players are matched together , that would help a lot . 
  on the other hand , hitting the 250k goal at an earlyish age makes it easier to hit the next goal . 
  of course it 's feasible - i mean , dota already secretly sorts people by behaviour score and probably a bunch of other things . 
  however , each time you separate people into bands , you increase queue times , which annoys people . 
  of course , you could get sneaky about that , as well - make it so that queue times are artificially longer for anyone queueing for servers that are n't the closest - that way they 'll be encouraged to queue for their closest server as well , and that will encourage more population on the closest server . 
  eventually , the closest server will have lots more people queueing up and they wo n't need to go to other servers to get games . 
  its an idea , anyway . 
  idk if it will work . 
  ~ ~ actually both were american ~ ~ , but [ this ] ( http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/pacificrim/images/5/56/ss-kh-00247.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20130803124918 ) is the dad . 
  edit : oh shit , the son is english .
