   my removal was a result of my own actions , to which i fully accept and condone the consequences . 
  i am heartbroken that it came to this , but ultimately the blame lies with me . 
  for this , i can only apologize . 
  to ccp , to my fellow councilbros , and especially to the players . 
  all of whom i have let down with my actions . 
  at the end of the day , this has been a lesson in humility for me . 
  i carried myself in a way that was entirely unjustified , and looking back over these past two years i have been working with ccp ... 
  i can see many examples of things i could have done and said differently . 
  all i can do is make sure that moving forward , this lesson is one i do not ignore . 
   the experience of being on the council and getting to view the internal workings of a company was invaluable , and it was just that ; experience . 
  regardless of how things turned out , i would like to think that what i learned as a result will allow me to make better choices in the future . 
  at least , i hope so . 
  for that , i can only express gratitude to ccp to allowing me the opportunity to work with them , and my fellow players for making it worth it and fueling my passion for the game enough for this to have been possible in the first place . 
  if they think you 're part of the laundering operation , they 'll negwallet you too . 
  otherwise , they wo n't . 
  venture skill level : * capital . 
  fatty acids in sweat , or lack thereof . 
  the show host [ denies this ] ( https://twitter.com/danziffer/status/468911518739103745 ) , so ... 
  nothing public that would justify his removal from cpm0 . 
  nice . 
  as a dust player , the prices have fallen through the floor . 
  considered learning by using the reddit api instead ? 
  i can live with the cloaking changes . 
  the rest of the changes seem pretty darn good . 
  that implies they were a bit too obvious a choice before . 
  it 's a legitimate strategy . 
  the usa did it to english books in the 1800s , the japanese did it in the 1960s , soon followed by the taiwanese and chinese . 
  basically , steal until you have something worth stealing . 
  hell , the guy who owns spacex the rocket company does n't patent anything , since the only people who would want to copy his rockets do n't care about obeying the patent system . 
  i read a quote from a holocaust survivor that he hated being called a hero , because he knew that none of the survivors were worthy of that name ; to him , nobody who was n't a villain to their fellow human survived the camps . 
   stalin later told admiral king at yalta , `` it takes a very brave man * not * to be a hero in the soviet army . '', 
  there are players who will accept dust isk and send eve isk to someone . 
  one only has to remember how many spies were burnt just by careful application of hosted signature images on the eve-o forums . 
  / r/evelegion etc etc , or as i have seen it called , ` dustz ', 
  what 's 200k views net you ? 
  he 's been with ccp for a while . 
  i 'm not so sure he 's been on dust for long . 
  no , you ca n't run a trial and non trial account on the same computer , otherwise everyone would have free scouting alts . 
  so , keep the cloak profile damp but nerf caldari and gallente bonuses ? 
  because we are both individuals * and * members of our society . 
  i guess it comes down to where you want the ` ideal meta ' to be . 
  my ideal meta would be for caldari scouts to be short-range anti-scout , gal logistics to be long-range anti-everything ( except for niche max-damp fits ) and the other scout types to have play styles and suit bonuses conducive to a role where sometimes they will be scannable , and sometimes not . 
  the ` waves of opportunity ' concept appeals to me , which fits well with the cloak-as-damp , but it 's clear that the collateral damage of the cal/gal war is spilling over to the other scouts , to their detriment , and their bonuses need to change some how . 
  i have two ore mack bpcs in my hangar , so no , they 're already in the game . 
  a vm with a different ip address would be best . 
  this is a hilarious idea . 
  i think steve is setting up something on eve bloggers dot com but not sure if he has everyone on the csm yet . 
  whichever one your alliance says ? 
  but seriously , phobos is a reasonable choice for a hic , since it has just enough mids to play with ( assuming that mwd , ( double ? ), 
  eccm and cap booster are mandatory to fulfil its role of tackling caps and supers ) and you can dual plate it and keep a decentish tank without a lot of fitting compromises . 
  it 's stellar for extended tackling . 
  compare it to the devoter , which has an absurdly high tank , but needs a lot more support to keep tackling during long engagements . 
  from a certain point of view , a phobos can turn a small engagement * into * a full fleet engagement , 
  nah , i think the current idea is to beef up the base hacking speed further , since min scouts will probably need to be full damps to avoid scanning , so they ca n't afford to stack code breakers . 
  not gon na lie , visual effects [ raise my heartbeat ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mp1xjzj.gif ) . 
  also , timezone . 
  so , you * do n't accept that ? 
  i think the rule is more like ` if you share accounts and someone steals your titan , do n't come crying to us or we 'll ban you as well ', 
  from what i 've read , legion will be a lot better . 
  it was already good when demo 'd at fan fest , but ccp mcpeanut has added a bunch of neat stuff just since then . 
  i look forward to the hud booting up when you first deploy , 
  you 'd have to do a lot of missions for that to be a problem ( and even then , the diplomacy skill can offset a lot of low standings issues ) . 
  i believe there 's an agent finder in the eve client if you 're looking for a specific type of agent . 
  generally , it 's not worth spending the effort to get high standings for all four factions , but it 's possible . 
  valkyrie may be bundled with the rift or sony head set . 
  it might be free to the customer but get a kick back from the vr maker . 
  i would love to have serpentine logi the dust character and serpentine bogey the valkyrie character on the same account as my eve character . 
  remember we 're talking about the focused scanner , which is the worst proto scanner except for scan resolution . 
  he was the person who leaked that the atlanta office was closing . 
  tank scout quashing requires a multi-pronged approach . 
  part of it is that slots used for damps ca n't be used for tank , and making scouts slightly easier to scan means if you tank up your scout suit , it will be as visible as an assault . 
  part of it is adjustments to plates , of which some are coming in patch alpha , and others a bit later . 
  you guys still have vega and interstellar confed ? 
  ever since the brazilian became popular , it 's increasingly hard to find maps of tassie . 
  when it 's ready , i guess . 
  whatever 's [ marked green ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jbqf3rqsjq7mxj3wy1jn3ysdzekrpww2zk5tdrungw0/edit?pli=1#gid=0 ) is ready to go . 
  they still heavily nerfed the standard and advanced grenades . 
  so instead of 400 -  500 -  600, 
  it 's 250 -  350 -  600, 
  which is stupid, 
  then why are n't prototype assault rifle 2.5 times as good as standard ones ? 
  well , all it means for me is that i add core locus grenades to my pro to stomping fit . 
  i 've heard it described as a massively multiplayer treachery simulator . 
  as an australian , they 're normal priced : /, 
  after seeing the pictures of the mountain surrounded by taller icelanders , i do n't think they 'd forget . 
  i do n't accept that . 
  14:00 is midnight aest . 
  the first tip i could give you is ` read the sidebar ', 
  no , you have to click on the link to redeem it into your account . 
  x , stoked that my alliance is chock full of aussies . 
  ps go the maroons, 
  why not the cameras ? 
  you are the fuzzy steve of dust, 
  the trill gambit . 
  the pork chop , as it were . 
  i think you 're confusing peppa with little princess . 
  artists love being on sesame street . 
  sesame street cred is a real thing . 
  yeah . 
  aim for  1000 war points per match , rather than positive kdr .
