  second year , semester 2 : barely passing . 
  so he took a year off and did university in japan . 
  after that , he aced all the japanese subjects without effort . 
  it 's just how it is . 
  even if she decides otherwise , it 's probably still worth it to open accounts in the top 3 savings account banks and park the money there ( 100k per bank ) . 
  i mean , 3 % interest on $ 300k is about $ 200 a week so it makes a difference ... 
  no , it 's more about spreading the risk . 
  the australian government only guarantees 100k per bank in case of bank collapse . 
  oh , my mistake . 
  i guess you only need accounts with two banks then . 
  or maybe only one , if you 're only a bit over the 250k threshold . 
  the vanguard managed funds take a bit of flak on this sub , but something like that seems like a good idea given their situation , especially since they can access wholesale rates . 
  how can you tell that someone is from melbourne ? 
  do n't worry ; they 'll tell you . 
  australia here . 
  come on over . 
  we even have a place near the equator where you can launch east over water . 
  i was thinking of cairns or maybe nuhlunbuy . 
  bit further north so you get the slingshot effect . 
  * cairns is 16.9186 \u00b0 s, 
  * cape canaveral is 28.3922 \u00b0 n, 
  * woomera is 31.1656 \u00b0 s, 
  well clearly the australian government does n't give a shit about the barrier reef , so i do n't think it will be a problem . 
  start off small . 
  teleport to a lane , then shift-queue where you want to walk next ( or better yet , if there 's an ability you want to cast , shift-queue it so you can cast it while you still have fountain regen ), 
  then , work on shift queueing courier commands ( like select courier , then shift-queue to send bottle back to base and then deliver it to you ), 
  then work from there ( like shift-queueing after you get astralled by od etc ), 
  why would it be different to trading gold , or oil , or bitcoin , or any other asset ? 
  is n't that what twitch * is * , though ? 
  get somebody else to play games while you watch ? 
   macdonald will be back in court later this year -- earlier this week he was committed to stand trial on conspiracy charges with fellow former labor frontbench colleague eddie obeid . 
   those charges relate to a coal exploration licence involving a property owned by the obeid family in the bylong valley near mudgee . 
  well one way is by knowing where their family lives , and being prepared to spend another 50k teaching them a lesson . 
  not surprised . 
  i declined the option to buy in for a 700k property rented out a 90k per year . 
  couple of years later it was worth 400k . 
  different writers though . 
  i thought , and still think , that 's she was right . 
  put yourself in harm 's way to protect others ? 
  sure , you 're a hero . 
  kick a ball really far ? 
  you might be inspirational ; a role model . 
  but a hero ? 
  * you 're not on that level . 
  pretty sure it is n't . 
  the high rents were due to intense demand for housing coupled with reluctance to build , and lack of land available due to the flood plain . 
  e q q w q r ( early e for trading hits with melee heroes ), 
  if you get zoned out entirely then 2 points in e will let you jungle without bleeding health , especially with a poor man 's shield . 
  +1 for xero ( disclosure : i have xro shares ), 
  do n't be afraid to courier a salve to lane , probably when you get raindrops . 
  bhp buys and sells properties , but it 's more of a `` come to hedland . 
  here 's the houses we own . 
  if you buy from us , we 'll guarantee that we will buy it back at the same price when you leave '', 
  it 's not for speculation , it 's to encourage people to actually come there in the first place . 
   close ** to ** the cbd, 
  not, 
   * close the cbd *, 
  toilet paper is round, 
  personally , i 'd aim for a deposit big enough to avoid lmi . 
  that avoids unnecessary costs . 
  deposits to secure the house can be much lower than that . 
  usually enough to think twice about walking away , like 10k . 
  your local market may vary . 
  a 400k loan has minimum repayments of , what , 600 a week ? 
  personally i 'd want a buffer , so if i could sock away a thousand a week from the household i 'd feel comfortable . 
  but i 'm not you . 
  10k for lessons . 
  40k to make certtpeople look the other way . 
  \u26e9 / r/toriikeeping \u26e9, 
  the writing on the wall was when they released their cheese toast recipe . 
  dominos just opened an eat-in pizza place across the road from me . 
  there 's a brazilian restaurant that basically just serves all you can eat meat . 
  maybe you could go there . 
  light or dark skin in men does n't affect fertility , so it 's not the pressing issue that vitamin d absorption is for women . 
  what about items ? 
  are there many items that have an on hit damage effect that illusions can use ? 
  the only ones i can think of are diffusal and orb of venom ( which does n't stack ), 
  or is this just more of a crutch , since diffusal is already a must have item ? 
  his juxtapose illusions are a flat 5 gold . 
  same with his q. 
  only 5 gold . 
  depends on the hero . 
  * farm speed, 
  * sustain, 
  * durability in team fights, 
  there lots of things . 
  if it 's a problem , keep it disassembled until blink call becomes too dangerous for you . 
  play kotl . 
  recall him when he goes too deep . 
  yeah, 
  so , hmm , does this mean it 's best to put the money in a trust instead ? 
  so you control it , but do n't * own it * ? 
  that ongoing fee is going to * bite * . 
  that ongoing fee is over $ 2500/year ( possibly tax-deductible , but still ) . 
  i suggest you reassess at the end of 12 months whether you derived any value from it , given you already have a statement of advice prepared , and could probably get another one each year for about the same price . 
  the simplest answer is to look at adjusting the super portfolio mix - i.e. 
  from growth to balanced , then balanced to conservative etc. 
  take a look at what happened to vancouver once they put a crimp on foreign investment . 
  prices dropped ~ 15 % in a month , iirc . 
  fyi : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/australian_open#prize_money_and_trophies,
