  re the rest of your money , etfs are commonly used as the foundation of an investment strategy , but i would also caution you to look at the money you have in super as part of your asset mix . 
  most super funds are heavily weighted towards australian shares , so if you have decided on a ratio of x % us , y % euro , z % domestic market exposure , you 'll have to factor in your super being mostly z when you work out how much to buy of x and y. 
  i ca n't advise on what a normal amount for the various parts of a budget could be , as each person has different circumstances . 
  however , there are a number of tools that allow you to work out what you * have been * and * are * spending money on , so you can go back over your expenditure and work out what your historical numbers are . 
  after that , you can then work out what you want to change . 
  ( `` wow , $ 200 on coffees ? 
  much better to plough that into my lego habit instead '' ) etc. 
  two apps i have heard of are getpocketbook and ynab . 
  i have n't used them so i ca n't recommend one over the other , but they 're at least popular enough to have people reviewing them online . 
  even in utero ? 
  just block the hard ones ? 
  paging ccp aerofoil spread, 
  and put your ishtar inside it . 
  \\ #chainsawed, 
  does the whip go ` pssssh ' when you hit someone ? 
  great news . 
  tranquil boots might be useful too . 
  paging / u/wollari please make sense of this, 
   must be willing to live in a remote small town in a desolate wasteland where everything costs 2-10x as much as you 're used to, 
  i live in australia , i 'm used to a lot . 
  you can also crtl-click on a bottle to make someone else drink from it . 
  useful if you 've just teleported from the fountain and still have the refilling aura . 
  alternatively , make out a loan contract to her for the amount the needs , payable out of her estate . 
  no no no , no interest , just give money with a document saying it must be paid back . 
  you either want to help your mum or you want to make money at the expense of everyone else in her will . 
  yeah nah , steam does n't do much for you really ; just adds another point of failure . 
  as soon as you attempt to login to eve , it will download any patches you need , so the prime benefit is lost . 
  still , do what you like , you can always go onto the eve web site later and transition to a non-steam account if you want . 
  autz is pretty strange as far as corps go ; there 's a lot of smaller corps , a couple of multi-timezone corps are just so big that their aussie members are significant , and one of two really-high skill corps that are hard to get in but really good at the game . 
  i can point out a few if you 'd like , but you do n't have to join a player-run corp immediately ( although you should aim for it during your first month ), 
  good question . 
  ironically , a lot of the new player experience has changed to support `` just flying around learning about stuff '' but there 's still a dedicated tutorial chain for those who want it : http://wiki.eveuniversity.org/tutorial_and_career_agents_in_eve, 
  also , ips is tax-deductible , which is kinda a big deal . 
  utc never has daylight saving . 
  not purple , shoot it . 
  ships in the same pick up fleet as you show as purple on the local overview window . 
  the implication is that everyone else is fair game, 
  not until someone posts a five hour video of ` whoop whoop it 's the sound of the space paolice ', 
  to be fair , it * kinda is * . 
  chaos knight is difficult to farm with . 
  probably better off with other heroes first . 
  i 'd prefer dotlan to do it * also *, 
  repair rate warfare links are useless during a gank situation . 
  you want :, 
  * shield resistance warfare link, 
  * mining yield link ( with mindlink implant ), 
  * a link of your choice, 
  evernus does n't do a good job telling you what to trade in . 
  that 's your job . 
  however , assuming you have chosen some things to trade , you put up a buy order , someone buys a few items , then you relist at a profit , then it will remember the purchase cost , margin based on current sell order price , estimated time until the order is filled , profit per item and total profit for the order . 
  also , when you import prices , it will highlight any orders where you have been outbid , and when you click on the red box it will paste the suggested price into your clipboard . 
  it 's up to you whether you modify your order or not , though . 
  after doing that for a while , you 'll be able to see some stats about your net worth etc. 
  the metrics have spoken , i guess . 
  i guess the point that the eve community is making is that the value for money is low compared to other games , which is why the current offerings are not really scratching the customisation itch the player base has . 
  cosmetic microtransactions are a well-understood staple of games like path of exile and dota2 , but with a few differences . 
  * cosmetics with equivalent costs to eve stuff is way , way more flashy, 
  * cosmetics that have equivalent flashiness and narrow application to eve stuff is way way cheaper . 
  in short , there 's a long way to go . 
  you could choose a support that is hard to find . 
  treant has a global spell , and can use items and abilities while invisible ... 
  it 's state of origin tonight though ... 
  needs in-game browser support to know who is clicking on the link , and whether they actually are in the place where the op is taking place . 
  maybe recently , but not always . 
  come on , do n't you wish you had skinnable engine trails ? 
  not even close , actually . 
  instead of inventing from a t1 bpc , you use small < quality  hull sections . 
  pretty sure they can be invented in a station but need to be manufactured in an advanced small ship array . 
  iirc the skills needed for manufacturing are a bit steep , too . 
  meh , that 's never been possible for keyboard users . 
  you ca n't out-ride your fork , i guess . 
  20m sp minimum , or 20m sp maximum ? 
  you 'll never guess what happens next . 
  sounds like you want the unhedged ones then . 
  thing is , greece needs control of its own currency because it does n't measure up to the rest * of the euro zone . 
  the threat of being kicked from the euro zone needs to be real for the whole thing to work . 
  sending screen shots would be easier . 
  why not set up manual direct debit initiated by you , rather than automatic payment ? 
  perhaps step 1 should be to have an api at all . 
  the use case of a participation link could be as easy as exposing a locations api call . 
  your group could poll all the members at once , and whoever 's in < location x  is considered to be participating . 
  that 's actually easier than doing it in eve . 
  markov chains are a hell of a drug . 
  sofa so good . 
  i guess the obvious question is : why do it ? 
  also , please trim some of the text from your services page . 
  it 's really wordy . 
  e.g the entire second paragraph of each section can easily be cut . 
  how much debt does 5kg represent ? 
  the smh is centrist , the tele is populist rightist , and the oz is merely right-leaning . 
  no to second heart . 
  skadi is your second heart . 
  otherwise daedalus . 
  ever tried bottle ? 
  it 's kinda awesome . 
  also in lane i like arcanes instead of treads . 
  allows you to counter harass a lot better . 
  soul ring also works but you need sustainability for it to be an option . 
  mid chaos knight is ballsy but possible . 
  it 's a 10 % proc ; that 's heaps of room for more crits .
