  because they 're really popular , but supply is low ? 
  are you quite sure that level of vitriol is warranted ? 
  yeah , you really do n't want to get into the murky depths of derivative works if you can help it . 
  fifty bucks gets you quite a few spins on [ goon of fortune ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/goon_of_fortune ) . 
  tanked tech 2 freighters ? 
  would n't that be a sub system insteadof aan entire ship ? 
  probably best to check out / r/bravenewbies, 
  or you could pick up one of the 60-day trial codes from the collector 's edition for 300m and not have to pay any rl money . 
  then perhaps refine those and hoard everything else , provided you have the means to compress it . 
  and by dark development gods they mean icelandic mma fighters . 
  they * really * like big missiles . 
  do you have a youtube video showing the mac intro ? 
  fyi :, 
  * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2gxlj61x2xm, 
  * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqh5nmly5hi, 
  i had that problem recently on my mac . 
  changing some settings fixed it . 
  in my case , it was to disable the security setting that prompted before allowing unsigned applications to be installed . 
  apparently it was also limiting the download size of unsigned applications , with predictably tragic results . 
  no , it was an osx setting , although i did use chrome to download it . 
  literally [ yesterday ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/dust514/comments/23zurw/youtube_fanfest_2014_prestream_ccp_games/ ) . 
  i had to stop myself from mentioning to my wife that i was going to the supply depot for some milk and bread . 
  and yet , magic : the gathering has been around for more than 20 years , dungeons and dragons has been around my entire lifetime , etc etc. 
  geese keep quite well when they 're treated with care . 
  yes and no . 
  what ccp shares with wotc and blizzard and universal studios is a franchise of products set in the same world or series of worlds . 
  some franchises are built on a series of products in succession ( fast and the furious , diablo ) , others are built on people using the same product for long periods of time glued together by pvp interaction ( eve , magic , starcraft kinda ) , and others have both one-off games as well as long-running products , such as eve-dust and warcraft . 
  it 's not about the technology so much as the risk involved in setting up a new franchise . 
  new product line in an existing franchise is low-risk ( see : eve : source ) . 
  you 'd think this would also be the case with adding an mmo to the existing world of darkness franchise , but i strongly suspect that ccp has n't been particularly good caretakers of wod and if i understand it correctly , has sublicensed the rpg book side to a bunch of ex-ww staffers anyway . 
  this is probably the best approach , but the ip has withered a bit in the last few years . 
  if wod was in better shape , i believe it would have been fairly successful ( or at least , as successful in its niche as eve ) . 
  i also think that ccp did not and still does n't have the resources to make two mmos at the same time , not to mention dust and valkyrie . 
  ccp was right to write off the project , and i hope they license it out to another game developer ( perhaps they could make a joint partnership with goblinworks ), 
  faction warfare ? 
  you have n't mentioned that . 
  you can always be the sacrificial gas miner , 
  if you read bruce schneier , you 'll know that the nsa has many tools to make sense of that data . 
  it 's okay . 
  if yo have the isk to buy a collector 's edition 60-day code from someone , you should be able to get 60 +21 days for about 300m isk ( no buddy reward though ), 
  try the sell orders forum . 
  if really pushed i could probably find a few amongst the dust514 community . 
  early sets were variants of grey ogres ... 
  bears are 2/2 for ( 2 ) . 
  ogres are 2/2 for ( 3 ) which is much more indicative of the power level before tempest or so . 
  assault scram has insane kick :(, 
  the audio production on haegemonia was superb . 
  the sound of shots striking the ships was very well done . 
  so yeah , a militia minmatar logistics suit with repair tool and nanite injector and smg or combat rifle should do you well . 
  have additional fits with nano hives and or uplinks for deploying early . 
  at first you 'll probably rely on a basic armour plate to keep you alive . 
  eventually you 'll use shield extenders as well , the complex ones are quite good . 
  ps logistics suits have no sidearm so you 'll have to lean on grenades a bit . 
  the hottest character i 've seen would have to be [ ] ( http://www.charbase.com/1f525-unicode-fire ) . 
  do you use bootcamp ? 
  how about timemachine ? 
  have you gone into settings  security and privacy  general and changed it to allow apps downloaded from ( x ) anywhere ? 
  i encountered a few problems with osx 10.9 silently noping out when downloading and installing eve without changing it to allow apps from anywhere . 
  performance is okay , but it crashes occasionally . 
  i tend to close steam when i have eve open , just in case there 's weirdness . 
  eat out cheap with this one weird trick !, 
  bunnings hates him !, 
  i give it even odds that the o'farrell receipt was leaked by a rival in the libs . 
  if so , they probably do n't want the icac to keep investigating further . 
  message sent, 
  \\* * blushes * \\*, 
  this seems like a design deficiency . 
   plex . 
   there are three necessary preconditions for this situation to arise :, 
   1 . the good in question must be an inferior good ,, 
   1 . there must be a lack of close substitute goods , and, 
   1 . the goods must constitute a substantial percentage of the buyer 's income , but not such a substantial percentage of the buyer 's income that none of the associated normal goods are consumed . 
  inferior good : not * strictly * inferior because there 's no in-game alternative . 
  from a certain perspective , one only buys one plex per month , but if prices are spiking people will stockpile instead of spending isk on golems , so maybe . 
  lack of substitute goods : true - only substituted by paying rl money, 
  large but not complete part of budget : seems fair . 
  i do n't think people will always stop ratting after they 've plexed for the month , but it 's a large part of the outgoings of the average joe . 
  yeah , doctrine fits obey normal supply and demand rules , allowing for a bit of profiteering . 
  download speeds ... 
  my jazz hands are ready . 
  30 year old copper . 
  ahead quarter speed , full stop when it 's raining . 
  if you want the biggest guns , you got ta make some compromises . 
  i think it 's fair to say to remove the second equipment slot for non-prototype scout suits . 
  yeah , considering i 'm lucky to get a dozen kills per match and it takes me all week to get the 30 games it takes me to cap , this is effectively a regular double sp week . 
  i really prefer front-loaded bonuses instead . 
  `` first infantry kill per day : +10 k sp for a max of 70k per week '' is still a better idea for 95 % of dust 's player base . 
  you 'd think that , but the download itself gets cut off after a few gig with the security setting enabled . 
  so is the nbn , that does n't stop the government whining about it . 
  ds4 is a lot better , btw . 
  well , it will make them pretty decent because copying a tech 2 blueprint used to take forever . 
  greyscale is having a think about it now . 
  there 's a browser plugin to take a screenshot , maybe upload to imgur ? 
  there goes the rest of molden heath . 
  this works well btw , using an advanced scout suit as a logi and it tanks pretty well . 
  you can , however , get the full skill bonus using any tier of the relevant suit . 
  so , training amarr assault v still gets you the full bonus even when you 're swanning around in a standard-grade amarr assault suit . 
  [ okay . 
  ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-ydpiyfoxtre/ttmynjoff2i/aaaaaaaaa_i/ulpzj_qpq5a/s1600/scannersexplodinghead.gif ), 
  hoping / u/fuzzmiester makes a version of fuzz works bpo tool incorporating these changes .
