  drop ships are hard mode if you use mkb . 
  ground vehicles are okay though . 
  one learns to be careful with the filters when viewing corp blueprints in the industry screen ... 
  something something c1 wormhole . 
  malcanis has indicated that greyscale 's dev blog will be a paradigm shift ... 
  burning heretics . 
  a business card works just as well . 
  orca is more useful for actual mining support though . 
  it has mining fleet boosts , a survey scanner bonus , and still carries a bunch of ore . 
  also it aligns in about ten seconds if you pulse an mwd to boost the speed . 
  lol a grand total of 36 suits . 
  i 'm so bad at dust . 
  i think they changed the slot layout - tried to fit a second high slot and got disconnected . 
  am rebooting my ps3 ; hopefully that will fix it . 
  so 's saberwing , to be fair . 
  this is getting quite a lot of down votes . 
  can someone explain why ? 
  you 're a lot more likely to have a business card than a calling card . 
  it 's just more plausible i guess . 
  ah , the west island . 
  my bpo scout suit lost some fitting room too . 
  i split the difference and went int/per . 
  they 're quite noob friendly if you come from somethingawful . 
  just like all the reddit corps are extra-nice to you ( or at least , less hostile ) if you 're from reddit . 
  as is customary amongst the recipient of a duelling challenge , i get to select the weapons . 
  i choose rugby teams . 
  courtesy of absolute idiom ii . 
  tldr if you get 5000wp/hour you 'll cap out at the same speed as any normal week . 
  yeah , ( implicitly free-range ) cattle is one thing , battery hens are another . 
  it lasts a long time when you do n't die . 
  i prefer [ fuzzwork ] ( https://www.fuzzwork.co.uk/blueprints/0/12032/-4/5/-4/5 ) , since it shows you how the average cost changes as you adjust via decryptors . 
  jump, 
  did i say jump ? 
  i meant hold, 
  local is primary, 
  what 's the pap link ? 
  you can use a covert cyno to bridge blockade runners too . 
  basically , send dust isk to his dust character or eve isk to his eve character , and he sends isk in the other game to a character of your choice according to whatever the exchange rate is . 
  better to do accelerated skill point gain instead . 
  remember , skill points you spend as a noob will probably be spent badly , so it 's better to have a lot coming in so they can recover . 
  i have n't put any skill points into medium frames since the reset . 
  it 's easier to just brick tank a scout . 
  so if 75m dust isk is worth way more than 1 plex , does that mean 1 plex is worth way less than 75m dust isk ? 
  turn off secure application install ? 
  is n't that the way from jita to cfc space ? 
  did you try curl or wget ? 
  surely you should be able to download from the content delivery network . 
  hmm if you have the bandwidth , try the old one first ? 
  it should patch to the latest then . 
  he also sells templar blueprint packs and stuff , i 'm sure there 's a forum thread of people who do business with him safely . 
  i suppose if you 're really suspicious , you can trade isk using game time card codes ? 
  if you do it on the forum , ccp will enforce the trade . 
  sure . 
  ships are hard and often not profitable , modules ( and ammo ) is easy . 
  i suggest building modules for the time being , although it 's generally a good idea to invent some t2 ammo as backup , because sometimes you just do n't know what else to manufacture so putting in some t2 ammo will fill your production lines until your next batch of whatever is ready . 
  t1 ammo does the same thing i guess but at potentially less profit per hour . 
  as far as what modules to start with , you 'd know better than me - you 're in bni so you know the fits and what gets lost ( check your billboard if required ) . 
  hell , build miner iis if desperate . 
  bring in some t2 frigates from jita or whatever and see if they sell before biting the bullet on inventing them . 
  for practically anything t2 , there is a t1 version as part of the bill of materials . 
  generally , however , modules are invented without using meta items or a decryptor . 
  ammo is always built with a meta item ( i mean , one faction round of ammo vs 50,000 rounds of t2 ammo ? 
  of course ! ), 
  and sometimes is built using decryptors ( generally the larger it is , the more likely to use them ), 
  this goes for most things , really ; the more is riding on a particular invention run , the more likely it 's cost-effective to use a decrypt or . 
  which decryptor ? 
  well , the stuff i make is usually a process ( expensive stuff ) or parity ( other stuff , some ships ) , but there are cases where you use the others . 
  yes , there are lots of time efficiency and invention slots open . 
  time efficiency because it 's oversupplied ( you see many blueprints at me30/pe10 ) and invention because the jobs take so little time . 
  many invention jobs take 2.5 hours , so even a casual player can do twenty invention jobs per day , and a lot more if you 're willing to login throughout the day for a few minutes to install some more . 
  in fact , it 's entirely possible to run enough invention jobs in a day to fill ten manufacturing slots for an entire month , without resorting to ammo . 
  i have a tower at my disposal , but i often invent in station instead , because the 50 % time reduction of a lab is n't as convenient as being able to invent ten jobs at the same time ( in a lab , you need an interface of the right type in each lab , and then you have to split your bpc stash between labs , and you can only run two or three invention jobs per lab because that 's how many lines they have . 
  so yeah , way more of a hassle . 
  rigs are a great way to get into t1 and t2 industry . 
  another thing is t2 ammo ( but it 's slow to build in a way that rigs are not ), 
  yeah , i generally only build t2 rigs that i 've ever considered putting on a ship . 
  then use the corp blueprints . 
  for what ? 
  i read industry blogs that a combat pilot would find tedious . 
  i thought that was estonia . 
  amazon pings me every three months for a recruitment drive . 
  there certainly are companies willing to poach internationally . 
  is the e3 visa still a thing ? 
  open source project contributions help , as do non trivial stuff put up on github . 
  in my case , they 're probably trawling through anyone on linkedin with dev ops or aws experience rather than targeting me directly . 
  they cast a wide net . 
  but the best thing is to have real life work experience before you graduate . 
  what 's with the massive down vote brigade over anyone mentioning jester lately ? 
  just the turret skills ? 
  they play eve ; they 're already inured to boring stuff . 
  is this where we kiss ? 
  a/b testing in production ? 
  that 's more sophisticated than i expected . 
  you know you can post the [ exact twitter status ] ( https://twitter.com/eve_liveevents/status/457337263039733761 ) right ? 
  it 's the link you get when you click the time ( e.g. 
  ' 5m ' or ` april 17 ' ), 
  https://cloudacademy.com if you 're interested . 
  why complain ? 
  that 's what boats are * for * . 
  voter turnout in australia : [ 93.83 % ] ( http://www.aec.gov.au/elections/australian_electoral_history/voter_turnout.htm ),
