  t1 modules ? 
  do your sums . 
  sometimes you ca n't afford to waste production lines on something with poor isk per hour . 
  hell , sometimes you just ca n't be bothered hauling or buying the minerals ( ofc you will have mineral buy orders at your station but they 're not guaranteed to fill when you want them ), 
  goo itself ? 
  not historically . 
  it was usually better to do reaction chains or manufacturing , because they 're both time-consuming in different ways , so scaling out both is a headache . 
  except he really does put tanks in malls . 
   ** 10 years ago ** a woman thought was `` oh i just started early at 12 '' . 
  wait what, 
  * use ult, 
  * wait until :58 or so, 
  * cast f on the camp , aimed so the creeps get forced off a cliff or up to high ground, 
  pure magic vs pure physical, 
  they 're out there . 
  1.7 k might be higher than your level , but not hugely . 
  you might want to start by researching a better savings account - half a percent interest on $ 400k is $ 40/week , and you will definitely park that money in a bank , at least until you decide on where to invest it . 
  be on the watch for gotchas , and come back and post your findings . 
  it will help you gain proficiency in spotting bullshit , which is always useful . 
  but seriously , you should seek a financial advisor , even if it 's just to verify that your plan is feasible and that there 's nothing you have forgotten ( like income protection insurance , or a pre-nup/will so that $ 400k goes to your parents instead of your girlfriend 's family , etc ), 
  so , enable unit sharing and let someone else do it, 
  i look forward to sending weird evemails to my corp again . 
  i 'd rather keep my plex to donate to charity than spend it on myself atm . 
  stealing things and travelling in ships is how australia was started . 
  on the other hand , they might bring back winter battlepass-style wagering , where the winning team splits 50 % of the losers ' wagers . 
  quite a few brokers have referral deals too - i know cmc does . 
  bridge is up jump jump jump, 
  let 's make it simpler . 
  lc is slot starved - blademail , blink , bkb , boots - there is not a lot of room for aghs , so it needs to be something ` worth ' taking with those free slots , over ac or whatever . 
  so , if we make aghs to be a credible replacement for bkb during duel , it might be worth it . 
  thus :, 
   aghs effect : applies the current level of press the attack * once per second * during duel . 
  * it saves you mana and time when duelling, 
  * it purges stuns so duels are harder ( but not impossible ) to disrupt, 
  * the effects persist for a few seconds after duel , so that 's an additional boost to health, 
  * you can pta after duel because it 's not on cooldown . 
  there are down sides compared to bkb :, 
  * you still take magic damage, 
  * disables still affect you , even if only for 1 second max . 
  this includes bashes, 
  * you get no benefit outside of during a duel . 
  but it 's still overall a good option imo . 
   and mines, 
  are n't the mines themselves the source of damage ? 
  techies owns the mines , so it gets gold from the kill ( just like illus or summons ) but i do n't think it gets xp unless it 's within 1300 range . 
  you had a tinker - that 's a lot of split push right there . 
  or while he ults , which happens every team fight . 
  also the people responsible for the 2/5 change from year to year as staff move around . 
  50 % of the time it works all the time . 
  pretty sure that was the song played during his entrance to the last white house correspondents dinner . 
  i think the most likely outcome is factored in already . 
  apple shift click ? 
  tying stuff to moc might work , but also leaves her vulnerable to evasion and disarm . 
  at that point , it 's probably not worth it any more over bkb, 
  i do n't remember what i press , but whatever i press to put an item in quick buy , i add shift to , and it adds to the end . 
  2 days `` check how to shift-queue quickbuy items '', 
  more like road engineers . 
  i think the criteria is `` build the road for $ speed_limit + 15km/hr '', 
  or the corollary , which is `` if you ca n't navigate a road at 15 over the limit , lower the limit '', 
  there 's just more cranes i guess . 
  even then , you 're likely to be slot starved with mjolnir and aghs , so a second mjolnir is probably not the correct play . 
  why even spend money ? 
  some trading platforms allow you to make pretend trades , so you can track your virtual portfolio for the asx sharemarket game or whatever . 
  ok , just tried it . 
  shift click sentries and it goes into quick buy . 
  ctrl shift click sentries and you now have two separate sentries in quick buy . 
  just use the nerfed values from overthrow or coliseum, 
  from what i can tell , the crucial time is post 6 , where you need to help lc snowball the first few duels . 
  so many times i see lack of warding or smokes that make it hard to find those pick offs . 
  your employer pays you less though . 
  +1 for aggressive wards . 
  what if your family came over in the gold rush tho, 
  do n't question mark lol, 
   it 's no surprise they would n't integrate with the local community . 
  send in one nation, 
  well , you guys do have l&p . that 's some good shit right there . 
  i 'd do it for $ 24.999 b, 
  `` people keep asking if i 'm b [ a ] ck and i have n't really had an answer . 
  but now , yeah , i 'm thinkin ' i 'm b [ a ] ck '', 
  chaining commands by using bindings and aliases was nerfed around 6.85 . 
  ash weather effect, 
  turkey 's latest coup is arguably the worst they 've done . 
  i do n't think we should ask them for tips when they 've clearly lost their touch . 
  gust is good . 
  what about diffusal ? 
  okay , australian wines are quite good . 
  however , do n't discount the fact that wine is a status signal , and being able to open a 2008 penfolds to impress your guests does not mean either of you could tell the difference , or care about the wine itself . 
  some things i like quick cast for ( blink ), 
  if you turn quick cast on key up , then you also get the targeting cursor when you hold the key down . 
  lich sacrifice is not a real deny . 
  feels  reals, 
  no it is n't . 
  compendium quests do not trigger on it , and it does n't give any xp to enemies like a real deny . 
   * units killed by sacrifice do not count as denied . 
  enemies do not gain any experience from the unit . 
   * all allied heroes within the experience range share experience from the unit killed by sacrifice . 
  i do n't know how else i can prove it to you ... 
  [ a walk in the green \\ ( i was only nineteen \\ ) - redgum ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urtiyp-g6jy ), 
  he was doing theatre roles before then , though . 
  it 's not as if he was idle .
