  i remember a different episode of the panel where he was talking about australian snakes . 
  glenn robbins asked `` so if you get bitten by one of these things , what should you do ? '', 
  steve looked at him and said , `` well , first , you should take off your shirt . 
  then you fold it and put it in the crook of your arm , like this . 
  then you lay your head on it , so you 're comfortable while you die . '', 
  to be fair , we are a bit dim in general . 
  australia . 
  * has planes , but realistically it can defend against indonesia but would be rolled over by anyone on the un security council . 
  * has subs , but only has enough to conduct low-intensity war . 
  * has tanks , but leaves them at home and uses us-supplied ones when abroad ( hey , if the yanks start a war , the least they can do is provide the hardware when we help out ), 
  australia has a population of 22 million people . 
  now imagine how tiny the icelandic military would be , since there 's only 300k people in the entire country , and most of them are fishermen or mmo developers . 
  west island 's got your back , mate . 
  [ friendliest country in the world ] ( http://www.smh.com.au/travel/travel-news/friendliest-country-in-the-world-named-20130404-2h920.html ) to tourists . 
  it is customary to provide proof . 
  industry is great for casual players . 
  often i log in just to setup orders , jobs and to autopilot around high sec while shooting people in the face on my ps3 . 
  if you want serious posts , go to failheap-challenge . com . 
  otherwise , your experience will be mixed . 
  but let 's all recognise that this subreddit is better than the eve forums because of the down vote button . 
  the thing you have to remember with eve is that you are n't a fighter pilot ; you 're a starship captain . 
  it 's very far apart on the twitch-o-meter scale . 
  that makes sense , they do n't have any cool toys at all . 
  i research up to 100/20 because , hey , resale value . 
  technically , you 'd need six drone bay blueprints and one of each other type for optimal carrier production . 
  buy or make them . 
  i logout for about 2 weeks . 
  polish , germans , irish , vietnamese , greek , lebanese , chinese , sudanese - every foreign culture that comes to australia in numbers gets hassled for about 30 years until people calm the fuck down or die off . 
  who cares about usefulness ? 
  popularity is what matters . 
  manufacturers care about margin and volume . 
  classification is a vital service , and the government is as good as anyone to do it . 
  what 's your stance on censorship , rather than classification ? 
  anything refused classification in australia ca n't be sold , so yeah , the board does both jobs . 
  mining index 2 is terrible . 
  once you get to 3 it gets a lot better . 
  having said that , yes , it 's more profitable to rat , and refine + buy minerals than mine . 
  it 's because minerals obey the law of supply and demand , but rat bounties do n't . 
  considering that mining is less enjoyable , under a free market it would actually be more profitable than ratting , not less . 
  be the father of my kids . 
  hence ` free market ' . 
  true . 
  i love jon hallur and hazar . 
  that 's the thing . 
  noobs who buy veteran characters and die repeatedly * do n't * stay in the game . 
  you guys are the only country anywhere close that out numbers us . 
  who else could even take on our tiny military ? 
  what the hell are you doing on reddit then ? 
  it 's part of our national ' ** harden the fuck * up * ' ** strategy . 
  why do you think we win so many olympic medals for swimming ? 
  sharks in the pool , mate . 
  you can still get close ; just [ not in the us ] ( http://www.infochoice.com.au/banking/savings-account/term-deposit-interest-rates.aspx ) . 
  not that i 'd trust the american banking system anyway . 
  sociopaths can still think rationally , even though their morals may be somewhat skewed . 
  whether you think it should be acceptable to drink drive , walk around naked or kill anyone for the fun of it and finger paint with their blood , it 's still illegal and has unpleasant consequences for you if you do it . 
  in highsec ? 
  nope . 
  maybe . 
  it should be easy to kill though ; perhaps 150k ehp so you can trash one within 2 minutes . 
  seek.com.au is fairly big in australia . 
  they 're just standard assault rifles . 
  they just happen to be original blueprints , so they make your fit really cheap . 
  my officer weapon backbone :(, 
  maybe their women are less attractive . 
  maeby they should have . 
  ccp taking them away from me ? 
  ok , after you get max probing skills , what do you train your alt for then ? 
  check . 
  undecided which recon to go for . 
  probably rapier , so it can be used in w-space escalations . 
  that nose is a lethal weapon in a headbutt fight . 
  i love name of the game . 
  not even that , all you need is a shuttle . 
  and that 's because station research fees are too low . 
  vegas is my autopilot album , 
   seriously though , probably fozzie or dolan could do it, 
  that 's not exactly ` the community ' taking care of it then , is it ? 
  i think everyone knows there 's a lot of new development work in the pipeline , but what about balancing existing stuff ? 
  i 'm not japanese , but i 'm still appalled . 
  my family speaks chinese , so when they go to a restaurant they order off-menu dishes . 
  then i try to order the same dishes when i 'm out with my friends , with hilarious results . 
  what are the key benefits and challenges to working with sony on the playstation platform ? 
  how soon until we can drop supply depots from orbit for `` surprise !, 
  forge gun '' action ? 
  that 's a relief . 
  i was n't looking forward to creating dozens of psn accounts to farm dust characters with . 
  what ? 
  i have expensive dropsuits to maintain . 
  and can we have them as pets ? 
  i thought they did this already ? 
  never tried putting a vehicle underneath tho . 
  will the weirdness of shooting missile turrets lateral to vehicle movement direction be fixed ? 
  are they available in the eve database ? 
   what sort of changes will be done to make the heavy relevant again ? 
  depends what the heavy dropsuit bonuses will be . 
  i 'm impressed at the thought that has gone into what i 've seen of the uprising skill changes . 
  for instance , the new logistics dropsuits get inbuilt armor repair , which frees up a low slot for utility modules such as scanners , sensor boosters , codebreakers etc. 
  who knows what the heavy suits will have ? 
  will crest access to planetary control feeds be out in time for uprising ? 
  believe me , the public relations benefit of having dotlan update in real-time would be sizeable .
