  #### fit ####, 
  [ thrasher , pve basic ], 
  1mn afterburner i, 
  adaptive invulnerability field i, 
  medium shield booster i, 
  damage control i, 
  overdrive injector system i, 
  #### required skills ####, 
  * minmatar destroyer i, 
  * afterburner i, 
  * tactical shield manipulation i, 
  * hull upgrades i, 
  obviously , the medium shield booster is for occasional use , because it will chew your capacitor very quickly . 
  if you have spare cpu then the overdrive should be a gyrostab . 
  alternatively , stay at long range and pepper them with missiles from 25km +, 
  [ talwar , pve basic ], 
  micro auxiliary power core i, 
  co-processor i, 
  co-processor i, 
  small shield booster i, 
  1mn afterburner i, 
  adaptive invulnerability field i, 
  upgraded ` malkuth ' light missile launcher , nova light missile, 
  upgraded ` malkuth ' light missile launcher , nova light missile, 
  upgraded ` malkuth ' light missile launcher , nova light missile, 
  upgraded ` malkuth ' light missile launcher , nova light missile, 
  upgraded ` malkuth ' light missile launcher , nova light missile, 
  upgraded ` malkuth ' light missile launcher , nova light missile, 
  upgraded ` malkuth ' light missile launcher , nova light missile, 
  ( the upgraded lmls use so much less cpu than the tech 1 version - well worth the investment for newbies ) a few skill points in weapon upgrades should let you drop a co-processor for a ballistic control system or a damage control . 
  ### what makes a good corporation ###, 
  [ leaders ] ( http://www.endie.net/wordpress/?p=42 ), 
  [ community ] ( http://www.endie.net/wordpress/?p=52 ), 
  [ the big story ] ( http://www.endie.net/wordpress/?p=58 ), 
  yes , both codes are , although the demand is niche as you 'd expect . 
  i 'm interested in both types . 
  alpha , by definition does not take into account rate of fire . 
  if your target has < 1155 hit points , they 're not walking away from it regardless . 
  sir , put down the keyboard and step away from the regex . 
  buttfish . 
  not even once . 
  perhaps ask on fail heap . 
  lords servant magically appears whenever someone mentions titans or naglfars . 
  my t2 bpos only output about a thousand modules per month . 
  why not join some of the existing au time zone corps ? 
  having said that , i could do with someone to do orbital strikes when i 'm playing dust . 
  i 'm all for tech 2 manufacturing in high sec ( germany ) , as long as it 's possible to cut corners in low sec ( china ) and do it cheaper or faster or both . 
  null sec ( africa ) is a bit risky to plop down factories , but it has all the resources ... 
  or at least come over to whirlpool and say hi . 
  you get loyalty points as soon as you drop a bombardment , even if you do n't kill anyone . 
  it 's a bit random ; it 's mostly influenced by which systems are doing the most plexing . 
  worst, 
  uh , gon na need a little context there , champ . 
   on patch night , i wearily predicted that a [ zero-sum vehicle game ] ( https://forums.dust514.com/default.aspx?g=posts&amp;m=1591828#post1591828\\ ) ) would develop quite rapidly whereby you would n't require infantry av anymore simply because a tank does a better job at killing vehicles and can also kill infantry , while an infantry av player is no longer effective against tanks , and was never effective against infantry in the first place . 
  the first night i saw two tanks , the next i saw five , and now it 's not uncommon to see 7 tanks a side roaming about . 
   to be fair to the argument , and for an argument to carry more weight , i decided to switch completely to hav vehicles and see what their issues were and how this could be improved upon to make a better game for everyone involved . 
   i ran two fits - a railgun fit and a blaster fit . 
  the railgun fit was a sica with damage mods and hardener , while the blaster was a pre-fitted creodron hav i picked up in one of the promotions ( forgot i even had it ! ), 
   i must admit it 's strange after you start playing exclusively in a tank , because it feels like you 're playing a different game to everyone else . 
  first of all , capturing points becomes irrelevant , so winning and losing become ethereal concepts . 
  generally you just get on with the serious business of destroying anything you can , and in a tank , you have quite a selection . 
  i 'm always on a constant lookout for other tanks , because these are the greatest threat to me , and occasionally you have to be aware of hunter-killer dropships and turret installations , but that 's it . 
  turret installations are great fodder and within 5 minutes of a battle if i 'm quick off the mark i can be well on the way to 1000 wp just from destroying installations . 
   i lost 38 tanks during my many battles since the 1.7 patch - 30 of those were to railgun tanks and 7 to blaster tanks . 
  i lost one tank to a manned railgun installation . 
  i never lost a tank to infantry av ( re 's , proximity mines , swarms/forges or av grenades ) . 
   my comments :, 
   - i run into terrain clipping issues a lot more in a vehicle . 
  sometimes my tank would veer into an angle when there is no noticeable terrain increase , sometimes i would just get stuck for no apparent reason and would have to recall my vehicle . 
  this happens more often near any kind of structure . 
   - not once did i ever run out of ammo , making the use of ammo limits and the resultant ammo expansion packs questionable . 
  when i 'm retreating after taking a beating i will swing by a supply depot anyway , but the speed of a tank makes it trivial . 
  the blaster tanks have a massive magazine , while the railgun magazine size seems correct . 
  both have about 3-4 reloads which is comparable to infantry so the only suggestion would be to reduce blaster magazine ammo totals slightly to compensate . 
   - the reload mechanic i like , it gives a good `` flow '' to battle , and means you must manage both your heat , and your ammo magazine - not only must you manage when your magazine will empty , but also the rate at which you are fire to avoid over-heating - difficult if you are used to `` fire until empty '' infantry weapons . 
  this does n't need to be touched . 
   - vehicle skills are at a noticeable disadvantage to infantry skills simply because there are few passive bonus skills . 
  despite ccp mentioning they wanted to have less `` access only '' skills most vehicle skills are `` access standard modules at lvl 1 , advanced at lvl 3 and proto at lvl 5 '' . 
  a lot of infantry skills do n't work this way and this give vehicle skill investment less inherent value . 
   - railgun tanks are particularly vicious because even through hardeners they can do incredible damage . 
  it resembles infantry combat in many ways because if you get the jump on another tank in a railfit , you can usually do tremendous damage and in many cases outright destroy him if you do a quick , accurate alpha strike before the opponent can react . 
  there are issues with railgun tanks - although it was `` fun '' two-shotting dropships out of the sky from across the map , it did n't feel particularly fair . 
  i feel a lot of this comes down to map design , as you can just sit on the redline and bombard the map with impunity with little chance of being hurt yourself ( apart from another rail tank ! ) . 
  maps need to stop having elevated terrain surrounding the burnzone and should have a redline below the `` sea-level '' of the burnzone to prevent this kind of behaviour . 
  this means if a tank wants to stay in the redline , he can , but he wo n't be able to hit anything - again i iterate this is not a tank issue , but a map issue . 
   - my hardeners seem to stay on for a long time , giving me a big window for my hardeners and/or my damage mods . 
  this needs to be reduced . 
  when i activated my damage mods , i had enough left in my cycle to destroy an enemy tank , switch position , take out a turret , an lav and then engage another tank . 
  they also activate independently so if i have multiple hardeners and/or damage modes i can overlap them to almost have a `` permanent '' cycle of modules . 
  this makes me less picky about choosing my engagements . 
  this is a broken game mechanic . 
  in so far as other tanks are concerned the choice of when to activate your hardener is more tactical , as other tanks have the same capacity as you - manoeuvarability , damage output and they also have hardeners - against infantry it 's another matter entirely , but i 've covered this in the next point . 
   ( continued below ), 
   - infantry are irrelevant in a tank . 
  i never lost a tank to infantry and this should be a concern - i 'm not an experienced tanker . 
  i had a few ocassions where i was damaged by multiple forge guns but simply moved out of line of sight to regnerate , activated a hardener and retreated , or just exploited the recall mechanic . 
  infantry felt more like an annoyance at the best of times . 
  swarm launchers do n't even deserve a mention . 
  as soon as you 'd see the signature trail of missiles , you could just turn a corner , move out of line of sight , or retreat out of lock range , at full speed , all the while firing at the player . 
  if they were close , i tried what i 've seen many people do now - just exit your hav and shoot them with your assault rifle - they have no anti-infantry capacity !!!,
