  if someone uses bkb you will hit them , too . 
  hmm , odd . 
  seen this ? 
  i feel like i 'm missing an / s here . 
  am disappointed there 's no / u / _ 9mother9horse9eyes9 post in here . 
  the worst kind of orange . 
  the chen effect . 
  gives a new meaning to ramsay 's kitchen nightmares . 
  http://www.breville.com.au/the-originaltm-2-slice.html ( triangles ), 
  http://www.breville.com.au/the-big-onetm.html ( square - clearly the better choice ), 
  whole is much easier to crack an egg into . 
  why would you move through different tax brackets through the year ? 
  i respect you for fighting the good fight , but that ship has sailed . 
  to be fair , he 's been doing this for longer than most of us have been alive . 
   you are proud of a lifestyle in which you or your culture have made no contributions - you were lucky to land on a landmass full of resources . 
  while you speak of injustice in other cultures , you treat your own poor as scum . 
  your record of treating indigenous australians is about as bad as the nazis . 
  hello , 000 ? 
  i 'd like to report a brutal murder . 
  you learned a valuable lesson . 
  be thankful it was n't more costly . 
  you * can * call someone on their bullshit while not being perfect yourself . 
  india might be a shit hole , but at least it 's trying to improve . 
  i do n't think i could realistically drop a tax bracket by salary sacrifice . 
   brazzers, 
  one definition of legacy code is code that has no automated tests . 
  that 's not how payg income is disbursed by most businesses . 
  you get paid $ 2k per week , so they withold tax based on an expected $ 100k salary . 
  to do otherwise is either cruel or stupid . 
  lance is the new drums . 
  sounds like a recipe for going semi afk, 
  i heard that you must load multiple balls at once to get the middle slot . 
  the first one will break the peg , letting the next one through . 
  yes , i realise how rare that is . 
  so , like , one click . 
  mana bar in australia was good for a few years , but eventually folded . 
  wonder what the reason was - possibly got too clique ish . 
  i think everyone is uncertain at buffett 's successor . 
  tldr `` chinese customers only want name-brand baby formula . 
  new brands upset about this '', 
  the middle peg thing is just a rumour , but yes you can load multiple balls . 
  it may not display them all at once , though , so you 'll have to check your battle point log to see what you got if it bugs out visually . 
  yes . 
  maelstrom , monkey king bar and other proc will trigger for full effect . 
  solo pushing is really easy if you just send manta illusions down the lane once you determine you are close to overextending . 
  tried seattle ? 
  echo sabre also works , strangely . 
  vanguard is for carry riki ( or against pl i guess ), 
  what do you use for mana sustainability ? 
  some options i see around are wand , bottle , mangos , raindrops , casual medallion , and sometimes echo sabre as a drums replacement . 
  it does n't spread the slow around though - just the first 2 hits during the ult . 
  step 1 would be to hang around that system for a while to see who the locals even * are * . 
  putting up a citadel is a lot more like moving into a new neighbourhood than you 'd think . 
  generally , but you can stay positive for a long , long time in low sec as long as you do n't kill pods . 
  [ this trend ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/four_pests_campaign ) ? 
   the four pests campaign was one of the first actions taken in the great leap forward from 1958 to 1962 . 
  the four pests to be eliminated were rats , flies , mosquitoes , and sparrows . 
  the extermination of the last upset the ecological balance , and enabled crop-eating insects to proliferate . 
  generally it 's better to make p1 on each of four planets , launch it , and make a p1 -  p2 -  p3 setup on a convenient barren/temperate planet . 
  troll works a bit better in this strength-hero meta though . 
  he brings the single-target damage . 
  could be childhood disease that affected your teeth development . 
  could be lots of things , not necessarily genetic . 
  it 's mostly global warming though . 
   that 's why yasp 's average mmr is higher than what valve reports too, 
  that 's a relief . 
  it 's hard to deal with being in the bottom 3.74 % of all dota players , when i know in my heart that i 'm at least in the bottom 5 % . 
  iceland has the [ most restrictive ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/icelandic_name ) name policy . 
   first names not previously used in iceland must be approved by the icelandic naming committee ( icelandic : mannanafnanefnd ) before being used . 
  [ 4 ] the criterion for acceptance of names is whether or not they can be easily incorporated into the icelandic language . 
  with some exceptions , they must contain only letters found in the icelandic alphabet ( including \u00fe and \u00f0 ) , and it must be possible to decline the name according to the language 's grammatical case system , which in practice means that a genitive form can be constructed in accordance with icelandic rules . 
   by the 1970s and 1980s it had become common within african-american culture to invent new names . 
  many of the invented names took elements from popular existing names . 
  prefixes such as la/le , da/de , ra/re , or ja/je and suffixes such as - ique/iqua , - isha , and - aun / - awn are common , as well as inventive spellings for common names . 
  `` it works , though '', 
  phase boosts your last hitting and escape , so it 's not a waste to get early . 
  also , you do n't need to go all the way to vanguard if you do n't need to - just pick up the roh and save up for relic . 
  depends how much you need bkb-piercing lockdown or damage reduction . 
  if you just need chase , then you 'd go skadi . 
  yeah , so they ban names that do n't work well in that system . 
  it extended the ` six chests ' change to immortal treasures 2 and 3 . 
  freighters can do that - they just need expanded cargo holds . 
  so , doge and ceiling cat . 
  he polls higher than her , though . 
  an example in a recent game i played :, 
  i am pl . 
  i need to farm , but axe is pressuring me . 
  the two supports both rotate top and gank their safe lane and chip at the tower . 
  then they walk mid and gank mid . 
   space created, 
  enemy team is feeling a lot of pressure , axe eventually teleports out to help their collapsing safe lane , and i get free farm for a while . 
  eventually the enemy team stabilises , but does n't matter because i have diffusal and manta and we win . 
  which is ... make a lot of money . 
  i mean , fuck those movie studios releasing christmas movies near christmas , right ? 
  did it work ? 
  enquiring minds want to know . 
   a bottle full of minature helmets, 
  you can get about $ 500 tax back from the first $ 3000/year you contribute to her super ( after-tax ) . 
  you can do more than $ 3000/year , but you do n't get the tax break for it . 
  i do n't think salary-sacrificing into your wife 's super is tax-effective , but you might find it to be useful to do for your own super .
