  if you 're willing to spend 30 hours a week mining , sure . 
  no url rewriting plox . 
  the hard bit is cutting off your finger when your twin has an accident . 
  when the first progressive said `` let 's try doing this '' , the first conservative was the one to say `` no , i prefer the old way . '', 
  most conservatives in the gop are now [ reactionary ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reactionary ) instead . 
  actually it 's 20 aurum per cent . 
  i fly machariels, 
  i look incredible, 
  from a wormhole down the road, 
  tldr ; this is fucking awesome , marbin . 
  thanks for coding it . 
  think of this as a tribute . 
  depends , but usually [ multiple billions ] ( http://serpentinelogic.wordpress.com/2013/02/11/industry-experiment-capital-component-blueprint-research/ ) for capital bpos . 
  \\  gets thorax fits, 
  [ rupture , artillery ], 
  damage control ii, 
  tracking enhancer ii, 
  medium shield booster ii, 
  10mn afterburner ii, 
  tracking computer ii , tracking speed script, 
  adaptive invulnerability field ii, 
  720mm prototype siege cannon , nuclear m, 
  720mm prototype siege cannon , nuclear m, 
  720mm prototype siege cannon , nuclear m, 
  720mm prototype siege cannon , nuclear m, 
  small tractor beam i, 
  medium capacitor control circuit i, 
  medium capacitor control circuit i, 
  medium capacitor control circuit i, 
  warrior ii x5, 
  optimal range is 40-50km . 
  if you have good skills , you can fit an mwd instead of the afterburner , but probably not a good idea to leave it running once you reach optimal range . 
  my sister was so impressed with her ipad after her accident that she now [ organises charity events ] ( http://www.artforspine.com/ ) to buy them for hospital spinal units . 
  this is what i would do if it were me flying it , but i generally advise new players to fit a damage control in all circumstances , because they have much less experience noticing when things are going tits up , and reacting appropriately in a timely manner . 
  stick with your squad mates . 
  logistics suits have no sidearm slot . 
  use grenades as a backup weapon instead . 
  plant drop uplinks at the start of ambush games . 
  random spawning leads to being shot by reds . 
  type 1 logistics suits have 3 equipment slots and are strongly recommended . 
  personal armor repairers are really slow . 
  if you have a remote repairer , top up your squad mates after a fight . 
  heavies will love you . 
  carry a nanite injector to revive squadmates after a fight . 
  hopefully a squadmate will have an injector for when you inevitably go down . 
  when in doubt , carry nanohives to resupply your squad . 
  if they already carry some , then feel free to carry something else instead . 
  plex deals on amazon . 
  research only . 
  the blueprints were purchased from npc sellers . 
  still annoyed at lack of rss feed for dust devblogs . 
  that is a very long , incredibly disturbing expose ' . 
  makes me feel fortunate that i do n't live in the usa . 
  any kid who has spun around in circles until woozy knows this to be true . 
  yes , they 're used in [ loyalty point offers ] ( http://games.chruker.dk/eve_online/item.php?type_id=17190 ) . 
  i think i have a few thousand tags sitting in a container in jita . 
  one day i 'll get around to doing something with them ... 
  then they 'd need camera drones to spot who shot down the advertising drones . 
  many of the ones i usually suggest are now wardecced . 
  hmm . 
  there 's a case to be made that civil was was inevitable , given its origins in the bloodbaths of ww2 . 
  maybe i should message people instead , 
  science : it works . 
  australia should do what israel does :, 
  if you are an organ donor , you go ahead of all non-donors if you later need an organ . 
  you can make lactose-free ice cream at home . 
  the second rule of / r/eve is * no buddy threads * . 
  diseasles : the artistic way to get sick . 
  i , too , was once fifteen . 
  well , eggs get warmed by chickens sitting on them and still manage to hatch , so i think your concerns are overblown . 
  battleship rats drop more salvage , plus better chance of armor plates . 
  patch notes . 
  showing only vehicle and installations would still be a significant advantage without unbalancing the match . 
  the dust mini map shows everything blue , and red dots show up at various ranges , at various speeds and for variable amounts of time based on skills that most dust players do n't train . 
  well , it 's probably because people like me stopped buying billions of isk worth of minerals to build battlecruisers with . 
  australia . 
  and even then , it 's a little frayed around the edges . 
  a tier 1 battleship bpo is a decent choice for ~ various reasons ~, 
  well , get all four then ? 
  2 % of the budget must be cut . 
  large chunks of the spending are n't able to be cut due to stipulations in the sequester bill . 
  this includes a bunch of defence and social security-related stuff . 
  what 's left in the ` discretionary ' bucket needs to be cut a * lot * more than 2 % to make up for this . 
  why not just kick him from corp ? 
  best . 
  bouncer . 
  ever . 
  and bitterness . 
  do n't forget bitterness . 
  still wrong . 
  if the tether from earth to geo weighs x , then all you need is a big asteroid weighing x to tie it to . 
  so the cable can easily be 1.001 x the height of geostationary orbit . 
  a couple 7-day passive boosters would not go astray . 
  oh , i occasionally buy a few neo a-type suits or modules ( cba training for cistern nanohives just yet ) but unless you 're in a srs bzns corp battle , the majority of fits will be isk-only . 
  is it worth spending ten bucks to save , what , 8k isk per game ? 
  that 's 400 neo a-type suits worth of aurum ... 
  i lose 0-5 suits per game ; perhaps 0-7 in longer skirmish matches . 
  your results may very . 
  i find your wide-eyed optimism endearing . 
  1 . select fit,
