  it makes for risk aversion . 
  solution is to remove implants and replace with skill training boosters that last x months . 
  does n't matter how many times you get podded , those training boosters will run out when they 're due . 
  and if you are cheap you can pay for the standard strength , and if you 're rich you can buy the strong ones . 
  cerebral accelerators are an ` implant ' that 's really a long-duration booster . 
  i disagree ; i think the * implant * part of them needs to be changed . 
  not in eve . 
  after thinking about it , you 've just kicked the can down the road a bit . 
  `` oh crap , i need to learn social iv but i just implanted a bonus to gunnery , better keep training turrets '', 
  if attributes are removed for forcing players to min-max training instead of training what they actually want , then so too should narrow training implants be changed . 
  tldr ; learning boosts should be a flat + x % regardless of which skill you want to train . 
  i know a * lot * more about sf after reading that . 
  `` it takes a brave man ** not ** to be a hero in the russian army '', 
  and removed trailing spaces from paragraphs . 
  and added a . . that they should n't have . 
  and removed a ) that they should n't have . 
  overall 7/10 could do better . 
  petition . 
  in the petition , ask for a reimbursement of game time for the time you were banned . 
  federal labor is much less shit than nsw labor . 
  federal liberals are much more shit than nsw liberals . 
  there 's been hints that legion features are turning up in dust . 
  no news on the major legion feature though : open world . 
  no news on that , but dust will have to move somewhere eventually . 
  it 's built on unreal engine , like valkyrie , so it could be ported anywhere . 
  that just means you 're restricted to 5 skill groups . 
  it 's still a retrograde step . 
  the solution then becomes ` no worse than at present ' , which is cool if that 's your design goal , but that , imo , is not sufficient . 
  there 's still the twin problems of :, 
  risk aversion due to pretty-much-mandatory-implants, 
  to get flexibility in what you can train , you need to double-down on more implants in your pod , exacerbating ( 1 ), 
  which is why i support changing at-risk-of-podding learning implants into not-at-risk-of-podding , * timed * learning boosters . 
  what those booster ( s ) look like is of lesser importance . 
  hell no . 
  you * monster * . 
  you have been banned from / r/paoyongyang, 
  wait , they fired victoria from / r/iama ? 
  aw , fuck no . 
  upvote for being technically correct and quibbling semantics . 
  only if you win . 
  you 're back, 
  fumblr, 
  stop trying to make the eve forums happen . 
  it 's * not * going to happen . 
  it 's mostly funded from serenity server . 
  they did take it down , but only for a few minutes . 
  someone posted a mean ama question to jesse jackson , sparking a shitstorm of wtfs . 
  he 's now shadowbanned . 
  / r/pics went private . 
  reddit admins went in and unprivated it again , because , well , eyeballs  protests . 
  this kind of thing goes on behind the scenes , and increasingly often . 
  i doubt it 's because he 's leftist . 
  he is , however , quite * litigious * . 
   from what i recall did n't the reddit admins actually stand up for us when we had problems with mod censoring content a while back and help us get better mods ? 
  no , that was the original creator of the subreddit who came back . 
  admins did fuck all . 
  heavy autism spectrum v, 
  just do n't claim the tax free threshold on that job . 
  it will still count towards youth allowance since that 's based on income not taxable income . 
  what about the nrl forwards ? 
  instant 100x mining rate . 
  surrounding a pair of hookers as usual . 
  presumably because those chains did not raise prices . 
  it does n't roll off the tongue . 
  so to speak . 
  australia supplies the polymer , but each country chooses which thickness they want to pay for . 
  dan murphy 's makes bank , even if it gets sold off your job will be safe . 
  put some effort in . 
  waterproof though . 
  i hear that 's important over there . 
  it 's not so much about water proof , rather mould proof . 
  you have to body aggro dinosaur ancients though . 
  i thought there already was one . 
  go into the eve down under channel and ask . 
  diffusal is not the right choice . 
  his illusions deal full damage so the mana drain is not so impressive . 
  skadi is ok but you 're probably better with sange and most of the way to assault cuirass . 
  bring back / u/aradon, 
  there 's an option in the launcher to download everything . 
  it will still let you start playing , but will keep downloading while you play until it has everything . 
  * do * try to keep up , 007 . 
  do their menus still brag about their food using the latest microwave technology ? 
  our instant coffee is better than yours , even though it 's quite average compared to espresso . 
  if you need to look for late-game items , then manta , heart and ac are good . 
  * manta because yasha-based items affect illusions , and you have +2 illusions, 
  * heart because it 's a lot of + strength and lets you keep armlet on all the time, 
  * ac because anyone near you ( and your illusions ) will suffer from the armour nerf , plus it tanks you up and increases your attack speed . 
  other good things are bkb and anything with crits , since your illusions will do 100 % damage crits . 
  it 's only a 10 % chance . 
  if you need dps , more crit is fine . 
  something like 180m per month . 
  ask me in a month . 
  you heard it here first . 
  oculus is primary , ccp is secondary , all guns on oculus oculus oculus, 
  http://evemaps.dotlan.net/alliance/al3xand3r . 
  let 's start small : if you were n't living at home , how much would you spend per week on rent , utilities etc ? 
  perhaps ask some friends and work out a rough number . 
  this is the non-negotiable amount that you must not spend if you hope to ever move out . 
  earmark 3-6 months of this figure as your moving-out nest egg/emergency fund , and invest that where you can get at it relatively quickly . 
  note that how much you save each month should be above this number , otherwise you 'll move out and find you 're not saving any money at all .
