   i 've seen so many people stocking up on stats though . 
  ignore your friend . 
  stats are good because jugg can use a lot more mana than he usually has , and his ult gets expensive quickly . 
  a few points in stats early really helps alleviate this problem of needing burst man . 
  spin uses less mana , does more damage , and has lower cooldown as you level it . 
  this gets maxed first . 
  ward starts off good and gets better , but 1 or 2 points is often enough for a while . 
  crit does n't scale well ( with points - it scales well with your farm ) , so you max that last . 
  well , i guess there 's some sort of sense - the number of pink diamonds produced by argyle is about one milo tin per year . 
  the demand may be variable , but the supply is * very * constrained . 
  so , technically warhammer 30k . 
  and even there , it 's not about the cost of drivers ( which is 200k/year plus out there ) , it 's more about reducing fuckups . 
  when each train represents a million bucks of profit for the company , the last thing you want is a derailment because the driver was n't paying attention going down a hill . 
  the libs were n't thinking that far ahead - they just wanted to privatise qr . 
  what happens * after * it 's sold is not their concern . 
  history has shown that keeping it hush hush is a really effective strategy . 
  why change now ? 
  imagine my disappointment after learning that mexican dip has 0 % mexicans in it . 
  do n't even get me started on baby back ribs . 
  * do n't pull without letting the carry know . 
  sometimes it 's better to stack the large camp and continue onto the rune instead . 
  * do n't single-pull the small camp unless you want the next wave to push . 
  * consider binding a key to the chat command ` pulling creeps ' ` chatwheel_say 50 ` and `` stack and pull please '' ` chatwheel_say 48 ` . 
  i bind them to [ and ] because i ca n't spare chatwheel space . 
  * as support , you need to determine whether your carry can tank the creep wave solo while you pull . 
  a level 6 slark can ; a level 5 slark who has run out of regen probably ca n't , and will be annoyed at you . 
  * as a carry , your job is to use a pull to either reset the creep wave near your tower ( you need to tank the creeps a bit ) , or to last-hit under tower , or if you have wave clear , you will clear the wave , push the lane , then rotate into the jungle until the wave comes back . 
  what 's the skill build ? 
  yeah , then you have both insurance companies chasing after the taxi driver , 
  8-930pm aest is the sweet spot . 
  charlie do n't smurf, 
  on the plus side , eve happily functions at modem speed , so you got that going for you . 
  pretty sure ambos ca n't pronounce someone dead . 
  they can imply pretty strongly to the media if the situation warrants , though . 
  yeah , houses in hedland were $ 900k + a couple of years ago . 
  now ? 
  same houses on the market for $ 350k and probably dropping further . 
  like accenture , thoughtworks etc - they send you away to glamorous places , misrepresent your skills to the client , pay you a fraction of what you 're being charged out , and work you to death ( hey , you 're in a foreign city or country , what else are you going to do ? ), 
  it 's fine for a while , but do n't kid yourself that you have a long career at the company . 
  it 's just a body shop underneath the expensive suits . 
  well , ibm has a permanent ban from queensland government tenders , after the qld health debacle . 
  bit of column a , bit of column b, 
  i have a fair bit of respect for some thought works staff . 
  i also know what they 're charged out at . 
  and yes , working directly for a bank would be painful . 
  really ? 
  i do n't think an etf is a good choice . 
  op wants easier access for a house deposit - i think something like a hisa , term deposit ( assuming there are term deposits with better rates than a hisa ) , or if you want a bit more yield maybe a short stint in something like ratesetter might be about the extent of it . 
  money you put into the mortgage saves you about 5 % on interest . 
  you 'd need investments to return at least 7 % pre-tax to match that . 
  and you might choose the wrong investments and get much less . 
  considering that paying off your own loan is essentially risk-free , you can see how good an idea it is . 
  well , rent in some of those towns could set you back $ 80k/year , so that 's not an attractive option either . 
  well , it might be ok . 
  i mean , getting sent around the world for $ 130k/year is a pretty good deal if you 're 25 . 
  by the time you 're 35 , married and kids ? 
  not so much . 
  to be fair , en_us and en_gb should have separate localisation files . 
  spelling is different , and possibly words . 
  i know op wrote, 
   localized language support, 
  but it 's really just localisation . 
  but still charged out at $ 1250/day from day 1 . 
  tldr ; faecal microbiota transplant fixed up her gut flora . 
  it 's a real thing , it 's cheap , and it works for intestinal things that antibiotics ca n't fix . 
  port hedland , circa 2014 . 
  ok cool , but in the case of a soldier going `` oops i accidentally a civilian '' , it 's handled by the army . 
  it has its own laws and courts-martial and the whole shebang . 
  imo border control officers , being civilians , should get the same protections as prison wardens get , and nothing more . 
  at 1k i 'd rather have a jungler than a tri lane . 
  i have seen zero evidence so far that people know how to tri lane at this bracket . 
  i know i do n't . 
  if there 's a jungler , at least someone is getting last hits . 
   as long as one person knows how to pull, 
  this does not apply . 
  i do n't know what it 's like in the top tiers , but in 1.2 k land , i see someone ( besides me ) pull in about 10-20 % of games . 
  heck , i just had a game where we had 3 supports , but zero pulls ( or wards , tbh ) . 
  or dagon 1 then veil then more dagon , if you must go dagon . 
  ck likes it , but does n't have sustain :(, 
  i find it amusing that in 50 years , people might be saying `` ha , what idiots they were for trying to do so much exercise - they should have just ingested some worms to lose weight instead !, 
  what primitives . '', 
  i miss the zipper merges sydney has . 
  on the plus side , perhaps there 's a few unemployed driver trainers in the pilbara who want to come back to qr ? 
  does rockhampton still have a driver training centre ? 
  i know a whole bunch of trainers got poached by mining companies over the years . 
  they 'd probably be at retirement age , too . 
  a sidebar link to a web page listing all the builds would be nice . 
  it 's hot sauce , not chill sauce . 
   added a dialog on startup to correct a common performance problem on windows 10 . 
  i see . 
  hmm , it kinda blends into the title bar :(, 
  probably just needs < 100 % transparency on that button to make it stand out a bit . 
  so , a $ 550k mortgage has a minimum repayment of ~ $ 630/week ( it scales up and down - a $ 400k loan is only $ 450/week ), 
  you know that you want to buy a property within the next couple of years , so long-term investments are out , because you need access to the cash . 
  stashing money in a hisa is n't glamorous but it might be your best bet . 
  as for how much you should budget ? 
  a good rule of thumb i read from paul clitheroe is to aim for double your minimum repayments . 
  it gives you faster paying down of the principal , without going overboard just to save an extra month off the loan in 5 year 's time . 
  so , for a $ 400k loan that means you aim to put away $ 900/week , either into your loan , or the bank account earmarked for the deposit/offset account . 
  either way , it will get you used to it .
