  yes , i know that roo-proof fencing is very expensive , but when, 
   `` kangaroos eat 70 per cent of the feed [ ... ] '', 
  then it might pay for itself . 
  doubling income from a fenced area within 3 years does n't necessarily mean it pays for the fence within 3 years . 
  might be 2 , might be 10 , depends on the cost to lay and maintain . 
  that 's the tops of trees and bushes . 
  so , how does that compare to a real punt return ? 
  it 's the ` dry earwax gene ' . 
  it 's on til every month or so . 
   ccp have also said that they 're in for the long term on this, 
  well , their mmo has had 13 years of free expansions , so i guess they have form . 
  the opinion that has been growing on me is that we as a nation should expedite the processing , regardless of how many people we take in . 
  multiple year back logs are not acceptable . 
  rickman was a hard core leftist , if that helps . 
  australia already has a huge proportion of skilled migrants and a minuscule number of ` relative of a citizen ' migrants ( unlike the usa ), 
  our absolute numbers are relatively low , and processing times for asylum seekers is way too long . 
  this is true regardless of the number we let in . 
  personally i do n't want to see kids in detention centres if there 's another option , which is currently off the table because of the last couple of prime ministers . 
  as far as asylum seekers ,, 
  we took in shiploads of vietnamese refugees and there was the same level of vitriol then . 
  but political leaders said ` fucking deal with it you recalcitrant mugs ' and stuck to its guns . 
  it helped that labor was in power so the people who were complaining were probably labor voters . 
  if you want to see more asylum seekers being let in , then it needs to become an issue that swings votes * towards * those who want more humanitarian intake , or you need politicians that will take an unpopular stand ( more likely to happen ) . 
  at the moment , the labor left is where that needs to come from , or maybe if the right keeps fucking up with shorten , it will end up being the greens . 
  but do n't hold your breath . 
  it depends whether you can stay alive long enough for the 3000 gold build up . 
  s&y has a much easier route . 
  veno is ranged . 
  shields do n't work very well . 
  better off with ring of basilius and extra tangos . 
  custom flair ? 
  ok , but if there 's a custom flair , can you use it as part of a css selector to customise the image as well ? 
  if one needed to , one might resort to transferring money out of the account then back in ... 
  there 's also lands that you can bring in if required against aggro , such as [ [ desert ] ] or [ [ quicksand ] ], 
  so tide hunter off , lich or gyro safe ? 
  wedge charity, 
  new south frontal wales ? 
  also easier to pick up . 
  dota has aussie servers . 
  the best cargo hold decorations, 
  also http://www.panmacmillan.com.au/9781743537916, 
  by others ? 
  voluntarily ? 
  not yet :, 
   stop tping everywhere, 
  i do n't yet play with the calibre of players who even buy teleport scrolls :(, 
   hedron crawler is sooooo good . 
  turn 3 thought-knot ? 
  turn 3 bearer of silence ? 
  i think if you do n't need to constantly ramp every turn , [ [ warping wail ] ] is a lot more flexible . 
  yeah if there 's a jungle lc and a melee pos 1 , you really need to be ranged support , and a strong one . 
  lion ( stuns ) , warlock ( heals ) , lich ( lane control ) , maybe kotl ( anti-push , mana ) if your carry has a spell worth spamming . 
  once your lc gets blink ( ~ 9 minutes if they 're not terrible ) then encourage them to duel one of the offlaners . 
  with your help ( and the carry 's ) , they 'll get a duel win and can snowball , which will relieve the pressure in your lane . 
  why not buy anyway ? 
  can always drop in the fountain if someone else needs one . 
  close . 
  '' [ yet another stats page ] ( https://github.com/yasp-dota/yasp/blob/master/readme.md ) '' . 
  do other countries like sauce on their fingers or something ? 
  i donated a dollar , mostly because cheese buyers are indefinitely tracked , so i do n't have to visit every few days to have my matches parsed . 
  i have you tagged as `` dp fanboy '' , no need to add context to that . 
  weaver would like to have a word with you about void . 
  i literally do not have enough games played to unlock ranked . 
  well , now newbies will be able to buy some skill points with that buddy reward isk . 
  that 's a good thing . 
  baumi coaches `` just a friend '' how to play ember, 
  try https://yasp.co/players/xxxxxxxxx/peers to see who you regularly play with . 
   where is that page at where all the csm people answer questions , and then i can answer those questions too to find which csm rep best represents me ? 
  not sure if it 's ready yet though . 
  lotus 1-2-3 was a killer app . 
  or bounce the land, 
  ps4 sticks are much better than ps3 sticks though , so hopefully auto aim is tuned per platform . 
  is that so wrong ? 
  is there a difference between pitch , yaw and roll speed ? 
  is she running again this year ? 
  guinea pigs are one of the very few animals that can get scurvy , so that 's another thing you have in common . 
  start with something like this package first, 
  after a certain point , an urn is better . 
  except cheaper to buy . 
  do they benefit from sceptre upgrade too ? 
  because that 's a * lot * of pushing available . 
  someone did the math recently - under most circumstances , the raw damage increase from daedelus provides roughly the same dps boost as moonshard does via attack speed . 
  so , if you 're ever in the situation where you want more damage but ias is better than crits , then get moon shard . 
  an example of when you 'd want ias over crits :, 
  * you already have crits ( wk ), 
  * you have something really good that procs and does n't have a cooldown ( spirit breaker ), 
  * you 're an agility carry but for some reason you do n't want to build butterfly ( pa ), 
  some situations where you would shy away from moon shard unless you 're 6 slotted :, 
  * you have abilities that have cooldowns or max-number-of-attacks ( gyro , weaver , kunkka ), 
  * you get mad ias already ( huskar , troll ), 
  * you need agi/stats more than ias ( drow ), 
  skadi is practically core on slark , i do n't see why it should n't be core on riki , since he has equivalently-bad stat gain . 
  i bound ` nice ! ', 
  to chat wheel instead , since ` well played ' might be construed in a sarcastic manner . 
  in a match last night , we were in serious trouble . 
  then viper said `` guys , we got this . 
  i know we 've lost 4 rax , but lc just duelled the np and he 's out of the picture for 80 seconds . 
  let 's all mid , take rax and push straight to throne . '', 
  so [ we did , and won ] ( https://yasp.co/matches/2089788276 ) . 
  someone with a stun is always appreciated .
