  if not , there 's a few autz alliances in syndicate i can put you in contact with . 
  you guys still in venal ? 
  complex shield extenders . 
  they make a huge difference . 
  i hate using aur gear but i 'll bite the bullet if my corp needs it . 
  after all , the money goes to ccp so i 'm okay with that . 
  hmm , not the changes i was expecting . 
  presumably racial advanced suits will need frame iii + specialization iii , and racial protos will need frame v + spec v ? 
  i 've been of that same opinion for years . 
  it 's obviously a srs bzns . 
  : picard : why would you ever train basics 5 then ? 
  ah hang on , racial suits still get the bonus based on that skill , so yeah , that 's a reason . 
  tech 2 ship also require level v in the tech 1 ship to get into ... 
  it is . 
  yes . 
  generally the basic frame bonus is freaking awesome anyway , so it 's not so bad . 
  the bonus that the medium frame skill provides to specialised frames . 
  welp . 
  roleplaying reason : every time someone plugs in sleeper-derived implants , bad shit goes down . 
  actual reason : : effort :, 
  imagine [ this ] ( http://www.eve-market-guide.com/invention.php ) is somewhat representative , except using completely outdated date . 
  [ i hope you like numbers ] ( http://wiki.dust514.info/index.php?title=medium_dropsuits ) . 
  probably looking at different suits . 
  generally , logistics suits can be tankier , at the expense of actually doing good damage . 
  they also do n't have sidearms , although since uprising , i have n't used my sidearm much . 
  if you want fast-moving with not-terrible armour , i suggest you look to minmatar assault suits . 
  the assault suit generally runs a light shield tank with damage modules for effective take-downs from flanking positions . 
  the logistics suit is more of a spec ops style suit , with bonuses to hacking and equipment slots for explosives , drop uplinks and the like . 
  but medium partisan is okay ? 
  i do n't like where this is going . 
  are you sure you 're comparing frames from the same race ? 
  there 's no inherent penalty for logistics suits . 
  however , they are slower , and have lower base durability than assault suits . 
  since logistics players usually have scanners or repair tools out rather than weapons , they tend to use their slots on utility and tanking rather than on damage modules . 
  militia suits are like mini versions of the basic frames , and their stats align accordingly . 
  yeah , we 're fairly big down under . 
  you 'll probably see a few of us around in pub matches . 
  join anzac-asia channel and you can squad up with a bunch of aussie players of all different corps . 
  try again ? 
  i meant try the link again , you drongo . 
  ~ ~ no ~ ~ * ~ ~ maybe ~ ~ * yes . 
  is that somewhere in western australia ? 
  in a coming update , you will be able to fit a cloaking device ... 
  it 's actually a better deal than paying full price for active boosters ( of course you can use both at once ), 
  nice . 
  of course , i really do n't want to buy them if the ps3 store charges me 50 % more than usa prices . 
  learn to forge . 
  this is why i do n't login on patch day . 
  or most days . 
  ca n't be too sure ... 
  and this is why i do n't login on patch day . 
  ^ ( actually , any day . 
  but let 's not get sidetracked . ), 
  look forward to seeing you guys on the ground . 
  yes they are ; in fact , they 're not even looking at them until after downtime today . 
  stacking penalty is not working at the moment . 
  it 's a secret , 
  i do not care about ccp 's internal processes , so much as the items they 're working on . 
  i am okay with them keeping stuff under wraps that might not see the light of day . 
  however , if something does get the green light , then developer interaction is a great idea and providing notice to the community that something is in the pipe really fosters good communication . 
  my ceo forgot to mention that we 're heavily weighted towards autz players . 
  you know , minor details and all . 
  you 're not australian until you start calling people you dislike , ` mate ' . 
  ten years subscription is serious business . 
  i would interact more with eve on my phone than i would with my sporadic login attempts . 
  remove, 
  if you like someone , you call them ` hey bob you old bastard , how 're you going ? ', 
  if you do n't like someone , you say , ` stay clear of johnno , he 's a bit of a bastard . 
  oculus rift + eve online = [ evr ] ( http://www.digitaltrends.com/gaming/evrs-rapid-road-from-concept-to-eve-fanfest-conquest-and-what-lies-ahead/ ), 
  i love it when people jump . 
  it means i know where they will be landing so i can prepare . 
  bonus points if they jump straight up so i do n't even need to adjust my aim . 
  this would be a lot more useful if we had that skills dev blog you mentioned ... the one that details what other changes are in the works . 
  imo stats should be transparent ; formulas can be either . 
  contact support and they 'll find it again . 
  again , an easier-to-read version than what 's on the forums . 
  hopefully he 'll get his full site up and running soon , 
  also , let 's face it , basil , carrots , peppers and tomatoes can easily go into the same pasta dish . 
  support link is on dust514.com, 
  what about weapons ? 
  i 'd like to respect from gallente assault rifles into caldari rifles when they become available , but who knows when the weapons will be fleshed out :(, 
  yeah , but you can see how it 's a slippery slope . 
  imo , ccp is n't going to set the precedent that placeholder gameplay items are okay . 
  i believe hell 's librarians used to run something like this - they pay you x million isk per month per character , and in return they expect you to finish x invention jobs for them . 
  really ? 
  i see the benefit , but i do n't see them outweighing the negative press it could generate via screens hots from people with an axe to grind . 
  when there are [ alliances making 664m * dust * isk per day ] ( http://serpentinelogic.wordpress.com/2013/05/23/this-week-in-dust-uprising-week-1/ ) , it 's going to get worse , not better . 
  you can get corp creation services anyway - tell them the name and a week later they give you a corp with max faction standings and max members . 
  it 's been talked about a couple of months ago . 
  the consensus was that it 's actually not that cheap . 
  most fits can benefit from a small amount of dual tanking . 
  for instance , caldari suits often run with a basic plate and/or basic repairer , and gallente suits often run with a shield extender or two , especially when stacking penalties make multiple damage modules inefficient . 
  any of the racial logistics suits can function as medics , although probably the gallente and caldari ones work better than the amarr and minmatar ones ( those suits lend themselves to slightly different battlefield roles ) . 
  so to get them , you 'll need < racial  medium frame iii , then the relevant racial logistics dropsuit skill to at least i. 
  i thought i was pretty decent with the tar until last night , when i encountered someone with a programmable mouse . 
  yeah , that 's pretty unfair when i 'm getting hit by 12 bullets per second from a supposedly-semi-auto weapon . 
  well , there are people who [ do stuff like that ] ( http://volpinprops.blogspot.com.au/2011/07/n7-rifle-mass-effect-3.html ) , but they 're probably not cheap . 
  conservatives do n't want things to change . 
  [ reactionaries ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reactionary ) want things to go back to what they used to be . 
  well , i guess the navy *** is *** full of seaman .
