  idk . 
  maybe it will work out which one they are by their phone id . 
  this guy smokes, 
  upper class will negative gear more houses each , which expands the problem a lot . 
  [ yes . 
  ] ( https://hydra-media.cursecdn.com/dota2.gamepedia.com/0/0e/cosmetic_icon_the_international_2017_glowing_aegis_style_upgrade.png ), 
  how do you get your income ? 
  if it 's personal services income , the ato will cut right through that company structure and treat it as paye . 
  not unless you find a way to not be psi , which is usually fairly difficult . 
  same industries as sda `` covers '', 
  australian super is popular . 
  ok its really big . 
  it 's also consistently in the top half of all super funds year on year . 
  there 's probably better ones , but there 's a lot of worse ones . 
  so when you are looking , compare other funds against it . 
  well they 're not famous over here . 
  what the hell are kfc bowls ? 
  been a thing for decades , chombatta . 
  well the labor right faction is less enthusiastic about unions . 
  that 's more of a left faction thing . 
  in the meantime , work out . 
  in the meantime , work out . 
  witch doctor and troll combo, 
  not sure it 's possible . 
  veil , lens , use his ultimate . 
  well , one thing that ~ ~ women ~ ~ * everyone * responds well to is someone who has their shit together . 
  just focus on being a more awesome version of yourself , by yourself , and, 
  * you wo n't give off a needy vibe, 
  * you 'll attract a better class of person, 
  well , you can set up an investment company that owns all your investments . 
  money it makes gets taxed at the company tax rate . 
  once you retire , you start winding it down by making it pay dividends to you . 
  probably only worth it once you hit the top tax bracket though , what with the compliance costs . 
  pa is weak to magic burst and stuns because nobody builds bkb at 500 mmr . 
  yeah , but the mining tax shows they will choose their members over the good of the country . 
  that 's their right , but it bears noting . 
  faith no more , brisbane festival hall , late 90s . 
  this explains the plot of prometheus, 
  drow gets maelstrom and probably aghs, 
  someone needs vladimir too, 
  at least one person needs tranquil boots for regen . 
  royal pines on the gc has a good restaurant, 
  complaining about ccp is just another career to choose from if you 're an eve player . 
  not with * that * attitude m8, 
  same character , in flashbacks probably . 
  note that after the fixed term , the interest rate might jump to above the variable rate , so be prepared to pull all the money out of the offset account and plough it into the other loan if that occurs . 
  imo if you can handle double the minimum repayment schedule , then you 'll be fine . 
  paul clitheroe recommends that amount , as a good tradeoff between early repayment and having a life . 
  well in this case , it ended up with 000 . 
  ah , for growing avocados . 
  good thinking . 
  they might know of jobs way before you learn about them , though . 
  what 's the difference between that and the `` traditional '' one on their web site ? 
  i defer to your grindr expertise . 
  or you reduce demand by advertising campaigns . 
  oh , you can double it . 
  wow . 
  it 's just different outlooks on how to pay down debt . 
  i prefer the mathematically-optimal method ; others prefer the method that works better for human psychology . 
  there 's a fairly high threshold needed to register for gst . 
  something like $ 75k turnover . 
  otherwise just treat the profit as income . 
  yeah they have this weird vomit aftertaste in a lot of their chocolate because hershey used to use spoiled milk . 
  i do n't know how they can stomach it . 
  learning to fire bad customers is as important as firing bad employees . 
  that 's one of the reasons americans have problems with sending food as gifts to people from other countries ; the food is better there . 
  * chocolate is better ( more cocoa , less vomit , sometimes less sugar ), 
  * bread is better ( less sweet , more bready ), 
  * cheese is better ( more fat , less plastic ), 
  * coke is better ( more sugar , less corn ), 
  * coffee is better ( more espresso , less non-artisanal drip filter - even foreign instant coffee is better than us instant ), 
  on the other hand , your exotic bbq sauces and rubs are top notch . 
  i have the same problem with initiating with legion, 
  * ( usually ) overwhelming odds, 
  * ( usually ) press the attack, 
  * blink, 
  * armlet/medallion/urn / whatever, 
  * blademail/halberd, 
  * duel, 
  in the end , i bound my items to extra hotkeys . 
  i 'm left-handed , so i bound them to 5 , 6 , 7 , but i guess you could bind them to 2 , 3 , 4 . 
  the idea is you just put your fingers over the keys so you can roll your fingers from pinkie to index finger ( 765r or 234r ) and get all your abilities off at once . 
  obviously , other heroes might use different keys , which makes it more difficult . 
  then you just have to repeat under your breath `` q c w r '' or whatever combo you need , so you at least have some of the combo in your head before you go on someone . 
  hth, 
  more like pork . 
  erm , so i 've been told . 
  it spread on the outside of the building . 
  it got hot enough for stuff inside the apartments to combust , with tragic consequences . 
  or item changes . 
  if oov damage from different sources stacked , pl would get better even without any other changes . 
  * or * you send 5 lances in , and you get illusions that are better than juxtapose anyway . 
  maybe as a talent, 
  so , if you want more practical experience , do some coding at the end of the semester . 
  what do you have lined up for vacation practice or work experience ? 
  that 's also really valuable . 
  yanks have democracy v1 .0 . 
  * elections on a weekday, 
  * first-past-the-post voting, 
  * some kind of caucus bullshit,
