  i mean , come on , sunburnt country . 
  dire or radiant ? 
  because , radiant mid has really easy access to medium camp ... 
   the name ** cold chisel ** comes from its use by blacksmiths to cut metal while it was cold as compared to other tools they used to cut hot metal . 
  because cold chisels are used to form metal , they have a less-acute angle to the sharp portion of the blade than a woodworking chisel . 
  this gives the cutting edge greater strength at the expense of sharpness . 
  it 's a fire safe . 
  it 's meant to prevent documents burning during a fire - not necessarily to stop thieves with pickaxes . 
   pressing attack reasons . 
  ftfy, 
  to make the ` best ' choice , you need to know, 
  * your hero, 
  * your lane partner ( s ), 
  * which lane, 
  * enemy heroes, 
  you may not know all of these things , but you can make a decent enough guess to make ` not-completely-wrong ' choices , which is good enough . 
  examples :, 
  #### your hero, 
  know your hero . 
  for instance , slark is squishy until level 6 , so you need to bring 2 sets of regen . 
  he also likes mana at level 6 so he can spam pact and accelerate his farm , so you need to itemise with that in mind . 
  so , that 's why i suggest 2xtango + stout shield + ring of protection as starting items . 
  rop builds into basilius , stout optionally builds into pms , and you can bring in other items ( wraith band , fixings for wand etc ) at about level 4 once mid has his bottle and stops bogarting the courier . 
  #### lane partners, 
  lane partners make a difference . 
  if you 're solo offlane , you might get raindrops , but if you 're dual laning , one of you might get basi instead . 
  if you lane with a healer , you might be able to skimp on regen and pick up a quick quelling blade . 
  if you lane with someone who is probably a better offlaner than you , then go straight for talon and jungle for a bit then itemise to come back into lane for ganks . 
  #### which lane, 
  mid itemisation is different to safe and offlane . 
  safe ( and sometimes offlane ) have access to side shop , so that influences what you want to bring with you . 
  often , someone going safelane will buy circlet and 2x branches because they know they can upgrade to wand without needing courier . 
  similarly , casual rops are often bought because the items the build into can be completed in the side shop , but the rop itself can not be bought there . 
  in contrast , mid owns the courier for the first few minutes , and you 're way more likely to buy an item -  immediately courier it to yourself mid . 
  #### enemy heroes, 
  some enemies spam spells ( bristle , bat , zeus etc ) . 
  if you suspect that one of those heroes will be in your lane , bring circlet +2 branches so your stick turns into wand asap . 
  perhaps you know you 're against a dual ranged pair - so you go instant pms ( or stout + slippers ) to reduce the harass . 
  perhaps you 're against necro , so instead of buying other items , you buy 2 mangos , or a ring of regen ( into headdress into vlads/mek ) or otherwise itemise against constant degen . 
  your matchmaking rating is always tracked , whether it 's ranked or unranked . 
  if you dick around in unranked , you will get matched with worse players than if you tryhard into a different player bracket . 
  having said that , once you calibrate , ranked becomes your tryhard pool , since dicking around in ranked is a good way to lose mmr . 
  unranked then becomes a bit more casual for you . 
  i 'm sure mr roberts thinks he exists , but * where 's the evidence * ? 
   birth certificate is shown, 
  no , that 's fake . 
  it 's clearly doctored by the australian medical association . 
  and infused raindrops to not die before you get bkb . 
  you ca n't force courier to deliver after you , but you can force it to deliver to you , after they use it . 
  and the answer is : not law . 
  law is fairly country-specific . 
  medicine is slightly country-specific ( the human body is the same , but regulations and accreditation differ , which can lock you out of your job for years ), 
  stem is not country-specific , save perhaps for civil engineering . 
  that 's because people quickly realised that it was an accounting trick . 
  on the other hand , the samarco mine disaster was hardly a trick . 
  i 'm confident you 'll find one . 
  clearly his ) is awesome . 
  as a homeowner , i wish my block of land was completely cleared 30 years ago . 
  the trees that remain are now huge ( i.e. 
  tall enough to crush my house if they fell over ) , but my zoning laws do not allow me to fell them . 
  note the entry requirements :, 
   entry requirements for international students, 
   prerequisites, 
   bachelor degree or equivalent with a gpa of at least 4.50 on a 7 point scale and four years full-time work experience post-graduation including at least two of the four years full-time work experience gained while working in a dedicated supervisory/management role as approved by the executive dean ; or graduate diploma in business administration from uq or equivalent with a gpa of at least 4.50 on a 7 point scale . 
   international applicants must complete the graduate management admissions test ( gmat ) with a minimum score of 550 . 
  if you ca n't stop playing dota withour raging , stop playing ranked . 
  play unranked until you 're chill . 
  if that does n't work , stop playing unranked . 
  play overthrow or custom games until you 're chill . 
  if that does n't work , seek advice from someone irl because there 's probably something else you need to resolve first , and we ca n't diagnose that over the internet . 
  if you are in a trilane and someone has a long disable ( like shadow shaman ) , then sure , a point in bloodlust is fine . 
  however , that just means a 1/1/1 build at level 3 , not necessarily * maxing * bloodlust first . 
   the entry cost for those sports is a single ball . 
  ... and a bunch of other people in the same place at the same time , ideally at your skill level . 
  matchmaking in dota blows pickup games of soccer out of the water . 
  i had high hopes for the hbi plant , but after about the 5th or 6th death i figured it was n't going to pan out . 
  who can say where the road goes, 
  according to what i have read , the height does n't matter , it 's just the distance from the house . 
  the trees are more than 6m from the house , but they are ridiculously tall , but i still ca n't get rid of them . 
  in some cases , an artillery battery of tests . 
  i read that in your omni voice, 
  what really annoys me is when a riki complains about wards not being on the map , yet refuses to place them when i offer to buy/give them to him . 
  then they can transfer some of their winnings to others * after * valve pays the players . 
  point is , it 's the players ' money , not the orgs . 
  i just assume that all those requests are police anyway . 
  not gon na risk a vic ban for that . 
  having said that , unless you can win vs hard bots , you 're probably < 1k mmr so you might not want to grind from that low a level if you 're improving fast . 
  but was he * stuck * there ? 
  seriously though , 5-stack ranked and battle cup are very good ways to get experience with pro game style , while still matching you with opponents close to your skill level . 
  ok , in that case , you should be around the 1.8-2 .5 k mark when you calibrate , so you 'll avoid a lot of blatant stupidity . 
  there will still be a lot of sloppy play , but that 's a given . 
  purge is a 5.8 k player , and he does n't consider himself good enough for ti6 ( although he usually organises some friends for a tilt at qualifying for all the majors and a bunch of minors throughout the year ), 
  realistically though , you need a lot of experience working as a team , and you need to get good at dota fundamentals . 
  as imprecise as it is , ranked mmr * is * a decent indicator of your current skill level at dota . 
  but typing is not, 
  [ suggested that a few hours ago ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/dota2/comments/4yahin/suggestion_autotranslate_chat_and_allchat_if_it/ ) , did n't really go anywhere, 
  i can get behind that . 
  i think she deserves better treatment from him tho . 
  well , there 's tax disadvantages to being an employee of your own smsf , since you then have to pay workcover and other laws . 
  directors avoid that , and rightly so ; they control the organisation , but they do n't work * for * the org .
