  eve isk okay ? 
  honeybadger 2 : bad harder . 
  a friend of mine did n't start shaving until he graduated from university . 
  so now he shaves once a week . 
  different usage patterns because of the players ? 
  or the lack of spawning on control points does something screwy ? 
  or the equipment spam ? 
  or something strange with a particular prototype item ? 
  i wish i knew . 
  thus , they need more ? 
  okay . 
  yes . 
  hey , if it 's okay with ccp , who am i to judge ? 
  that would be incredibly unlikely in our time zone . 
  yes , i have some . 
  possibly . 
  i hope ccp gets to the bottom of this . 
  outside of the failheap guys , practically nobody . 
  * experts, 
  i do n't think that was the point of that question . 
  there 's no doubt that everyone wants everything , also a pony . 
  there 's also no doubt that there 's a bunch of stuff that are nice-to-have but not really worth doing any time soon . 
  the hardest thing that ccp has to do is to prioritise the handful of really important things that everyone wants in there . 
  it 's no use saying, 
   `` hey ccp , these six things are all priority one '', 
  without some sort of additional info that says, 
   `` ok , these six things are all priority one , but this one has the most votes so we 'd rather have this sooner rather than later . 
  then there 's these three which have lots of votes but no clear leader , then there 's these two which have lower but still respectable vote totals , so if you could bump one of those two down the backlog , you 'll have room for that really popular thing . '', 
  not quite . 
  conquest battle mode is a different game mode that links four or five maps together . 
  i do n't know much about it . 
  not a chance . 
  why would ccp give you the option of a free subscription for an mmo with ten years of history , and likely will continue for another ten years or more ? 
  infinite time options are for games with shelf lives . 
  respec for isk would be beyond retarded . 
  i oscillate between assault a/1 and logistics a/1 , depending on weapon and role . 
  the least used fits i have are the full prototype fits , but in pc battles they 're the only ones i use . 
  assault suits is for the heat bonus . 
  logistics suit because of the sidearm and equipment . 
  i do n't do a lot of repairs but i will occasionally inject someone since i had a spare equipment slot on my uplink suit or whatever . 
  i do miss having lots of slots . 
  then again , logistics a/1 has +1 high , +1 low , +2 equipment and +1 -5 armor repair over the assault a/1 , so that goes a long way . 
  try these :, 
  1 . assault with anti-personnel grenades + hives for spamming enclosed locations, 
  2 . assault with av grenades + hives for a sideline in tank hunting, 
  3 . light suit that 's exactly the same , except with a different drop uplink ( militia ? 
  etc ) in case you want both types at the same time, 
  / r/dust514, 
  i guess the point is that new players do n't * have * any isk to blow on a respec . 
  it could be free , but with -10 % sp , but free services does n't really gel with a f2p game . 
  if there is a monetary cost , it should be aurum ; i mean , that 's what it 's * for * . 
  jenza mentioned on irc that she received some unspecified good news from ccp today . 
  perhaps you 're right . 
  a for effort , son . 
  part amusing , part sad . 
   europe says they 're not sexual and that seems to do the trick . 
  europe says it 's okay to see them * in public * . 
  i 'm sure it does n't say they 're not sexual ( too ) . 
  what manner of sorcery is this ? 
  rookie mistake . 
  mx is facebook on paper . 
  [ this guy ? 
  ] ( http://www.heraldsun.com.au/news/opinion/white-fellas-in-the-black/story-e6frfifo-1225764532947 ), 
  what kind of circuit breakers do you need on a power station ? 
  i would pay money for red engine trails . 
  are they sulfur hexafluoride breakers ? 
  minmatar logi has the hacking bonus , not assault . 
  unless you 've gone full prototype mk .0 , you have n't ` wasted ' any skill points . 
  just aim for minmatar logistics iii and see how it plays . 
  generally , you 'll stick with basic or advanced logi suits unless it 's a black tie event . 
  ( or pick up some neo logistics m/1 suits while you wait , they 're like 2 cents each ), 
  part one [ already poasted ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/eve/comments/1px1ei/of_marketing_and_mercoxit_an_eve_vegas_interview/ ) . 
  nice try , gina . 
  yeah i went as hard as i could , life permitting , and i still have over 100k left . 
  team fortress does this . 
  push the payload to the destination then run away before it explodes and kills everything nearby . 
  there 's a lot of 60 day account codes floating around since the collectors edition ... 
  they 're never unladen ; their hate reservoirs are always full . 
  \\ #captainaustralia, 
  about the only thing that you can make money on with production efficiency 4 is ammo , and even then it 's really bad isk per hour . 
  bring a noctis with tractor unit . 
  i look forward to your post detailing suggestions on deployable surveillance beacons as part of your ` remove local ' crusade . 
  bonus points if it reps drones . 
  and for heavens sake , comment it in english . 
  because there are players who cap out in 24 hours , so without a cap they 'd be accruing 2m sp per week instead of ~ 280k with active booster . 
  so , six months after release , they 'd be on 50m sp and be gods at everything . 
  and six months after that , they 'd run out of things to train . 
  ... which is why we are asking for a rollover on the cap . 
  so , if you do n't cap out one week , you can store it for later , then go on a massive binge during holidays or whatever . 
  i love those lollypops . 
  it 's always a trip seeing your national food in the ethnic section of a supermarket . 
  sometimes i finish posting on reddit and think ` where else can i post ? ', 
  one option is to make the cap a global one , so if you make a character in 6 month 's time , you 'll have 6 months of active sp available to grind through before capping . 
  personally , i do n't see ccp doing that , but it 's an option . 
  i miss chromosome mouse input so much it hurts . 
  obligatory http://failheap-challenge.com/showthread.php?231-coming-back-to-eve-don-t-make-a-new-one-use-this-thread link, 
  with which developers ? 
  we keep burning incarna devs at the stake . 
  also , blueprint copies appear in the labs themselves , so you 'll need to have someone fetch them if you do n't have roles . 
  first , work out what you 're going to put up .
