  they 're sexy so people make them regardless . 
  have you heard of eveiskperhour ? 
  woo i can post !, 
  iirc , the purifier is the go-to ship for fw missions . 
  sign up for notifications, 
  well , a covert ops frigate or stealth bomber is probably faster . 
  yes , read the fine print and be prepared to pay off the entire interest-free loan when needed . 
  yes , it 's a really good idea to have emergency savings , but putting a bit into that loan each month means that if there * is * an emergency a month before the loan is due , the remaining balance will be manageable on your reduced funds . 
  generally , emergency funds are accumulated into a high-interest savings account , so it 's not something you want to draw from every month , but does n't have the harsh penalties if you do occasionally need it , unlike , say , term deposits . 
  stuff like using tea bags two or three times . 
  so , you 're basically excluding anyone who does n't have enough wealth to afford to work for free . 
  i guess it 's their own fault for not inheriting more coal . 
  in my industry , all interns are paid between 60 % and 85 % of a graduate salary . 
  in return , they can not graduate unless they have 18 weeks internship over the course of their degree . 
  engineering ( chemical , civil , electrical , does n't matter they all follow the same rules ), 
  not too difficult . 
  a bit more difficult to make a profit though . 
  each copy is 10 runs or fewer so it involves a bit of hand holding to manufacture but it 's mostly fire and forget to invent . 
  try, 
  i unironically said it in person just an hour ago . 
  no wonder he did n't react . 
  close to 40 people turned up . 
  it was a good event . 
  / r/new _ eden_link_bot, 
  a lot of stupid ideas get floated during meetings or idle conversations with colleagues . 
  we 're all guilty of occasional brain farts . 
   `` hey guys , i reckon that bouncer is pretty weedy , i think i could take him out , then they 'd let us into the club . '', 
   `` hey guys , how about we threaten a nearby country that has a belligerent military and has never responded well to threats ? '', 
   `` hey guys , how about we tie a wheelie bin to the back of johnno 's ute and - '', 
   `` hey guys , how about we just go it alone in the middle east ? 
  i mean , how hard can it really be anyway ? '', 
  the difference is that generally we do n't have people leaking it , 
   i have heard that if you upgraded to a regular account that you ca n't continue playing your character is that true ? 
  that is incorrect . 
  however , you can only login if you have an active trial or paid subscription ( skills stop training while you are n't subbed ) . 
   because i am industrial should i also train as a pilot to give myself a better chance of survival while mining in hostile asteroid belts ? 
  to a point . 
  most non-combat ships have weak armour and rely on shields , so training some skills to improve your durability or to fit shield extender modules can be useful . 
  however , you must accept that if someone wants your ship destroyed , they eventually will , whether it be by bringing friends or at the cost of both ships . 
  most people have an industrial character and a combat character , and swap between the two whenever they feel bored with one play style . 
  others just subscribe a second account so they can play both characters at once . 
  it is a bit low . 
  in fact , i pay people 100k per jump just to haul stuff because i ca n't be bothered undocking . 
  do you want to continue with mission running ? 
  there are corporations that will let you tag along on their missions and that should rapidly increase your standing , s , enough to get level 3 or 4 missions quickly . 
  alternatively there are more free form ways of getting income by shooting things , such as incursion running , faction warfare and null sec ratting . 
  our sales tax is a flat 10 % . 
  each adult pays tax separately . 
  there are discounts if you have dependents though , so if your spouse does n't work , you can claim them as a dependent . 
  in general , australians all pay tax separately . 
  after all , the progressive tax system means that two incomes @ $ 75k/year are taxed at a lower rate than one income @ $ 150k/year . 
  well while you 're waiting for the perfect system to be implemented , millions of americans are just happy that they 're less likely to go bankrupt due to accident or illness . 
  perfect is the enemy of better . 
  slack is irc for the 21st century . 
  most people refer to various areas of the map based on the nearest skirmish control point , no matter what game mode you 're playing at the moment . 
  er , you know you can half-cycle and quarter-cycle strip miners right ? 
  just turn them off at any point in their cycle and they 'll deposit ore and reset . 
  how hard is it ? 
  certainly not the stuff used for [ building schools ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sichuan_schools_corruption_scandal ) ... 
  of all the things wrong with mining , this is what you focus on ? 
  imo paying off the home loan is always top priority . 
  it does n't get you income and it 's not tax deductible . 
  yes , it take forever to clean out a wreck field . 
  ask on failheap . 
  you could use a survey scanner to pick out the largest asteroids to mine from . 
  rip autz . 
  what about the normal installer ? 
  well it 's [ not working for me . 
  usually it 's only double-stacked . 
  welcome to autz . 
  the fifth stack does practically nothing . 
  do n't they show up with a status of fulfilled or expired ? 
  well at least i could play dust 51 - oh . 
  go to eve down under then . 
  end of november , it 'll be choice . 
  \\ #rougewedding #allclonesmustdie, 
  how bout all three of us ? 
  user name mention ? 
  i guess reddit gold is good for something after all . 
  yeah i 'll update the verbiage tonight . 
  pro tip : do not deliver spoons at other csm members . 
  if you do n't believe in the community , believe in wingspan who believes in the community . 
  what 's the exchange rate ? 
  i 'm interested in arbitrage opportunities . 
  the big thing is that while you might get a 10 % deductible on your home loan , you 'll also get the same percentage as capital gains tax when you sell it . 
  that 's the most important thing that your accountant should tell you . 
  help us help you . 
  what tasks are you using eve mon for ? 
  eve mon is pretty good . 
  these days i just put it all into eve droid on my mobile . 
  * aluminiuminati, 
  programmers rely much more on keyboard commands than regular users . 
  do n't have safety set to red , then . 
  it 's a [ legitimate development technique . 
  are you happy with your super fund ? 
  it would be pointless to put any extra into it at this point , but it 's good to check that you 've chosen a decent one . 
  roughly how old are you ? 
  risk profiles change , and so should your investment portfolio . 
  fuck cancer . 
  statistically , if you 're still playing after six months , you 'll never quit eve for good .
