  skull basher stun is anything but ` mini ' . 
  awesome , thanks !, 
  i see they released an expansion '' [ the little ones ] ( http://www.tlo.thiswarofmine.com/ ) '', 
  i do n't think my feels can tank those hits . 
  natural diffusal carriers and heroes with purges . 
  well , you only need a dispel , rather than a full purge . 
  brew has one , razor hands them out , invoker has one , euls has one , and of course doom . 
  settle down , gaben, 
  full marx for trying, 
  why not video . 
  being able to explain or describe what you notice as you walk around might be important . 
  you 're more correct than you know . 
  confirming . 
  and try not to inherit !, 
  nice . 
  some of my dad 's mates were tois , driver trainers and stuff at qr . 
  i think they all got headhunted by bhp and rio tho . 
  op are you keeping this list up to date ? 
  so yeah , the $ 40-in-the-usa comparison is accurate . 
  it 's not uncommon for events to have ` no passouts ' rules . 
  those are close to normal prices where i live . 
  not for long ... 
  i 'm no mathematician , but when there 's 2x people applying for x positions , a lot of people are going to have a bad time . 
  loyalty points for faction warfare corporations is only available when doing fw activities in their militia or in an alliance enrolled in fw . 
  as far as which items you should spend on ? 
  try this : https://www.fuzzwork.co.uk/lpstore/, 
  but note that, 
  * sell prices and buy prices are usually way different , so only calculate profit on buy prices . 
  * some items require ( expensive ) materials to build , so they might be much less profitable than they appear, 
  * people like to play market games so never go all-in on any one type of item . 
   i think westerners are quite easy distinguished, 
  i did a short stint at a sales office full of blondes and i could n't tell most of them apart for the first couple weeks . 
  i dare you to drink a glass of water with 3ml of shit in it . 
  `` we thought we were swimming in crystal clear water , but we realised we were just going through the motions '', 
  did n't team liquid make trillions off bugs just like this ? 
  i do n't think you could set the bar any lower than that . 
  in other countries , they turn that stuff into bio diesel . 
  it 's kinda neat to drive a car with exhaust fumes that smell like hot chips . 
  we got * the crucible * ? 
  that 's because the accc conference on petrol pricing in brisbane just finished today . 
  only around hong kong and the mainland nearby . 
  the reason it 's super common outside china is that area was historically really poor , and with easy access to the west via hong kong , a lot of chinese emigrated to the gold fields and rail roads of america and australia to seek their fortunes . 
  it 's these early diaspora that cemented cantonese as the primary language spoken in households of those immigrants , and mandarin has only recently started to replace it as the cantonese speaking population lose critical mass and the mandarin speakers grow due to more recent waves of immigration . 
  not in public . 
  i tried to learn cantonese . 
  it 's like 50 % harder than mandarin . 
  so many tones of the same sound . 
  what is the second most popular language in china ? 
  but do they stamp out other languages ? 
  most everyone who emigrated from china before ~ 1950 spoke cantonese , because that 's the language spoken around hong kong . 
  ee 's parents were descended from those immigrants . 
  knowing packer 's reputation , mostly column b. 
  ok you feel whichever way you want , mate . 
  keep trying . 
  that 's why i do the opportunity international micro-loan thing . 
  it 's heartbreaking , yet mind-blowing to see someone who just needs a loan for $ 1 so they can buy a piece of metal so they can make a living de-husking coconuts , and being the guy who bankrolls a hundred people like that at a time . 
  but if you can convince someone to dress up as a donkey , go right ahead . 
  great remnant forward, 
  the future fund is the best thing to happen in the howard era . 
  would be nice to have another one for qld . 
  a moon shard is probably a lot better for damage amplification . 
  also works to increase burst speed and helps proc bash more often . 
  shire resident spotted, 
  the serious tradies and owner builders i know import [ milwaukee ] ( http://www.milwaukeetools.com ) power tools from the states . 
  even with shipping kilos of metal , it 's often cheaper than [ buying locally ] ( http://www.milwaukeetools.com.au ) . 
  not from the first dollar , you knob . 
  i 'm honestly not sure he can win this debate . 
  the idea is that it does n't need a 5 year warranty . 
  od orb does a lot of damage to illusions . 
  probably not good vs pl but works vs ck . 
  i 'm pretty bad at support , but my goals going into a match are, 
  * buy courier, 
  * plant a rune ward, 
  * hit courier upgrade timing, 
  * use pulls to stop lane from pushing and get xp and gold, 
  * stack camps if your carry wants ( or for you i guess ), 
  * be aware of lane positioning - zone the offlaner when and where you can , but do n't needlessly sap xp . 
  running them out of regen means an easier lane , so you can then do stuff like rune control . 
  it 's probably a bit passive but until you are good at basic stuff like pulls , you wo n't have the space to do more advanced stuff . 
  luckily , lane control can be practiced in bot matches . 
  troll priest has a godlike + mana aura . 
  why do you embed imgur links in literally every post you make ? 
  it would be a lot better if the footage could n't go missing though . 
  mirror pool does n't do what eye does , which is turn land search into a win condition . 
  [ [ sanctum of ugin ] ] is similar ; it only works if you have a big spell ready to cast . 
  in the case where you 're looking for a win condition , maybe [ [ mortuary mire ] ] might work . 
  if you 're looking for lands * as * a win condition , maybe [ [, 
  urza 's factory ] ] ? 
  if you 're looking for card advantage , then maybe [ [ sea gate wreckage ] ] . 
  crap , i forget whether i ordered this or not :(, 
  it 's not just that ; the thukker component pos array means a massive discount to building cap components in lowsec . 
  once you do that , you may as well build the freighter there as well . 
  that 's a logical outcome of 90 % of the population not needing deodorant . 
  `` nobody * else * needs deodorant . 
  i 'm not a freak like the westerners ; why would i need it ? 
  i 'm as normal as the next guy . 
  it 's just a scam . '', 
  kotl is a support that stops pushes . 
  he has wave clear and can teleport heroes to him . 
  this means that you can recall someone to you , pick off a pusher then they can use a scroll to get to another lane again .
