   the ones who actually pull are even worse . 
  they 'll nuke my creeps and then pull and when i come over to get some last hits because our creeps are under the enemy 's tower , they rage and tell everyone to report me . 
  assuming this is not a troll ... 
  they 're pulling the lane ** because ** the lane is pushed into the enemy tower . 
  they lead your creeps into the jungle , where they will be wiped out , and tank the jungle creeps for your support to get gold and xp . 
  your job is to loiter around * your * t1 tower until the next wave arrives , then continue to last hit in a safer part of your lane . 
  it 's possible your support has led the * enemy * creep wave into the jungle , but i 'm pretty sure you wo n't encounter that kind of hard-push play style . 
  even if you do n't have the money to buy , i 'm sure there will be reits you can invest in that are poised to swoop in and pick up cheap houses . 
  i love how enema does the blink black hole combo, 
  it 's amazing that you can fit five men in there . 
  move to nt, 
  but , what do you * win * ? 
  please tell me it 's not `` more koins '', 
  well you 'd need permission from bill murray first . 
  there 's a lot of options between `` invest it all in the s&p 500 '' and `` do n't invest anything '' ... 
  well , chess sponsorship can be a deal breaker for some people . 
  imo , if a firm does n't support chess , it needs some other tangible benefit to be worth it ( $ 1 cheaper per trade does n't matter when you only trade 4 times a year ), 
  reporting is also important . 
  anz has good charting , and i 'm trying out sharesight at the moment ( cmc syncs its data automatically if you create a sharesight account from within your cmc account ) . 
  being able to say with perfect confidence `` these parcels of shares have returned exactly x.xx % return since i bought them , and selling them will result in a $ y.yy capital gains event '' is a really nice thing to have come tax time . 
  ( this also ties into chess , since you can retrieve data about shares bought years ago , as long as they 're yours ), 
  attract humans with your [ human call ] ( https://youtu.be/_gpjsai4h04?t=52 ) . 
  what are the two notches on each side of the day/night/time circle on the hud ? 
   warren joined aida in 2009 as a shareholder and director . 
  previously warren was a shareholder and chief operating officer for firstfolio limited -- publicly listed financial services business . 
  before working with firstfolio warren was on the executive management team for the cobra group ( large direct sales business ) . 
   the cobra group is a controversial door-to-door selling and marketing company headquartered in hong kong . 
  investigations by the media have found that the company promises much larger compensation rates than employees actually receive as commission-only , self-employed workers . 
  it is also criticised for being cult , scam and pyramid scheme . 
  get out now, 
   in the last couple of months it feels maccas is trying to turn themselves into one of these cool burger places so they can charge more for food . 
  that is their aim . 
  just like australians expect more from their coffee than starbucks-level shit , they now expect more from their burgers than mcdonald 's traditional level of quality . 
  so , they 're going upmarket a bit . 
  it started with mccafe , which was a huge success - it 's not as upscale as coffee club , but we 're now at the point where you 're not actively shamed by catching up with the girls at maccas , and letting the kids play on the play set or whatever . 
  next step is to position themselves below grill 'd on the coolness scale , but above where they are now ; they want to sell better burgers , for more money , and ultimately capture the part of that market . 
  hey , there is a large market segment that considers coffee club to be quite fancy . 
  i prefer faith no more 's cover . 
  share sight is free for ten or less stocks , so i do n't see the down side at the moment, 
  of course not . 
  it 's been * the same * window for 1200 years . 
  settle down , duerte . 
   witch doctor : straight forward hero . 
  it 's great playing a hero that ganks by, 
  * walk into range, 
  * press q on them, 
  * press w, 
  * press e on them, 
  * press r on them, 
  for a newb , that 's about the limit of what i can handle . 
  arcanes , aether lens , maybe euls . 
  disruptor is hard to play from behind , though - you need some aggressive teammates to follow up on your control of enemy heroes . 
  suncorp had this year ago . 
  not sure if it 's still a thing though . 
  i think the idea is that banks can loan out `` their own '' money ( i.e. 
  money that 's in their customers ' accounts ) without restriction , but when they engage in [ fractional-reserve ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fractional-reserve_banking ) activities , they must arrange with treasury to cover the difference . 
  it 's not uncommon , either , according to wikipedia :, 
   in most countries , the central bank ( or other monetary authority ) regulates bank credit creation , imposing reserve requirements and capital adequacy ratios . 
  this can limit the amount of money creation that occurs in the commercial banking system , and helps to ensure that banks are solvent and have enough funds to meet demand for withdrawals . 
  but usually it 's closer to `` ask forgiveness '' than `` ask permission '', 
  brisbane has a surprisingly large cosplay scene , and has for years . 
  i guess this is the equivalent of a fun run for them . 
  but 8pm-9pm is the only time i can play ranked in english :(, 
   unless they sell vitality boosters at the lane shops now, 
  side shops sell both red and blue boosters . 
  it 's not good . 
  i mean , if a teammate buys it on their jugg i do n't get tilted , but it 's not efficient . 
  more slashes is nice , but 4200 gold of other items means you get the same dps in ult * and * when it 's on cooldown . 
  it 's best if you get it early , since extra slashes means a lot more when your ult is level 1 , but then you 're * only * useful for ult . 
   mask of madness, 
  not good any more . 
  if you want move speed get yasha ( you want s&y or manta anyway ) if you want sustain , you have your ward , and you might get perseverence en route to bf anyway . 
   battle fury, 
  * games against swarms ( pl , np , brood etc ), 
  * games where you can afford to go late, 
  if you ca n't afford to take the game late , then you usually get something more mid-range like diffusal . 
   sange and yasha, 
  s&y gives a * big * movement speed bonus and a cripple proc , which means your ults are better . 
  its cheaper than manta and the buildup is easier to get , especially when there 's a lot of killing and dying happening . 
  echo 's proc is on a timer so it 's not good during ults , and jugg attacks faste enough that +1 attack every 5 seconds is not a big boost . 
  echo is n't bad on jugg , but it 's probably a waste of a slot . 
   helm of the dominator, 
  jug does n't usually build hotd , but you do n't need to stack ancients to benefit . 
  stack hard camps and spin to win , or find an alpha wolf and provide a damage aura to the entire team . 
   vladmir 's offering, 
  vlads is when you are n't position 1 . 
  you get cheaper items , and you might already have aquila so you can dissassemble it to get a cheaper vlads . 
  you do n't see this build on jugg often though . 
   vanguard, 
  vanguard is good , but often unnecessary to rush - just a shield + perseverence + healing ward is usually enough . 
  if you have sustain problems though , why not ? 
  after all , building into abyssal is often a good idea . 
   starting items, 
  try to get shield first , then get quelling next . 
  iirc aquila is almost the same boost in damage as phase for a lot cheaper , so it 's worth getting . 
  as always , you should use your best judgement , but a lot of people get aquila , then go for phase or roh depending on slots and whether they need to buy out before dying . 
   mid game, 
  yasha is good because it provides a bit of move speed as well . 
   leveling, 
  generally the build is q e q ( w or stats ) q r q etc.
