  faction warfare, 
  not yet finished . 
  lack of locational awareness for dust players with their battles ; unable to steer ware effort . 
  solutions being designed . 
  revamped starmap coming . 
  making the battles more fair and accessible . 
  experimenting with changes coming . 
  shift away from consentual battle for an isk wager to a something a bit more like a war between all the factions . 
  eve players to be able to direct where the war effort should be focused . 
  looking at offering sp outside of instant battles !, 
  so you can play the hardcore modes fulltime . 
  the design will remain that mercs do not ` sign up ' for a faction . 
  but instead they will design rewards that incentivise you to stick with a particular militia and reap the rewards . 
  unique faction loot possible . 
  planetary conquest, 
  corp owned districts being implemented right now ( lowsec only ) . 
  benefits to both dust and merc players . 
  ` planetary soveriegnty ' . 
  the wealth you wil gain from districts is not yet decided yet . 
  will be iterated ( isk , resources , etc ) . 
  you 'll want dust and eve players to keep control . 
  probably coming after planetary conquest , once there is a reason for eve players to hang out above districts . 
  need to work out how to inform eve player that he is being targetted !, 
  probably a bit like pos guns . 
  nullsec and wh space, 
  they are thinking about the features for here . 
  the steps they do now are about ironing our the kinks and making stepping stones before they affect nullsec sov space . 
  will still be optional with regards to achieving sov . 
  extend to more mechanics that just sov capture/defense . 
  how about infrastructure that will defend assessts in space . 
  industry on planets . 
  bonuses to in-space activities ( scanning , ratting etc ) . 
  lots of options and possibilities . 
  always listening to player ideas . 
  skill points, 
  looking at a weekly cap with a rollover ( details not actually explained ) . 
  will still listen to alternatives if you have them and people have issues . 
  they do n't want to incentivise people creating a 1000 chars right now , if the cap is related to birthdate of the char . 
  training mode, 
  not any time soon as it will take a while to do right and they want to develop other aspects of the game first, 
  mcc, 
  once we 're in nullsec and having larger battles then the mccs will be player controllable . 
  war barge, 
  will be involved with district conquest . 
  intended as a corp assest . 
  in first rollout of district conquest these will be npc controlled . 
  later on , will give control to players ( probably nullsec ), 
  secondary market, 
  dust secondary market in development . 
  once eve and dust players can trade isk , they 'll all them to trade items too . 
  dust in-game trade window probably coming first ( inb4 trade window scams ) . 
  corp hangers, 
  ability for corps to own assets and allows dust players to deploy/refit from there . 
  corp management, 
  roles going to be implemented properly . 
  they are working on a design that does no repeat eve 's mistakes . 
  crest, 
  this is what allows dust to work . 
  no real details available right now . 
  no info available right now . 
  but the long term goal is that players will create the suits/mods/etc . 
  next major release, 
  robustness, 
  accessibility, 
  context of battles improved ( revamped starmap ), 
  iterations to fw, 
  planetary conquest v1, 
  fixes to spawnpoint problems, 
  new dropsuits ( factions variants ), 
  new weapons ( faction variants ), 
  fully-customisable controls, 
  no work has started on this yet , focussing on other problematic ui aspects right now . 
  intend to start on it soontm . 
  rouge drones, 
  playable internally right not , but it 's not a main focus . 
  more info coming at fanfest about the roadmap . 
  intend to not make it an instanced ` horde mode ' game , but actual districts being overrun . 
  dropsuits, 
  big change to system in the next release/expansion . 
  new roles . 
  skill and suit progression is changing drastically . 
  much more closer to eve ship roles ( unlock suits and then racial variants ) . 
  pilot . 
  covert ops . 
  playercounts, 
  48 players . 
  24 vehicles . 
  eventually plan to expanded further and further . 
  battlefield commander role, 
  a layer of the game that will be developed later on , once the pre-requisite layers of the game have been developed . 
  but will fly/move the mcc . 
  will drop installation and apply objectives . 
  new weapons, 
  big set of nova knives, 
  many more racial variants of weapons . 
  graphics, 
  still being upgraded . 
  big stuff for next release , especially for the map textures . 
  news shaders for guns , suits , environments . 
  improved loading times ( reduced texture popping times ) .
