  usually i pull through when there 's one and a half creeps left . 
  ikea australia does some kind of shenanigans with ikea singapore ; i assumed it was something to do with the goods but i guess it could be transfer licensing of the brand , too . 
  this is n't about prices ; it 's about manipulation of costs . 
  you got an 80k pay rise ? 
  well done !, 
  i disagree . 
  i think people who want to minimise tax would prefer to maximise net income , but they 'll happily settle for more * value * from their gross income instead . 
  just like other mental health issues ... 
  your options basically boil down to, 
  * invest conservatively , planning to withdraw in two years and taking a a huge hit to the amount you get, 
  * invest for growth , minimizing fees and ancillary benefits such as life insurance , and collect the money when you retire . 
  once that decision is made , then we can get more specific . 
  i have dropped as low as 14 fps playing pl . 
  not if they get off some sick overwhelming odds nukes first . 
  ok , so 80k/year = 87.6 k including super, 
  a reasonable contract wage is 40-50 % above permanent wage , so let 's say $ 130k gross . 
  you need this margin because of job uncertainty , time/effort required to bill the client , not being paid on leave days , the willingness of employers to ditch you before anyone else , and to save up for lean times or between contracts . 
  working on about 220 working days per year , that gives an ideal daily rate of 560-600 , which seems reasonable in my experience . 
  ( 560 representing 1.4 x , and 600 representing 1.5 x ), 
  and vitamin c was only discovered to be the cure because a scientist chose guinea pigs to do the `` no fruit -  scurvy ? '', 
  experiment on . 
  humans and guinea pigs are about the only two animals that do n't produce their own vitamin c. 
  investment bonds work best when, 
  * it 's in the kid 's name , and it would enough to trigger the high kids tax bracket, 
  * it 's in your name , and you 're on a high tax bracket . 
  the reason is because the bonds are tax-free after 10 years ( but have something like 30 % lower return ), 
  if you instead buy stocks under your spouse 's name for low tax , you can then sell or transfer the parcels to your kids in a decade 's time and you 'll get better returns and capital gains discount , so it 's kinda a wash . 
  also , vanguard recommends a mixed active/passive portfolio , which is why they started some low-fee actively-managed funds recently . 
  fair enough . 
  are investment bonds the kind of thing you can add to , incrementally , or is it more of a lump sum deal ? 
  if not , no biggie . 
  i guess it would n't be too bad to set up a new one each year until they 're 8 or something . 
  well , they 're taking shots at abbott because he 's doing to malcolm what rudd did to gillard . 
   they also have a unique union/business relationship with union members on the boards of companies . 
  this seems to have resulted in a more sensible symbiotic relationship than the english speaking countries who tend to swing between one side being the parasite to the other . 
  this is the important thing . 
  you do n't * need * a minimum wage when businesses do n't try to screw workers `` because of the implication '' . 
  just like you do n't * need * red light cameras if nobody runs red lights . 
  but you must recognise that when this system breaks down , laws and regulations must step in to stop people being arseholes to each other . 
  she was found . 
  qps just did n't add a note to the original article like they usually do , that 's all . 
  `` fuck , i hooked the gas line up to the showers * again * . '', 
  well , they did do extra work, 
  * sought him out for comment and posted his response, 
  * got a statement from the neo-nazi website he sponsors, 
  * linked it to the time his company got in trouble for posting a sexist job ad, 
  all in all , it 's a definite value-add to the reddit post . 
  it 's not the same since lynette left . 
  is that because you bloodrage , and then the incoming damage gets amped , but then the outgoing reflection gets amped further ? 
  cooldown used to be almost as long as abyssal ( 30 ) but is now 22 . 
  however , it still has a non-trivial 100 mana cost to activate . 
  with that small buff and the buff to sange , it 's at least vaguely okay now . 
  it 's no atos though . 
  just convince torte to put it in his item build, 
  but * is there * a capital gain returned ? 
  was n't there a low cost or free shell corporation that did the payg thing ? 
  you need magic damage to clear waves . 
  that means maelstrom . 
  maybe even on supports . 
  if you are good at mechanical skill then try tinker mid . 
  thanks, 
  an alternative way of looking at it is that the tiny amount of real journalism means you ca n't justify spam-blocking the entire site , no matter how much you are tempted to . 
  yeah , the web site looks familiar . 
  indeed, 
  maybe they 're improving slower than everyone else at their mmr . 
  eventually , they will drop behind and they will have a lower rating . 
  un bind the keys if necessary, 
  who knows ? 
  we do n't have a 3k player from 2014 to compare with a 3k player now , but it 's unlikely to have * dropped * . 
  i find the `` differentiate ally healthbars '' setting to help . 
  large corporations ( suncorp included ) vary wildly between teams . 
  one team might be super-chill and together , and the team sitting five metres away could be a hot mess . 
  on the plus side , i really liked their albert street head office . 
  nice decor , standing desks etc. 
  pick up react or angular skills and people will throw jobs at you . 
  username checks out . 
  username also checks out . 
  are there any insurance companies that * do n't * use claimcenter ? 
   i deal in ivory and ivory related products . 
  do n't lie ; you work for centrelink * do n't you * . 
   there are many different ways to set up claimcenter, 
  so i 'm learning . 
  from what i understand , racqi inherited the gw stack from suncorp so i imagine it remains deeply embedded in the organisation . 
   fragile, 
  so , like agile development , except done badly ? 
  it was clear they were going to win anyway , but the look of hurt and betrayal on his face was priceless . 
  best of luck mate . 
  remember : putting your portfolio on github is how you show you 're different from everyone else . 
  that was the extra stamp duty on foreigners purchasing residential property . 
  go on a feeding spree and drop back into college then . 
  i do n't think i 've ever had a queue take longer than 4.5 minutes on au server . 
  only once every few games . 
  how about you write more than a throwaway one-liner if you 're so cut up about people misunderstanding you . 
  commerce ( econometrics ) probably . 
  i would n't go into day trading without a decent background in quantitative analysis . 
  purge recommends rushing aghs after boots and maybe raindrop , not even aquila . 
  flower power hippies were the news worthy outlier , not the norm . 
  just like most people were n't yuppies in the 80s . 
  i really like the unranked all pick change and hope it stays . 
  so , only * unpopular * political cartoons .
