  that 's unfortunate . 
  mine was cooked in a restaurant in alice springs ; tasted a lot like veal . 
  degrassi ? 
  that 's assuming the fortune is a static number ( or rather , does n't increase faster than inflation ), 
  that 's not a given , especially in gen 0 or 1 , where the sums are well beyond the cost of living . 
  they also have different prices depending on your ip address . 
  if you go there from a uk address , it 's often cheaper . 
  link to check for updates :, 
  because it 's a troll account . 
  no , they 're the peru of asia . 
  source : play dota2, 
  case in point : flight centre, 
   at this point , what difference does it make ? 
  the 5/2 diet ? 
  do n't lie . 
  p sherman lives at that address . 
  there 's enough info in a census document to change the address on your water bill , then use that to take out a new credit card in your name and sent to that address , then buy ten thousand dollars worth of activated almonds . 
  i was not aware that you can salary sacrifice for rent without attracting fringe benefits tax . 
  nice . 
  there 's just as much cheating there , so their degrees are equally suspect , if not more so . 
  in that case , fucking go for it son, 
  piano : not even once . 
  a summary of what is offered in australia :, 
  #### primary caregiver, 
  * 18 weeks @ minimum wage ( paid by the federal government ), 
  * 0 . .52 weeks unpaid leave, 
  #### secondary caregiver, 
  * 2 weeks @ minimum wage, 
  * 0 . .3 weeks unpaid leave, 
  with the caveats, 
  * families are ineligible for paid leave if the primary caregiver has an annual salary over $ 150k, 
  * unused leave expires once the baby turns 1 year old, 
  the crucial thing to remember is : we can still afford that . 
  nobody knows . 
  probably not worth buying in at a high level at this point , but even level 1 battle pass gives you quite a few hats for a cheap price . 
  check with universities , the various societies might set something up in a lecture theatre . 
  i think there 's a way to set up different auto attack settings for summons . 
  i usually set them to be more aggressive than my hero . 
  that , and i set the option to auto select summons on creation , which helps a lot when using pl . 
  there 's a limit to how proud you can be about the geographic location that your mum was when you were born . 
  it 's not as if you had to work hard to achieve it . 
  if anything , i have more respect for foreigners who attain citizenship , since they at least passed the immigration test . 
  did that work in crimea , or tibet ? 
  inherit more coal . 
  more like the american greens . 
  they were all like `` stop the culls '' , neglecting to understand that they are legitimately pests . 
  roo is prone to going tough after over cooking . 
  that 's why it 's so good in stews . 
  good luck !, 
  search for kangaroo tail stew recipes - obviously you can use a better cut than the tail ( although the tail does have a serious amount of meat on it , hence the recipe ), 
  there are rumours that valve will step back from kinda-running them , and they will be 100 % run by others . 
  it was weeks ago on this sub . 
  have n't heard much since then . 
  he does n't lead with * yeeeellow * . 
  clearly an imposter . 
  `` it 's okay to keep stealing from the cash register , because you 've been doing it for years already '', 
  yeah , no . 
  '' [ local ] politics is the most vicious and bitter form of politics , because the stakes are so low . '', 
  $ 50k usd is a * good * payout for the philippines , even split amongst the team . 
  that means that unlucky people may not be able to fill all 5 slots . 
  best to just add a visual effect to all players who will play that day . 
  perhaps he 'd be more comfortable in a hostel . 
  seems to be the only guy around that time who does n't have a cbe . 
  way better than what you have now . 
  they do seem to be going through them quickly . 
  he 'll feel right at home . 
  top speed in the wrong direction, 
  like teachers , who have n't been paid in two months and whose protests are blocking the torch relay ... 
  why not have a crack at it , then ask us to review it . 
   rather run out of charges and waste 700 gold on some more, 
  it 's not a waste , since the upgrade gives stats . 
  i think bren commentated that game . 
  i do n't even, 
  yeah . 
  gamble for internet pixels all you want . 
  but , as soon as you can cash out your winnings into real money , it 's time to step back and think about it . 
  at the very least , that 's exactly the sort of money laundering that credit card scammers will use . 
  the key thing is being able to turn your winnings into money again . 
  so , bob , it says here that you 're taking anti depressants . 
  that 's perfectly fine , i must stress . 
  totally unrelated , but your colleague jill has been promoted instead of you . 
  what if you 're guaranteed to get an item , but there 's a chance to get two items ? 
  nick xenophon has fought against the spread of gambling in australia for years ( and rightly so - australia spends over $ 1000 per capita on gambling each year ) . 
  this is just an extension to that crusade . 
  would rather have mana region bonus at that stage . 
  it 's democracy v1 .0 , it still needs critical security updates to be applied . 
  bhp had a hot briquet iron plant , to smelt the iron ore into ingots the size of bars of soap . 
  problem was :, 
  * much slower to load and unload from ships compared to raw ore , since they damage the ships if you are n't careful, 
  * occasionally the plant would blow up and kill people . 
  in the end , it just was n't worth processing it , compared to chinese steel mills that take the ore in one end and output ready-to-use of steel sheeting out the other end , with a conveyer belt straight into a factory that turns them into milo cans or whatever . 
  pretty sure russell and guy got in an on screen fight on neighbours . 
  on the other hand , that 's food the warlords do n't have to steal from everyone else . 
  the glock , also known as an assault xylophone . 
  you are not going to get a management role . 
  you might get a sales role , though . 
  considered going overseas ? 
  even being able to say `` went to africa , built sheds for charity '' is a step in the right direction . 
  just bear in mind that some of those things are just disguised charity tourism , where the volunteers do n't build anything worthwhile and are just there for instagram pics . 
  nice,
