  lycan does not hit quick any more . 
  he is as slow as life stealer . 
  his passive gives a nice boost to damage though . 
  if a call centre has its shit together like that , you probably do n't need your own recordings . 
  it 's the unprofessional call centres you need to worry about . 
  walmart has a section in the company handbook about welfare programs available to staff ... 
  no , somewhere in your gut are bacteria that * digest lactose * since you do n't . 
  as long as you keep eating dairy , their population stays stable , and all you suffer is a bit of flatulence from their by products . 
  when you do n't feed them for a while , the population diminishes so they do n't have the numbers to handle a milkshake all at once and you get bloating as intestinal flora of other types and different places in your gut pick up the slack . 
  i had a singaporean flatmate . 
  she would drink a lot of milk and fart like crazy , but when i mentioned she might be lactose intolerant she just said `` no , that 's just what happens when you drink milk . 
  do n't worry about it lah '', 
  so , i 'm a bit skeptical that you only know one person who is lactose intolerant ; maybe you only know one person who * realises * . 
  if you are lactose tolerant you can drink a gallon of milk and have zero farts or side effects . 
  cheese and yogurt have much less lactose , because the dairy cultures that make it what it is digest the lactose for you . 
  well , goat milk has different levels compared to cow milk , and you can buy lactose free milk that has been enzyme treated to break it down . 
  sometimes these things can be wrong . 
  see also `` feed a fever , starve a cold '', 
  india is between 30 % and 70 % lactose intolerant depending on location , so its occurrence is uneven , and not universal . 
  perhaps you can find someone who has the answers to your questions , since milk is not actually a mixant for most western folk remedies ; some , yes , but not more than one would expect from a culture that has ready access to dairy . 
  good luck with 7.06 dude . 
  rosh slams the tree ants and sf denies them ? 
  up time is longer since it syncs with duel, 
  one less button to press, 
  decent stats for only a bit more gold, 
  alchemist can give it, 
  atos is probably core on pugna now , since the life drain range nerf . 
  good question . 
  i reckon a court would have to decide , but there 's probably legal precedent to what ` involved in a conversation ' means . 
  something like `` you start being involved when :, 
  * you talk for the first time, 
  * someone asks you a question or tells you something, 
  sure , why not . 
  pl is probably a tiny bit like ck with his ult up - select hero + illusions , rush to someone , hit them a lot , then rush to someone else when rush is off cooldown . 
  probably wo n't kill anyone immediately , but the burst damage from rush + diffusal might be decent . 
  everything procs on split arrows . 
  i mean , it even costs you 3 times the mana when you use frost arrows . 
  they 're pushy , impolite and occasionally underhanded , just like the big businesses they fight with . 
  just needs a tourism campaign . 
   cheaper than any vanguard fund listed here ( the cheapest being vts at 0.04 % ) . 
  the 0.02 % mer * must be * in addition to the fees of the index funds it buys . 
  or extract , and send back to the core worlds . 
  depends what you want . 
  i mean , you could tow a fuck-off-big ferrous asteroid to earth , then drop chunks of it into atmosphere to be picked up from the ground . 
  same thing for other metals , although maybe it gets refined first , then encased in ablative rock before dropping it . 
  idk, 
  the xp is split between both of you anyway . 
  and when mister was a title to aspire to . 
  i do n't like anything, 
  also takes skilled people away . 
  good for us . 
  not so good for where they came from . 
  if you have `` modest incomes '' then doing risky speculation is fraught with danger , because your first bad investment could wipe you out . 
  fear of missing out is a dangerous thing . 
  perhaps reassess things when you get the loan down below six figures , but right now your priority should be reducing that non tax deductible home loan debt . 
  i thought that was ing, 
  eh , foreign aid is weird . 
  a lot of it is `` we 'll build you a dam for cheap , because bhp said they 'll need it in a few years when they open a zinc mine here '' and stuff like that . 
  australia is actually * quite * difficult to immigrate to if you are n't skilled , compared to pretty-much any country in the west . 
  so yeah , in general , australian immigrants * are * actually skilled at something , unlike the usa , which gives out ` married/family member ' green cards like candy . 
  etf means * exchange traded * funds , so no , the asx is where you buy and sell them . 
  have you considered something like stock spot ? 
  is the ginger factory close by ? 
  that 's worth dropping by . 
  the land tax is probably the best idea . 
  makes it cheaper to sell expensive properties , but more expensive to own multiple ones . 
  so , like this, 
  you could even go down to $ 3000 parcels , since you 'll recoup the $ 11 or whatever within a month ( assuming it grows 5 % ), 
  also , you can get the indexes fairly easily too, 
  https://www.asx300list.com etc, 
  also note : many common australian share etfs are blue-chip heavy , because the * underlying indexes * are that way . 
  not a lot of controls on foreign land purchase though . 
  they 'll just switch from buying houses to buying farms . 
  ca n't you leave it until july , when they have to send the data to the ato anyway ? 
  then it will just turn up when you do your tax . 
  also estate tax issues if you die . 
  i suppose you could ask a some good consultancies like readify if they can recommend someone . 
  this guy is ticking a lot of boxes . 
  it would be cheaper to pay a bunch of people 70k a year to stay at home . 
  to see the notes that the ato has on himself ... 
  it would be cheaper to pay 400 people $ 50k per year * for the next 16 years * to sit around and pretend they have a job . 
  less environmental damage too, 
  he just wanted to create some life of his own . 
  and the cycle ~ ~ of abuse ~ ~ continues . 
  this $ 320m is just the ** latest ** in the corporate discounts provided to adani . 
  the total outlay is considerably more . 
  just remember to check the early payment fees of the loan - if there 's a $ 3000 early payment fee then that 's probably not gon na be worth it . 
  yeah , politicians love the chance to be the good guy in these situations . 
  you get a good result . 
  they get good publicity they can put in their newsletter . 
  does n't your nose get sore , though ? 
  i defer to your expertise, 
  we have a doge courier though . 
  what i really hate is banks that do n't expose a read only api . 
  i mean , its a real step back when your computer games have richer and more secure api and key management than your internet banking application . 
  are you pushing for a specific interchange standard , like ofx or ifx or whatever ? 
  surely you would be less pleased if every bank had a different format for transaction history ... 
  there were plans . 
  i think a site was even chosen . 
  not sure what happened to it .
