  it 's deliberate . 
  no , that 's not supposed to happen . 
  fail heap challenge does ; you missed the cut off though ( it 's early because sending internationally can cause a lot of fatigue ), 
  pretty easily , as it turns out . 
  still lighting cynos because they do n't actually plan to move their cap out of the region . 
  that 's a valid use case . 
  or use eve eye maps . 
  there ` sssomething screwy with selection of digits on that field though . 
  have you considered moving out of jita to [ somewhere less populated ] ( http://eve-marketdata.com/station.php?step=rank ) ? 
  remember , there are many forms of trading . 
  currently , you 're just providing liquidity by putting up a buy and sell order for the same item ( btw , what criteria did you use to choose that item ? 
  are you aware of how that item is supplied , and the reasons why it 's in demand ? 
  the best items for trading as a newbie are those where there 's random drops and constant demand via consumption , so there 's a very high chance that the people who supply the item are not the same people as drive demand , and supply ca n't be simply increased by cranking out some industry jobs ), 
  however , there 's other types , like swing trading or just flat-out seeding a market that you might prefer . 
  lastly , read up on gevlon goblin 's blog - for a while there he did a series of blog posts about starting trading in eve , from his earliest steps hauling stuff around in a tech 1 industrial all the way to his current 100b/month trading income . 
  note that a lot of what he discovers wo n't be new to you if you read up first , but it 's interesting reading about learning stuff from first principles . 
  but that 's just two open orders ( one buy , one sell ) . 
  if you have two hundred orders , then even if you 're getting a measly 1m isk/day profit from each pair of orders , that 's 3b/month . 
  d ) get friends, 
  well , we do n't know anything about valkyrie 's business model either , except perhaps some kind of kickback due to being a launch title . 
  back when i was at uni , there was a petrol price war . 
  mobil decided to sit out of it , and still made bank because no lines = no pressure to pay and get out , so the extra sales of bread and milk more than made up for the lower petrol sales . 
  heck , come to think of it , during a price war you 're probably losing money with each litre so why go out of your way to sell more of it ? 
  yes , making money via the market can be incredibly lucrative , although not guaranteed . 
  after all , just because you 're working with money instead of hit points does n't mean it 's more friendly competition than combat . 
  this link might help ; it also has links to other informative sites . 
  there 's also [ gevlon goblin 's web site ] ( http://greedygoblin.blogspot.com/p/newbie-guide-for-riches-in-eve.html ) , which has some great links as he learns all about trading by trial and error ( because he ignores everyone else 's advice ) . 
  note , however , that the amount of money you earn via trading is strictly constrained by how much money you have to play with . 
  one thing that might be good as a partner arrangement is one player manufacturing goods and the other one selling them ; eventually , it 's likely that both players would have one industry character and one trading character on their accounts , but it 's good to specialise in different things first . 
  if you want a more farmville-style income stream , there 's also planetary management , which has zero-risk income ( extraction ) plus more-risky strategies like buying materials on the market and processing them in a low-tax customs office in low-sec space . 
  i [ used to do that ] ( https://serpentinelogic.wordpress.com/2011/09/14/highsec-planetary-manufacturing/ ) for a [ while ] ( http://serpentinelogic.wordpress.com/2011/12/02/post-crucible-planetary-interaction/ ) , it was risky if the market moved , but quite profitable . 
  thanks , bot . 
  check out / r/evenewbies , there 's a bot that hands them out . 
  so use a database dump . 
  i saw what you did . 
  maybe the data is removed already , but the xml element will be removed as well , in rhea release . 
  is there automatic jobs to check whether someone 's still subbed or not and assign them different roles ? 
  `` small fleet fc seeking cruiser gang in the syndicate area for fun times and maybe more '', 
  i think the only requirement is to do n't need no man . 
  south australia was the only colony founded by free settlers ; that 's the reason they have an upper-class british influence to their accent . 
  skewl ? 
  or skewel ? 
  more like a drunken stumble through a plate glass door , but it was a valuable learning experience . 
  nonono , they 're both nerfs . 
  shields are anti-damps . 
  armor plates become anti-precision-enhancers . 
  reactives and ferros stay unchanged , so are great for scouts . 
  no , scan * precision * is what you use to find people . 
  scan * profile * is the enemy 's stat that you 're trying to beat . 
  the terminology is quite established by now . 
  they still sell vanilla coke in australia subway stores . 
  subway is cheapest , two for $ 5.50, 
  1 . that 's 600ml bottles not cans, 
  minimum wage in australia is ~ $ 16, 
  someone 's social media sock puppet needs to have a word with themselves . 
  oh wait , they just did . 
  yeah definitely i can hook you up . 
  that 's a discovery , not an invention, 
  on the other hand , there 's a gap between high school and college where you can hit the gym , delete facebook and enter law school as a new person . 
  down eve isk per hour and start number crunching . 
  alexander downer ( the politician ) has a typical australian cultivated accent , which is a rarity since most politicians deliberately aim for a mix of broad and general accents ( since that 's what most voters speak ) . 
  yes but that 's not a legal obligation . 
  taxis have actual laws . 
  used to ? 
  what happened ? 
  checks ? 
  what are they ? 
  in which country are they called ` kangs ' ? 
  when chased by dogs , roos are both smart and strong enough to jump into the nearest body of water , and drown with their arms any dogs stupid enough jump in after them . 
  those crazy amers . 
   is he in hospital for bad posting ?????? 
  if that were an actual risk , this place would be a ghost site . 
  fyi the reavers are a bunch of goons living in a pos in omist and presumably attempting to cause havoc . 
  besides my faith in humanity ? 
  c1 wormholes are pretty decent places to set up in . 
  bonus points if you steal the entire dreadnought cache . 
  actually yes . 
  `` the mittani sends his privileges '', 
  or use two bow heads and web each other . 
  any chance of a jump-capable t2 version down the track ? 
  or does that crowd out the design space that carriers enjoy ? 
  oh , one of [ those people ] ( http://img.pandawhale.com/post-38447-everything-is-awesome-gif-lego-gdjw.gif ) . 
  but they can cross-port it to pc and ps4 . 
  try asking in [ whirlpool chat ] ( http://forums.whirlpool.net.au/forum-replies.cfm?t=2261875&amp;p=44&amp;#r876 ) ? 
  yes . 
  plus it 's worth a bit more than the uncompressed ore that goes into it . 
  it 's almost the same as eve , i do n't know what your issue with it is . 
  so it 's more about the lp than the isk , i take it ? 
  yes , it 's useful , but the short range makes it only useful for certain fits ( it works best when used by small ships attacking larger ships ), 
  no , although most eve related mobile apps have this feature . 
  you 're probably training scanning skills , so you can easily have a sideline as an explorer doing hacking an archaeology sites . 
  so , start doing exercise together , like , walks and stuff ? 
   doxxing and spreading information from a dox will result in a ban . 
  no exceptions . 
  best not to tempt fate . 
  it can . 
  i went through three trials by deleting my character the day before they ended and recreating it on the next account . 
  i 'm just enjoying your user name . 
  wanted to try different things , wanted to keep the character name . 
  ended up losing it because i ca n't count to 21 . oh well .
