  as much as possible , we should work towards a meta where whatever fleet concept would win the fight and control the grid would also be viable for using the entosis links . 
   this also means that we do n't want to be using the entosis links to intentionally manipulate ship use . 
  we 've seen some people suggesting that we restrict entosis links to battleships , command ships or capital ships in order to buff those classes . 
  using the entosis link mechanics to artificially skew the meta in that way is not something we are interested in doing . 
   this goal is why we intend to use the lightest touch possible when working towards the first two goals . 
  it would be easy to overreact to potentially unwanted uses of the entosis link by placing extremely harsh restrictions on the module , but we believe that by looking at the situation in a calm and measured manner we can find a good balance . 
   ** the restrictions and penalties on the entosis link should be as simple and understandable as possible . 
   this is a fairly obvious goal but i do think it 's worth stating explicitly . 
  if we can achieve similar results with two different sets of restrictions and penalties , we 'll generally prefer to use the simpler and more understandable set . 
  this also means that we 'd generally prefer to use pre-existing mechanics that players will already be familiar with , rather than using completely new mechanics . 
   all in all , i want to make it very clear that we are going to make adjustments to the entosis link in order to get the best possible gameplay and to match these goals as well as possible . 
  if we clearly see a situation emerging where any pure evasion tactics are going to become dominant , we will make changes to the entosis link to bring the gameplay back into balance . 
  we expect that there will be many changes and tweaks to the entosis link module before launch , and more tweaks made after launch as needed . 
   we have all of the numerous tools of eve module balance at our disposal and everything is on the table . 
  we can use everything from module price , range , fittings , cap use , mass penalties , ship restrictions , speed limits and many many more . 
  we intend to use as few of these dials as possible and use the lightest touch possible , but we do have the tools we need to reach these goals . 
   we would like this thread to become a place of discussion around the entosis link mechanics , the ships that you expect to use them on , and the tactics you foresee becoming popular . 
  what issues do you foresee popping up ? 
  how do you think these goals should be adjusted or refocused ? 
  which of the many module balance dials do you think would be the most intuitive ? 
   please keep discussion calm and reasonable . 
  remember that even though we 're not making knee-jerk reactions , we are definitely listening and working to get this balance right . 
   thanks, 
   - fozzie, 
  the corporation management skill is fairly easy to learn , although there is a skill tree to allow for larger maximum corporation size . 
  the actual rl skill to manage a corporation is another thing entirely . 
  how bout smallish asteroids full of compressed ore ? 
  you forgot roller-skates and pigtails . 
  the fact is that you just mined 100m isk worth of ore in one strip cycle ... 
  yeah , but you also do n't want to exclude smaller alliances from having a go . 
  existing coalitions already have the deep pockets needed . 
  well , you can always sac into super . 
  or your wife 's super . 
  i shoot cyno frigates . 
  i sticky bomb engineers while they 're building a sentry . 
  i mass driver minmatar logistics suits while they 're repping sentinels . 
  occasionally , i have been known to send lemmings over cliffs just to hear them go splat . 
  it 's a game . 
  do n't read too much into it . 
  but i 'll probably need an address to send stuff to . 
  if your major use is for the reprocessing array or the compression array , why not turn the tower off when you 're not using it ? 
  offline towers have a constant fuel usage of zero . 
  grr store managers, 
  i would n't mind much . 
  yes you pay a lot of tax , but on the other hand , you * do * earn a lot of money . 
  source : am relatively close to that top tax bracket . 
  just do n't try to day trade . 
  market bots are allowed in rl and they will wreck you . 
  setting you - 10, 
  there 's only so much you can sacrifice into super . 
  if you get paid enough , you 'll probably cap out putting it into your spouse 's super as well . 
  then tie it mostly outside and let the goat eat from the outside in , a bit at a time ? 
  it 's a spectrum . 
  source ? 
   why you have to do this right before downtime :(, 
  autz ~, 
  how about personal secure station containers ? 
  each person has their own password . 
  i do n't see why , no . 
  during fanfest . 
  besides ` wow , okay ' of course . 
  obligatory plex comment . 
  consider it at the same level as president of a social club ( like a model train club ) . 
  would you put it on your resume , and if so , how much weight would you put on it during an interview ? 
  for * all * handheld weapons , too . 
  the much crying old experts . 
  hmm , no interest ? 
  i 'll try resubmitting . 
  i do n't think you can put anything into a siphon . 
  also , it wo n't steal from a silo , unless it 's actively being reacted , in which case it will siphon the reaction * product * rather than the input goo . 
  so basically , unless you fly over and empty out each siphon before you pop it , you 'll leak intel . 
  looks pretty simple in hindsight . 
  plaques build up inside the brain , so poke temporary holes in the blood brain barrier and watch them get flushed away and disassembled in the liver or wherever . 
  no , but the income is more regular and the risk is lower . 
  plus , it 's an option for newer characters that would n't be useful in a c5 or c6 . 
  all downhill after book 6, 
  electromagnetic forces give the nod . 
  it 's supposed to be a low slot item . 
  you missed that patch . 
  i remember doing jumps off the hill near the cru of the research facility ; it was glorious . 
  * altered carbon * is very dust514-like . 
  well , there 's always the mittani / band of brothers story , but i understand not everyone likes the historical romance novel genre . 
  you have checked the sidebar already ? 
  australian here . 
  super funds are awesome , even at our low rate . 
  ( 9.5 % company-paid ), 
  some countries , like singapore , they 're even more serious about it , with up to 35 % of your base wage going into retirement fund , either paid in by you or your employer matching it . 
  myofibril sims now boost jump speed as well as melee damage . 
  i do n't think stacking penalties are working properly though - they 're not supposed to let you do much more than jump on top of cargo containers . 
  sitting on a beacon and daring someone to escalate . 
  then do n't blob your caps . 
  it 's not illegal , just improbable to get to 100 % . 
  i do know one multimillion dollar company that went public , and ended up with 30 % of its shares owned by employees ( none of which had options ) . 
  turns out the shares went up 2000 % within five years so there 's a lot of millionaires in that company . 
  * advanced mass production iv, 
  * advanced lab operation iv, 
  any other skills needed to build what you want , which varies a lot . 
  it might be an unsecured personal loan , so the bank does n't care about what you spent it on . 
  so you 're saying that finally kbm players are good at something ? 
  step one is , why are you doing that at all , at least for blueprints you care about ?
