  some people do n't like goons , but then some people do n't like tacos . 
  people , huh ? 
  ` grr goons ' is a meme used to dismiss criticism or disparaging remarks towards goons . 
  sometimes it 's warranted , other times its just a cop out used to shut down an argument by dismissing the speaker . 
  people , huh ? 
  the last time they were just newbies in rifters , robert downey jr was an out of work coke head . 
  the easiest way is to build them where you plan to sell them , providing you sell outside of a market hub . 
  comparisons to hitler in a pasta thread ? 
  well i never . 
  where are teams going ? 
  i did n't know we were g\u00f6ring there . 
   asks why do we keep talking about fixing null sec sov . 
   keeps talking about fixing null sec sov . 
  no ; just enough to keep a lid on things . 
  i 've never seen you both at the same eve down under event . 
  just saying . 
  my mining ship is awesome !, 
  mining rocks is cool when you 're part of a fleet, 
  mining rocks is awesome !, 
  with foreman links in fleet, 
  [ web 0.1 ] ( http://thedailywtf.com/articles/web_0_0x2e_1.aspx ), 
  i accept that . 
  so yeah a few hundred million extra is probably good value for the long research to perfection . 
  perfect battleship blueprints retail for a billion over market price because it takes the best part of a year to research to max . 
  yes , more info would help . 
  but seriously , if you want to get into networking , you 'll need a ccna if you do n't have a degree . 
  for programming there 's sites like code academy , but not sure what 's available on the networking side . 
  tried going to network admin meet ups ? 
  ( the amazon web services meet up is pretty cool , probably best to cram using cloud academy first though ), 
  not for long . 
   ** reminder of upcoming rmt policy changes **, 
   we are currently working on another dev blog to announce our move to a three-strike isk buyer policy . 
  we mentioned these intentions at this year 's fanfest , but i think it warrants repeating . 
   our current 4-strike policy for isk buyers is too lenient :, 
   \u2022 1st strike , isk removed and a warning, 
   \u2022 2nd strike , isk removed and 7 day ban, 
   \u2022 3rd strike , isk removed and 30 day ban, 
   \u2022 4th strike , permanent ban, 
   going forward , our new policy for isk buyers will be :, 
   \u2022 1st strike , 7 days temporary ban and removal of isk, 
   \u2022 2nd strike , 21 days temporary ban and removal of isk, 
  [ source ] ( https://forums.eveonline.com/default.aspx?g=posts&amp;m=4852422#post4852422 ), 
  someone from / r/brisgamers took all my dark heresy stuff off me in exchange for a goat ( long story ) so there 's definitely dh players in brisbane , 
  ace also does mtg nights , which is cool if you 're into that . 
  could you explain further ? 
  are you trying to work out what 's profitable to manufacture at a different trade hub , or are you looking for trade arbitrage opportunities or what ? 
  i do n't think you realise what metadata is . 
  data : a movie . 
  metadata : that you went to a web site last night and downloaded it . 
  it strongly depends on the item . 
  some modules , like faction webs , have serious boosts to range or strength as well as better overheating resistance , so they 're pretty expensive because they 're good , so the supply of the materials used to make them are in high demand . 
  other modules are n't significantly better than tech 2 ( they might in fact be worse , but just easier to fit ) and thus might be cheap . 
  deadspace equipment is often a step up in power but due to its severely restricted supply , prices can be steep . 
  generally , the idea is that expensive faction modules do n't go on cheap ships , so one should fit according to the price of the ship and its expected survivability . 
  be warned : do n't post shit fits, 
  just an fyi , have n't seen any press or demos recently - most of the hype has been going to e :d . anything in the pipe that you can share ? 
  my corp uses a few viber channels , because that 's all we need . 
  if you need something serious , probably the best bet is to use [ brave core ] ( https://github.com/bravecollective ) and hook your own stuff up to it . 
  . . in which case , preordering sixteen massage treatments was probably a bit dicey to start with . 
  cheers , drop bear . 
  this is where i mention that gas should be compressible in rorquals . 
  minerals do n't come from planets ; they come from asteroidal [ ore ] ( http://wiki.eveuniversity.org/ore_details ) . 
  planets product [ other stuff ] ( http://wiki.eveuniversity.org/planetary_commodities ) , like bacteria and robotics . 
  planetary extraction and management is something that manufacturing characters often do as a side project , though , since they can easily be done at the same time . 
  assuming you want to get raw materials for your manufacturing lines , it 's probably best to buy from the market . 
  if you 're serious about manufacturing , you 'll never be able to mine enough to keep your production lines fed , so do n't bother . 
  put up some buy orders and let the minerals roll in . 
  creating a single-run blueprint copy costs about 1.2 m isk , so yours would be 2 million tops . 
  first thing you should do is train a few levels in diplomacy , which will take the edge off that negative standing . 
  diplomacy affects negative standings ; connections affects positive standings , and social lets you gain standings faster . 
  you wo n't be able to join the militia directly , but you should be able to join a player-run corp. 
  if you 're joining gal , aideron robotics is a good choice to start with . 
  they 're newbie friendly and seem to have their act together . 
  1.2 m x 2 = 2.4 m. 
  2.4 m is the maximum that anyone would pay . 
  higher than that , and they 'll just invent it themselves . 
  thus , ' 2 million tops ' . 
  you 'd be surprised how little a few percent me makes when you have only two runs and low granularity of input materials . 
  have you considered going full sniper and selecting a [ tornado ] ( http://failheap-challenge.com/showthread.php?4732-pvp-tornado ) instead ? 
  it 's not as vertical as the tornado , though . 
  make do with a ship that reminds you of a b-wing instead ? 
  at any given moment , sure , but it 's entirely possible that if there 's a spread like :, 
  buy : 5.24 , sell 5.34, 
  that bids for 5.22 will still be filled when someone rocks up with a bunch of minerals and sells straight through the top buy order . 
  it 's the best way to play . 
  someone should tell op about the no blue intel rule . 
  holy shit it uses single sign on from sisi . 
  this should be a post by itself . 
  they do take longer , but that 's how you accumulate a stockpile cheaply . 
  8k per hour seems low . 
  generally 100k is an aacceptable amount per line . 
  try eveiskperhour once the author fixes it for the crius changes . 
  one of these two things has a chance of happening . 
  always have a separate ship for missions . 
  after all , every time you undock for pvp , expect to lose that ship . 
  if you want to * sell * a slave omega , you could, 
  a ) sell it immediately for 950m or, 
  b ) put a sell order up and get 1010m minus taxes and wait . 
  so unless you really , really need the isk now , why not put a sell order up and see if you can get a bit more money ? 
  if you want to buy a slave omega , you could,
