  salvage drone i x3, 
  core scanner probe i x16, 
  but you can easily get away with a tech 1 cloak if you want . 
  obviously you 'd lose access to the range finding array in a probe , but if you hit a signature that you ca n't scan down normally , by using a mobile depot you can take off all the analysers and replace with multiple scan modules , then swap them out for analysers and cargo scanners afterwards . 
  well , working remotely is now a possibility , unlike before . 
   but , companies will either pay more at the same # of hours or pay the same for fewer hours worked . 
  so if a shop needs 8x5 employee coverage , what will they do for the extra 3 hours they did n't want to pay someone ? 
   minimum is designed to temporarily shock economically vulnerable small business , so that large corporations can run them out of town . 
  i 'm pretty sure most minimum wage laws already have concessions for small businesses . 
   it also creates inflation that dilutes the savings of poor people . 
  what savings ? 
  poor people have very little savings compared to their reliance on wages , which this would boost . 
   finally , for forbids people from working jobs where their labor generates less value per hour than the minimum wage ... forcing them onto welfare . 
  so be it . 
  some jobs that are marginal now will be clearly not worth it after a minimum wage hike . 
  that 's how things work . 
  either the business trims the unnecessary job , or finds a way to increase the productivity of the workers so the job gets done using less wage-hours . 
  also it 's a hot place to work , which is not really fun in australia . 
  ok , so unless you are confident in one particular company , then it 's best to invest in a fund instead . 
  some funds are managed , with the idea that they get higher returns to offset the management fees . 
  hedge funds , geared funds and practically anything from colonial first state fits this mold . 
  other funds track a fairly fixed basket of companies and thus have really low fees ( these are called index funds ) . 
  vanguard has a lot of these and they 're quite popular . 
  personally i suggest putting a chunk of money into a vanguard fund ( or two - it 's nice to get access to the us market as well as domestic ) but keep the rest in term deposits since you 'll likely need it soonish . 
  nab cards are free if you have a certain number of shares . 
  fair enough . 
  my current workplace enforces wfh at least two days per week because they do n't have enough seat space . 
  perhaps the drones and suitcase are for surviving long enough if rats spawn due to a bad hack attempt . 
  the t2 explorer ship gives a higher virus strength , which is a big deal , as well as better bonuses to scan strength so you can boost virus strength even further using rigs , instead of gravity capacitor rigs . 
  but yeah , you 'll probably have a lot more problems dealing with rats that spawn , so you 'll need a mobile depot to swap in a couple of rocket launchers if the situation arises . 
  alternatively , upgrade to a strategic cruiser which can take on practically anything , although it 's worse at hacking . 
  this is especially true for t2 xl turrets , which would affect the game substantially because t2 ammo is * kinda good * . 
  if you wo n't be playing much why not get your core skills out of the way ? 
  remap int mem and train exploration skills to v , support skills to v , navigation skills etc. 
  then when you get time to play , remap to perception and willpower and train the missile and piloting skills that directly improve your combat ability each time you play . 
  barrage is pretty good for kiting . 
  it 's just that so many more ships can kite now , so it 's usefulness has been diluted . 
  i 'm pretty sure that faction warfare space is not null sec . 
  p s congratulations on getting back on an even keel . 
  it 's not easy . 
  well , it 's where the more recent chinese immigrants settle . 
  it has been half a century or more since the valley got an influx of chinese . 
  do you have a defence lawyer ? 
  what area of brisbane ? 
  i especially like the surly wait staff . 
  adds authenticity . 
  looks like jeff . 
  it 's really telling that the best mods / r/eve had was aradon . 
  and the second best mod is nuadi who does flair . 
  do n't look at us , we were n't the ones who decided that voting for mods was a good idea . 
  you do n't have to learn how , but at the minimum , you need to adopt a ` live and let live ' approach . 
  and by that , i mean that we all know it 's a stupid game but we 'll never admit it because we 're really good at it . 
  you 're already ahead of half the voting population of australia, 
  i 'd say ` ask your corp mates ' but i 'm pretty sure no one else in brave knows how to pvp either . 
  but that 's not what he is famous for . 
  some of the ship descriptions are outdated , but it 's still a great repository of wisdom . 
  no , domino 's does . 
  because they deliver . 
  less cost ? 
  charters cost 2 % of running costs of a tower , plus the benefits of always being x jumps from a market hub instead of randomly scanning down your static and finding it 's deep in solitude . 
  years of playing eve has taught me that this is most likely jeff running preemptive damage control of his own bad moderation skills . 
  13g seems a bit low , tbh . 
  also , remember that if you 're good at shooting things , you can swap from running missions to other military pursuits quite easily so do n't feel you have to run them forever . 
  personally i ran about two level 3 missions before getting incredibly bored of the whole experience and looking for fun elsewhere . 
   hd : 20 gb free space ( or more ), 
  only some ? 
  sigh . 
  he 's pretty deep into dota2 now . 
  join bovril borers , they 're affiliated with brave newbies corporation and are n't afraid of newbies with suspicious reddit posts . 
  logistics cruisers must be on grid . 
  fleet boosters can currently be off grid , but that is likely to change so plan to be on grid and firing turrets sooner or later . 
  orca * can * do remote repairs but the main benefit is increasing shield resistance using a warfare link ( unbonused ) along with bonused mining links , so you wo n't have many high slots spare for repping . 
  also you do n't get the range bonus of dedicated logistics ships so it 's a bit pointless . 
  no you ca n't cloak with links up . 
  links work for the whole fleet , depending where in the fleet hierarchy you are . 
  yes you can use multiple links at once . 
  command ships are better at links than t3 ships , but t3 ships get bonuses to three types of link instead of two . 
  appropriate to this sub due to :, 
  faith no more appears to have a new single out , according to play music , so it 's probably more than rumours . 
  i 'm going to see them at soundwave '15 in march . 
  until he funked up his voice with drugs . 
  yeah , like that voice actor from titan ae . 
  what 's his name , matt damon or something . 
  true , but citizens do n't need to stand for it , and can let the venues know that hosting someone like this will have repercussions to their image . 
  babies and toddlers do n't deserve to die because of this . 
  it 's not as if they could choose their parents . 
  needs isk/hour/planet calculation , based on the optimal processing setup for each tier . 
   people who choose to put other people 's children at risk as a result of their willful ignorance have forsaken their right to be a part of our society . 
  this is why i banned any of my relatives from coming to see my newborns for their first six months , unless they 'd had a booster shot themselves . 
  ambushes are a lot better if you are a slayer , since you get more kills per hour . 
  where 's the intensive reprocessing array ? 
  that 's a major part of how low sec towers work , unless you have some idea of flying freighters fill of minerals into low sec . 
  a jump freighter is a lot of compressed ore , easily enough for a half dozen caps . 
  for smaller runs , an ore hauler or blockade runner are fine . 
  it 's been available since the late 90s, 
  a viator can hold maybe 10k m3 , so that 's enough for about a third of a carrier . 
  however a miasmos can carry about two carriers worth of compressed ore , as well as four warp core stabs . 
  and yes , reprocessing arrays can refine compressed ore as well as normal ore . 
  installation slots do n't exist any more . 
  just bear in mind that prototype stuff can be quite expensive to restock , and most people do n't run full photo very often .
