  it got marked as spam for having the words ` recall program ' in it , so submission was delayed by ~ 8 hours . 
  also / r/evetech, 
  could i request / r/eve please . 
  thanks, 
  that 's ten washes per year . 
  hmm that 's probably about right . 
  aka ccp dropbear . 
  seriously , who wants thermal coal any more ? 
  totally unlike hours4plex ? 
  needs a way to permalink to a particular graph setup :(, 
  alan jones has form , there . 
  perhaps once single sign on becomes a thing , the browser should be removed , just like the jukebox ? 
  you can tell who the spies are in brave . 
  they 're the ones with ammo in their guns . 
  sup not-dropbear . 
  it 'll be offered again in november . 
  i have a freighter full of do n't - give-a-fuck . 
  blow . 
  a combination of not knowing tipping culture ( but ` when in rome ' ) , and being used to higher prices for food . 
  i mean , i do n't know how much a good burger actually costs in the us , but given that they cost ~ ten bucks in australia , that gives me a fair bit of headroom when it comes to tips . 
  we do n't tip in australia ; if we get poor service , we just do n't go there again . 
  i 'm in brisbane . 
  i understand the economic incentive to deliver good service , but i reject the assumption that the customer ( or , their tip money ) is always right . 
  if someone provides good service , i may tip , or i may tell their manager to compliment them . 
  if someone provides poor service , i may tell their manager to complain , but i do n't believe it 's my right to take money out of their pocket because i happen to think they provided poor service this one particular time . 
  after all , i do n't believe i 'm an arsehole but i 've been led to believe otherwise as well , so i 'm happy to let the punishment or non-punishment fall to the cafe manager instead of my unreliable viewpoint . 
  looking at it another way , i do n't expect a discount for poor service ; i demand a minimum standard instead of a sliding scale . 
  that ten bucks does n't include any fries or whatever , right ? 
  context please . 
  complex-grade shield extenders make a big difference to caldari suits . 
  0.75 is still fairly decent considering your shallow map knowledge . 
  the assault rifle fires plasma and is short-range automatic . 
  combat rifle fires bullets ( better against armour ) and is slightly longer range 3-round burst fire . 
  welp . 
  1 . no , the intensive array is low sec only . 
  it 's a bit better than the high sec array , which in turn is better than high sec stations . 
  there are lots of retired eve players in lawn . 
  it 's kinda their thing . 
  yes . 
  environmental engineering is a thing , you know . 
  i do n't even, 
  as always , it depends what level of remediation you 're willing to accept . 
  for instance , if there 's a mountain of iron ore , it 's unreasonable to expect it to be remediated back to a mountain afterwards . 
  a valley mightbe much more prudent . 
  alternatively you can do cooperative salvaging . 
  google for pro synergy eve , it 's a salvaging corp. 
  so , unczech the ambient sounds czechbox . 
  i have him tagged as ccp , it 's all good . 
  but who would * want * them ? 
  long ; read anyway . 
  good article . 
  this is already happening . 
  cool . 
  hope to see some news about valkyrie soon , 
  it should be pretty easy to work out my ign ... 
  also , lol undocking . 
  yeah , some of those guys have 40m isk worth of cores ( assuming 150 rp to redeem ), 
  mate . 
  note that there are 30-day active + passive booster bundles that are discounted from normal price , you might want to use them instead . 
  sony already got its cut when the aur was bought . 
  they 're economically liberal . 
  they just happen to be very socially conservative . 
  interesting seeing australia in the top three . 
  i guess we 're a lot more fond of giving money than , for example , immigration visas . 
  [ sauce ] ( http://society6.com/werkzerk/spreadsheet-enthusiast_t-shirt#11=49&amp;4=75 ), 
  i know two people who bought houses in the us after the gfc , for as low as $ 3000 + back taxes . 
  i think they bought in a good suburb though , and not somewhere like detroit . 
  i like [ the 100mn ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/eve/comments/v7d51/eve_drinkscocktails/ ) , personally . 
  i think you can raise a support ticket using only an email address , but yeah , you can start a throwaway trial account and raise a ticket from that , if you prefer . 
  it was somewhere in socal . 
  that 's all i know . 
  i think it 's more narcissistic personality disorder . 
  most politicians are like that . 
  with cluster-wide chat channels , why bother with location-based chat ? 
  sorry , the recall program was only available in [ april and may ] ( http://serpentinelogic.wordpress.com/2014/06/04/eve-recall-program-ends/ ) . 
  nobody knows when it will be back . 
  there are various offers for new accounts though . 
  jesus christ poe stop being so fucking bitter for once . 
  seems fair . 
  just like many countries only fingerprint you at customs if your country fingerprints them when they travel in the opposite direction . 
  they crack high sec ecm towers pretty handily . 
  you mean he * poached * it . 
  sugar kyle has a series of blog posts about seeding a low sec system to turn it into a regional hub . 
  we just fly . 
  rock you like a hurricane ? 
  yes . 
  whatever ship i undock with instantly becomes the worst ship in eve . 
  to provoke a fight . 
  [ an example . 
  ] ( http://www.news.com.au/national/council-blocks-suspected-tree-loppers-view/story-e6frfkwi-1111115863763 ), 
  we call it the red weeding . 
  i * demand * you make another graph , charting my snarky comments . 
  do n't you get kicked after you deal a certain amount of damage ? 
  surely a tank or two would push you over the limit . 
  i eft 'd it up , you can get 100k cargo with some t2 rigs , but the ehp drops to 90k ( vs 200k + if you tank it ), 
  yeah , searching for ` ripard ' is probably not as accurate as ` ripard or jester ', 
  pretty close to 140 . 
  some of the problem is that all the bonuses go to the inviter . 
  if it were split half a plex each , then there 's not much left to scam . 
  if you can fly battleships of two races , why ca n't you fly something vaguely doctrine-like ?
