  i think you ca n't really do more than two columns , heck probably even one column would be sufficient . 
  ask on whirlpool . 
  they know these things . 
   hello all ,, 
   so the title of this thread is pretty bold in its assertion . 
  first before i get to `` the ideas '' let me spin you a little tale of yesteryear . 
  a tale of a eve that i had been part of . 
  once upon a time before capitals existed and before anyone ever heard of a jump bridge eve was exciting . 
  i started out in nullsec in the querious region in a alliance called firmus ixion . 
  in that time there were n't any capitals or jumpbridges . 
  living in nullsec was exciting and dangerous . 
  we depended on keeping logistic lanes safe so we could stay supplied in nullsec . 
  this meant pipes to empire had to be controlled which also meant hotbed areas for small to medium engagements . 
   nullsec entrances were/are sparse so opposing entities would jockey over controlling them daily . 
  there would be fights and skirmishes to win the right to control the nullsec entrance . 
  keeping markets and pilots stocked was important in those days . 
  because you could beat/break an alliance as you do now but you could also starve them out . 
  literally siege them and strangle they 're logistics and run them out of ships to fight you . 
  miners were important to nullsec alliances because importing minerals was n't practical ( no jumpfreighters or jumpbridges ) . 
  this meant mining ops were a daily affair . 
  which in turn meant defense gangs were a thing and hostile raiding parties were also a thing spurring even more fights . 
  builders/industrialist were important because again just simply importing everything from empire was not practical . 
  this meant creating a safe environment so they can do their work . 
   you see surviving as a sov holding alliance in nullsec was like being part of a village or a team . 
  everyone depended on eachother to do something to help the village/team survive . 
  there were other things during that time that were different . 
  alliances still had allies but you had less allies than the giant monolithic coalitions of today . 
  reasons being was because there were no jumpdrives or bridges you had to travel for pvp content . 
  nobody likes to travel an hour to find there first neutral . 
  so typically you had regional blocks . 
  the old south had 6 different coalitions at one point alone . 
  you still had epic fights but conflicts were mostly smaller . 
   now i know you all are sitting here saying `` manny is all nostalgic recalling the old days with rose tinted glasses '' . 
  i have been having this conversation with friends for a few years . 
  i have been listening to the reasons my ideas wo n't work even though people agree it would solve current issues . 
  things l have been told are `` ccp will never remove jumpdrives and jumpbridges people like easy & convenient stuff too much '' `` if you remove jumpbridges and jumpdrives you wo n't see anymore b-rs , asakais etc etc. 
  ccp depends on those headlines to draw new customers '' . 
  to which i say removing them is imperative and a piece of what needs to be done to change the game in a positive manner for everyone . 
   so here is the problem with nullsec now and nullsec is important because the headlines us nullsec ` rs make are the headlines that ccp uses for marketing . 
  we are down to 2 coalitions left . 
  it is not in either coalitions best interest to let any new parties into nullsec unless they can be subverted or be used for cheap farming at a later date ( hi hero coalition soz but its the the truth ) . 
  neither coalition is going to give up space to just let some new guys come out to nullsec . 
  the only way you are getting out here is to join an existing coalition or become a renter . 
  all of the money from moons and renters are controlled by the 2 coalitions . 
  we make agreements to protect those incomes so we can keep on living the `` good life '' . 
  conflict will only happen when we have to give content to line members so we can justify our existance . 
  that conflict will be in the form of proxy wars not full on attack . 
  so expect once a year for there to be a war in nullsec and the rest of the time coalitions will maneuver for advantage on the next conflict . 
  im sorry to say but this is where we are at unless ccp changes something . 
  lets face it most of all the changes we 've heard about can be gamed and only hurt the little guy . 
   ** changes **, 
   * jumprdrives limited jumprange to adjacent system only . 
  ( lightyear distance is irrelevant ), 
   * all capitals can use stargates . 
   * jumpfreighters gain bubble immunity, 
   * one jumpbridge per system can only connect to adjacent system ( lightyear distance is irrelevant ), 
   * regional trade npc is created to exchange racial building materials for other racial building materials . 
   * sovereignty cost has 3 added modifiers, 
  proximity to other owned sov . 
  so if you own a system and your other sov is not connected to that system then the cost is increased of the unconnected system . 
  pirate & mining index affects sov cost . 
  so if you are at level 4 or higher than there is no cost modifier . 
  but 3 , 2 , 1 affects the cost . 
  ( levels are subjective and clearly open to debate/adjustment ), 
   * the aforementioned criteria could also be modifiers for effecting sov structure tenacity . 
  so a lightly or unused system would have structures with shorter rf cycles and less ehp . 
   * stations are destructible ( argue over the specific mechanic to reach that end state but make this a thing ) you wreck/kill the station all assets are relocated like a clone to a lowsec location . 
  perhaps it leaves a wreck that can be rebuilt who knows who cares we all want this lets do it and be done with it . 
   * ihubs become hackable . 
  meaning that a player can hack the ihub and disable a upgrade for x period of time ( 24 hours ? ), 
  when a player initiates a hack it emotes in local with a countdown and a notification is sent to the alliance via evemail that someone is attempting a hack . 
  if that player is n't interrupted in a period of time ( 15 mins ? ), 
  then the targeted upgrade is disabled . 
  so the goals here are to take a blunt hammer to power projection without removing the shinies that people want/covet/like . 
  we want a level playing field because adding more tope usage or things like that only hurts the little guy . 
  we want to break up the coalitions to give room for the little guy and for newer groups to have a chance in nullsec . 
  because lets face it is your alliance going to keep its blue list if you literally have to travel a hour or more in 1 direction to find pvp content ? 
  maybe so and if they do you will atrophy from lack of pvp content . 
  o also you ca n't just deploy your alliance to another part of the game thats hostile to get easy content while your blue home is safe . 
  because if you do that your sov cost goes up as your indexes fall and your structures become easier to destroy . 
  now bringing everything in from empire to survive in nullsec is hard as hell unless you want to do freighter ops all day . 
  so the answer is you will want miners and builders in your home to supply your markets with the goods you need/want to survive . 
  perhaps you are really good at producing making things . 
  you can export those to empire or npc markets for more income . 
  there would still be wars and sov contest but they would be more regional . 
  you would still see epic fights over pivotal timers ( people would call in help from outsiders for important fights ) but fights would be more localized . 
  mercs would be very important again . 
  i mean if you 're alliance is more slanted to industrial pursuits than say pvp chances are you will be better funded better suited to sustain a long siege and have the finances to hire people to augment or assist in your fighting capability . 
  this also means you will have to have mining ops and keep logistic lanes clear/free of hostiles . 
  which means defense gangs/fleets . 
  which provides perfect opportunities for small to medium size engagements . 
  reasons to gatecamp reasons to raid those gatecamps and mining parties . 
  this means content this is conflict drivers . 
  this creates tension between neighbors and gives reason to forge friendships or wage war . 
  it means your alliance only holds what sov it can use because unused underutilized sov cost more and is easy to take . 
   see a sandbox thrives when you create interaction and the best way to do that is through creating dependency and by waving carrots . 
  anyway hth ccp please make it so . 
  personally , i do n't think capitals need to use gates * per se * ; perhaps a more-setting-appropriate method would be to make a deployable that the cap pilot could send through the gate to light a cyno for them . 
  yeah , does n't use horizontal space well , since damn near everything wraps on an average sized window . 
  personally i do n't think it needs columns at all .
