  lion , ogre , wd etc. 
  i just logout from discord instead . 
  well , we were going to roll out optic fiber to homes , but a conservative government got into power and deliberately crippled the rollout so the previous government would n't be seen to do a good job . 
  ps fuck cancer and lymphoma in particular . 
  i think i 've seen that video . 
  incoming governments , too . 
  i 'd cut the hangars for something else . 
  pretty sure there 's a 2/1 eldrazi for b in standard . 
  http://www.evemeet.net is a thing . 
  nice . 
  but what about nose art ? 
  \u2764 sun strike, 
  you guys are in violent agreement . 
  how can you not get * any * duel victories against sm and ss , with a nyx assisting you ? 
  crest is modelled more strictly against the eve api , so it enforces region boundaries . 
  eve-central publishes its own api , so it can do what it wants . 
  one player with ( ganking ) support, 
  one player with ( snowball ) carry . 
  something like cm + ck can go absolute ham at level 2 ( stun + pull + root + slow , get aura at level 3 and 4 ) , get quick xp and gold and wreck a lane . 
  the idea is to ruin the opposing lane ( probably safe lane ) so hard that they abandon , so you take towers , coordinate rotations to wreck other lanes , and just snowball . 
  ck farms heroes , and kills a tower each time his ultimate is up ( a casual quelling blade or talon helps , since his illusions benefit from it ), 
  all he * needs * for mid game items is boots and armlet , although other cheap stuff like mangoes , orb of venom and drums are helpful . 
  when he gets heart , he 's stupid hard to stop . 
  so a ck/cm pair ends up with cm getting urn for post-gank healing , which will get ck over the mid game lull . 
  something close to , yeah . 
  if you can fit an orb in , that would be good . 
  mangos are really good on ck because at low levels he can burn through his mana so quickly . 
  do n't be afraid to courier out a mango and/or a health potion if you 're snowballing . 
  i would prioritise the pull over the stun at level 1 : in a rune fight , you ' l get more damage from your team right clicking than you would from the short stun . 
  plus , in 6.86 the extra damage from the pull scales really well early . 
  also it 's way cheaper mana cost than the stun . 
  in fact , in a gank build i 'd probably go wqwqwqwq ** err ** . 
  the e is * nice * but is not as good if you do n't have 3 other knights to help proc it , and you 'll likely get quick levels from ganking . 
  you take a break at level 8 to get the crit , then back to back ultimates 10/11 . 
  oh , and the illusion runes are your best friend . 
  do not apologize to your mid for stealing them . 
  fair enough . 
  probably a level 4 pick up then . 
  you 'll really see the benefits of level 4 rift when you get it . 
  6 second cool down is so good . 
  1 . we have a corporate blueprint library . 
  make copies , then do whatever idk, 
  2 . financially ? 
  no need . 
  we have one wallet division that people put money in , to pay for copying costs . 
  everything else is n't needed . 
  our goals are `` at least one of us should login this month '', 
  group efforts are tricky . 
  at most , someone will eve mail a message with `` corp just bought some new blueprints , please research them and feel free to copy '' or request new blueprints we 're missing . 
  that 's next level key binding, 
  yeah , probably involves typing into the console to load hero name dot cfg, 
  contortion pivots into extra damage when necessary . 
  core , yes . 
  carry , no . 
   this feels like just rubbing it in my face !, 
  not that there 's anything wrong with that . 
  takes all sorts , etc. 
  this is the best . 
  no clicking necessary , just wiggle two fingers . 
  tldr games that have a high sum of [ intense plays + deep game-state analysis ] to become ` hard fun ' to play , are those that make better e-sports . 
  if the game is not * actually hard * to play at a high level , then people will play instead of watching pros play . 
  where do you think valkyrie fits on that scale ? 
  you can use autoexec.cfg to bind things , but i find it 's quite unreliable when it comes to chaining commands together . 
  the fact that poof has a cast point means that i 'm 99 % sure it wo n't work . 
  tbh i think hero discussion might be better in / r/learndota2 instead . 
  that 's australia for you . 
  also , let 's not forget the anti-stacking auras that were added in 6.86 that really cuts into the efficiency of oo . 
  wait , 6:30 ? 
  with boots or not ? 
  what 's your build ? 
  at potato tier , i usually average about 9m for boots + talon + stout + blink ( one set of tangos eaten ), 
  wow she wrecks with invoker, 
  this is a crazy thought so bear with me here , but maybe, 
  maybe you 're a 4k player . 
  sky is great if you have lc on your side though . 
  meh , kpi tracking is only as good as the kpis , which businesses are terrible at . 
  employee testing is a big thing ; look at revelian . 
  i occasionally / r/friends surf, 
  i 'm reluctant to find out . 
  this explains much . 
  do you mean / r/truedota2 ? 
  how can you love spreadsheets yet not play eve online, 
  i like hyde because he is clearly the best running back the 49ers have . 
  honey plus bacon is even better, 
  pistols or swords ? 
  i 'd like the option to discuss other systems , as long as it 's a crosspost rather than direct link . 
  better off with iron talon and a better item . 
  what 's the story behind the name sreegs ? 
  oh god the stories i could tell about ibm , accenture and oracle ... 
  if you need 250 + developers immediately , they 're probably your only option , but if not , there are so many places that can do to the project faster , better , cheaper or all three . 
  that 's still a thing ? 
  e. g. baltimore, 
  pax was started after i got out of the hobby . 
  btw you would n't know where to sell vintage magic cards would you ? 
  thanks, 
  presumably this could raise you above the `` worth actually inviting to alpha test '' threshold ... 
  the ancient chinese used to blow powdered small pox scabs up peoples noses to vaccinate them . 
  i 'm sure they would have injected instead if they had modern technology ... 
  pharmaceutical companies make very little money on vaccines , btw . 
  are there any problems with lc arcana ?
