  does hamilton still have those golf carts to get around the island ? 
  i know the residents and staff have seat belts on their carts , but have the rental carts been upgraded as well ? 
  they did n't have them last time i was there . 
  nobody mines in lowsec belts ; they scan down sites instead . 
  lowsec belts are for ratting and tags4sec encourages this . 
  more pilots in space = fun . 
  more pilots in space in pvp fits = extra fun . 
  as an australian , i 'm totally ok with paying extra taxes to pay for your meds . 
  the kicker is that , i do n't , because even with all the subsidies , australian healthcare costs about 6/10 per-capita spend , compared to the us . 
  in the middle ages , poor people had way better teeth than the aristocracy , because healthy food was the only food they could get . 
  no worse than deer in the usa . 
  ok , it 's actually a fair bit worse . 
  the solution is to just not drive at highway speeds at dawn or dusk in the outback and you 'll probably be alright . 
   if they fixed/removed the lag when interacting with the gui then half my complaints with the game 's current state will be resolved . 
  the number of times i have tried to weapon switch ( capslock ) but hit tab instead , and died to ui loading screens surely reaches into the dozens . 
  now walk into the club like `` what up ?!, 
  i got a big fleet ! '', 
  nah , i 'm just pumped , i bought a ship from a corp mate . 
  fair enough . 
  the reason i asked is that my sister is a quadriplegic because she fell off a golf cart there , and it did n't have seat belts . 
  i use courier contracts sent by my trade alt . 
  also , ordering stuff is easy because my alliance uses fleet-up so i press button and order . 
  courtesy of stabbed up . 
  goon swarm federation has a year 's old training plan called `` ten hour hero '' because that 's all it takes to be a minimally useful pvp pilot . 
  of course , you 'll lose a dozen ships for each one you tackle for long enough for your mates to gang up on , but hey , you 're flying a ship that costs less than the ammo used to kill it so what did you expect . 
  nit picking . 
  commented on by someone who went to qut . 
  we can play this game all day . 
  tapping capslock switches between primary and sidearm though . 
  the ones you survive a crash with , 
  it 's easy to impose a tax on aur transferred , so there is margin to pay sony in some form . 
  no , they hit the road shoulder on a corner going down the top of the hill . 
  a wheel dipped into a hole and the cart rolled . 
  the talks that are on right now are pretty neat , though . 
   i think the key issue here is that uq is paying someone to write this . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  something something rum , sodomy and the lash . 
  hell , sometimes * i 'm * turned away . 
  it 'll probably be up on the mittens tomorrow . 
  i believe the modern phrase is ' [ mother father ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aso_zypdnsq ) ' . 
  evr + dust . 
  sure . 
  bitterness level : through the roof, 
  confirming that tits are exactly as awesome as the new jump effect . 
  tldr high security ice supply will be tightened , also moon goo and t2 component changes . 
  really wish i had dropped a few billion into ice yesterday . 
  probably the safest way to take out a tank ... 
  i do n't know about you , but i have seen a skirmish cloned out twice . 
  ever . 
  you 'd be surprised how much teamwork matters . 
  in assaults with random people , i 'm usually in the top 2 , because neither side can rely on teamwork . 
  when a squad drops in , it gets really hard ; even if i kill three of them , the fourth kills me and injects the others . 
  people play like that because it works . 
  it 's called pragmatism , or realpolitik , or perhaps antisocial personality disorder . 
  my home corp is n't dust centric , so we joined a corp that is . 
  we 've made enough friends that when my old corp wants a district , we can pull in corpies from our dust mates and have a good chance of winning . 
  also i joined their chat channel so i can still talk to them . 
  that 's still reasonable . 
  not so reasonable is the same skill set with a prototype suit so you do n't have to leave the injector at home while still having four high slots to play with . 
  is [ australia big enough ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_broadband_network ) , then ? 
  well , uprising has a skill point reimbursement so you can take all those points out of vehicles . 
  the thing to remember about any game is that some people enjoy a close fought game , and others only enjoy wins so a stomp is better than a close game . 
  this goes double for important games such as planetary control mat hes . 
  it 's not playing for fun , it 's serious . 
  i started playing dust as a logistics suit , but i swapped to assault once i realised that 95 % of the players i revived were n't worth the effort . 
  my logistics fits these days still do n't fit a remote rep , because generally the team needs my gun more . 
  last i saw , they were in syndicate . 
  i do remember them in providence the before evoke moved in , way back when . 
  you should hit up the mods for a csm flair ... 
  he 's too green . 
  expect him to run again next year, 
  anything that increases hit points should be raised to 4 or 5 . 
  more survivability means cheaper expenses per match which means more expensive and effective fits are suddenly not a waste . 
  generally the skills needed to get complex shield extenders are never wasted , and you should consider adding two of them to many of your standard fits . 
  mobility is also important and i 'd put a few points into increasing stamina . 
  i also like 2 points in drop up links , nano hives and grenades to unlock some useful upgrades to the standard ones . 
  after that it 's up to you , you 'll probably spend the rest pretty quickly on stuff you really want . 
  eve is like wrestling . 
  you do n't have to be a wrestler to enjoy the drama . 
  i like the political intrigue , i like the graphics , i like the adrenalin when i actually undock to shoot stuff , and i like the quiet sense of achievement as my isk total goes up when i do something clever ( i do n't rat or do any grinding so all the isk i accumulate is via my wits ), 
  also i like game mechanics , of which eve and dust have some good and some bad so it 's good to analyse them and work out which is which and for what reason . 
  dust university probably has a wealth of forum guides available . 
  i think you 'll get a lot out of it . 
  thank you . 
  rorquals also ca n't get into high sec either , so you 'll have to come to him . 
  i believe suleiman shouaa runs a jump clone service ( 1m isk per clone ) if you need it . 
  cultural victory . 
  some people care about their kill death ratio . 
  that is why they are willing to take an isk loss in each game to preserve it . 
  welcome to life vov . 
  having said that , expect dust to be a launch title for the ps4 . 
  sony has spent too much advertising dollars on dust to kick it to the kerb when the next generation arrives . 
  more like a flare gun . 
  if you go hard at it this week , you can pull in about 800k skill points . 
  manufacturing , invention , trade , patch speculation etc. 
  stuff where profit is certainly not assured . 
  celebrate ? 
  it 's a linked list instead of an array . 
  it does have elves , so yes . 
  your dad was very good at quake .
