  * 1 year, 
  * 5 + years, 
  * 20 + years, 
  bearing in mind that you may be earning ( and spending ) money during that time . 
  that will give you an idea of how you should apportion your money . 
  for long term stuff , many people like index funds ( usually exchange-traded due to some peculiarities about vanguard 's model ), 
  for short term stuff , high interest savings accounts are very popular and very low risk . 
  for the medium-term stuff , it 's a bit up in the air . 
  some people go with peer to peer lending ; others go with term deposits , and still others invest in the stock market and hope the market is up when they want to cash out . 
  there are other options , ofc , 
  your managed fund-vs-etf thinking makes sense . 
  you have thought through the advantages and disadvantages and seem happy with your choice . 
  with regards to saving for a deposit , a hisa appears to be a better idea than bonds ( due to the aforementioned bond yield issue ) . 
  assuming hisa as a baseline , what would you rather happen ? 
  * investments that are tied to housing market , so if house prices rise , your deposit keeps up , but if house prices fall , your deposit shrinks, 
  * returns largely independent of housing market , with the risk of not being able to cash out at a profit due to timing, 
  he stayed in safe lane , mostly . 
  how much did you pay for them ? 
  ten cent ? 
  op is still at university . 
  i have no idea what you mean . 
  peer to peer lending is one of those products for the medium term ; longer than term deposits , but shorter than index funds . 
  that explains some of its popularity . 
  but in that case , you could have put the first couple of years investment into some long term investment options and switch to hisa for later years . 
  they turn into melee form , but they do n't disappear or anything . 
  they still do a good proportion of the hero 's damage , and there 's multiple . 
  oh , hey , i know you might think this is overkill , but if you have siblings , it 's probably a good idea to go to a lawyer to get a loan agreement drawn up ( it 's cheap , couple hundred bucks tops ) . 
  the loan can specify 0 % interest , and a ` on demand ' repayment schedule . 
  basically , it means that it 's not a gift , so it does n't trigger any bullshit , and since there 's paperwork , it will come out of your share of the inheritance without your siblings bitching . 
  if your parents want to to the same loan to others , then you already have a template , so all you need to do is copy it , change the names , and get it witnessed . 
  on the other hand , they did one shitty cosmetic . 
  one would imagine that , if they could put together a compendium-quality skin , they 'd make a lot more than that . 
  from what i 've seen in sea , you could make a decent living operating a data centre that does n't fucking suck . 
  how about bubble tea ? 
  if bandwidth is a problem , at least you 're on an even footing with everyone else . 
  / u/cerebik 's response suggests it 's not so cut and dried, 
  i would not do that , personally . 
  i decided on a three fund portfolio . 
  i will reassess in a couple of years once each fund is a decent size . 
  except for veu . 
  vgs has international exposure but is australian domiciled . 
  veu has foreign tax from a us standpoint , that can not be credited in australia . 
  in contrast , vts has us tax , which can be credited here . 
  put bottle on courier, 
  select courier, 
  hold shift, 
  q f, 
  ok press r then, 
  vas , vgs , vge to complement my wife 's portfolio which has different funds and ratios . 
  you do know that nobody in australia knows what outback steakhouse is , right ? 
  i 'd quit too if i had to smoke socks . 
  sounds like tibet, 
  actually queensland sold off the port that services the coal mines . 
  one of the rare cases where privatisation returned more money than an asset was worth 5 years later . 
  how did you buy $ 25 of suncorp shares ? 
  i 'm pretty sure he slagged you off on linkedin a few weeks ago . 
  light sheen of blood on a white hull kthxbye, 
  case in point : one of the flight centre high-ups had just sold his house and was negotiating for the next one . 
  gfc hits , and flight centre shares go down to $ 2.80 or something ridiculous ( from normal price of $ 10 + ) . 
  since he had the liquid cash , he bought half a million bucks of flt and rented for a year . 
  he probably had enough to buy an * extra * house after that . 
  pretty sure witch doctor heal triggers it when you spam it on and off . 
  rockhampton is a great place to, 
  1 . grow up in, 
  * leave, 
  crucible was , though , and it was awesome . 
  and yet it works in ability draft . 
  space = created, 
  twil that you can use juggernaut spin both before using a teleport scroll , * and while you 're teleporting * . 
  how expensive though ? 
  have an all chat option for `` good luck , have fun '', 
  just buy mouthwash with fluoride if you 're worried . 
  not just dumb people ; poor people too . 
  not everyone can afford fluoride treatments for their kids at the dentist . 
  people stacking for you helps . 
  otherwise , pick up a farm accelerator like mask of madness or maelstrom . 
  i can barely * listen * fast enough to that clip . 
  * advancing your earning potential through career development, 
  not any more , 
  that , and carry morph . 
  it 's traditional to seemsgood when expressing thanks to him . 
  you might not need a double-major - depends on your desired role . 
  i mean , if you want exposure to it , just pick up some subjects to complement a business analyst-style role , so you 'll be the person specifying business wants and communicating clear specifications to it resources . 
  one option is the machete order , which is 4 , 5 , 2 , 3 , 6 , 7 . 
  it avoids spoilers from the prequels , but shows a coherent story about the skywalker family . 
  edit : http://www.nomachetejuggling.com/2011/11/11/the-star-wars-saga-suggested-viewing-order/, 
  `` with vanguard '' via managed funds , or just `` have etfs '' ? 
  that 's [ the law ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-11-27/abortion-clinic-buffer-zone-law-passes-victorian-upper-house/6971220 ) in some australian states . 
  well , there * is * negative gearing ... 
  sorry - my mf experience is quite a few years back now : /, 
  i like chinatown dental surgery , myself . 
   are attendants required to do black tie and wear a monocle ? 
  settle down ; it 's dota , not eve online . 
  magic missile, 
  at the darkness . 
  no different to other shares i guess . 
  some capital growth , and some dividends . 
  components : hell yes ( do your sums ofc , sometimes the reaction component is manipulated and for a time , it 's better to buy the components ), 
  do your sums . 
  you always have down time where not all your production lines are being used , so it 's good to have something to fill the dead time , but you will have poor isk/hour .
