  / u/combatdave, 
  / u/risingstar ccp foxfour, 
  yes , it started at downtime . 
  last match , i got 12000sp , 
  i have username analysis v , what can i say . 
  unlikely . 
  nz owns part of va , along with sq and eh . 
  yeah ripoll 's pretty good . 
  i think he sponsored some bills on fixing dodgy financial advice or something ? 
  wp -  sp is temporarily changed from 1:1 to 1:5 . 
  do not test him on this ^ tm, 
  any news gets posted to / r/evelegion , not that there has been any lately . 
   virgin also wants corporate and government accounts to contribute to 30 per cent of its domestic revenue over the next three years , up from more than 25 per cent in the last financial year . 
  it 's interesting to note that in the previous year 's report , only ~ 10 % of their revenue was from corporate and government sources , so raising that to 25 % was a pretty good effort . 
  as long as you 're listening to voice chat in a fleet , i do n't think anyone will mind whether you talk or not . 
  if you are interested in a mixed combat + industry corporation that 's welcoming of people who are new to pvp and lose lots of ships , maybe bovril over at / r/bravenewbies will suit you . 
  paging / u/cup _ fozzie, 
  perhaps you should put that in the sidebar , or on the wiki ? 
  the text when you submit a link does n't really pop out at you . 
  the libs have an ideological distaste for government-owned corporations in direct competition with private enterprise . 
  however , unless i 'm very much mistaken about medibank private 's market share , there seems to be more than enough to go around . 
  i 'm not staunchly opposed to the ipo itself , as much as concerned that the money raised from its sale wo n't be spent on something else that would actually bring in money ( or tax revenue ) to the government . 
  selling an asset and leaving a structural debt is just shitful . 
  i do n't have to marry them to use their service . 
  in general , they 're better than cabs , so i 'll keep using them . 
  the asset sales were the brainchild of andrew fraser , the treasurer . 
  perhaps he 's disliked enough for losing the election that the party is okay with throwing him under the bus . 
  also , the asset sales worked out well since the government got top dollar while coal prices were still high , so they can spin it that way . 
  pretty naive to assume positive intent when it comes to money . 
  i strongly suspect that rattati and logibro are stepping out of their previous roles to do these balance fixes , and so far it 's working out awesome . 
  also : [ ship spinning ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjelygo5ddo ) a catalyst, 
  yeah , that also grinds my gears . 
  there 's a feedback thread specifically about sidearms . 
  i 'd link to it directly but the forums are n't accessible . 
  instead , try this link : http://dustsearch.com/thread/173952, 
  i 'm seeing packets go into verisign but not come back out again . 
  there are no stupid questions . 
  there are , however , stupid people . 
  yeah , for some reason , sometimes eve does n't hook up sound if there 's sound playing when it launches . 
  i would have bought them for a few hundred million isk each . 
  losing lander , gallo and reid implies otherwise , though . 
  yeah slack is awesome - i should probably write a bot that hooks up api auth for it . 
  awesome . 
  any chance the source could be made available somewhere ? 
  tried that . 
  web client is flaky as hell . 
  whoah there . 
  taxi driver training is one thing . 
  having a taxi license is another . 
  most license holders do n't even drive . 
  the last uber i had was a guy in an audi , who just wanted to rack up more kms for his salary sacrifice lease arrangement . 
   you do n't need to reply further . 
  i know everything i 'll ever need to know about you . 
  cuts both ways , mate . 
  let us know how it turns out . 
  i 'm not so sure , he oversaw the train wreck of dust development , which was panned on a number of levels . 
  well , i do n't expect them to have a drone army for intel gathering , so the usa can help them there . 
  stuff like magsecs & new sidearms , new scouts and heavies , commandos are n't in the lp store . 
  no assault dropships either . 
  dc would be a lot less popular if it did n't give armour or shield resists ... 
  let 's compromise on this . 
  how about, 
  * damage control stays as active , but, 
  * active modules ** stay active through jumps ** ? 
  so as long as you turn on the damage control , you can roam as far as you want . 
  like , for instance , dubbo . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/charon_ ( mythology ), 
   / \u02c8k\u025b\u0259r\u0252n / or / \u02c8k\u025b\u0259r\u0259n /, 
  why would you think spoilt is not a word ? 
  you 've never read a book written by a brit ? 
  spoilt children is a staple of british literature . 
  some people just spend eve isk and buy dust isk off other people . 
  that 's what i do if i get under 50m isk for some reason . 
  nobody knows , but the implications so far point to definitely porting names , maybe porting rare stuff , not porting money , and probably porting sp at least in some form . 
  what made you think scramblers are getting a buff ? 
  uber is probably * great * for limo drivers . 
  another opinion is that we should n't hamper improvements for all players just because it also improves the experience for some players we do n't like . 
  do you enjoy turning on your hardeners every time you jump ? 
  so , this is a bot that posts about robots ? 
  ever tried the zoom on a thales ? 
  that 's on the cards , at least for some variants . 
  did you get an axis fist bump on the sly ? 
  why ? 
  its not as if you 're paying a subscription . 
  why should you get skill training ? 
  still , it 's good for noobs doing pve . 
  it 's probably the best thing they could put in a low slot with their skills . 
  even if rep tools repped shields at +1 hp/second , at least it would kickstart recharge when applied . 
  if i feel the need to give money to a developer with a history of broken promises , i 'm already well-serviced in that department . 
  apparently it 's being called / r/thefappening ( nsfw , obviously ), 
  it 's an experiment to determine whether people will pay to avoid effort . 
  turns out that people will only pay if there 's an actual barrier to effort . 
  having said that , all t2 ships , and a bunch of other stuff requires mechanical engineering , so it 's probably reasonable to bump it to v. 
  skiffs are pretty tough . 
  that 's short sighted , there 's a fuck ton of resources in africa , that 's why the chinese have been so helpful to governments there . 
  nope , it 's actually the other way around, 
  perfect : 50.40 %, 
  lacking encryption 5 : 49.92 %, 
  lacking an invention skill 5 : 49.56 %, 
  both invention skills are equally important to the formula .
