  monkey magic !, 
  um , silver edge does not use sange, 
  you forgot package level access , which is great for unit testing . 
  always favour encapsulation, 
  why desolator ? 
  you already destroy towers and your single target damage is insane . 
  surely you 'd go crits or mkb for damage ? 
  wales was permanently conquered by england . 
  it 's a different situation . 
  men ya go on albert street, 
  i thought troll was a sange and yasha , skadi satanic hero , you say vlads desolator is good ? 
  seems like you neglect stats a lot with that build up . 
  wondering how you 'll be paid is a common worry in the journalism industry . 
  settle down , donald, 
  javascript is java , in the same way that carpet is a car . 
  my favourite beer is made in an abstractfactory . 
  i do n't even know where to begin describing what 's wrong with that sentence . 
  on the plus side , you get tuesday back . 
  positive mental attitude ? 
  try eve online then . 
  there are , however , slot specific item keys . 
  if you always put blink dagger in the same slot , it works out fine . 
  at that point you might as well look at vanguards managed funds offerings too . 
  that 's what you 're left with after removing the warmth and depth ... 
  but , we are [ stronger together ] ( http://i.imgur.com/otcd7ka.jpg ) !, 
  if you snowball ( or at least keep up ) then you act as the blink initiator on someone important . 
  your problem after that is to stay alive afterwards , but at least you deleted someone from the fight , and/or soaked up a lot of disables . 
  you build survivability to win duels , and after that , you build sustain so you can take on the next hero in a teamfight . 
  usually this means ac + satanic , so you can exit the dual on full health . 
  heart is a mistake - any time heart  satanic , you needed bkb instead . 
  if you fail to snowball , you then become the blink-initiator that takes the carry out of the game for a few seconds , then probably dies , but creates space for the rest of your team to clean up , and your carry mops the floor without an enemy carry to threaten them . 
  this is not ideal for you , but maybe you 'll survive a risky duel by using halberd ( since duels do n't dispel disarms now ) or a lucky bash or abyssal . 
  if you do jungle with lc , do not mess around - go straight for the hard camp near mid . 
  you should be able to clear it each minute in roughly the same time it takes to clear the medium ( i.e. 
  you 're still allowed to be morally bankrupt tho . 
  baumi has said that he prioritises viewer enjoyment over lecturing and teaching , and that 's a reasonable way to approach how he creates content . 
  i do n't see why ccp ca n't just own it and make all the decisions itself . 
  other game companies manage to sponsor people and events without issue . 
  not of order hemiptera \u27a1 not a bug . 
   the [ hemiptera ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hemiptera ) / h\u025b\u02c8m\u026apt\u0259r\u0259 / or true bugs are an order ** of insects **, 
   all insects are bugs, 
  that assertion is literally what we 're arguing about, 
  have you considered, 
  * asking them ? 
  `` spider '' , `` scorpion '' or whatever . 
  bugs have sucking mouthparts . 
  that 's * horrible * . 
  if the sums say that renting + investing is cheaper than buying when you 're working , then surely that would still hold true when you 're not working ? 
  i mean , yes it 's nice to have your principal place of residence exempt from pension means test , but if that becomes an issue later , there 's always the option of buying a cheap flat soon before you retire . 
  are we talking clique-as-a-service or just cloud-based cliquery ? 
  he 's just saying `` commend me '' in the form of a pun . 
  that was not what i was expecting from that description . 
  bit pixellated . 
  2/10 sharp edges . 
  would not bang . 
   vitamin c fetish, 
  there 's nothing like a big o before breakfast . 
  i wonder who put that stolen car there . 
  surely it would n't be other cops setting up someone they do n't like from internal affairs . 
  there are ways to subscribe to all of an authors builds . 
  still not enough time to learn meepo, 
  okay : `` the indigenous community has an alcoholism problem '', 
  not okay : `` you 're indigenous . 
  i 'll order you a lemonade instead of beer '', 
  bear with it , it 's actually pretty decent . 
  do n't be bitter, 
  you do know that the philippines close the door on the south china sea right ? 
  have all the bases in vietnam you want , china will just build subs and sail them east . 
  house of ix, 
  family trust . 
  mains are large though - it 's not a mandatory entree place . 
  maybe just a casual morbid mask might work . 
  most of the time, 
  i hope angels fall first lives up to its hype . 
  why would you even need a reason ? 
  post it in , get on with life . 
  `` up to 99 % '' is not an exaggeration . 
  the article even states :, 
   we have results already with whole sheep ; we know that if asparagopsis is fed to sheep at 2 per cent of their diet , they produce between 50 and 70 percent less methane over a 72-day period continuously , so there is already a well-established precedent, 
  depends on the exact gut bacteria , but probably not . 
  it contains compounds that limit the ability of certain gut microbes to produce methane , so it * might * alleviate symptoms of cabbage etc. 
  however , the specific gut microbes that cows and sheep use digest celluose , so you 're probably out of luck . 
  once you build shadow blade , you can choose whether to rush se or get a blademail . 
  rushing se is pretty-much * only * about the break . 
  blademail provides a much bigger boost to damage for the price , and allows you to still win duels when se is on cooldown . 
  silver edge is a defensive play , and blademail is an offensive play . 
  so , if you do build silver edge and still win duels , the next thing is probably picking up a damage amp , like mjolnir or desolator , then into ac . 
  note , however , that you will still need to pick up blademail if you fall behind . 
  feed him seaweed, 
  if you have 1 index fund , then you basically look at its performance relative to other indexes that are important to you ( i.e. 
  consumer price index ( cpi ) is important because you spend money , right ? ) . 
  remember , however , that sometimes you wo n't beat cpi for a year , but it ' a good yard stick . 
  if you have multiple index funds , then you check the ratios at the start of the year ( like `` 37 % in a , 63 % in b '' ) and at the end of the year ( `` 40 % in a , 60 % in b '' ) . 
  your strategy here is to try to make the ratios closer to your desired values , which means probably putting more money into b compared to a , next time you add to your investments . 
  this strategy means that you automatically buy more of underperforming indexes , and buy less of overperforming indexes , but more importantly means your exposure to each index is exactly what you expect . 
  if you decide `` index c is terrible '' , then you make a conscious decision to change the ratio , rather than rely on `` a good time to exit '', 
  only against * double * women . 
   white male, 
  i ca n't believe you just assumed the colour of my skin and gender like that . 
  just wow .
