  a ) buy it immediately for 1010m , or, 
  b ) put up a buy order for 950.001 m plus taxes and wait . 
  unless you really , really need the implant , why not wait and see if you can get it cheaper ? 
  i mean , if you want slave implants , you probably knew months ahead of time , so why not use that time to your advantage . 
  not really ; refuelling roles are fairly tightly controlled ( if you can put fuel in , you can take fuel out , with predictable consequences ) , so you 're just hurting a few people , or the alliance just puts more people on the job , all the while complaining about the bad old days of tower spam and the shit job of refuelling them . 
  if you want to limit null-sec sprawl , it has to affect the majority of players , not the minority . 
  malcanis implied that seagull was a safe choice to take the helm of eve , considering the ongoing experiment with offworlders in other parts of the business . 
  also , i have confirmation that she does n't ask developers for extra pssshhh . 
  how long has it been ? 
  1 month or so, 
  how 's the transition : good , i 've been taking on more stuff as time goes on . 
  what 's the biggest change now ? 
  : i get legitimate opinions on all of eve online , more than just development , but marketing , ops , customer services , and now i get to work on setting the direction of that . 
  what about you , manifest ? 
  : it 's good to have a non-interim people in charge now . 
  seagull 's a great communicator and coordinator , so we are kept informed . 
  seagull : that 's something we want to extend to the players as well . 
  i 've been busy setting plans into place and parental leave but communicating the future of eve to the player base is next on my list . 
  so i hear you 're giving more power to people close to the coalface ? 
  : those guys are the upper level to me , they 're the ones who make such a difference . 
  so , jon lander left and hilmar hinted strongly that your position was to be filled by an external person . 
  why did it take so long to be filled and change from external to internal hire ? 
  : a few things . 
  i had a kid in late november , but also ccp was looking for someone with more experience , especially with running large teams , but since then i 've picked up more experience in the interim so i ended up meeting those requirements . 
  so , the change from 6-month to 6-week release cycles . 
  tell me more : it 's a necessary change . 
  the 6-month cycle was causing so much pain . 
  you get one big feature and tell everyone else to wait another six months , or you get a bunch of small stuff , nothing in between . 
  plus , a fixed release date is so hard to keep to and really inflexible . 
  we believe this is how we can best take eve into the future . 
  one of the advantages of a biannual expansion cycle is the ` big bang ' that 's a great marketing hook ... : manifest : we usually create an awesome trailer for each big release , so we 'll be making more , smaller videos and saving the big ones for big features . 
  on the pr front , it 's a continuous process and in some respects it also does n't matter what 's in the next expansion because it 's * all * new to a new player . 
  so we 'll still be doing interviews etc etc as usual . 
  major hooks are good but getting players to recruit other players is always preferred . 
  we get less lead time to plan for the next release , but we also do n't have boom/bust cycles so we always have something to talk about in the media . 
  so yeah , less about the expansion , more about eve itself , with more of a focus on existing players . 
  yeah , why was n't crius marketed towards new players ? 
  : manifest : that 's exactly the point . 
  not all releases can be marketed at all players , and crius was more about existing players . 
  each release is different and we 'll just have to roll with what 's coming down the pipe . 
  so , third-party sites ( cz , tmdc , en24 etc ) : where do we go with that with regards to news ? 
  : manifest : we 're in different phases with that . 
  we had layoffs , that did affect community team . 
  some have moved to pr team , we 're talking about responsibilities , liaisons etc. 
  the alliance tournament will be a big hump for us , as well as a ton of player gatherings like eve vegas but yeah we 've been a bit quiet on that front , sorry . 
  but hey , the door 's not closed , we just have n't been too active , just hit us up . 
  one third-party site you used was reddit , and you did that ama . 
  how did it go ? 
  : seagull : i got a lot of good questions especially about null sec and sov . 
  i appreciate the hard questions they need to be asked . 
  i was moving house that weekend but i came back to the ama later and tried to explain about why i do n't talk about design details . 
  one reason is that we have a history in ccp of saying very specific things then for whatever reason , that does n't happen . 
  pick whatever feature you want , from modular poses or various visions or plans or blogs , and that 's not something i want to continue . 
  the other thing is that my position is to enable other senior staff to do their job , so that aspect is led by the senior game designer not me . 
  so i can say that the player-built star gate concept is used by us on the way to addressing the sov changes , but i wo n't undercut the team by discussing individual design decisions . 
  sorry if you 're frustrated , but we will come back with specifics and ask for feedback on what we have and have a real discussion for this . 
  ( continued ), 
  so , why have the ama on reddit instead of eve-o forums ? 
  : reddit works better for that kind of live question and answer format . 
  everyone knows that branching conversation threads on the eve-o forums starts getting unmanageable . 
  manifest : the upvote/downvote thing is also good . 
  we considered doing it on / r/gaming for the pr , but we figured it was better on / r/eve because it was more of an internal announcement . 
  and the subreddit is pretty cool . 
  so , doctor eggnog left recently and we know he looked at plex closely . 
  how 's the situation now ? 
  : we look at plex closely , and we have many options about what we can and should do about that . 
  manifest : he was quite clear that there 's a zone that 's good , that enable a certain level of ` kinda free to play ' and we 're aware that we 'll lose some valuable players if it gets too high . 
  so , this is the first year ccp has n't released subscription figures . 
  until then it was ten years of slow growth . 
  how satisfied are you with the health of eve online ? 
  : i think i 'm not satisfied . 
  we have a lot of work to do to convince people that eve is a great game to play , and we 've seen that in various players with the effects on the game and i think people can feel that . 
  i 'm working on making stuff that will convince past players that eve is worth investing your time in and enjoying yourself when you come back . 
  what will fix this in the next 12 months ? 
  : yes and no . 
  my view is that there 's no single idea that will ` fix eve ' it 's about us making lots of good decisions in many places . 
  there 's changes we can make that are fast but will make big improvements to the game , and we need to do them . 
  even with important things like sovereignty , there 's no single big thing that will fix it , so we 're making upgrades to things such as corp and alliance code so we 're in the position to make big changes . 
  like , farms and fields that will keep thousands of people active doing things instead . 
  sometimes we have to leap ahead to stop the pain - we know that the star base code needs to be replaced but we still made quality of life improvements to spare players the pain now . 
  same with sovereignty - we will change it , but that does n't mean we 'll leave it alone until it 's replaced . 
  big fixes take a lot of man-hours and are n't sexy for new players . 
  how does that affect new player retention ? 
  : it 's my belief that eve should grow from the inside out , rather than from the outside in . 
  if people are having fun in eve , they will bring more people in . 
  enablers etc. 
  ` making war in space ' i 'm not going to sell that to a new player - the guy who 's putting together the war effort is who i want . 
  not to dumb down the concepts so a newbie can understand it but to let everyone else explain why they should care about war in space . 
  it 's still our job to make systems that make sense , but we 're not interested in , e.g. 
  explaining the intricacies of the severity system to new players so they suddenly want to join the metagame . 
  i 'd prefer to get them into corporation that could explain it better . 
  ( continued ), 
  on w-space : first , read fozzie 's dev blog which came out while we were talking . 
  are these the first baby steps or will we make changes then tale a pause : we 'll see how these changes work out . 
  our new release model means we do n't have to wait 6 months before we can touch something again , so this is something you 'll really start to see in the next few releases - kronos and crius were work done in the old model but hyperion is much more work done after we changed to the new model . 
  thus : more changes to w-space than anything else since apocrypha . 
  how 's hyperion , manifest ? 
  : as a player it 's great . 
  as a pr guy , it 's a medium challenge , but i 'm up for it . 
  i think it 'll fire up a bunch of players who did n't feel that the last release had much for them .
