  you probably want aideron robotics then . 
  why not rent one from universities like [ this one ] ( http://hypersonics.mechmining.uq.edu.au ) ? 
  wait wait wait . 
  voting in australia is always done on a weekend , instead of some arcane rule that hearkens back to the agrarian age . 
  in addition , there 's a nation-wide acceptance of postal ballots . 
  but mostly , we vote on the day because that 's where they [ sell the sausages ] ( http://www.electionsausagesizzle.com.au ) . 
  i 'd leverage more cards that require ( g ) ( b ) since you have signets , and cut some of the gg ones . 
  are there any xgb cards you could use ? 
  lc loves nuker supports . 
  why wait until then ? 
  well there is that marketing job going at ccp, 
  i learned that the first wave of mega creeps is tougher than usual in reborn . 
  i guess op needs to work out if he wants a gb deck , or a gb tron deck . 
  a standard gr tron deck has 4 maindeck anti-aggro red cards , and anti-blue hate in the side to improve the combo matchup . 
  imo he needs to find sideboard cards that improve those matchups , or tweak the main so it has good matchups so the sideboard can be used for other things . 
  and more importantly , go away at the end of the session , unlike my relatives . 
   it 's actually any movement in a 1400 radius, 
  actually , it 's 1300 . 
  qop has 1300 range blink , so if you blink + shift queue move , you should be able to avoid rupture damage ( at least for the blink ), 
  he life steals from radiance as well . 
  as long as you wait out the ten hour ` are you really sure you want to delete this character ' timer , then yes . 
  oh honey , you made that reputation , now live with it . 
  in fact , extra money in the offset account is really low risk , since , hey , the bank is ** 100 % ** going to charge you interest if you do n't , so the money is definitely saving you the x % interest . 
  unless you 're within a few months of paying off the loan , more money in the offset account is a great idea . 
  i 'm just going to assume that 's a nsfw link . 
  i think endless one is a weak point of your deck . 
  you ca n't conduit it , you ca n't use it for titan 's prescence . 
  might be better cutting two of them for another presence and wurmcoil . 
  do n't ask questions that only have one answer . 
  maybe they mean best-selling * games workshop * author . 
  ps fuck you matt ward [ . 
  ] ( https://1d4chan.org/wiki/matthew_ward ), 
  works for me . 
  note that he never specifically said that quigley 's analysis was the paper he was referring to . 
  he just did n't want to comment on papers like that * in general * . 
  i 'm pretty sure i could n't scroll down the page much before wang . 
   microeconomics is the study of economics at an individual , group or company level . 
  macroeconomics , on the other hand , is the study of a national economy as a whole . 
  so , micro is about supply and demand and shit . 
  macro is about gross domestic product and unemployment and shit . 
  you should know the basics of both , because you aspire to be an actual citizen who is not an ignorant fuck . 
  however , start with micro . 
  ps i failed etiquette class, 
  it starts off fast , but fatigue rapidly sets in . 
  yes . 
  okay thanks, 
  fair enough . 
  i do n't think i 've ever been in a corp that did n't have its killmail api exposed somewhere . 
  it 's called purple prose . 
  hp lovecraft loved it , but it 's a style that can be offputting . 
  kotl is also my go-to anti-push support . 
  ` one party ' is full of cunts . 
  ` tell me about ', 
  i believe it 's a gonewild reference . 
  read what he wrote . 
  gst is paid by the customer , since it 's a percentage of the price . 
  the government has that covered . 
  what it 's missing is tax paid on the * profit * that apple makes , which magically disappears into the ether . 
  i dub this poita 's law, 
   people have attempted to create sindexes, 
  ftfy, 
  also , maelstrom proc wo n't benefit from your crit skill , so you 're wasting 4 skill points . 
  i down vote any comment that complains about down votes . 
  well , his build is better than it used to be . 
  maybe he 'll try corgis build and find it even better . 
  / r/friends does not count , btw . 
  it 's free as in speech , not free as in beer . 
  it 's not my quote . 
  hud ? 
  yeah , but * everyone * does that, 
  technically it was the second labor plan , since the first one had fttn until the nationals complained . 
  um , that 's happening already . 
  so i hear . 
  i spend double that just on coffee . 
  or if you like concentrated rage , dota2 . 
  joke 's on them ; i have low standards . 
  just the fax , ma'am, 
  no , your friend wo n't get the bonus . 
  on the other hand , you just saved yourself close to a billion isk because $ 5 for 30 days playing time + various trinkets is a really good deal , so your friend should be happy for you , anyway . 
  the cerebral accelerator may also be worth some isk . 
  it 's not available for sale on the market , but the contracts system can skirt that restriction . 
  it never got released , did it ? 
  i have no idea what i 'm training for . 
  buff knows more about the meta . 
  yasp knows more about each game , and you . 
  the one thousand a year limit to the government co contribution is a safe place to stop , i mean by definition it 's a low income program . 
  you can reassess when you start earning more , since super gets more attractive as your tax bracket increases . 
   i chose to remain a domiciled taxpayer for a couple of reasons . 
  the main one was that i wanted my children to grow up where i grew up , to have proper roots in a culture as old and magnificent as britain 's ; to be citizens , with everything that implies , of a real country , not free-floating ex-pats , living in the limbo of some tax haven and associating only with the children of similarly greedy tax exiles . 
   a second reason , however , was that i am indebted to the british welfare state ; the very one that mr cameron would like to replace with charity handouts . 
  when my life hit rock bottom , that safety net , threadbare though it had become under john major 's government , was there to break the fall . 
  i can not help feeling , therefore , that it would have been contemptible to scarper for the west indies at the first sniff of a seven-figure royalty cheque . 
  this , if you like , is my notion of patriotism . 
  on the available evidence , i suspect that it is lord ashcroft 's idea of being a mug . 
  -- jk rowling in the london times , on why she does n't flee to a tax haven with her billions . 
  i do n't know, 
  can you repeat the question ? 
  ironically , older workers can help newer workers get over that hump , provided they have n't been fired . 
  $ 9 middies , in moranbah . 
  that 's * really * adding insult to injury .
