  you do n't even need a real album . 
  i wonder if it could be used for animal food , then . 
  when i was a kid , we had an arrangement with a local supermarket to take away their stale bread . 
  we 'd dry out the slices on racks made from chicken wire then feed it to our goats ( they * can * eat fresh bread but it gives them constipation ), 
   where the local chinese restaurant is run by a vietnamese family, 
  there are many ethnic chinese who come from vietnam , and we kinda did have a wave of immigration from there after the war . 
  so you are very seldom fond of us , then . 
  \\ #oneinarow, 
  [ you know why ] ( https://wiki.eveonline.com/en/wiki/strong_blue_pill_booster ), 
  * are there plans for carriers to repair damaged fighter squadrons in the field ? 
  hell , can you even repair damaged fighters when docked ? 
  * any plans for pve for capital ships ? 
  you can rebalance additively . 
  instead of five thousand to each etf you add three thousand to one and seven thousand to the other . 
   this memo was written by someone new at ccp, 
  yeah no . 
  it was by hilmar , with a pro-vs-con argument made by soundwave and , um , other ccp guy who used to tweet stats . 
  neither of them were new . 
  i personally would n't buy an etf in smaller than $ 5000 chunks , otherwise broker fees bite too hard . 
  however , everyone 's threshold is dfferent - other people appear to have no problems buying in $ 2.5 k parcels . 
  depends on how you want to invest . 
  if you want to invest every week or two , then the direct funds allow bpay with a minimum $ 100 . 
  if you want to invest every 3-6 months , then maybe etfs will be cost-effective for you . 
  if you have $ 100k and you want to buy into a single etf ( after which you invest in $ 5k chunks ) , you might find that the wholesale managed fund is cheaper than the etf . 
  the fighter squadron types correspond to the 3 types of valkyrie ships , so they 're obviously cross-pollinating . 
  excellent q, 
  rip rathanatos, 
  why not 10 faxes and 90 logis ? 
  it does n't have to be either/or . 
  does your team have a tower near the corner of the map ? 
  then that 's your team 's safe lane . 
  it 's a bit like aldi for computers . 
  maybe he 's a methodist . 
  reported for sexualising drum minors . 
  wow , fuck them . 
  they 'll accept less than 500k if you ask nicely . 
  12 minute aghs . 
  di natale is supposed to be moving away from that . 
  sure , but you ca n't hand wave away the fact that it costs a fuck load to build , a fuck load to store that tiny waste , and a fuck load to dismantle at the end of its life . 
  that 's interesting , since rest has topped the super performance charts for many of the last few years . 
  perhaps you just need to change your fund options . 
  on the plus side , it 's good returns . 
  on the down side , you wo n't be able to access those returns for years . 
  still , it 's only one thousand per year so you 're not exactly risking the farm with sums like that . 
  some vanguard funds are pretty much only one etf . 
  and bang buses . 
  shield reps are more forgiving , since they happen as soon as the remote shield booster is cycled . 
  no cap transfer ? 
  yeah but this is an airport pickup , plane fares cost money , it 's not exactly ghetto central . 
  uber also excludes anyone who does n't have a credit card , which is a luxury that taxis do not have . 
  more people lose their lives to gambling and grog . 
  obviously those should be banned too ? 
  or maybe spend money on support instead of incarceration . 
  wow , this is a really effective novelty account . 
  yes , that 's right ; they do n't take cash . 
  regardless of whether you 're shut down or not , knowing the technique can still shave minutes off your item timings in the minutes where you * are n't * shut down . 
  well , yeah . 
  you do n't need a smartphone to walk up to a cab rank and hire a taxi . 
  or buy a coffee in a cafe . 
  or a lot of things . 
  so yeah , it 's exclusionary . 
  it may not be a huge barrier to most of the country but it 's there . 
  first off : i 'm not offering financial advice . 
  secondly : me , personally ? 
  i have less than 50 % australian stocks in etfs . 
  my super provides me with domestic exposure , so most of my outside-super investments have been biased heavily towards international stuff . 
  try to avoid summer , then . 
   there are added benefits such as being able to funnel money away from courts/prisons into treatment programs . 
  not * all * of that money is savings ; you now have to fund the regulators who check the weed is consumer-quality , and to prosecute the black market in untaxed weed . 
  that 's not what i said . 
  twelve . 
  twelve spies . 
  perhaps you just do n't realise how bad most players really are . 
  after all if you 're in a high skill game , you 're already better than 70 % of the player base . 
  at home they have running water , plus cluster bombs . 
  it 's a tough call , but they obviously decided to take a chance on the unknown rather than continue to stay there . 
  legitimate bond raising using secured collateral ? 
  approximately zero . 
  illegitimate bond raising using collateral ` secured ' by an alt ? 
  lots . 
  the 49ers are going through a lot of front office back stabbing and general arseholery . 
  i think he 'd do a lot better somewhere where he can get play time and coaching without the bullshit . 
  i 'll follow both . 
  you have n't heard of name of drones ? 
  you should watch it . 
  like , ` good for bitcoin ' good ? 
  yeah it 's an extra 60 mana per ultimate . 
  that 's not investment , that 's seed capital for an entrepreneur . 
  you hit up / r/ausfinance or consult its wiki, 
  so * that 's * why their game shows are so weird . 
  that 's why it 's a technique to pick versatile heroes earlier , so the other team does n't know whether it 's a support or core role , and your team 's counter picks are less restricted , since you can draft a better counter and the versatile hero plugs the gap . 
  even then , he has more t2 blueprints than one character can make at the same time . 
  so , why not sell some immediately ? 
  so , how do you know whether to trust it ? 
  because if i was running a pump and dump trading operation , i 'd totally put falsified research on there . 
  i mean , i play eve online , i 'm already halfway to being a total prick . 
  that seems like way more effort than its worth . 
  do n't mind me ; i 'm just here for the bam on bam action, 
  well , you can put them in wtb contracts , just not wts contracts . 
  you guys are in violent agreement .
