  well , when you get 20 bill to not kick someone out of their wormhole , you kinda want to encourage a reputation for honouring ransoms . 
  the short answer is that you 're looking for input items that are n't overpriced , but make an output item that you can sell for more than that . 
  for instance , according to my spreadsheet , i can make 44 million isk per day by turning p2 into wetware mainframes ( p4 ) , using three planets with 4 launchpads and 13 factories to make each p3 , then one planet with 6 high-tech factories and four launchpads to combine them into a p4 . 
  of course , your mileage may differ ; i use customs offices in lowsec with 1 % tax , whereas all highsec planets charge 10 % . 
  and yeah , it does take a lot of spreadsheeting ... 
  oh , and if you 're even lazier , you can just go the trading route and buy the pi when it 's cheap and sell them when they inevitably get manipulated higher . 
  it 's not guaranteed income though . 
  call it assault ships mk ii . 
  good enough for iterons ; good enough for kye . 
  skin is for everyone , but not everyone is f -, 
  hmm , did n't think that one through . 
  why would that be ? 
  * if you 're in nullsec , you already ran with a mwd, 
  * if you 're in lowsec , you 're still better off with an ab . 
  the uncharitable part of me whispers that he does n't need to go to the summits to suggest ship balancing changes ... 
  it 's a role bonus ; most ships do n't even get one . 
  from what i have observed , it 's not unlike running a business/leading a team irl . 
  you need :, 
  * leaders, 
  * group cohesion, 
  * a goal to work towards, 
  this [ link ] ( http://www.endie.net/wordpress/?p=58 ) might be helpful . 
  oh , and some organisational theory knowledge would be helpful . 
  learn to think strategically or at least tactically , instead of getting bogged down in operational issues . 
  sounds like the stats of a tengu tbh . 
  not that impressive ... 
  ironically , having that skill at v would have let you escape ... 
  confirming that cynas are vagabonds with an extra large shield extender . 
  10 million sp is way too much to still be in eve-uni imo . 
  i do n't see any other types of missile in your cargo hold . 
  did you already use up all the fury and navy missiles ? 
  t3 resists are the same as their corresponding t2 hulls vov, 
  oh , nightmare is n't too bad . 
  you have n't mentioned whether this is for pve or pvp . 
  it 's an important difference . 
  assuming it 's a pvp fit , and further assuming you want to armor tank it , something like this will work fine . 
  [ thorax , just let me get close ], 
  heavy electron blaster ii , federation navy antimatter charge m, 
  heavy electron blaster ii , federation navy antimatter charge m, 
  heavy electron blaster ii , federation navy antimatter charge m, 
  heavy electron blaster ii , federation navy antimatter charge m, 
  heavy electron blaster ii , federation navy antimatter charge m, 
  y-t8 overcharged hydrocarbon i microwarpdrive ( or whatever it 's called now ), 
  1600mm reinforced rolled tungsten plates i, 
  energized adaptive nano membrane ii, 
  magnetic field stabilizer ii, 
  magnetic field stabilizer ii, 
  damage control ii, 
  medium ancillary current router i, 
  medium trimark armor pump i, 
  medium trimark armor pump i, 
  you can downgrade those items to tech 1 if you do n't have the skills , but realistically , just do whatever your mate says for the next few weeks . 
  i think the vexor and myrmidon ( and the t2 ishtar ) are better pve ships but i can understand your goal of training gunnery-related stuff first . 
  in that case , you 'd need to make some changes to the fit :, 
  * warp scrambler out , small/medium capacitor booster in, 
  * 1600mm plate out , medium armour repairer in ( tech 2 is important ), 
  * possibly mwd out , afterburner in . 
  and you 'll probably end up in a brutix pretty quickly anyway . 
  some things to prioritize your skills to use :, 
  * magnetic field stabilizer ii, 
  * medium armour repairer ii, 
  * heavy electron blaster ii ( will take a while ), 
  at 4 days old , you 'll likely be training one long skill ( say , gallente cruiser iv or medium hybrid turret v ) and queuing up a bunch of two-hour skills every day , for the next month or three :p, 
  generally you turn the mwd off once you 're in blaster range , so that will help your cap stability . 
  generally , unless i 'm doing a mission in a low-dps ship ( or are shield tanking ) , i 'll use a cap booster and use cap booster charges instead of contorting my fit so it 's cap stable . 
  i guess it depends on your remap and implant situation . 
  while i would n't go as far as battleships just yet , perhaps a brutix will be a better long-term alternative to the thorax , especially in level 2 and 3 missions . 
  it has a 7.5 % bonus to armor repair per battlecruiser level , which should help somewhat . 
  so , which country are you from ? 
  also , did you get tp choose which countries you 'll visit , and if so , why did you pick the ones you did ? 
  engineers get sent to the front of the visa queue in australia . 
  we 're doing [ okay ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/australia/comments/n4lbk/if_the_us_government_responded_to_the_occupy_wall/ ) atm . 
  just saiyan . 
  generally , the idea is to fill your cargohold with them ( well , ammo too ) . 
  they 're cheap enough that you can jettison some if you need to pick up anything during the mission . 
   i will for sure keep it as a last option, 
  i can think of a few options that would be further down the list than that . 
  til about ass coats . 
  nice try , ted haggard . 
  brutix retains the ` get close , have nonconsensual relations with face ' attitude of the thorax , without the distraction of drone skills . 
  we still complain that we 're ` doing it tough ' , but we secretly know we 're just whining for the sake of it . 
  try this , you may need to substitue for lower meta versions according to price, 
  medium ` accommodation ' vestment reconstructer i, 
  damage control ii, 
  n-type kinetic hardener i, 
  n-type thermic hardener i, 
  magnetic vortex stabilizer i, 
  y-s8 hydrocarbon i afterburners, 
  optical tracking computer i , optimal range, 
  eutectic i capacitor charge array, 
  eutectic i capacitor charge array, 
  dual 150mm prototype i gauss gun , antimatter charge m, 
  dual 150mm prototype i gauss gun , antimatter charge m, 
  dual 150mm prototype i gauss gun , antimatter charge m, 
  dual 150mm prototype i gauss gun , antimatter charge m, 
  dual 150mm prototype i gauss gun , antimatter charge m, 
  dual 150mm prototype i gauss gun , antimatter charge m, 
  dual 150mm prototype i gauss gun , antimatter charge m, 
  medium capacitor control circuit i, 
  medium capacitor control circuit i,
