  for those who come in late :, 
  or pc . 
  i once counted the frames per second i got during a match . 
  ** 0.3 ** fps . 
  evidently so . 
  ccp does n't really do games with zero depth . 
  expect the ability to customise your ship 's load out and capabilities , just like dust and eve . 
  it [ does have ] ( https://www.fuzzwork.co.uk/market/marketdisplay.php ) live historical data . 
  apparently so . 
  in short , get out . 
  my guess is moving to unreal engine 4 ( just like they did with valkyrie ) . 
  ports to other platforms might not be called dust though . 
  they would call it eve : legion . 
  facebook : taxi edition, 
   in what universe do you have to lead your shots with lasers ? 
  star wars ? 
  so , a pizza . 
  four pillars of dust design once rouge joined :, 
  deep balance fps, 
  2 . emergent behaviour, 
  3 . player driven economy, 
  immersion in the eve universe, 
  this vision became something bigger , and it 's called project legion . 
  on pc . 
  star map looks like the eve demos . 
  loading screen like eve warping . 
  overview map is very dust-like , ui is very dust-like too . 
  dynamic lighting , shadows , there 's some trees as well . 
  some are burning . 
  orbital strikes in the distance look awesome . 
  maps are huge ; very sandbox-style open districts . 
  although , there is the plex4collectors edition thing . 
  i 'd give this more credence if ccp had a history of long-term planning . 
  ah , [ gervais-babytalk ] ( http://www.ribbonfarm.com/2009/11/11/the-gervais-principle-ii-posturetalk-powertalk-babytalk-and-gametalk/ ) . 
  it will be co-op the same way dayz is . 
  nobody knows , but i suspect you may be lucky to even get you character 's name carried over . 
  i 'm not banned . 
  then again , i just woke up . 
  maybe they meant ` assault scrambler focused ' , so pretty soon the kick means they 're not focused any more . 
  i 'm quite certain that the cpm have been hammering ccp over this for the last few months ; they ca n't say they were n't warned . 
  maybe he pulled a poetic . 
  the dust keynote executed dust . 
  no huge new development , all focus is on legion aka evez . 
  in one respect , it 's the same as battlefield 3 giving way to battlefield 4 or planetside 1 and 2 . 
  it 's just a shock because it goes against what ccp has stated many times in the last two years . 
  there are a number of really obvious and important questions that ccp evidently did not have ready answers for , even though they would have been raised by the cpm when they first heard . 
  the announcement of the game was one thing . 
  how the existing game was handled is another thing entirely . 
  apparently the cpm has spent the last six months trying to convince ~ someone ~ in ccp that this should be done . 
  cpm has been hammering ccp over character transfers ever since they heard about legion . 
  note that the official position is still ` we 'll see ' . 
  seems far fetched . 
  if he rmt , he 'd either crow about it on his blog like poetic , or be smart enough to bank it instead of spending it on ads . 
  gevlon lives in hungary or close by , so his purchasing power is n't exactly british aristocratic level . 
  considering it 's taken seven months to go from ` lolno ' to ` we 'll see ' , i 'm not holding my breath . 
  * twice . 
  it happened in the heats as well , which is why he got into the finals ; because he was deliberately idling at the back . 
  so in that regard , it was good luck * and * good planning . 
  i admire your restraint in making a self-post , but it 's actually okay if you put links to the site in the body of the post , 
  wait , it was real ? 
  have a word with yourself about how to write dates , too , while you 're at it . 
  well now that you have a character you can raise a support ticket through the dust web site . 
  bite me . 
  carry on , private chew . 
  ^ that ^ sounded ^ a ^ lot ^ better ^ in ^ my ^ head . 
  well they ca n't say they were n't warned , at length , by both the csm and cpm . 
  sick reference bro . 
  * fraggle, 
  chocky ? 
  the internet has everything . 
  if push comes to shove , hit up your local cos play scene . 
  i find it unlikely that gevlon would even go to fanfest . 
  to be brutally honest , if you want ships to spread out in a sane manner , the best way to achieve it is via gameplay reasons , even assuming there 's formation support available . 
  i mean , sure you can make it so that fleets split up into formation when fleet warping , but it will dissolve into a blob when manoeuvring if there 's no reason not to . 
  so some obvious reasons to spread out a bit would be :, 
  area effect explosions when friendly ships blow up, 
  2 . more bombs/area effect stuff, 
  3 . line of sight occlusion , so if you do n't spread out , only half your fleet can shoot, 
  it 's extreme , but you really do need that level of gameplay change to counteract the huge advantage of keeping your fleet clustered together . 
  if you 're us time zone , maybe aideron robotics might be a good fit . 
  they do gallente faction warfare and always seem to have a fleet up doing various kinds of shenanigans . 
  / r/bravenewbies has a dedicated hauling/logistics arm that you could join ( or at least use some isk to bankroll some stuff to sell using their freight service ), 
  i defer to your [ moderation experience . 
  considering people checked whether anything cool happened at 1000 , 10 000 and ( i think ) 100 000 spins when the counter was first released , i reckon you 'll have to try a bit harder . 
  as i have mentioned before , cpm and csm have been [ hammering ] ( http://jestertrek.blogspot.com.au/2014/05/fanfest-day-two-red-wedding.html ) this into ccp for five months . 
  also has target locking times increase the more ships are nearby , to encourage smaller fleets to attack blobs then gtfo before they get shot back . 
  i do n't know how well it works though , since most people i know only played perpetuum during the jita riots . 
  this goes for all call centres , not just virgin , and not just the travel industry . 
  or they allow a transfer based on a threshold of war points , which means you have to play a fair bit of dust to get stuff transferred . 
  that 's the way i 'd do it . 
  at the very least , you 've reserved yourself a character name . 
  just do n't forget your psn account details , 
  check out / r/evetech it 's where the eve developers hang out . 
  2 . putting a pom and a java file out there is n't the best way of distributing it . 
  put it on github so you can put everything in the right directories . 
  if you 're going to use joda , use it . 
  do n't sling java.util.date ( ) around . 
  convert to datetime or localdatetime asap . 
  similarly , if you 're going to use log back , [ use it ] ( http://logback.qos.ch/manual/introduction.html ) , do n't use sys outs . 
  3 . close ` scan ' variable as soon as it 's not needed any more , preferably in a finally { } block .
