  hey , if it were easy to do , it would n't be worth doing :-) my corp is trying to retain control of a planet at the moment . 
  it 's not easy , ha . 
  i would like to make a dust reddit bot , is all . 
  you get 1000 skill points per hour . 
  the passive booster adds 500 . 
  the active booster gives +50 % to any bonus skill points you earn through playing . 
  yes , just assign them all . 
  you do n't use boosters until you activate them on your character sheet . 
  maybe you got them as a buddy reward , or because of the human endurance event . 
  these planetary districts wo n't flip ownership by * themselves * . 
  actually i just repost stuff from the forum so people can see the images . 
  i do n't know , but it 's an interesting question . 
  contact support and ask them ? 
  true noobs earn war points way slower . 
  let 's not do this . 
  oh i thought you meant standings as in red blue or neutral . 
  the info broker . 
  he has a new site , dust reports . 
  com but it does n't have anything yet . 
  i know this is all speculative work , but you underestimate how many would blow a goat to be able to fly this around . 
  disregard blueberries, 
  acquire currency, 
  / r/gonewilder exists though . 
  it does n't need to be staffers ; a , mention in the party newsletter is all it takes . 
  yes . 
  no , but they can walk backwards slowly and awkwardly . 
  try getting them from asia . 
  they 're usually softcover , but hey , i 'll deal with it if it costs 25 % of the price . 
  / r/avocadosgonewild / as well . 
  i could do this all day :p, 
  would like to differentiate between corp jobs i started and everyone else 's jobs . 
  hmm , does n't look like you can ad multiple keys ? 
  things i care about enough to receive an alert :, 
  * personal industry jobs i made ( ideally those beyond a certain threshold e.g. 
  * corporate industry jobs i made , with the same settings, 
  things i do n't want to see ( i.e. 
  a separate setting i can disable ), 
  * corporate industry jobs i did n't submit . 
  deep . 
  dust university is definitely going to lose that match . 
  are you enjoying yourself ? 
  if so , you 're doing it right , whatever it is . 
  sounds like you 're dissatisfied though . 
  why not just take a t1 cruiser into lowsec and do some ratting ? 
  if you get a fight , you gain valuable experience . 
  if you do n't get a fight , you gain valuable isk ( or , soon , valuable tags ), 
  i 've been playing dust since the closed beta , so i 've had some time to think about it . 
  let 's be realistic . 
  eve is a slow game . 
  it 's the game of ( space ) ship captains , not fighter pilots . 
  its time from login-to-start-having-fun can be atrocious . 
  it 's also high-impact : unless you 're duelling in rifters , the ships you fight against and fight with represent significant chunks of effort , both to replace , and to merely afford . 
  so , sometimes it 's good to have a different type of game in your stable . 
  for a lot of people , that 's tanks or mwo . 
  for me , team fortress was that game . 
  it 's exactly the sort of game that you can play when you 're tired of the binge-purge cycle of endless waiting and high stakes eve combat . 
  you login , shoot some face , and if the dishes need doing , you leave the game with no regrets . 
  dust is the same type of game , except for a compelling difference : it 's in the eve universe . 
  all the familiar tropes are there ; all the familiar corpmates ( plus a bunch of new ones ) , fighting over territory that matters to your eve alliance . 
  i would n't say ` get a ps3 just for dust ' ( i did ) but , hey , if you 're going to have a backup game , why not one that helps our your primary game ? 
  it 's part of the jackpot mechanics . 
  if the lottery jackpots , late entrants are paying normal ticket price for a share of the larger pot , most of which has been paid in by previous rounds . 
  one of my friends is a mathematician , and even she buys lottery tickets once the jackpot hits $ 35 million . 
  i always found that inequitable . 
  after all , someone paid sales and income tax to afford the tickets . 
  most countries do n't tax lottery winnings . 
  for australian textbooks , there 's zookal . 
  for the us , not sure , but i suspect you 'd get mileage by finding the isbns then checking chegg , bigwords , or failing that , amazon or half . 
  btw the [ us supreme court ruled ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kirtsaeng_v._john_wiley_%26_sons,_inc . ), 
  a couple months ago that importing is legal . 
  if you 're really stuck , you can find out what the import guy 's ebay account is from the proceedings , 
  in addition to the kids who ca n't get vaccinated , letting a preventable pathogen spread through the community means more chance of it mutating . 
  if it mutates in a bad way , it 's possible that the vaccines stop working and then everyone is * fucked * . 
  til you 're a lot better than me at this game , 
  that 's still a good thing ; being able to put rounds down range accurately is kinda the whole point of the tar . 
  however , the max rate of fire is too high , and the damage spread when hip firing is way too small . 
  heck , it feels easier to kill someone un-scoped than with a normal ar . 
   drop lana freighter a mail if you 're interested . 
  i think there are entire alliances dedicated to dropping freighters . 
  the first ? 
  did you guys miss out on the land grab entirely , or was it a deliberate choice ? 
  with a single account , you obviously ca n't have alts that do time-consuming tasks , because you 're better off using your main instead . 
  so , your alts need to be fire-and-forget . 
  the obvious solution are [ planetary management alts ] ( http://wiki.eveuniversity.org/creating_a_planetary_interaction_alt ) . 
  the skill plan described there could be cut even further , imo , and it will get even easier when the dual training option becomes available in odyssey . 
  if you set them up in the same system , you can pull in 5-15m isk per day , each , and only have to log them in for a few minutes a day ( or accept lower income by changing the extraction duration ) . 
  that should be enough to plex each month , or get close enough that you can spend a weekend on your main running missions or incursions and top yourself up . 
  all logistics suits are good . 
  you just may be using them in the wrong situations . 
  personally , if i were running a minmatar logi , i 'd be attached to a minmatar assault/scout half-squad , causing mayhem in deep-strike ops . 
  you 're going to hacking stuff all the time and you have the fitting room to handle multiple equipment slots , so you 're also the guy who should be carrying remote explosives and drop uplinks and helping your team by providing them with uplinks deep in enemey territory . 
  instant battles do n't have an impact on the game world . 
  mercenary battles in low-security space ( i.e. 
  0.4 or lower security status ) affect the balance of power in that system , making it easier , or harder for eve players to flip occupation of that system in factional warfare . 
  factional warfare involves eve players fighting to control territory on behalf of the four npc empires . 
  the amarr empire is one of these empires . 
  the minmatar logi suit is quite fragile , yes , but it 's also fast and has a lot of equipment slots . 
  personally i 'd run complex shield extenders , using cpu and/or powergrid boosts in the low slots if necessary . 
  alternatively , run lighter , then use the low slots for damps . 
  if you 're interested in sov , [ scrap ] ( http://scrapironflotilla.com.au/ ) is where you should go .
