   davidw-valve [ commented ] ( https://github.com/valvesoftware/dota-2/issues/1809 ) 3 days ago, 
  we have a fix for this . 
  please expect it to be resolved in the next update . 
   note that this only appears to affect bot games , you can still play online with others while waiting for this to be fixed . 
  no blue intel, 
  most of what a recruiter charges is due to finding you the job in the first place . 
  doing payroll is way , way cheaper . 
  a few years ago , from the advice of a financial advisor , i bought 5 lots of $ 10k , each in a different stock . 
  two of those stocks ( boart longyear , billabong ) are now worth zero . 
  the others did well but not well enough to cover a 40 % loss . 
  these days i invest in indexes rather than individual stocks . 
  it 's a south australian thing . 
  they were settled later , and by the middle/upper class rather than convicts , so they retained the british way of pronouncing things . 
  40 minutes in port hedland . 
  shits insane . 
  * win matches, 
  * increase rating, 
  * play more matches, 
  if you only want to increase your rating but are n't prepared to enjoy the climb , what will you do when you eventually plateau ? 
  medallion is always an option . 
  technically , a state where everyone thinks they are your granny . 
  maybe chaos knight ? 
  i guess i was looking at it from the perspective of the +40 % damage boost from medallioning someone before attacking , but i can see where the smaller but continual boosts from yasha/s & y would be better . 
  i 'm totally going to build it on tree ant though . 
  doing the hauling myself seems like a big departure from only logging in a few times a day . 
  sounds like it , yes . 
  did he at least get a good payout though ? 
  hand knit sweaters everywhere, 
  think of it as a valuable lesson . 
  after all , it could have been your life savings or something . 
  if you go to auburn , granville or anywhere in that whole muslim belt , you will see people in burkas . 
  but you will also see people in head-scarves and people with nothing on their heads . 
  i went to an end of ramadan festival on the weekend . 
  muslims were even eating dagwood dogs . 
  to be fair , dagwood dogs are really tasty , no matter what kind of meat is really in them . 
  evemon does this , i think . 
  or whoever lives in the shire . 
  just because it 's anglo does n't mean it 's not an enclave . 
   we 're in the us , they 're probably going to come into contact with firearms sooner or later , no matter how much you think they should be banned . 
  this is also why gun control is so hard in the us - you guys have like , * millions * of guns floating around . 
  tried being the lane support that denies every creep ? 
  sapping xp is not too bad if you 're sapping lots of xp and gold from the dual off lanes . 
  if you have cash income , why not just spend it ? 
  four parcels of 1/3 ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's not how fractions work . 
  explain your reasons for choosing those funds in that proportion . 
  that will help us understand why , for instance you neglected popular funds such as vas . 
   the extreme ease with which they can be negated through the simple means of warping to a ping , warping back and re-aggressing with no further intervention from the guns renders them a joke . 
  well , that change was added because low-sec pirates said that gate guns were too dangerous , so you got ta expect a bit of seesawing before things get balanced . 
  i think switzerland has an idea like that . 
  guns are common , but ammo is expensive and restricted . 
  i 'd probably simplify it to two funds , since broker fees will eat into smaller parcels . 
  probably usa and rest of world , with an australian fund next in line . 
  my reasoning is that most aussies are way too exposed to the domestic market so this sets the tone of your investment strategy to break that trend . 
  generally one goes for an index mix based on certain criteria like market cap , limiting exposure to certain markets etc. 
  any index fund can fit into your plan , as long as you 're clear what ratio you want it at . 
  with $ 10k to play with , i doubt you 'll have room for many funds . 
  technically , active medallion just takes away the bonus ; it does n't give you * actual * negative armour . 
  can you use it on towers ? 
  investment is good , but that does n't help you with overwork . 
  if you work too much , plan a way to reduce your hours . 
  offset account saves you at least 4 % tax free , that 's like 7 % effectively . 
  that 's a good return and risk free . 
  sex kids are also out . 
  rock and roll kids are fine though . 
  another thing you can do is get gank-support items . 
  often , when you 're playing from behind , the other team has enough of an edge that many teamfights become blowouts , just because your team could not convert the damage into kills . 
  picking up a medallion might ( probably * will * ) tip the balance , which means that urn someone picked up a while back suddenly comes online , and you 're in a better position for the next fight . 
  65k including super is about $ 59.3 k in non-marketingspeak . 
  that 's something like $ 4950/month take-home , so saving $ 2k/month is pretty good . 
  this also implies that your current lifestyle costs $ 3k/month , so when you read about how people recommend x month 's expenses as an emergency fund , you now have some numbers to work off . 
  if you feel bad , you can work it out later . 
  `` ok , house is paid off now . 
  kid was born in 2010 , if i had put $ 10k into an account that year at 7 % yield , it would be worth $ x now , so if i invest that amount of money for them it 's as fair as i can make it . '', 
  you 'll always need some cash reserves to draw on if your car crashes or you need bail money or other things that are rare but expensive . 
  the important thing is to have an actual target for that reserve , and only consider money above that target to be actually available to spend or invest . 
  well , brokerage is why . 
  if brokerage is $ 25 , then if you buy 500 dollars of any stock , you 've made a ** 5 % loss ** before you even do anything . 
  make that 5000 dollars , and it 's now 0.5 % which is way more acceptable . 
  so yeah , you 'll have to work out what your personal preferences is ; maybe you just round up to $ 6000 so you can neatly buy one parcel every 3 months or something . 
  maybe you choose another number . 
  is this when we page / u/intolerablebot ? 
  the mjolnir active ability is what wins vs pl . 
  to be fair , it 's a much better spectator sport than cricket . 
  maaaybe slc . 
  \\ #feeltheburner, 
  poor man 's shield vs phantom lancer . 
  not a permanent solution but a really cheap way to avoid illusion harassment until his diffusal goes online . 
  having a big chunk of money as a deposit helps , regardless of ` credit score ', 
  allmappedout explained it . 
  standard for cap use , and a bit more range , and gleam to provide an option somewhere between mf and standard . 
  xray could also be used , but it has less em damage if that 's important to you . 
  well , now we all know the price of your self respect . 
  it stacks , multiplicatively . 
  what if there 's no greens available ? 
  will blues suffice ? 
  he still can be . 
  this just shows he has wit . 
  those are n't political or social debating questions ; they 're practical ones . 
  it 's not what you think !,
