  in contrast , bit coins can be bought with money , so if someone steals your bit coins , it 's the same as if they 'd stolen bars of gold , at least according to the australian tax office . 
  as low as nine lately . 
  you have my sword . 
  bad idea : organs are full of asbestos . 
   hi everyone ,, 
   the advanced industry skill has been updated to give ** 3 % ** / level reduction to all industry jobs ( ie anything you can do in the industry window , not just building ) ; this should be rolled out to tq in the next week or so . 
   this should give * most * people a decent amount of value , but we 'd like to give it some additional oomf . 
  we are therefore planning on adding some more advanced industrial skills with ai at 5 as a prereq , so there 's clear benefit to everyone in having it trained ( plus it would be nice to have some more skills ) . 
   we 're expecting this discussion to evolve over the coming weeks as the new system settles down and people figure out what bonuses they 'd find most valuable . 
  we 'd be looking at shipping these changes in one of the two following scheduled releases , depending on how this discussion goes . 
   so ... discuss !, 
  what sorts of advanced industry skills would be good ? 
   - greyscale, 
  well , there are various skills you need to build t2 ships , but even then , they 're terrible skills that do nothing except , well , unlock the ability to build tech 2 ships . 
  if it only affects build time , then it wo n't stop noobs from competing . 
   just a regular poster . 
  i have you tagged as ` guy who spotted the recall-bot guy ' , so there 's that . 
  this is also available to non-eggers . 
  : marketpvp :, 
  but less bragging rights . 
  also , less tears generated . 
  materials is a much better balancing system . 
  legionnaire finds salvage, 
  sells on markets , gets < isk  according to market rates, 
  legionnaire buys more equipment , according to market rates, 
  honor . 
  as long as they stay on topic , they 're welcome to participate . 
  [ tldr . 
  [ here you go . 
  there 's an eve legion irc channel ? 
  ah , the dreaded narrative tedium . 
  only facebook counts , did n't you know ? 
  go through k162s . 
  do people use cargo scanners still , or is that no longer a thing ? 
   move into a magentar, 
  does this require extensive wormhole chartreuse ? 
  ^ ( if you know what i 'm cyan ), 
  there are tech 1 cloaks . 
  they fit on tech 1 ships fine . 
  that 's because it takes hours to kill you ; easily enough time to get in your ute and drive the 300km to the nearest hospital . 
  i live in australia and have seen this . 
  your move . 
  depends if it 's stacking penalised or not . 
  i 'm being a gentleman for a change . 
  so if you build in a tower , how much installation costs are saved ? 
  what about the faction component assembly array ? 
  you ca n't anchor faction component assembly arrays in null . 
  / r/bravenewbies has a mining corporation ; perhaps ask there ? 
  they also put together defines fleets of their mining ops if you decide later that mining is not for you . 
  [ literally yesterday ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/eve/comments/2bi0d9/this_mp_wants_people_who_steal_virtual_items_to/ ) . 
  one can participate in large fleet battles without necessarily flying a large * ship * . 
  try [ this ] ( https://forums.dust514.com/default.aspx?g=posts&amp;t=169044 ) ? 
  if they do n't have data centres in australia , the privacy act might prove a bit troublesome . 
  maybe he 's on a bike, 
  seriously ? 
  it 's ironic really . 
  all the autz players switch to other servers after downtime because there 's no good fights because all the autz players switch to other servers . 
  \\ #gettingfrekiwithit, 
  should n't really matter how it 's built , and is pretty old and clunky . 
  something like maven will handle dependency management and has hook to automatically run unit tests etc. 
  it 's really the minimum level of sophistication in regards to building a project . 
  erik doernenberg stated in 2005 ? 
  that the minimum acceptable standard for professional software practices is the ability to check out an app , then run one command and it builds , tests and makes a release package of that app . 
  since then , the minimum standard has risen further . 
  i 'm not saying what you did was wrong , but it 's an avoidable waste of effort . 
  read up on maven , i think you 'll be impressed what it can do out of the box to help you develop and build in java . 
  never you ... never you mind about that . 
  doing it right . 
  no active sub ? 
  also doing it right . 
  do n't expect anything until after legion . 
  they pay for it up-front , i do n't see what the problem is . 
  from google autocomplete . 
  links ? 
  i toyed with buying some from the eve store , but the postal charges were too high . 
  as they say , why mail models ? 
  it probably says something about me , but that 's also a really good set of guidelines to running an eve online corporation . 
  i 'd bet that part of the terms of the brits doing atomic testing is that we got copies of the data . 
  then again , knowing spooks , they probably deliberately left out something important . 
   the rebels are going to get the shit kicked out of them by the ukraine shortly anyway, 
  i 'm going to need some citations for that , champ , considering the [ disparity in forces ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/2014-03-04/ukraine-and-russia-the-military-imbalance/5298234 ) ( which have tipped further in russia 's favour since march ) . 
  the put some designs up on teespring and see what happens . 
  yeah , but * detroit * . 
  the land is literally worth nothing . 
  why not buy into a property fund ? 
  unless you already have the house in mind , it 's a lot better choice . 
  i bet putin did n't want anyone to shoot down a plane full of civilians either . 
  and yet . 
  ok , for shares you can buy some shares directly or you can but into a fund . 
  the fund buys the shares ( probably a lot more types than you would have the money for ) and manages them , buying and selling at the right time and you get dividends . 
  the same thing goes for property funds . 
  you could buy a house , but it 's all or nothing ( cca n't buy 10 % of a house ) and you 're very exposed if that particular street suffers a downturn . 
  in contrast , a property fund will have dozens or hundreds of houses so when you buy shares , you 're spreading your risk . 
  also , the fund handles the buying or selling at the appropriate time , so that 's convenient . 
  so yeah , unless you know exactly which house you want to buy , a property fund may be a good alternative . 
  considered just doing the free trial a few times , using throw away characters , doing different things each time ? 
  sugar kyle has a low sec trade hub , find her blog posts on it . 
  blake from k162 also has posts on the top items to seed markets , based on killboard stats . 
  i really like these weekly post things . 
  if you want a forced savings plan , why not just take out an investment loan for shares or an index fund instead of the hassle of property ?
