  just know that this is the best pack they have released in the last 6 ? 
  months , that 's why everyone is so happy about it . 
  the base damage buff was really good . 
  helps her win her important first couple of duels . 
  owners ca n't get blocked from a channel , but non owner admins certainly can block themselves . 
  just recycle them into charms and try for something better, 
  but then you do n't have a cloak, 
  well , there were 48 of them . 
  google hires goats for this . 
  there 's pros and cons . 
  * goats do n't crop grass as low as sheep , so that 's good, 
  * goats are also smarter than sheep , so you can train them more easily ( e.g. 
  ring bell -  hand out treats like dried bread -  round them back up into the truck ), 
  * sheep , however , do n't eat shrubs like goats do, 
  * sheep do n't climb trees , or ledges, 
  * sheep do n't jump over fences, 
  * sheep are easier to herd, 
  there is a small but vibrant start-up scene in brisbane . 
  one well-regarded incubator i know is river city labs , but there are a couple others . 
  there are a few banks and insurance companies based in brisbane , and at least one gis company . 
  i 'm not saying that there 's a lot of demand , but i suspect the supply of talent is also correspondingly small . 
  not sure . 
  you 'd probably start with their web sites if you know about them , e.g. 
  * http://recruitment.suncorpgroup.com.au/cdw/en/listing/, 
  * http://www.boq.com.au/aboutus_careers_currentcareeropportunities.htm, 
  otherwise , a job aggregator like seek would work . 
  there 's also consultancies that you can contact ; they often have advance notice of positions before they become generally-available , and/or have preexisting relationships with vendors so you might get a foot in the door . 
  i love those books . 
  brutor, 
  salvage, 
   you do not need to request an alliance flair , all alliances with logos are automatically provided for . 
  i do n't see flair for [ my alliance ] ( http://evemaps.dotlan.net/alliance/al3xand3r . ), 
  but dotlan said we had one :(, 
  yeah , i once trained a 9x skill between logins . 
  i 'm in australia . 
  i have n't officially seen it . 
  but yes . 
  it 's either that , or teens never get jobs because adults cost the same . 
  i 'm pretty sure everything has been evacuated already , except for their pvp stockpiles . 
  on what channel ? 
  phew . 
  if it 's one thing i feel guilty about , it 's taking money away from rupert murdoch . 
  you were against huskar , troll and bear , all of which can just delete you one on one if they are prepared . 
  you needed blade mail , not armlet . 
  paging / u/brisbaneworkerbee, 
  no , you do n't understand . 
  [ australians need more flags ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2015/jun/24/10-flag-announcement-brings-government-flag-count-to-all-time-high ) [ . 
  i 'd buy shares in pizza companies, 
  i think a more subtle alternative would be to nerf the doubles damage the further away it is from the real hero . 
  how would you support as chaos knight ? 
  that 's my fetish, 
  or the dev who does sde exports gets hit by a bus . 
  service bus, 
  backplane bus, 
  all the same, 
  step 1 build caps with minerals, 
  step 2 jump caps to a station to sell, 
  step 3 profit, 
  i 've seen 900k houses go for 270k there , recently . 
  he 's playing the long game . 
  for those who have n't experienced it themselves , perhaps this might help to understand . 
  no , they were shitty asbestos-laden heaps , but when the going rate is $ 90k/year rent , then you can understand the kind of demand at the time . 
  in contrast , before the boom , the mining companies would offer houses to their workers for ~ 150k , and the generous part of the contract was that the company guaranteed that it would always buy it back again for the same price . 
  depends on the hero . 
  if you deal mad damage then yes , if you are really keen on high life total then heart is better . 
  how can you expect to climb mmr if you tilt so easily ? 
  you must have good mechanics to compensate for your weak attitude , but you need both to reach the next level . 
  supports should be denying and harassing , assuming they 're even in xp range, 
  it means one of two things :, 
  using orb mechanics to harass without attracting creep aggro, 
  backswing-cancelling ranged attacks with move orders to get more hits in vs someone running away . 
  sorry about that , php devs . 
  that bit is aggro management , not really orb walking, 
  have you tried using your mobile browser to adjust permissions , instead of the app ? 
  find other students that are serious about good grades . 
  hang around them . 
  your group of friends will support each other and social pressure will stop people from slacking off . 
  ( sometimes this means * you * have to be the person who takes bob aside and has a private word with him , but it 's better to nip these things in the bud before the entire study group spirals out of control ), 
  for many people , uni is the first time they 've encountered learning that requires hard work as well as natural ability . 
  you ca n't do much about natural ability ( although , you got into uni so you probably have that covered ) , but surrounding yourself with peers with a good work ethic is really important if you are uncertain about your own . 
  similarly , if you studied your arse off to get into university but you 're not sure whether you have the natural brilliance to get through it , surround yourself with smart people , and bring your dedication and drive to the table . 
  you get top tier study partners , and they get someone who expects them to study regularly , so it 's a win-win . 
  also , try to read ahead in your text books . 
  it 's so much less stress in lectures if you already have * some * clue about what the lecturer is teaching you . 
  the extractor price is pegged to the cost of plex . 
  1 plex = 3.5 extractors =  340m ** max ** , but realistically cheaper because of deals , etc. 
  current market price is about 300m , so that checks out . 
  what will happen is that the market price of injectors will drop . 
  or you pick up the ballots early and vote by mail . 
  the hard bit in australia is getting customers to accept generic instead of branded , if the doctor has prescribed them on the script . 
  i put one on a tengu once . 
  it let me run a large shield booster even after i fell asleep in an anomaly . 
  ogre is for learning how good stuns are , and how risky even the most tanked melee supports are , compared to ranged supports . 
  sometimes your team mate abandons . 
  sometimes an enemy player abandons . 
  if you get a win from one , you must get a win from the other ... 
  dude you can say pussies it 's ok, 
  they 're still around . 
  i think f11 or f12 brings up the menu . 
  does quelling blade amplify the damage ?
