  do n't forget that some of that 150k will go back into the principal to counter inflation ... 
  i thought you were okay with the free market of housing prices ? 
  considered asking him to run again next election ? 
  i have been part of teams at two different work places that have added polipay support to their web sites . 
  in both cases , it was added for compliance of accc regulations and not because we actually wanted anyone to use it . 
  from a security perspective , polipay is borderline unethical with customer data and i would never use it myself and would strongly urge my friends and family to discontinue use . 
  so yeah , there 's a reason why nobody uses it , but hey , at least it ticks a box . 
  if they ca n't help , let me know , maybe i can scrounge up someone else . 
  duh , they 're all in nags . 
  why does it sound like a reverse mortgage ? 
  in general , reverse mortgages are paid when the house sells ( hence ` reverse ' instead of ` equity ' ) , which is n't happening in this case . 
  tough sport . 
  everyone wears padding . 
  it 's right there in the text . 
  you do n't repay reverse mortgages . 
  you receive some money each week , and at the end of the loan term , you give the house to the bank instead . 
  the house is sold and you get the remaining 80 % . 
  either way , you wo n't have that house . 
  so , you going to the brisbane eve meet this month ? 
  tell me more about slack auth for corps . 
  yes . 
  i linked it elsewhere in this thread . 
  how do you kick them afterwards ? 
   that 's dangerously close to pay-to-win if you ca n't advance the rate of component collection by doing something in-game ... 
  i have picked up 80 war barge components from salvage so far , so there 's that . 
  about five games , which is usually my limit before i get sick of dust, 
  welp, 
  what is your character supposed to be doing ? 
  it has capital ship production skills as well as marauders v. 
  as far as subsystems go , get the int/mem ones to v or do n't bother at all . 
  all subsystem skills give awesome bonuses per level . 
  have you considered cyno field theory ? 
  it 's often the case that you get better deals from out of state companies , since they 're trying to establish a local presence . 
  or fit hacking rigs instead of scanning rigs . 
  i think it was when the east changed from russians to pandemic legion , the renters were like ` okay what 's the new paypal address ? ', 
  i have seen that happen irl . 
  it definitely worked . 
  i 'll need a note from your parents first . 
  you need at least one form of payment that does n't incur fees , i believe . 
  what you 're saying is that there 's huge growth potential ... 
  i do n't know where to begin . 
  could you narrow down what you 're having problems with ? 
  90 % of industry play style is working out what 's profitable to build , and whether that 's due to fundamental demand , or whether some trader is playing silly buggers . 
  if you 're willing to start in the deep end :, 
  or if you already know what you want to build and just need to work out how , then use, 
  for instance , unless you have a serious edge , it 's only marginally worth building kestrels in a semi-popular manufacturing system , even with a me10 blueprint ( 43k/hour is 10m isk/day running ten lines flat-out , and then you have to haul them to market and sell them ), 
  just remember that lots of other people have eiph as well , so make sure the markets you 're getting into have high enough volume to cope with everyone 's orders ( or choose some lower isk-per-hour items so there 's less competition . 
  or both ), 
  finally he asks for help . 
  time to cram android i guess . 
  the fittings tool is called eufe and is already on git hub . 
  this is true . 
  you probably take more damage per volley with your mwd on ( since you have full sig bloom but only partial transversal bonus due to needing to keep range ) but in theory that 's mitigated by being well out of range of your opponent 's weapons , so 500 % of zero is still zero . 
  you 're allowed up to 10 % of submissions as self-promotion . 
  if anyone complains , tell them to htfu . 
  safari no worky . 
  bonus points if it gets hooked into https://github.com/r4stl1n/allianceauth, 
  but seriously , putting it on github is the first , important step . 
  an example : the android app for github itself . 
  you might be able to help by writing tests for bugs you find , even if you ca n't fix them ? 
  legion was pitched as dayz + dust + planetside , which imo works a lot better with eve than a lobby shooter . 
  this happened to me last night ; the update took forever ( 1hour + ), 
  sell character ? 
  slack is way better than irc , and a fair bit better than jabber . 
  but , he 's right !, 
  step 1 : do n't die of starvation, 
  shhh , no tears , only narrative now . 
  would it be possible to set a reference solar system ? 
  if you 're viewing a region , it would be nice to set the system that you 're pretending to view from , so buy orders that are valid would turn green . 
  only 1 million ? 
  already replaced . 
  he 's been a t2 drama blueprint thus far . 
  and yet , once in a while a single thread will swing wildly the other way . 
  why ? 
  it 's a mystery . 
  ah , yeah , probably for the best . 
  we have a repo at work that had some aws keys checked in , so we had to do the same thing . 
  we expected a few broken promises , we are realistic about these things , but he broke an election promise each day for almost the entire first six months of his term . 
  case in point : bill cosby is also in the midst of a slew of allegations , and other comedians are saying ` yep , we knew ', 
  typical country member . 
  it 's ` arc up ' . 
  mufti is an indian term , appropriated by the british . 
  it 's not specific to nsw . 
  well , how bout we talk to mike azariah and see whether marlona is telling the truth about donating it all . 
  but it 's probably just more fun to keep speculating ... 
  paging / u/mikeazariah for confirmation, 
  i used it with intent . 
  settle , petal . 
  literally [ 20 minutes ago ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/eve/comments/2uznf2/dev_blog_fanfest_2015_silent_auction_servers/ ) . 
  car accidents are sometimes called prangs in qld . 
  have n't heard it elsewhere . 
  explain ? 
  note that , after the first consultation , follow-up chats are tax-deductible , since they 're not setting up a plan but managing it . 
  it 's often a good idea to reassess every couple of years minimum , whether you get the same person in or not . 
  good luck catching anyone on a gate though . 
  just use a calculator , like eve-industry . org, 
  i do n't think he 'll ever write the next book , but i 'm okay with where it ends . 
  how many clients do you have per year ? 
  if it 's only a couple , it might fall under the personal services income rule and you then become a de facto employee . 
  for those who do n't get the reference :,
