  that 's because they 're squeezing the shit out of their wholesalers , ala walmart . 
  you guys should probably work on that , then . 
  if you want to stop playing eve and start helping in a soup kitchen or learn a new language , nobody is stopping you . 
  in fact , we 'll probably be impressed at your determination . 
  sometimes it happens . 
  a friend of mine used to play fps games for 60 hours a week . 
  one day , he decided to change . 
  he lost 15 kilos , took up a martial art and scuba diving , met a back packer and moved to europe where he learned two foreign languages and is now a thousand dollar a day consultant . 
  i am totally in awe of his determination . 
  none of my other friends have that determination , which is why they 're stuck in dead end jobs and have n't had a date in ten years . 
  so , if you think you can do it , then take winning at eve to the next level . 
  the world is your sandbox . 
  customs offices in low sec are actually not bad income , as long as you have a station in system and or close to high sec . 
  even better if your corp mates use it as well , since it provides a useful service to them in return for the occasional defence op . 
  * bragging rights, 
  * custom corp name in game, 
  * shared chat channel, 
  * access to planetary conquest, 
  * more stuff in the future . 
  there are a lot of capable people playing eve . 
  if you have n't got your shit in order , eve probably wo n't help . 
  if you have got your shit in order , playing eve wo n't hurt . 
  i 've seen pics of the party at the top of the world . 
  that seems a lot more target-rich than hitting up women in a booth while they 're working . 
  til if you do n't know who the neighborhood motherfucker is , it 's * you * . 
  they can , however , be given access to communications intercepted by , say , the americans . 
   and watches it 's every move . 
  ... much like a shady person hanging around outside your school . 
  what has been unwrapped can never be rewrapped . 
  well , i dunno . 
  a lot of people peek into courier contracts , discover that the contents are worth more than collateral and just [ decide to take it ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ugplrpwvz0i#t=02m00s ) . 
  hope it was worth it for you this time . 
  i like big sex and i can not lie . 
  nowhere near as much as worzel gummidge . 
  he 's like 80 now is n't he ? 
  blue up everyone, 
  now i know what step 2 is . 
  well , it 's possible they wo n't get nerfed , as long as tech 2 ships like hacs get buffed hard . 
  what time zone ? 
  melamine is cheap , so you dilute the milk and top it up with melamine because the protein tests will still pass . 
  lead works great for many industrial processes . 
  heck , it used to be a fuel additive . 
  if you do n't care about the future effects , it 's great . 
  basically , what you see is a result of people treating life as a one shot prisoners dilemma instead of an iterated one . 
  bruce schneier had an article on his site a couple weeks ago about it . 
  worth reading . 
  could wait for star citizen . 
  why drone strike someone * after * they 've done all the damage they ever could ? 
  well , yes , revenge , but i doubt the cia would deem him worth expending the political capital required to send in de drones . 
  like , a week ago ? 
  have rigs tied to sub system , not hull . 
  it 's probably a design decision . 
  no easy mode exploration in high sec . 
  check out the price of large rig bpcs of the same type , then multiply by five . 
  does dropping nanohives for him count ? 
  i 'm keen to see what bombshells he would drop if he had access to parliamentary privilege ... 
  i hope you 've learned a valuable lesson from this . 
  be thankful you lost some space pixels instead of your retirement fund . 
  i guess you did n't , then . 
  i kinda feel sorry for you , actually . 
  well , the ps4 is looking pretty decent , but i did n't see dust as one of the release games : /, 
  hmm , this is [ not so cool ] ( http://au.gamespot.com/e3/ps-plus-required-to-play-ps4-games-online-6409709/ ) . 
  does n't actually work though . 
  / r/til had an article a week or so , of a guy who did n't eat for an entire year ; basically lived off his fat . 
  hmm , did n't work very well on firefox . 
  seems better on safari , but choosing modules does n't seem to affect the stats on the left . 
  info ^ at iskerswhiskers ^ dot com, 
  never forget . 
  `` i 've seen some shit '', 
  `` no , seriously , i just did one a minute ago . '', 
  still not sold on the low number of slots ; makes it hard to stack modules while retaining a minimum viable fit . 
  [ read everything on this entire site ] ( http://www.evealtruist.com/p/article-index.html ), 
  they 're a minor party . 
  they do n't need to drive those things . 
  sounds like a medium frame for the straight heavy . 
  probably pretty neat to be able to carry around an assault rifle + swarm launcher tho . 
  yo dawg , i heard you like heat, 
   after i undocked, 
  ah , * there 's * your problem , 
  at the moment , this looks like a buff to everyone except armor tankers . 
  * shield tankers can roll with a single reactive plate to get some small amount of reps, 
  * logis/scouts can roll with a couple ferroscale plates , since they ca n't afford a speed penalty and/or have reps anyway, 
  pension etc. 
  her partner does n't count as a wife , so probably access to 401k , or it might affect what happens when her will is executed etc. 
  heck , on her deathbed she might not have been able to have her partner there . 
  `` family members only '', 
  i 'm just guessing ; i do n't even live in the northern hemisphere . 
  looks like iron wolf saber has the stats for all 3 tiers now :, 
  autz mate . 
  autz . 
  one would hope that there 's a bit of thinking about design goals between now and then . 
  i just find it strange that they have mad skills in balancing ships , but ca n't emulate the design process for suits . 
  i suspect they 're still learning how to run the shanghai office ... 
  i think rudd is too smart to take the leadership at this point . 
  nobody likes sloppy seconds . 
  still being disconnected after 2 minutes in game . 
  calling it a night . 
  the thing is that in a genre as mature as ( console ) fps , they should n't need to start from doom and work their way forward ; they should be cherry-picking straight from the current crop of shooters and integrating the best ideas instead of starting from first principles . 
  til starting a company that manages to make money competing against * free * software is ` luckily striking it rich ' . 
  tough biscuits .
