  they fixed the afterburner skill too . 
  that was a good tweak . 
  used to be ten percent longer duration per level , which was a pain for dual prop fits . 
  fozzie changed it to less time and less cap use . 
  [ i 'm doing my part ] ( http://serpentinelogic.wordpress.com/2014/07/08/dust-cpm1-elections-how-i-voted/ ) . 
  are you ? 
  it 's not import taxes , except for a few luxury goods ; it 's just middlemen taking huge cuts , or foreign retailers seeing . au and geopricing it up a bit . 
  which is 4-6 hours at * minimum * wage in australia . 
  we even got given a flat payment of up to $ 900 during the gfc , with the idea that if we 're splashing money around to keep the economy going , the citizens may as well get some of their taxes back to spend as they wish . 
  yes , but that 's due a a number of reasons , not least is the fact that there 's only 22 million of us spread around a country the size of the usa . 
  more like $ 4 , and it 's quite good coffee . 
  american food is very cheap by world standards . 
  it 's ~ 92c . 
  close enough . 
  yes , but the important thing is : we can afford it . 
   how does the buying power of $ 16 in australia compare with the us ? 
  about $ 14 . 
   how do you know the dodging of the global recession is related to minimum wage ? 
  no , it was mostly because of australia 's financial regulatory regime . 
  i think australian banks lost less than $ 2b combined losses . 
  having a strong export economy at the time also helped . 
   did every other country with higher minimum wage dodge the recession ? 
  did any country with a low ( or without ) a minimum wage get impacted by the recession ? 
  india also dodged a lot of the gfc , also due to financial regulation more than anything else . 
  researching the blueprint takes about ten hours to get to ml10 , and an additional ten hours to reach te10 . 
  it 's really not much of a stretch . 
  [ nope ] ( https://www.fuzzwork.co.uk/blueprints/0/202/555/5/10/5 ) . 
  it 's not really profitable ( 34k isk per hour when buying inputs from buy orders ) probably due to tritanium prices being high , but it 's still profitable . 
  yeah , in some cases it was ` wasted ' on flatscreen tvs etc , but even then , it helped local retailers . 
  it was a tiered handout ; i think low incomes got 900 , middle incomes ( 75k + ) got 650 , and high incomes ( 150k + ) got 350 . 
  in highsec , just run up a small caldari tower with one of each type of lab , an array or two and , optionally , a shitload of ecm . 
  if you 're wardecced , then make a judgement call about whether it 's better to leave the tower up and defend it , or just cancel the jobs and pull down the tower . 
  either way , you 'll be defending under heavy ecm cover , so they 'll have to either gimp their fits or bring out some marauder support to crack it . 
  as a small tower , it does n't really have a lot of hp but hey , the fuel costs are cheap and you get what you pay for . 
  new york city is moving to a distributed power grid , with many micro grids instead of a purely one-way power distribution network . 
  it 's not cheap , but probably a lot more reliable . 
  it 's the same , although mining the same asteroid will cause it to deplete at twice the rate . 
  use a survey scanner to keep appraised of how much is in nearby asteroids so you do n't waste mining cycles on almost-empty rocks . 
  after a mining frigate the next step is a mining barge . 
  note that some fits may be a bit tight with low skills . 
  csm malcanis said it best :, 
   i told greyscale that the `` push butan receive bacon '' industrial crowd who want to be able to spreadsheet the absolute optimal process and then do that forever without having to think about it would go mental about his proposed ideas . 
  this is because , at root , few things make people angrier than being forced to think about something . 
  even people who do n't mind thinking about stuff will go fucking mental if they 're made to do it by some outside agency . 
   i also told him that if he bottled out and half-assed this that i 'd fucking find him . 
   i 'm cheerfully prepared to admit that i did n't and still do n't know enough about industry to be able to definitely say that this will make eve better . 
  i have a vague gut feeling that it will . 
  but if i 'm to be absolutely honest my real motivation was a gigantic reservoir of long-bottled rage against humanity caused by nearly a decade of working on tech support lines to the general public for a variety of pc peripherals . 
  the sheer sullen mongoloid hostility to actually using their brains has deeply scarred my outlook on humanity . 
   well get bumfucked by a splintery telephone pole covered in chilli paste and fire ants , humanity , because crius is due in less than 3 weeks . 
   have fun and yours in christ and sleep well ,, 
   malcanis, 
  are you on a mac ? 
  [ vov ] ( http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=aud&amp;to=usd&amp;view=5y ), 
  smaller bonuses for holding an entire constellation . 
  ca n't help then . 
  i know there were problems with the latest osx release cutting off large downloads from untrusted sources . 
  [ yes . 
  ] ( https://serpentinelogic.files.wordpress.com/2014/07/cpm1_voting.png ), 
  wtf are you talking about, 
  let 's cheer for both . 
  or scam . 
  either way , terrible . 
  ... for about three days . 
  ok so you 're really poor at the moment , but you are dabbling in trade . 
  i suggest you buy a plex or game time card and sell it for some cash to ramp up the trading while having some isk to have fun with . 
  then make some frigate fits and join red vs blue and get heaps of fights until you run out of ships . 
  negative gearing only for new houses ? 
  evewalletaware ? 
  the slow speed at which swarm missiles travel . 
  i need them a touch faster to chase off assault drop ships . 
  that 's a minor quibble . 
  the major quibble is matchmaking . 
  `` eve online is a multiplayer treachery simulator , played over the internet . 
  it also has spaceships . '', 
  if i 'm bringing my tax down in the top tax bracket , i do n't really care about claiming welfare . 
  go home @eve_status , you 're drunk . 
   she is not a gamer, 
  no candy crush , words with friends , angry birds , nothing ? 
  also , he killed hitler . 
  that 's got ta count for something . 
  max might be a stretch . 
  make sure to neural remap to bias industry skills . 
  or maybe you 're taxing people because of their choices . 
  so you have a week ? 
  i assume you already have the high level architecture worked out ? 
  domain model , view controllers etc ? 
  what about build framework ? 
  maven or something similar ? 
  there 's no * need * to be a dick , that 's just icing on the cake . 
  and the point release can be crius 1.1 : cry harder . 
  sell after crius hits . 
  have you seen how expensive it will be to research battleship blueprints ? 
  without the usa , china would kerb stomp japan . 
  this knowledge probably humiliates the japanese government a fair bit . 
  stockpiles were running low ... 
  battleship research times have blown out , which is fine , but what with the per-hour station fees racking up for months , it 's cost-prohibitive to actually research them very much . 
  so , perfect blueprints of big expensive stuff is going to be fairly thin on the ground in future . 
  go for the primary , boo , go for the primary !, 
  it will probably be low on the priority scale .
