  * cpu management v, 
  * powergrid management v, 
  * hacking ii ( for encryption methods skills ), 
  * scientific networking iii, 
  then choose some t2 science skills + racial encryption methods and start inventing . 
  generally , t2 manufacturers do n't need freighters because they deal in really isk-dense stuff , so choose a blockade runner you like the look of and train into that . 
  the cia funded the resistance against the russians . 
  those freedom fighters then became the taliban . 
  it happens a lot ; i would n't be surprised if isis was a cia program that went sideways . 
  i am jack 's complete lack of surprise . 
  if one guy has multiple wives , that leaves some other guy with a massive case of testosterone poisoning . 
  join a corporation ? 
  nothing beats fleeting up with two hundred of your closest friends and blowing up some nerds ' ships . 
  it is feasible , but i strongly suggest you try it with a half-dozen ventures first . 
  my wife 's favourite games are the * runaway * series , 
  it 's possible that , due to the limitations of computers at the time , that type of game was much easier to polish to a sufficient standard and make accessible to the widest audience . 
  i 'd play them the world 's smallest violin , except it would probably deafen them . 
  shipping was free , last time i looked . 
  i 'm a bit behind in my reading too . 
  i have 13000 unread articles on feedly ;(, 
  even then , you will need a mobile depot so you can switch out a gas miner for a probe launcher to scan down wormholes , then switch back when you 're ready to go in . 
  having christmas lunch right now, 
  why not ? 
  the cargo hold on them is insane . 
  also , meta 6 + can not be manufactured at-will , but blueprints may be purchased from the relevant faction , so their supply is considerably less constrained than by loot drops only . 
  not since crius , no . 
  and this , dear newbies , is why you bookmark the other side of the wormhole as soon as you go through it . 
  [ this fit ] ( http://serpentinelogic.files.wordpress.com/2014/06/screen-shot-2014-06-04-at-9-27-32-am.png ), 
  or if you 're feeling more adventurous , [ this fit ] ( http://serpentinelogic.files.wordpress.com/2014/06/screen-shot-2014-06-04-at-9-29-49-am.png ) . 
  i think you can compare the card lists online . 
  i do n't get it . 
  i can already carry a dozen carriers worth of compressed ore in my freighter . 
  looking to meet gfs in your local chat ? 
  you 'll need to source stuff from where they 're created and ship them to a trade hub to sell , then . 
  make your own margin , as it were . 
  so haul 900 blocks of ice to your in-system compression array tower . 
  hauling uncompressed ore more than a jump or two is stupid whichever way you slice it . 
  after i had kids , i never undocked in a ship that did n't have a cloak for suddenly going afk with . 
  nobody tell him that fade and cloud ring share a respawn pool . 
  online sales best sales . 
  like uber ratings for real estate agents ? 
  this should happen more often . 
  i do this sometimes . 
  it 's worth paying 0.06 isk more to buy ten of an item instead of separate orders of 1 , 1 , 4 , 4 . 
  woop woop, 
  a docking ring . 
  would property funds work in lieu of an actual house ? 
  yeah but only ccp can track that , it would need a support ticket . 
  how many people these days get references to obscure 1985 movies ? 
  i suspect there might be a lot going on behind the scenes at ccp games , and i would n't write off dust just yet . 
  pretty much , but specialised towards taxi/hire car drivers that use it , a bit like yelp is for restaurants . 
  for larger regions , there 's a pool of signatures that spawn there . 
  they 're distributed around the region . 
  three ded4 , two ded5 , one ded6 , one ded7 , one ded8 , one ded9 , one ded10, 
  so in that example , you 'll never see two ded10 signatures in the same region because the pool is capped at one . 
  ( note that before crucible , not all ded ratings existed so it was likely there was a ded6 and a ded10 and that 's all ), 
  when you run a site , it will turn up a few minutes later elsewhere in the region . 
  however , some smaller regions share a single pool , so you may run a serpentis ded6 in fade , then it will respawn somewhere in cloud ring . 
  i 'm not aware that the numbers are public knowledge , no . 
  also , sisi 's weird respawn mechanics mean you really have to do it on tq to be sure . 
  not sure about other pooled regions , but i 'd bet that the bleak lands are also pooled with another region that has blood raider rats . 
  disable gate keeper . 
  that will let you download the entire client . 
  once you install it , disable eve voice integration . 
  that will massively improve stability . 
  usa has terrible welfare and much easier to be fired , so it makes sense there . 
  yes , people will pay money for the first two , or at least give you a commission for the loot from the kills . 
  i have seen 20 % commission on an offline high sec tower , and 5 % to 10 % on a shiny ship . 
  or you just take a photo of the license plate with the dash cam and let a drone follow them instead . 
  this is why the awox change is going in ; because to any corp in high sec , this is suspicious as fuck . 
  in the spirit of / r/australia , give them lumps of coal . 
  of course , while we 're being all ` there must be two sides ' , perhaps they deserved it ? 
  he kept taking his shoes off for interviews . 
  yeah , but helicopters cost fuel to operate ... you could have a squadron of drones around the city and all it costs is a bit of electricity . 
  the fact that it 's a web poll trumps the site that it 's hosted on , imo . 
  er , corporation trade orders are just made on behalf of the corp , like putting up a buy order for some fuel blocks so some other person with roles can deliver it , or selling command centres at the local poco farm . 
  it does n't actually help when you 're trading for personal gain though . 
  i know a kiwi corporation , message me for details . 
  the buildings or the people ? 
  it ca n't be permanently stunned before slaughtering , but you can buy stun bolts that ( theoretically ) they can recover from given enough time ( which they do n't get , because chop chop ) and that is enough to get the certificate . 
  it 's a shield timer , so large pulse laser turrets + multifrequency , and/or amarr drones if you 're that way inclined . 
  i have seen it done with attack battlecruisers or stealth bombers , but as long as you 're doing the dps you 'll be fine . 
  i 'm growing three choko plants right now . 
  they 're pretty easy to grow , actually . 
  engineering vacation practice work is paid , unlike some other fields . 
  ` vast majority ' really depends on how you gerrymander the districts ... 
  well , yeah , you 'd need to after drinking xxxx . 
  unlikely . 
  apples are a lot cheaper than choko , and have been for decades . 
  however , you can make an apple pie with 90 % choko and it tastes as good , or better than pure apple . 
  people used to do it in the 60s because chokos were basically free in those days . 
  that 's probably where the rumour started . 
  yeah , most of the time an industry cert like a ccna is better regarded . 
  they 're just trying to balance their ledger . 
  check your graduation requirements , you 'll likely need 18 weeks of vacation practice , some of which has to be under the guidance of a practicing engineer and some which just needs to be in an engineering environment . 
  the pay is nice , but the experience is important . 
  at the end of first year uni , i was at stanwell power station , so it is possible even when you 're objectively terrible at everything . 
  buy game time , receive codes , give to friend , friend either applies them for game time or sells them to other players for valuable spaceship money . 
  i 'm encountering similar issues switching between static files and a database ( probably via sql alchemy ) . 
  at least you know how to program in python .
