  i sometimes refer to my fc as chief handicapped general . 
  he does n't get the reference . 
  that link is mine . 
  let me know if you have any questions !, 
  whoa , settle down , he was n't making any aspersions on who you have sex with . 
  if it helps , boiled peanuts have much lower levels of allergens compared to roasted peanuts when introducing them to someone 's diet . 
  obviously it would be prudent to give the kid a proper allergy test first . 
   i 've started skipping mek because * it 's just too mana intensive * . 
  how is this even possible with sadist 4 ? 
   aura does n't do much early . 
  i disagree . 
  aura does a lot during the laning stage , since hero regen is generally super low . 
  it falls off in the mid game , then becomes powerful again once life totals increase and the percentage drain becomes significant . 
  also , surprised ccp has n't killed it off yet . 
  buy a magazine , then hand it back for them to sell again . 
  oh , frankfurt was n't too bad imo, 
  personally , i find it d\u00e9class\u00e9 . 
  that 's countered by your terrible judgement about post quality . 
  surfaces are good . 
  probably the best piece of hardware that microsoft has released for a decade . 
  it amuses me that you brits have pubs five times as old as my country . 
  then i remember that australia was inhabited by people for thousands of years before the british arrived and realise that i 'm unintentionally racist . 
  this explains the battle of trafalgar . 
  it could have been as simple as `` you want to cast shanghai , or do you want to move up the list of likely ti6 casters instead ? '', 
  they do , but sometimes you just have to have a cheat day . 
  depending on the size of the fund , yes you can use options for arbitrage . 
  one of the regular posters did something like that last year . 
  the first bullet point requires a separate investment strategy to the other two . 
  if you save for a house deposit , you need access to those funds relatively quickly - you do n't have the luxury of waiting another 2 years for your shares to recover from a crash when your real estate agent needs to settle in 60 days . 
  for this kind of thing , high-interest savings accounts are pretty good . 
  in fact , most people have a hisa anyway , just to stash cash for emergencies , unexpected injuries , accidents , being laid off etc. 
  retirement money and long-term investment are related - it 's just that retirement money has a minimum 40-year term , whereas stocks are 5yrs + . 
  for shares , many people in this sub recommend index funds as a solid core of a portfolio , since actively-managed funds may perform better than indexes for a few years at a time , but none outperform indexes over longer periods , once you take into account management fees . 
  for retirement , super has its attractions - currently , the higher your tax bracket , the better off you are ploughing extra money into super because instead of paying 49 % tax on it , you 're only paying 15 % . 
  that 's likely to change in the next few years , but trying to take advantage of cheap super tax kind of conflicts with your other goal of saving money for a house . 
  ps : look into income protection insurance . 
  the last thing you want is to wrench your back on site and be broke for the next 5 years of rehab . 
  you always need an emergency fund . 
  for most people , it 's a hisa ; for others , it 's a mortgage offset account . 
  it needs to be equivalent to a few months of your * expenses * ( rather than income ) this is not negotiable , because you are a responsible human being . 
  work out how much money a 10 % or 20 % house deposit is . 
  work out how long it would take you to accrue this ( remember that the first few months may go into your emergency fund if it 's low ), 
  if it 's only a couple of years , then by all means , put it into the hisa and buy a house when you feel it 's the right time . 
  ( remember that the ideal repayment amount will be twice the minimum repayments ), 
  if it 's going to be longer than that , start planning on medium-long term investments instead/in addition . 
  you trade off the instant liquidity for higher returns over the years , but that 's fine if it will be years before you 're ready . 
  that 's what modern art * is all about * . 
  it does n't need to be a painting * of something * , just a painting . 
  yeah that 's what i switched to . 
  move to germany for university, 
  this could be like qantas . 
  make huge loss because , well , they have to , but position for better returns in later years . 
  i think it 's going to be like dayz except , hopefully less retarded . 
  maybe bring in some nice aspects of the division . 
  csm of my heart, 
  perhaps hilmar is sick of earning icelandic krona and wants some of that sweet sweet gbp . 
  for the first time in forever , i 'm thankful that i can only watch via replays . 
  it 's bad enough when the replays do n't have commentaries , let alone a 3 hour delay ? 
  yeah i guess if you were born in 1955 you probably lost 90 % of your friends to aids, 
  the moral of the story is never to go full yourself . 
  that sent quite the message . 
  unexpectedly , the compendium is actually the best part of this shitshow . 
  i assume it 's read only ? 
  that sounds counter productive . 
  just let it be read only and people will copy the good bits to eve uni, 
  stoner sloth, 
  from what i can tell , the chinese side is relatively unscathed . 
  vacation practice as an undergrad is a really good deal . 
  getting experience , and getting paid for it , too . 
  heck , you do n't even have to stop once you reach the minimum required to graduate , just keep working . 
  sorry , 1.5 k is probably better than me . 
  hmm , i should probably calibrate to find out . 
  it was 70 minutes in , why are you still carrying a deso ? 
  a satanic allows you to blink , duel , then activate satanic to get back to full hp immediately after ( because there 's bound to be someone in melee range after you duel ), 
  since you went blink , weaver needed to go silver edge to stop spec ( and i guess tiny has his passive ), 
  i hope he still has the receipts, 
  in that case , they 'd fit right fucking in , would n't they ? 
  i thought much the opposite was true . 
  jungle * only * . 
  it was a ludicrous display . 
   also you ca n't account for what affect on behaviour the impending dt has on players when it comes to their decision to log in . 
  if i get to the computer and it 's close to downtime , i just play another game . 
  often , i do n't end up logging into eve at all that night . 
  lance on clinkz is so you outrange towers during the day . 
  obviously most useful if you disassemble later and reuse the parts for bkb and orchid/butterfly . 
  talon makes it a lot easier to kill medium and hard camp creeps . 
  once you have a stout shield you 're fine against smaller creeps , but the big ones cost you a lot of health without a talon to nuke them faster . 
  the talon is 200 ( quelling ) + 175 ( rop ) + 125 ( recipe ) so it has a high benefit-to-waste ratio . 
  how about a meandering , insular introspection on the malaise of suburban australian culture as it relates to a [ civilisation-ending meteorite ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/these_final_hours ) ? 
  does it do timers/notifications ? 
  my users keep pestering me for the ability to ping a channel with a certain message at a certain time . 
  also , the bird loves the new patrol command . 
  they did , but team security banned them . 
  oh , is that where the goalposts have moved to today ? 
  even that seems involved . 
  just put up buy orders on the market and the corp can buy ore without contracts . 
  you need to get laid, 
  just do n't pop avian trying, 
  at least you 're not thinking with your cock, 
  i 'd like to see what plans ccp has for tournament support .
