  give mid two tangas at the start of game . 
  any policies in particular ? 
  i ca n't speak for views , but not all of their policies are fiscally conservative ( e. g . their proposed changes to maternity leave ), 
  first , get an understanding of investment . 
  read the links on the sidebar and subreddit wiki , read the top posts of all time etc. 
  then work out what your emergency fund should be . 
  in your case , since your expenses are currently low , it can be hard to estimate , you 'll need at least enough to replace a laptop or phone immediately , but you might need even more ( like , cover the excess if your car gets hit , that kind of thing ), 
  then , you need to work out your risk profile . 
  you said you want conservative , but why ? 
  would you still be comfortable with half conservative , half growth ? 
  how about 30/70 ? 
  that ratio underpins what you invest in , but also * how much * you invest in any particular area . 
  then , you need to work out how much time you want to spend managing your investments , and what you 're willing to pay to avoid that time and effort . 
  if you want zero touch investment , then acorns is good . 
  if you want better returns but are willing to buy and sell shares in whole markets , the exchange traded funds might be more appropriate . 
  since you mentioned you were starting with a conservative outlook , it 's unlikely that you 'll delve too much further into active investment or speculation . 
  and it has ongoing costs . 
  so build slower , and fund * many * things at once . 
  fund hospitals, 
  bankroll scientists, 
  build rockets, 
  hand out micro loans, 
  set up non profit health insurance companies, 
  buy the amazon basin one acre at a time . 
  that 's not a particularly good sign . 
   should i focus more on growth or income ? 
  a classic conservative portfolio is 30 % growth , 70 % income . 
  classic balanced is 50/50, 
  classic growth is 70/30 , give or take . 
  high growth is probably 90/10 or so, 
  so , choose according to your comfort level . 
  as far as market allocation goes , i think a 40 % + exposure to non-australian markets is a prudent choice . 
  the domestic market is , charitably , 5 % of the world 's market cap , so if you want access to the success stories from around the world like alibaba , amazon , google , monsanto etc , then you are n't going to get them on the asx . 
  under lord and necro get value as well . 
  the necro book is for inside cogs . 
  no , that 's pretty accurate . 
  yes , but you get a tax credit equivalent to that paid by the company , so your net tax is probably very low . 
  this only applies to companies that are domiciled here . 
  foreign income is treated similarly but not exactly the same . 
  i 'd sell off vaf and vas and replace it with vhy . 
  income stream and exposure to australian market without bullshit 1 % ratio . 
  bonds are not in a good state right now . 
  high interest savings accounts are a good alternative up to 250k , but bonds are better if you have seriously large sums of money you need to park safely . 
  growth assets have better long term yield , but, 
  * they 're more volatile so they might not reflect the long term gains at a particular point in time, 
  * you do n't get a lot of actual money from them until you sell . 
  that 's why income assets are useful . 
  you might not get good returns , but you get dollars in your bank account , which you can live off if you 're retired , or reinvest , even if your growth assets are in a downturn . 
  well , there was this dot com thing a while back ... 
  putting extra into super is nice , but more important is checking whether you have a shit super fund or not . 
  diversification outside australia is good , and does n't require you to choose the right time . 
  if you decide to time the market , then yes , hoard cash instead of putting it into the market you consider to be vulnerable . 
  just remember that getting the timing right is difficult . 
  that 's why dollar cost averaging is a popular alternative to that . 
  so diversify further . 
  eurozone , us , maybe a bit in emerging markets ( which does n't include australia ) . 
  maybe the msci world ex-australia index is what you 're looking for . 
  too soon m8, 
  which reminds me , did n't mcsi add a bunch of large chinese companies to some popular indexes ? 
  a good technique is to treat it like a game . 
  i do n't mean do n't take it seriously , but remove the hurt and anger from the conversation . 
  it 's a bit like having an argument ; the first one to lose their cool *** loses *** . 
  some of the largest pay rises i 've ever seen happened as a result of this . 
  a friend had a job offer from a company and they called him back to negotiate the salary . 
  one of his mates grabbed the phone off him and pretended to be him , and ended up securing a $ 30k pay rise over what my friend was on at the time . 
  as he explained it later `` always be willing to walk away , and they could tell that i was willing to do that . '', 
  another good technique is to actually practice asking for more money . 
  if you leave it to once every few years , why would you expect to be experienced at it ? 
  and how upset would you be if you got knocked back , given the amount of time you spent without a raise ? 
  there 's a lot riding on it if you let it slide ... 
  i always ask for a pay rise each new financial year . 
  usually i get it , even if it 's tiny ; sometimes i do n't . 
  either way :, 
  * i keep in practice, 
  * i regularly make notes about what i 've achieved, 
  * my boss does n't get all upset at me asking because i do this every year, 
  * even if i only get a $ 10/week increase , that 's ten bucks more than if i did n't ask, 
  * i do n't get upset at being knocked back occasionally , because there 's always next year, 
  you get everything ; they just do n't * require * receipts for the first $ 300 you claim per year . 
  shared , but it 's only a tiny cd so it 's not really an issue . 
  i think 1.5 m is a point where a single person can relax . 
  either way , stay clear . 
  note that hedge funds get worse performance the bigger they get , which is why they tend not to be open access . 
  you doing anything for [ ti7 ] ( http://wiki.teamliquid.net/dota2/the_international/2017 ) like italian restaurants do for the world cup ? 
  or is it not that kind of lounge ? 
   try not to build dagon at all on nyx . 
  and for those who * do * build dagon , do n't upgrade it until after you are at least 3-slotted . 
  deso is nice but armlet is cheaper and does the same thing . 
  heck , a medallion would work and come online much faster . 
  at the end of the day , you build lc for tank , because blademail and duel mean the damage takes care of itself . 
  https://www.communities.qld.gov.au/communityservices/youth/youth-support-services ? 
  http://roaractive.com.au is a great program ; leaps ahead of grasshopper soccer etc. 
  you might be able to piggyback onto an after-school program run at a local girls ' school , or just choose a coed school that has a good gender ratio . 
  is that the guy from/r/bnestrong ? 
   the hassle of hiring from overseas is huge, 
  maybe the * first * time , but if your employer has an offshore partner , the hassle of bringing someone to australia that you 've worked with before is negligible ; usually a single phone call is enough to set the train in motion . 
   you 're prohibited from paying less than market rates, 
  in theory , sure . 
  in practice , the statutory minimums are absurdly low ( 53k for a software architect ? 
  please . ),
