  rip, 
  * does n't work vs damage-over-time abilities, 
  * does n't work vs sustained harassment since it does n't stack . 
  a raindrop will save you at most 120x5 = 600 health . 
  for the same price , you could bring along a couple of salves and heal 800 and still have the option to stack more salves . 
  * sometimes you just do n't have the slot for it , so you go with an aquila instead or whatever . 
  oh man , do n't make me resub * again * . 
  i was enjoying life . 
  casual wind lace is also good . 
  casual ring of health into vanguard is good . 
  still 10 levels fewer than if you 'd spent $ 26 on battle points directly . 
  i guess you trade the chance of rare drops against a guaranteed immortal chest ( assuming your battle pass is at a point where 10 levels = 1 chest ), 
  things you can recycle for extra battle pass levels . 
   finger bans, 
  ceiling cat protects your doge . 
  generally any time your team roams into the enemy jungle , someone should bring some wards along too . 
  often , that correlates to smoking . 
  there 's a subreddit for hard curves . 
  that 's just what he identifies as . 
  so i guess he 's 2 for 2 . 
  the problem is that in this meta , there are many heroes with  2.5 k health , and often they 're the ones you * need * to kill . 
  looks like the mods hid this ... 
  you also need to practice last-hitting under towers . 
  a rule of thumb is :, 
  * towers kill melee creeps in 6 hits, 
  * towers kill ranged creeps in 3 hits, 
  * towers kill catapults in 4 hits but 3 hits will almost kill it, 
  so , your rule of thumb is :, 
  * wait for 5 tower hits before last-hitting a melee creep ( if you do < 70 damage you need to first-hit , then wait 5 tower hits , then last-hit ), 
  * wait for 2 tower hits before last-hitting a ranged creep ( if you do < 80 damage you need to first-hit as well ), 
  * for catapults , you generally always need to pre-hit and wait for 3 tower hits, 
  obviously , if your lane creeps are hitting as well , then you need to adjust , but these rules of thumb will really help . 
  calibrate for ranked . 
  find out where you stand , even if you never play ranked again . 
  wait , you have to pay money ? 
  that 's something awful to contemplate . 
  til ec-300 drones did n't * already * have 100 % jam chance . 
  they have been writing poems like that for [ over 2200 years ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gushi_\\ ( poetry \\ ) ) . 
  you lose 0.2 sec status and get a 15 minute suspect timer , so they can retaliate and pants you back . 
  nonono , he 's a * praying * mantis . 
  he still gets down on his knees , but then things go differently . 
  truthy . 
  link ? 
  that 's a pretty easy thing to fix though . 
  besides the fact that many people in this sub recommend getting vts instead , there 's not much too much tax implications . 
  you get growth and income , and pay tax on it . 
  they send you a notice telling you what to put into your tax return , and maybe etax will have it pre filled . 
  yes , but i think vanguard sends you one that 's pre filled , so it 's not as bad as it sounds . 
  indirectly , yes . 
  the fund owns the shares then distributes the money to unit holders , according to the number of units they hold . 
  if you mean vts , it 's because it 's unhedged . 
  currency hedging adds to the expense ratio , and is seen as something you do n't need unless you 're relying on the income stream . 
   tax stuff the sand for this too ? 
  what ? 
  do you use oil ? 
  how about rare earth minerals for your smart phone ? 
  maybe you 're okay with other countries snapping up all the best deals to be had on the entire african continent . 
  just remember that others are not okay with it , and they are the ones calling the shots . 
  literally , in some cases . 
  not 100 % sure whether it 's sent to you , or whether you need to download it from them once you set up your online account , but yes , just fill in the fields they tell you to ( the field names should match up with this year 's tax returns ), 
  ah , you 're right . 
  in that case , i think it 's because of the management expense ratio , since vgs is 0.18 % p.a , but a 50/50 mix of veu and vts is half that . 
   pl is pretty weird . 
  although no aoe seems sweet but 1 bkb + mjollnir or veil can dismantle the hero as well . 
  battlefury also hurts , as does radiance . 
  on the plus side , he 's pretty good vs slark . 
  great on spirit breaker , then . 
  well , there 's always https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sell_in_may . 
  but yeah , anecdotally things get a bit volatile in june . 
  might be good , might be bad . 
  well , mana boots turn into octarine core so there 's that . 
  presumably they 'd be worse without it , then . 
  regardless , it still improved their performance . 
  nice . 
  state government gets to stick it to pay day lenders , nab gets to trial whatever micro loan system they have ( just like ubank trialled its new core banking platform ) and gets some good pr to boot . 
  ca n't ; too busy fucking new south wales . 
  settled by english with different accents to convicts . 
  i get knocked down, 
  then i get up again, 
  you 're never gon na keep me down, 
  does it deliver from z to n or the other way around ? 
  if you pick up a jungle creep with healing , you can safely skip tranquils . 
   after the cold war , these countries of the first world included member states of nato , u.s. - aligned states , neutral countries that were developed and industrialized , and the former british colonies that were considered developed . 
  it can be defined succinctly as europe , plus the richer countries of the former british empire ( usa , canada , australia , * singapore * , new zealand , south africa ) , japan , and south korea . 
  level 1 is * really * good value , even compared to last year . 
  but yes , there are some significant gaps in the level progression . 
  collector 's cache - do both . 
  i ca n't handle their yogurts though . 
  i 'd say abyssal over ac , too . 
  * damage block ( small though it is ) works on cleave , where ac 's armour does not, 
  * bashing is really good , so that 's a nice perk, 
  * a stun that pierces bkb is really good to waste bkb and/or satanic, 
  in this [ recent game of mine ] ( https://yasp.co/matches/2431111912 ) , our team identified that am was going to wreck us ( and he really started to snowball ! ), 
  so we all prioritised abyssal and chain-stunned him out of each fight . 
  no , but pl is a melee agility hero so it will happen sooner or later . 
  that 's also why pl prefers satanic to heart in many cases , since you can constantly heal up in combat , which keeps the health of your illusions up as well , and you have a reset button as well . 
  vs sven , it can be a problem , since he will stun you and all your illusions at the same time , but in general , your illusions make it really difficult to be disabled . 
  notice that they buffed level 1 passive and buffed her q ? 
  even le frog hates the 044 build . 
  well he 's tougher now , so there 's that,
