  iceland has no military . 
  it does have the mountain though . 
  on balance , probably not a good idea . 
  front or back end ? 
  java has heaps of back end platforms or app servers . 
  however , they all tend to follow the java ee standard so it 's rarely an issue which one you use . 
  on the heavy end you have full app servers like jboss and weblogic which have all in one solutions for cluster management etc. 
  then you drop down into smaller platforms like spring offers . 
  spring started out as ` java ee without all the unnecessary bullshit ' but it has branched out into a full pluggable ecosystem . 
  then you go even smaller , where you just deploy java code into a heterogeneous serverless cloud stack . 
  use java where you need to ( java libraries are really good for some things ) , or use other languages for other parts of the stack . 
  serverless aws is a really fun thing to work in . 
  check it out . 
   funding should n't be equal for all parties - then the raving loony party gets the same funding as the alp or lnp . 
  the current setup is that you get a certain amount of money for each primary vote you get . 
  this just needs to be expanded . 
  pretty hard if you 're just starting a political party , but once you bootstrap then you should be ok . 
  they 're unlikely to let you emigrate . 
  that would make me more likely to strike , not less . 
  why not ih ? 
  non-denominational terribleness . 
  * every one * of the weird things in the handmaid 's tale were lifted from historical practices ( some were only done by cults ; others were widespread ), 
  only if you have an anz account , i guess . 
  same with nab trade . 
  my backup plan is to just wander around chinatown with a picture of it , asking random passers-by . 
  * only the profit counts as income . 
  you will pay $ 30 tax and keep $ 70 . 
  * if you rent the house at $ 400 , you will get a tax deduction , but you will still need to pitch in $ 100 , so you 're better off being positive geared . 
  negative gearing makes it * less worse * but it 's still losing money . 
  that 's correct . 
  if your house appreciates in value, 
  * you pay zero tax on that until you sell it, 
  * when you do sell it , you get a 50 % capital gains tax discount . 
  ( or pay zero tax if it 's your principal place of residence ), 
  ff points are very rarely worth it . 
  just get a zero-fees credit card and leave it at that if you want one for online purchases or whatever . 
  my wife refuses to let me into the kitchen to make it , ever since the incident . 
  there used to be a place that sold this stuff in the food court outside the cinema but i never got to try it before it shut . 
  i can neither confirm nor deny the occurrence of kitchen based catastrophes at my home . 
  their fees are actually fairly reasonable though . 
  tldr no, 
  maybe in the * us * . 
  how does the performance compare to one of the solidly big funds like australian super ? 
  idk , there 's quite a few super comparison sites out there . 
  canstar is one , but check out a few . 
   this has been no more noticeable than in avz , where every bit of information was somehow construed to be positive regardless of whether it was bad or meaningless . 
  this is good for bitcoin ^ tm, 
  if a bank lends you money for a house and you ca n't afford the repayments , it takes the house and sells it to get its money back . 
  business loans are inherently more risky , because it 's a lot harder to sell a business than a house , and it 's a lot easier to fuck up a business beyond repair . 
  accumulate an emergency fund . 
  like , enough to replace a phone , laptop , pay car repairs , short-notice trip to melbourne etc. 
  sure you can use credit , but then a month later you might be fucked without savings . 
  acorns might work for this . 
  work out what your next big purchase will be . 
  maybe a trip to the us . 
  maybe a house . 
  idk . 
  that 's up to you . 
  set a date that you want it by , then budget enough money each month to reach it . 
  this money needs to go into short-term investments like high-interest savings accounts , because you ca n't afford to ride out market downturns because you 're on a clock . 
  if you have money left over ( i.e. 
  saving for a small goal , not a huge one like a house ) , then that can go into long-term investments . 
  thats where everyone recommends lics and etfs and managed funds and stuff - investments where you really do n't care what happens in the next x months or years ; you care about the * average * return . 
  i met a lot of new people at the gym this year . 
  idk , choose something that you enjoy and you 'll soon meet a bunch of people who enjoy the same thing . 
  well now i do n't know * who * to believe, 
  it seems to be a right thing to attempt to use terms from the left as some kind of false flag attempt bullshit . 
  just like half the people who refer to themselves as goys are actually anti semitic . 
  i mean , who would expect that on / r/australia, 
  well , there is that rumor about pineapple juice . . 
  i put them in sideways , so one side is always accessible . 
  yes . 
  then add bounties to rat out neighbours . 
  well you got ta admit it was a low-effort comment . 
  $ 50 is a cheap price to learn that lesson . 
  how you think about a sum of money is determined by the amount of effort you need to accumulate it . 
  a thousand bucks is a lot of money if you do n't have a job , but if you 're on a decent income you might be putting away that much a week after expenses . 
  so your investment options are also determined by both the sum and any extra you put in in the future . 
  etfs are efficient investments but only if you buy in multi thousand dollar parcels at a time . 
  something like acorns or rate setter is better when you have the odd tenner to put in , but their performance is a bit lower . 
  and something like mutual funds are in between , usually with $ 100 minimum top ups . 
  sounds like the description of a nancy a vid . 
  nasa uses commercial launch companies . 
  it does n't have to be all in house . 
  heck maybe they just oversee the operations . 
  being able to launch east over water is a nice bonus . 
  [ soorley ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jim_soorley ), 
  i do n't buy it . 
  people are * shithouse * at negotiating . 
  that 's why companies employ professional negotiators . 
  having a union means they have professional negotiators too , and the threat of industrial action ( to counter the threat of dismissal ), 
  i do n't think a 20 % bonds allocation is worth it for a $ 5k total parcel . 
  personally , i do n't buy into any index at less than $ 5k , which means i would n't pick up bonds until i went from 20k -  25k . 
  ( assuming i agreed with 20 % bonds ratio , which is a personal choice ), 
  except there 's more calories in one of those things than 10 slices of pizza . 
  such a snowflake ... 
  i went through this at onboarding at my current job . 
  basically it boiled down to, 
  * even if it 's not public , someone may find it, 
  * if someone does find it and complains , you will own the consequences,
