  selling ore is now a thing . 
  the assembly array is a big freaking deal , but besides that , all tower arrays are 2 % material discount so that 's nice . 
  in addition , intensive refining arrays can only be deployed outside of high sec , and are better than highsec stations or highsec refining arrays . 
  wait , you ca n't afford thirteen million isk for a thukker assembly array ? 
  / r/eve is just fantasy . 
  i gave you 15 minutes , op . 
  no escape from / r/fappening, 
  helicopters ca n't get in or out fast enough , they can loiter as long as it 's safe , but they ca n't hang around if there 's ground air missiles . 
  drones are okay but need to be in position already , because they 're still slow . 
  planes can get in quick , drop ordnance and get out , which is a bit wasteful in effort compared to an a10 but is situationally preferable . 
  technically it 's a bomb ute , not a bomb truck . 
  liberal party just does it behind closed doors . 
  it 's a relic of the socialist days . 
  that was a thing once . 
  apparently the 100 graphics cards evaporated in a sea of people throwing plex at them . 
  mine looks like my wife , except i could n't model the look of disapproval . 
  it 's 2015 in eve time , and that 's the only time that matters . 
  90 % of all australians live on the coast , but you may not be able to find a visa for a capital city . 
  however , somewhere coastal but regional like cairns might show promise . 
  you can make effort to let your descendents live in a better place , but you ca n't choose your ancestors . 
  that 's not particularly highly ranked . 
  explain . 
  show your working . 
  no it was n't . 
  it 's two ranks below captain . 
  lieutenant commander was not a rank in those days , so you 'd have lieutenants spanning the gamut of ` just above midshipman ' to ` captains a ship of less that 20 guns ', 
  the shield resistance rigs are quite cheap . 
  / r/evetech might help further . 
  what exactly are you hoping to achieve by asking for api keys ? 
  it helps to know your goals . 
  ok , so api keys are used for two main things . 
  * auditing of characters to check that the new guy is actually vaguely legit, 
  * authorisation of characters so the get automatic access to forums , jabber , team speak etc and get removed if they then leave your corp. 
  i know an open source project that will do both , if you 're up for that . 
  oh yeah , and there 's the other use , where you input your own key into a trading program and it provides reports about your business or your phone app lets you know when you have eve mail etc. 
  we 're not talking about them . 
  little known fact : beattie once got arrested at a protest against joh , and decided to get into politics while he was cooling off in a cell . 
  pop all the buildings in the sites as well . 
  they count for the index . 
  which mission name is it ? 
  what 's your merlin fit with ? 
  you can tell you 've lost sync by typing into a chat channel . 
  if you ca n't type two messages in a row , it 's time to re log . 
  ... until you cancelled your key . 
  hmm ok . merlins give shield resistance bonuses so the hull and armour repairers are not optimal , same for the plating . 
  you need to fit shield resistance modules instead , to make the shield booster more effective . 
  in the low slots you can fit a damage control and a magnetic field stabiliser to increase hybrid weapon damage , or a tracking enhancer to make the rail guns hit more accurately . 
  do you have any missile skills ? 
  you may find the kestrel to be a better way to fly if so . 
  alternatively , upgrade to a destroyer or cruiser ? 
  fyi, 
  check out some fits on eve university wiki , they might have some you could gain some insight from . 
  it 's already quite a thing in perth . 
  when men outnumber women 13:1 ( actual stats ) in places like port hedland , that leaves a deficit in the nearest capital city . 
  try eve time code dot com or similar resellers ? 
  we 're so behind the times we 're still waiting for the gfc to hit . 
  however , 50-man mackinaw fleets is still fine , since you can spam f1/f2/tab fifty times to lock onto that ice , then use fleet warp to move them around . 
  it 's just that stuff that 's time-critical like combat is now much harder to multi box , which is where most of the whining occurs . 
  autz represent, 
  edit : oh shit i have a timer to defend . 
  fuck , got ta login now . 
  thanks for reminding me . 
  that 's why you mine in low-sec already at 75 % warp speed and pointed in the right direction . 
  from a business perspective , the deal is n't done until it 's signed , so doing what you can to convert them to a sale is good business . 
  should have named it after harold holt , as is traditional . 
  then they should be concerned about kosher rather than halal . 
  except cookie monster . 
  that shit 's horrifying . 
  check out http://eve-industry.org/calc/, 
  normal arrays are 0.98 multiplier , thukker is 0.9 for cap components only . 
  no idea where you 're getting 0.85 from . 
  thukker component array is pretty fucking impressive , regardless . 
  good question . 
  sounds possible to do in flask and python , then deployed to heroku so it can be a web app . 
  to be honest , a probe + probe launcher , 2 gravity capacitor upgrades as rigs , and a mobile depot to swap between scanning modules to scan down hard sites , and hacking modules is all you need . 
  it 's hard to fuck up since it 's not even a combat fit . 
  it 's much of a muchness really . 
  yeah , seems possible . 
  have a text area that you post stuff in , then it updates an area on the page with what it thinks the html will be ( which your browser will show as usual ) . 
  you might even be able to do it in javascript . 
  the extra mid slot is useful , true . 
  the probe does have extra low slot though , which you can fit for agility , or add a warp core stabiliser . 
  yes , each level of racial frigate affects its corresponding scanning ship like so :, 
  * 7.5 % bonus to core and combat scanner probe strength, 
  * 5 % reduction in salvager duration, 
  and all tech 1 exploration ships have this flat role bonus :, 
  * 5 + bonus to relic and data analyzer virus strength, 
  an example fit for a heron would be :, 
  [ heron , exploration ], 
  core probe launcher i, 
  improved cloaking device ii, 
  limited 1mn microwarpdrive i, 
  data analyzer i, 
  relic analyzer i, 
  scoped cargo scanner, 
  scan rangefinding array i, 
  damage control ii, 
  nanofiber internal structure ii, 
  small gravity capacitor upgrade i, 
  small gravity capacitor upgrade i,
