  if it were part of a quest tree like the battle pass quests , a lot of new players would do it . 
  yeah , but a hard or unfair bot will * wipe the floor * with a new player . 
  even a standard bot will give them a good challenge , as stupid as they are . 
  apis : so hot right now . 
  robots like chatbots , or robotics like `` does this look like a no-touch claim or nah '' or `` this repair should cost $ x '' ? 
  cool, 
  you can afford the brokerage yourself . 
  i learned that you can cast huskars heal in the middle of his ultimate . 
  many super funds have their own wrap offerings , although with more limited choice over which stocks and funds to invest in . 
  check out sun super . 
  yeah , although you do n't * have to * shift queue - he can use items during leap . 
  however , if you have medallion , try to use it * before * life break , since it dispels the debuff on you when you ult . 
  no downside , all upside , 
  they 're robes , but i 'll allow it . 
  is the next step `` stab yourself and [ blame it on counter protesters ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/aug/28/neo-nazi-stabbing-fake-colorado-joshua-witt ) '' ? 
  australia benefited from the post war migration of italians to build the snowy river hydro scheme ( and because italy had been bombed to shit ) . 
  they know how to make a good espresso . 
  personally i 'd lock combining the blight stone until the mid t1 is down , * then * make the medallion to go hunting with . 
  broken clock etc, 
  then she should try getting vaccinated in her arm instead of her bottom . 
  the perils of being edgy . 
  unions exist to serve their members . 
  from time to time , this spills into ` fuck you , i got mine ' mentality . 
  why would you be hoist on one , though ? 
  so give the money back as soon as you can ... 
  poe 's law strikes again, 
  `` this is a priceless artifact ! '', 
  '' ... so it 's free ? '', 
  although lead solder is hard to get made these days . 
  there 's a few fabs in california that do it , but none in australia iirc . 
  maybe the first one or two times , but it adds up . 
  now imagine * doubling * that to haul coal or iron ore from a mine . 
  that 's why they 're short on drivers . 
  when two dollars love each other * very * much ... 
  ironically , while trucks are more difficult to automate than trains , the liability issues are much less because most trucks never leave the mine site . 
  the issues around safety on the rail line between mine and port are a bit more murky , so i expect the other miners to be a bit slower in their rollout . 
  i see what you mean . 
  there 's a countdown on being in corrections ; sooner or later you got ta leave before it affects your personality . 
  then pop bkb, 
  well , rice stores and ships pretty well . 
  2v2 is pretty hard to zone both out . 
  you can try to run them out of regen or mana or both , which makes them much less effective at least until shrines activate at 5 minutes . 
  alternatively , try to give you and your carry so much sustain that they do n't get anything . 
  witch doctor can sustain as well as go on the offensive , and cask punishes tower dives . 
  warlock has mad sustain which can be used offensively too . 
  not so good with killing until he has his ultimate , though . 
  this guy numbs . 
  getting a job in construction is probably less of an issue . 
  the problem is getting a visa off construction work . 
  what do you have already ? 
  if he trusts you to manage the family 's money , then maybe it 's best that he gives you a fair chunk of it at each pay cycle and is free to spend the rest on whatever he wants . 
  frankly , if you have a mortgage , then your offset account becomes your emergency fund as well as investment option . 
  you only need to look elsewhere for investing after you can comfortably put in double the minimum repayments and still have some left over . 
  ( paul clitheroe recommends repaying no more than double the minimum for optimal savings vs living balance ), 
  okay , then i suggest a diversified approach . 
  invest domestically , as well as international stuff . 
  lics are good , but some passive stuff like index funds are a great way to de risk a big chunk of your portfolio from humans running funds making poor investment choices . 
  korma is spicier . 
   when you say as well as an investment option , what do you mean exactly . 
  well , money you put in your offset account saves you at least 4 % , which since it 's tax free , is equivalent to a 6 % gain pre-tax . 
  it 's not * outrageous * returns , but it 's a zero-risk way to increase your net worth a decent amount while keeping that money available to you to withdraw at short notice , unlike many other investment types where you 'd have to sell stuff to get the money out . 
  remember , you do n't have to go overboard - you can say `` we 'll put most of our focus on the mortgage , but we 'll dip our toes into other investments using the rest '' . 
  acorns is a great place to start investing in the stock market . 
  you may eventually outgrow it and look for more sophisticated investments , or maybe the same kind of thing but with lower fees . 
  in the meantime , it can work out . 
  personally , focused on getting the mortgage down to < 100k , then eased off the pedal and started investigating the next steps . 
   risk averse, 
  wait what, 
  hedging costs extra , so i choose not to . 
  you ca n't trust the supply chain . 
  shit gets substituted with knock offs at the docks , or in the truck , or at the store . 
  the boxes record each breathing event , so you can see whether they work or not after a single night 's sleep . 
   do we need to single out everyone specifically ? 
  well , sometimes you have to advertise that you 're accepting of groups that a lot of other people * do n't * accept . 
  if people discriminated against bald people to the same level as they discriminate against queer folk , then maybe they 'd get a shout out too . 
  it 's a much better sideboard card imo . 
  you 're really taking this personally . 
  maybe ring them up and ask them to put you on the list . 
  slightly disappointed at the lack of hula hoop, 
  if rural australia in the 60s was anything like it is now , then they just drove in the middle of the road anyway . 
  a what ? 
  well , arms manufacturers are generally pretty bullish . 
  there 's not really much correlation otherwise . 
  from what i 've read , it 's more about volatility rising under tensions and dropping once military action starts . 
  i always put certain items in the same spot . 
  z is for heals , wand or ghost scepter , x is for self cast stuff like euls , glimmer , force staff or blademail , c and v is for enemy cast like medallion , atos , blink , b is for boots and n is for teleport . 
  yeah , they 're usually only a dollar or two . 
  like minimum wage laws . 
  as chris rock said, 
   i used to work at mcdonald 's making minimum wage . 
  you know what that means when someone pays you minimum wage ? 
  you know what your boss was trying to say ? 
  `` hey if i could pay you less , i would , but it 's * against the law * . 
  i went along the gary highway once . 
  30km top speed due to corrugation , stop every 20km to clear spinifex out of the undercarriage . 
  worst highway ever . 
   commended for : friendly . 
  message : btw kill urself, 
  read books about office politics . 
  even if you choose not to be evil about it , if you do n't play office politics when others do , you will * lose * at office politics .
