  explain to me how you would be ` fucked up ' if legislation were introduced so 457 visa holders would be paid , let 's say a minimum of 90 % of the going rate for their job . 
  looks like it 's already legislation , 
  i guess enforcement will be the issue ... 
  from what i understand , the first 3 months of the charity subscription go to them , the next 9-15 months go to their employer , and only after that does the charity actually get anything . 
  we just do n't know the correct pl build yet , especially in conjunction with the new map changes . 
  some things that i think players will change to over the next month are :, 
  * mandatory bottle, 
  * treads over bot, 
  * no diffusal rush, 
  * butterfly over manta ( due to illusion attack speed changes ), 
  * early aghs ( like mirana ), 
  if you see a stock rise 10 % and sell , how will you feel when it goes up another 10 % next year ? 
  a stock like vgs is so diversified that you 're actually saying `` wow , the world 's economy is looking good . 
  clearly i should sell because it will never get better than this '' . 
  that does * not * sound like, 
   my goal with investing is long term, 
   spend rest on hoes, 
   cut up that cc !, 
  do * not * get those mixed up . 
  but seriously . 
  look at your last credit card bill . 
  look at the interest charges alone . 
  that 's how much you will save every month , and i suggest setting up an automatic transfer of that amount into a separate high-interest savings account , to grow that lump sum back to $ 20k . 
  lmao, 
  illusions now share + attackspeed , so mjolnir might be a pretty good thing for pl . 
  * high interest savings account is where you store your cash reserves, 
  * if you have more cash reserves than you need to live on for a few months ( aka 'em ergency fund ' ) , then you can start investing . 
  lots of people like index funds for their first steps into investing , because while the returns may not be spectacular , they 're also less likely to completely tank due to diversification ( or more correctly , when they tank , the market as a whole has tanked ) . 
  but they 're also vehemently opposed to the mainland government . 
  luna likes to stack ancients as well , so there 's that . 
  i 'm not even sure whether he 's a carry any more . 
  that 's what the charities sign up for . 
  chop it into one yt video per match ? 
   so what does this all mean ? 
  it means that aghs is mostly just a farming item . 
  so why not get a maelstrom + talisman for the same amount of gold ? 
  that 's why butterfly is a much better pickup now . 
  it 's not just 35 agility and 35 % evasion ; it 's now +30 ias as well . 
  before the change , getting stats was better than ias ( when illusions are about half of your total damage , it 's best to spend your gold on the items that boost you + them instead of just you ) , although i guess since illusions crit , daedalus was always an option . 
  now , ias boots illusion dps as well as ramps up the number of illusions you spawn , so maybe a moon shard or mjolnir is now worth it . 
  once you get back to 20k , you can then invest 5-10k and work your way up to 20k again . 
  idk , what * is * the entire point of streaming that yt vods are missing ? 
  i mean , we already know how bullshit time-locked content is ; that 's why the vcr was invented decades ago . 
  i have no desire to interact with someone playing a game , not least because i also do n't want to watch 100 other arseholes on twitch spam their braindead emotes in a pathetic display of attention-seeking . 
  i just want to watch someone play a game . 
  i do n't want to build a fucking * rapport * . 
  i have a serious case of [ poe 's law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poe's_law ) right now . 
  tried it in a bot match . 
  holy shit . 
   australia has double tax agreements ( dta ) to prevent this exact scenario, 
  that does n't solve this . 
  it solves vts , because the income is us-domiciled ( the fund is in the us , and the income is from the us ) . 
  for veu , the income is foreign * from the us perspective * ( us fund but european income ) , so not all of the tax can be credited ( just like op mentioned ), 
  incidentally , this is why i hold vgs instead of vts/veu split . 
  the mer is slightly higher , but when you take into account the lowered returns from veu , it 's basically the same total return . 
  respawn timer seems to be for the splitpush play style . 
  push lane , get mad chip damage on a tower , if you get caught , oh well , you 're back in 30 seconds . 
  you have to weigh up how much you get for renting vs buying . 
  say your rent is $ 500/week . 
  that 's the * minimum * interest repayments of a $ 400k loan . 
  think about what kind of flat you 'd be able to purchase with $ 400k ( a literal cardboard box ) vs what kind of flat you could rent for that amount of money . 
  sure , at the end of 30 years you would own that cardboard box , but you 'd have paid about $ 750k all up because of interest . 
  so , sometimes renting is okay . 
  as far as budgeting goes , i think a year 's subscription to https://www.youneedabudget.com is $ 50 ( probably tax deductible ) and is money well spent . 
  it 's one way to see below the [ thermocline of truth ] ( http://brucefwebster.com/2008/04/15/the-wetware-crisis-the-themocline-of-truth/ ) . 
   or they are just cunts . 
  is echo back on the menu , or do you just pick up a hyperstone after armlet , en route to ac ? 
  correct . 
  aghs is a big farm boost , but ultimately pl deals no damage so it 's just prolonging the inevitable fall-off . 
  so you countered him just as much as he countered you . 
  that 's cool . 
  tbh i 'd put a surcharge onto my daily rate if i had to work in the public service . 
  [ how difficult is that ? 
  laughing at the misplays of others is at least 80 % of what dota is about . 
  not even once . 
  copyright laws , allegedly . 
  i mean , when you find * your * user manual in some other company 's product , you start getting suspicious . 
  the vs a. 
  i play my cards right . 
  wait , they get the * monkey magic * actor for his voice ? 
  also good to roshan with . 
  sincerity is the key . 
  once you can fake that , you 've got it made . 
  does it come in remy flavour ? 
  you forgot hula hoops . 
  why ? 
  after you cast , you can then send them all at a single target . 
  check out north west australia . 
  lake argyle has opened some prime farm land in an unexpected part of the country . 
  can always dominate their siege creeps to push while you are in another lane . 
  there are bank jobs in brisbane , if not , there are a couple fin tech start ups around . 
  his remote mines give better vision . 
  besides posting on the internet ? 
  you can charge by targeting someone on the mini map though . 
  try in a lobby . 
  it might snap to the nearest enemy , prioritising heroes . 
  settle down gina, 
  thanks for the inspiration . 
  i have been saving `` whatever percent '' instead of aiming for an actual set amount if my income . 
  i think its time to put up a number and stick to it .
