  why not weekend battle cups ? 
  tiers 1-3 are pretty scrubby . 
  that 's what i gather , anyway . 
  it 's all about trustworthiness . 
  once you can fake * that * , you 've got it made . 
  etfs are what those funds buy with your money . 
  you can buy gift vouchers . 
  they let you enter once , in order to spend it , so if you only go there occasionally , get someone to buy one for you . 
  many people do this . 
  it 's a fine strategy . 
  that 's not normal . 
  you should get your tits checked out . 
  ok real talk : are you willing to wear the arguments with your partner if she does n't like the returns or does n't understand the process ? 
  if not , then i strongly suggest pointing her to a retail fund that will handle it all for her . 
  vg , blackrock etc all have offerings where she can say `` i want a growth portfolio '' and it 's as simple as putting the money in each fortnight . 
  a happy home is worth a tiny bit of margin . 
  on your end , you 're clearly going for a diy approach . 
  i think the vts pick is a bit strange - vgs is something like 40 % us anyway . 
  i would expect a minor share like 10 % to be put into small caps or emerging markets or something instead of going overweight in the us at the expense of diversification . 
  veu also has a big overlap with vgs and a small overlap with vge . 
  maybe vge or an equivalent emerging markets fund from someone else is a good fit for that 10 % . 
   it was literally designed to give smaller states more power . 
  i think you mean the senate . 
  the lower house 's problem is that the number of members is called at 538 ; without that distortion , it would be much more representative of the population of each state . 
  helisexuals are in the expanded list . 
  and note that a 60 % + win rate is * really good * . 
  you have a positive win rate . 
  switch to ranked only when you 're frustrated with normal games being too casual . 
  anything up to a couple of thousand a week , so yes ? 
  it 's mild steel wrapping polystyrene , so once it gets going , it spreads up and sideways , melts downwards , and radiates heat back into the building . 
  it 's possible that they change the australian standard to prohibit polystyrene filler and mandate other foams instead . 
  that 's a lot easier to check . 
  step 1 : be chinese or speak chinese fluently, 
  step 2 : have a personal , trusted relationship with lots of people in china, 
  step 3 : charge them to send them stuff direct from australia because chinese shops and customs officers can not be trusted . 
  figured . 
  thanks . 
  well , there 's dispute about whether he [ really wrote that ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paul_the_apostle#views_on_homosexuality ) , but in general , yes , paul * was * a bit of a dick , and his writings accelerated the split between judaism and christianity . 
  most of the `` no women in the clergy '' stuff was his . 
  you can adjust the urls to show context . 
  look up the components of some popular managed funds and see what percentage they devote to emerging markets . 
  wait , you can upload a csv of transactions to pocketbook without needing bank account access . 
  pls no, 
  so , if your natural habitat is reddit , then look on ok cupid ? 
  it 's on computer share . 
  they will send you a letter and email as well . 
  unpopular opinions make you unpopular . 
  who knew . 
  elvis operator best operator, 
  to be fair , that was tai chi - a soft style , both figuratively and literally . 
  at least the hard styles know how to throw a punch . 
  ( lobbying ), 
  yes . 
  why would they not ? 
  i bought some plastic crates that fold flat for storage . 
  they 're awesome . 
  depends on the lane . 
  if you 're against a support with expensive debuffs like warlock , or you find yourself needing to get cs with your q because the lane is just too hard , a soul ring is a great pickup . 
  ^ discovered himself, 
  obviously that 's a us site , so the ratios would be different than what we 'd choose , but the idea is the same : buy into 3 markets , probably using index funds , and keep the ratios on track . 
  if the ratios become unbalanced , then you either shore up the cheaper two , or sell some of the overperforming one . 
  you decide to buy some shares in , i dunno , cba, 
  you login and use your broker to buy the shares, 
  broker makes the trade and takes your money, 
  the company that holds the share records for cba makes a note that you now own those shares , because your broker uses the chess system . 
  from then on , your broker does n't have to worry about tax file numbers or sending annual reports to you or updating addresses , since that 's handled by the company in step 4 . 
  the company in step 4 is either computershare or link market services . 
  ( if your broker is * not * chess sponsored , then the * broker * buys the shares and puts a note in its internal database that you own them . 
  this is fine until the broker goes bust , then it gets less fine ), 
  pretty weak . 
  well , while you 're deciding , make sure you 're in a * good * high interest savings account . 
  a 1 % difference in interest on 120k is close to $ 100/month ... 
  release the crack in . 
  yeah but you can break a lease if you need to . 
  stamp duty will probably apply to the entire 1.5 m price , because the sell price is so different from assessed value . 
  well in that case , stamp duty might be a non-issue . 
  a bit worried about other side-effects though - like your dad being assessed as giving you a $ 350k gift or something . 
  one would hope they fare better than that tai chi guy ... 
  it will affect the givers eligibility for pensions and stuff ; the gift counts as their asset for the next five years . 
  i imagine so . 
  actually i 'm buying shares in a mutual fund , not vanguard itself, 
  download the memrise app to learn a language . 
  for a super dark interpretation of office politics , search for the gervais principle . 
  the essay series has shout outs to important books on the subject , usually while mentioning how naive they are . 
  but a melbournian and a brisbanite sound really similar . 
  well yeah , but i 'm australian so i do that for everything . 
  or dyeing their fedora black and typing using two keyboards ? 
  some people just like roleplaying as [ this guy ] ( http://s3.crackedcdn.com/phpimages/article/3/3/1/54331.jpg ) . 
   i could obviously make a new account myself to play on , but then i would just be a part of the problem . 
  so coach them instead . 
  you might not see any real benefits from hedging so vgad might not be worth it over vgs . 
  i do n't see any major problems though ; just go for it then reassess every year or so . 
  have you considered a service that invests in your name , like acorns or stock spot or one of vanguards retail mutual funds ? 
  those things are a lot more attractive for a first investment , imo . 
  virtue signalling is a real term . 
  not applicable here tho . 
  ok , so from what i 've read :, 
  * same rules for both taxis and ubers, 
  * three models of cameras are ` approved ', 
  * unapproved cameras must be outwards-facing and not have inwards video or audio,
