  do n't forget that employers pay an additional 9.5 % into an aussie worker 's retirement fund , which is n't reflected in the comparison . 
  and hard-fought socialist stuff like 4 weeks annual leave included in the pay also tips the balance further in favour of australia . 
  lean in it is super easy . 
  it 's just a sideways step from agile . 
  part-timers are pro-rated down , but are otherwise the same . 
  casuals usually get more pay at the expense of overtime or ` usual hours ' exemptions . 
  contractors are contentious - there are consultant-type contractors who are usually fine , and then there 's the working-class contract staff that the government is less indulgent of . 
  i use smokes all the time . 
  i mean , i do n't know when to use them , but i use them . 
  enforcement is often the difficult bit . 
  since you guys go through larger quantities , why not try some of the premium casks ? 
  if i were a seller , and thought i could get away with bumping the price , yeah , totally . 
  em is risky as hell , that 's why . 
  venezuela was going fine , then chavez went full communism and things went sideways . 
  china is doing exceptionally well , but there have been persistent rumours that companies have been cooking the books and the economy is a lot more shaky than it looks . 
  and that 's ignoring outbreaks of war . 
  in the good years , it 's good ; in the bad years , it can be terrible . 
  insurance bonds are great if you 're in the top tax bracket , but get worse if you 're on a lower bracket . 
  they have to pay 30 % company tax and they do n't get capital gains discount when you cash them out . 
  in return , it 's tax-free on * your * end during the term , and when you cash out . 
  it 's ideal for people who plan to earn high incomes for the entire term of the bond , and still be earning a lot when they 're cashed out . 
  if that 's not true , there are probably better vehicles . 
  yes , gearing for shares works the same as gearing for property . 
  property has a few advantages ( you can claim depreciation on investment properties ) and a few disadvantages ( it does * actually * cost you money for the upkeep on property ) . 
  shares are a lot more flexible , since they have no upkeep , you always know the exact value of your shares , and you get a mix of income and growth according to whatever your asset mix is . 
  one additional advantage of gearing for shares is you can do it for any sum you want , instead of huge chunks of money like a home loan . 
  wait wait wait , you guys have fuck-off cyclones all the time . 
  just not down perth way . 
   cassowaries look terrifying too , but i think i heard that only one person has died to one . 
  that 's because they 're * rare * , not because they 're * safe * . 
  those fuckers can put a hole through the door of a landcruiser . 
  australian here . 
  what 's that white stuff, 
  we spell it ` aussie ' but we * pronounce * it ozzie . 
  mine too !, 
  maybe we have the same wife . 
  god * damn * that 's comprehensive . 
  yeah , they can be , but there 's a few different types . 
  * actively-managed funds have people ( or computers ) pick which stocks will go up , and avoid stocks likely to go down . 
  * passively-managed funds set ratios , like ' 35 % goes into the australian etf , 40 % goes into the international etf , 10 % cash ' etc etc, 
  active funds can do really well in the short term , but history has proven that they all return to the average sooner or later ( usually sooner ), 
  passive funds never do better than the rest of the market ; in fact , they 're designed to do exactly the same as the market as a whole . 
  you can get passive managed funds - vanguard has a series of retail funds that basically just buy their own etfs . 
  they 're good if you want to do small , regular payments and not have to worry about buying big chunks of shares at a time . 
  most people on this subreddit prefer to invest directly into etfs , which usually means infrequent , large chunks of shares instead . 
  etfs are more efficient for larger sums, 
  if you already have acorns , maybe you can use it as a place to put regular investments , then withdraw a big chunk and put it into an etf a couple of times a year . 
  to be honest , i 'd take out a new credit card with an interest-free balance transfer from the old card , then cut up the old one . 
  that gives you a breather for 6-12 months or whatever . 
  however , you might want to look at bumping up the repayments , because 8k is 2.6 times your original loan balance . 
  ideally you 'd bump up the repayments by 2.6 x but i understand that can be difficult . 
  it 's an older meme , but it checks out . 
  to be fair , that 's very similar to taking out a loan for an investment property . 
  * you put down a $ 100k deposit, 
  * take out a 400k loan, 
  * you now get the capital gains + rent on a 500k property instead of the 100k of cash you had, 
  the major difference is what happens when the market goes south . 
  if it 's a property , then as long as you keep paying you 're probably fine , but as soon as you stop paying then you risk the bank selling your property on you . 
  in the case of a margin loan , you have * at best 3 days * to come up with enough money , or alternatively sell a bunch of your shares to bring the lvr below 70 % or whatever the cap is . 
  we just tell them that to get them into bed with us . 
  in the us , a fanny is someone 's bottom . 
  in commonwealth countries , it 's someone 's front bottom . 
  is n't gofundme their version of healthcare ? 
  on the other hand , it spreads out low-income families to prevent ghettos forming , like in us cities . 
  so do it remotely , or let a computer pilot it . 
  yeah . 
  she got kicked from ghostbusters because of the magazine thing , so there 's a fairly strong case that she lost a chunk of pay . 
  humble brags are still brags dude, 
  yeah , but kung fu panda does * incredibly * well in china , which more than makes up for that . 
  you 've [ convinced me . 
  ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/qdmqa2osphjwy/giphy.gif ), 
  popular movies get bigger budgets, 
  and, 
  famous actors get a percentage of the gross, 
  enhance, 
  mutual funds work quite well for stuff like small caps , where shrewd choices can avoid a lot of pitfalls . 
  i would n't * start * in the small cap sector though . 
  small caps are usually only a small part of a normal portfolio , so you 're basically going all-in on a niche market . 
  if shit hits the fan , a lot of new investors get spooked and ditch the whole idea , then miss out on opportunities for the next however many years it takes them to get their courage back . 
  some of the largest mutual funds in australia follow a fairly simple ratio :, 
  * 40 % international shares ( the bulk of it in the developed world ), 
  * 35 % australian shares ( the bulk of it in the asx300 ), 
  * 25 % everything else, 
  so under those ratios , au small caps would be 5-15 % of your total , and perhaps a better choice could be made to start with . 
  but regular soap selects for lucky bacteria . 
  surely that 's just as frightening ... 
  i have n't found any retail fund with an initial buy-in higher than $ 5k . 
  if something like that did happen , the uk would whip up a constitutional amendment tout suite . 
  that 's ... literally the opposite of what everyone is saying . 
   at $ 180k a year you should be shoveling money into investments . 
  and by `` shovelling '' , he means `` $ 60k + per year '' , which represents less than half your after-tax income . 
  it depends on your lineup too . 
  it helps if there 's someone who can benefit from the area effect stun , like sky , lich , medusa etc. 
  unreliable on the low end , maybe , but frankly i do n't think op really cares whether the 90 % line is 5100mmr or 5200 . 
  sure , but you do n't get a second treasure iii until level 125 so there 's that to consider, 
  am australian , assumed you 'd have a constitution , but i guess you just muddle through with common law and watery bints in lakes as a former of government . 
  * you * do n't directly own any shares . 
  * acorns * owns them and tracks how much growth you get . 
  so if you want to invest using comm sec , withdraw from acorns and put the money in your trading account and buy stuff . 
  oh and for christ 's sake get income protection insurance .
