  you can learn mandarin on your phone these days . 
  no bitching, 
  memrise has japanese though . 
  looks like domestics are his forte . 
  well , they do in cricket . 
  i mean , 90 % of the time you 're just standing around waiting for the bowler . 
  i suggest having two components to your portfolio . 
  * a `` serious '' portfolio that you would recommend to your parents, 
  * a `` speculator/active trader '' portfolio that you use as a learning tool , and are not worried about losing the entire sum as a `` mistakes were made '' kind of deal . 
  i mean , people in rural areas already went through this when the cdma network was canned , because for all its faults , you could get a * lot * of range from one cell station if you amped up the power a bit . 
  idk , i never expected to that `` tradie hipster '' to ever be a style , but here we are . 
  by poplar i mean the plant genus which includes most poplars , as well as aspen and cottonwood . 
  is it a greater concern than the cost to society right now ? 
  i 'll reserve judgement until the epidemiologists take a crack at it . 
  i guess he 'll also have to think about his * own * reelection campaign , then . 
  let 's not make this into a beauty competition . 
  not least because capitalist would win every time, 
  serious question : why does another person need to be involved ? 
  you would have $ 420 ? 
  sounds like a job for a computer though . 
  next stop : deconstructed avo latte . 
  but the point is that you 're not going * back * to latte + smashed avo ; you 're moving ahead to the post-avolatte phase , yeah ? 
  * do * try to keep up , 007 . 
  if i were in your situation , i 'd be sorely tempted to go `` fuck it , off to south east asia for a few years '' . 
  spending seems disproportionate :, 
  weeeeeeeeell , it 's a broad aussie accent . 
  urban , middle class aussies sound like hugh jackman . 
  upper class aussies sound like cate blanchett . 
  so , hippopotamus in suitcase sauce was n't just made up by john cleese ... 
  maybe try something more old-school , like [ prydz ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghkm_sdhsls&amp;spfreload=10 ) , or some progressive house . 
  or , super vintage happy hardcore like scooter or whatever . 
  you need demos on github , then start attending relevant meetups . 
  well , involuntary means someone took you to court to get you declared insolvent , so they probably add court and legal fees to your bill . 
  you should split it anyway . 
  the government guarantees only 250k per bank , in case of collapse . 
  if it goes on long enough ( it will ) then it gets covered in green gooey bacteria and that 's basically it . 
  do n't most places do that ? 
  i mean , bugger waiting for the egg tarts to roll past when you can just get them delivered ( or at least get the cart delivered ), 
  actually i 'd watch a stream of that . 
  i believe scientists in queensland are looking into it , but over 90 % of the reefs biodiversity would still be lost . 
  / r/pitchforkemporiumarmani, 
  well yeah , [ they 're trying hard ] ( https://www.uq.edu.au/news/article/2017/02/which-reefs-are-most-important-save ) , it 's just that it will never be the same as it once was . 
  feels like value add to me . 
  the dutch have fairy bread too , although they use slightly different types of sprinkles . 
  i make no recommendations , but i earmark 10 % for emerging markets . 
  at least have the decorum to message him privately . 
  or , they just send the trucks between cities , and legislate that humans have to drive within city limits . 
  you 'd think that would negate most of the benefits of auto trucks , but not really . 
  * truckies get to work normal shifts and go home each day ( but there will be less work in general ), 
  * transport companies get to ship stuff without worrying about drivers getting tired and crashing ( and avoid paying for so many hours ), 
  so it is a real option , if only temporarily . 
  i 'm more interested in what happens in the us . 
  truck drivers are one of the most highly-paid ` working class ' jobs in about 40 us states , so losing those jobs will cut a swathe through their heartland . 
  queensland on one side, 
  india on the other, 
  i 'm surprised this deal is n't a lot * more * corrupt . 
  ok well that went ominous quickly . 
  in fact , they just need to be better for long-haul , which is, 
  * the easiest part of the route, 
  * the longest part of the route , and to top it off :, 
  * the most boring part of the route, 
  and also , in the case where the truck does n't know what to do , then it 's easy to tell it `` ok just slow down as fast as you can and pull over for a minute or so while a human checks out the situation via remote cameras . '', 
  not quite so easy to do with a plane . 
  not everything goes via trains , for a number of reasons . 
  i 'm not saying that 's ideal , but it is what it is . 
  well your seven had less than 300 gpm , so that 's not ideal . 
  disruptor is very difficult to play from behind , so there 's that as well . 
  perhaps your itemization could be better ? 
  build to protect your carries , or use force staff to let them escape . 
  also , i hear boots are good . 
  two thirds magic water, 
  one third gold coins . 
  one of those options can be fixed by educating you . 
  the other one is a bad behavior that must be unlearned . 
  either way , i hope you improve . 
  well the product mix is different , both have china at 26 % or more , but after that , the ratios are different . 
  up to you which one you prefer i guess . 
  one off or recurring ? 
  it 's pandering to multiple demographics at once . 
  either way , you need to know the value on the day you received it for cgt purposes . 
  i 'd be more worried about your mate nicking off with the money . 
  i mean , even a 1 % chance means it 's worth protecting yourself using escrow or whatever . 
  do n't get into a lawyer match with the scientology people . 
  just do n't . 
  if you 're using highstock ( which i * think * you already are ) , then you can use event marker flags . 
  not sure about vanilla highcharts . 
  maybe tooltip labels or something . 
  why would the irs give a shit if valve bought a few thousand of their own compendiums ? 
  does n't really matter . 
  i mean , if you buy close to dividend time , you get dividends sooner . 
  if you buy ex-dividend , then the price is less but you also miss out on the immediate return on investment . 
  historically , prices are all over the place in june , but that 's not necessarily a bad thing ; price instability works both ways . 
  choose a month you 're comfortable with , imo . 
  and set a recurring calendar alert so you do n't forget . 
  totally up to you . 
  remember , you can change your ratio after the fact . 
  the dividends from vas might not be as good if you 're not in the 80k + tax bracket though . 
  idk . 
  buying tiny packets just because you have free brokerage might be more hassle than it 's worth . 
  totally up to you .
