  just import the built hulls . 
  t2 ships : sounds good , except you need t2 components oh shit here we go again . 
  capital ships : well , you do need huge amounts of minerals and quite expensive blueprints so it 's best to manufacture in lowsec , ideally one gate away from highsec so you can access the mineral markets easily . 
  then you can build the capital ship and oh look , it even has its own jump drive to get itself to nullsec . 
  super-capital ships : i bet your alliance already has enough supercap-producers . 
  tech 3 production : nullsec has no advantages over lowsec in this regard , so there 's no compelling argument for it . 
  planetary management : doable . 
  research : no real advantages over highsec ( yeah , it 's cheaper , but a highsec research pos is so much less hassle ), 
  booster production : doable , but only because it 's a massive pain to move the gas and boosters around . 
  someone go on sisi and check . 
  my tag stockpile :(, 
  and au tz are falling asleep . 
  luckily it 's gallente lowsec , and you were looking for pvp action * anyway * . 
  to keep prices stable , those dust-generated products will be used to produce dust items . 
  so , if those dust products get expensive , income from holding territory rises to match . 
  i carry python mines , myself . 
  create a new character on your account . 
  keep the other one for combat . 
  by the same token , hardly any of your combat skills actually benefit an industry character . 
  it 's mostly about having your character tied to where your research , pi and manufacturing is happening , which , let 's face it , is probably highsec or one jump into low sec . 
  obviously thats not ideal for a combat character ( unless they 're doing missions in the area and are thus already tied down ), 
  only if you dont have a bpo . 
  dirt nap ? 
  i ran off a few just last week . 
  the last few expansions have been great for industrialists . 
  new items , new ships , existing ship costs altered , the works . 
  [ drk industry tracker ] ( http://industry.darkshadowindustries.com/ ) does a lot of that . 
  why would you want to mine in lowsec ? 
  i only build in low sec stuff i cant build in highsec . 
  you and raath should kiss . 
  er , i mean join apps . 
  if you have everything already , why do you need a corp to build cap ships ? 
  just build them and sell them . 
  i just buy in jita then fly or jump it into null by way of mineral compression . 
  about 1 % more than a lowsec pos of the same size . 
  you must be new to this subreddit . 
  failheap . 
  if stuff is out of date , just ask and someone will post a few good fits before the thread inevitably devolves into a discussion about gang links . 
  not * how * , but here 's * why *, 
  too ineloquent to be him . 
  also way too declasse . 
  i think a t shirt would be more prudent . 
  who knows what those ship models will look like after the art department starts changing stuff . 
  lockefox was also looking for corp management features . 
  sounds like a trifecta, 
  if by shitty software you mean the eve client , then yes . 
  only if you 're an experienced pilot who knows what those terms mean . 
  if you 're halfway experienced at eve , you know what it means , but if you do n't play , it 's unintelligible . 
  `` non-pl hellcat '' is esoteric . 
  you 'd have to know the specific design choices of the original pandemic legion pulse abaddon fit , as well as how other alliances copied it , and the specific changes they made ( adding another 1600mm plate , taking off a damage module ) , and why it was made ( less confidence in remote repairs and risk aversion ) to understand the derision and condescension implicit when they mention the fit . 
  whichever one buffs the astarte the most . 
  anything made of plant material is still suspect , with the possible exception of laundered clothes . 
  in eve online , tears of our victims are how we * keep score * . 
  energy management . 
  whichever one your repairer uses . 
  and fit capacitor control circuit rigs . 
  post your fit . 
  jesus why do you need to be cap stable in a bomber . 
  is that an evoke alt corp ? 
  ah , wag the dog must be an alt corp of wok the dog . 
  you 've sold me !, 
  \\* stab \\*, 
  in a shoebox ? 
  just like tf2 . 
  i approve . 
  dual web kiting drake . 
  obsolete after the talos appeared . 
  i 've looked in your subreddit . 
  so far , it 's filled with trolls and terrible fits . 
  frankly , i 'm not seeing an improvement . 
  5 million sp is about when you realise that next month 's pve is going to be more of the same of this month 's . 
  battlecruisers is always a good skill to have , and all racial battlecruisers see combat use . 
  in addition , battlecruisers v is well worth it . 
  i would say choose two races , get them both up to cruiser iii , then work on battlecruisers to v , then get the other cruiser skills up to iii if you can . 
  what could go wrong ? 
  if you set things up properly , you do n't even have to login . 
  the whole series is good . 
  do you have attribute implants ? 
  have you done a neural remap ? 
  tbh i just wait for jabber pings before i logon my combat toon , otherwise i 'm just faffing around building stuff and gloating on forums . 
  gunnery is plenty fine to pve with . 
  if you plan to do a lot of pvp , then missile skills just for pve are probably a bit of a waste . 
  +2 s are ok - worth upgrading perception and intelligence implants to +3 s if you can afford them though . 
  do you have an eveboard link ? 
  perhaps there are some obvious skills you can train up to get more effective , faster . 
  some suggestions :, 
  * at your skill point total , do n't train anything to v unless you have to . 
  you could have raised four other skills to iv for the same sp expenditure . 
  * as a minmatar character , just go shields first . 
  it 's faster to get to tech 2 , and minmatar t2 ships have a good shield resist profile . 
  * you 're biased towards int , which is good because support skills are important . 
  some skill bundles you might like to look at getting are :, 
  * [ full t2 shield tank ] ( http://wiki.eveuniversity.org/full_t2_tank#shield_tank ), 
  * electronics ( shields are heavy on the cpu cost ), 
  * acceleration control ( go faster ), 
  * shield compensation ( less capacitor draw on shield boosters in pve ), 
  * shield upgrades iv ( much easier to fit shield extenders in pvp ), 
  * basically get everything useful you find if it takes less than a day to train up, 
  tech 2 guns are important , but at the moment , it 's better to get those destroyer and battlecruiser skills up instead . 
  although , at your very low skill point total , do n't worry too much about maximising the skill points you gain from the skill change .
