  also , illusions will also crit . 
  correct . 
  source : am dad . 
  yeah . 
  take it like a man . 
  i think the comic book series was their best avenue for that kind of thing , but it was clear that either the writing or the illustration was deficient . 
  part of the problem is that the stories you hear about goings-on in eve are actually pretty run-of-the-mill for fiction , but really awesome if it happens unscripted , in ` rl ' , with you being a part of the action . 
  i 'm not sure whether there 's a way to get around that . 
  imo , they should work on improving the line of eve fiction they have , rather than doubling down on an expensive tv series using really marginal writing . 
  for one thing , novels do n't need huge special effects budgets ... 
  well , yes . 
  small ships fit small guns, 
  medium-sized ships fit medium guns, 
  large ships fit large guns, 
  however , if you 're only fighting small ships then a small ship should be fine . 
  i upgraded to a cruiser for the last two missions of the arc , but that 's not a requirement . 
  you 'd think that , but no . 
  oh , i think he 's teasing pretty hard already ... 
  this needs to be the new subreddit icon . 
  maybe ccp should concentrate on getting better writers for their fiction , instead of throwing resources on eve is real tv series or whatever that thing was hyped as . 
  for me , w is hard but i set up the other items next to each other to spam , e. g. z is bkb , x is blade mail , c is blink , so wzxc , initiate r. 
  imo , the * minimum * buff to it should be to add press the attack during the duel duration , just like enigma + ags adds midnight pulse to his black hole . 
  you 'll still need bkb , but it means you do n't lose your edge during long duels . 
   then finish silver edge, 
  does passive break work even when duelling immediately afterwards ? 
  so , did this hold true after you 've played more 6.84 ? 
  also , decent armour . 
  ah , now i understand . 
  duel itself used to cause a break effect . 
   one hard carry and one support ( which in new/low mmr games means one person who will get very little farm throughout the course of the game and one who will get none ) . 
  this is so , * so * true . 
  well , sometimes you have to , because you 've cleaved your way through so many creep waves that your creeps are pushing the enemy tower . 
  so , back off and farm the jungle for a bit . 
   he 's been on fire recently . 
  no spoilers please , i have n't read that far yet . 
  it probably was ; the gms often take breaks from answering support requests to chat with newbies ; sometimes 1-on-1 , sometimes just dropping into rookie chat . 
  if they speak in a channel , they almost always have their special gm coloured chat thing turned on . 
  firstly , you need to be able to use a modulated strip miner ii to fit mining crystals . 
  strip miner i does not use crystals . 
  why not ? 
  who knows . 
  you will need scordite processing iii to use the tech 1 crystal , and iv to use the tech 2 crystal . 
  this holds true for all mining crystals , iirc . 
   space vikings fit in armpits quite nicely ... 
  ftfy, 
  that happened to me in one of my first pub matches . 
  `` guys , i 'm just dropping wards , do n't abandon mid '', 
  i , i do n't want to talk about it . 
  so , that 's like fifteen dollars a month savings ? 
  that 's well okay . 
  i strongly recommend saving at least 12.5 % deposit before buying . 
  there 's a good chance everyone in this train wreck of a thread is the same person , just on different accounts . 
  or make a good living fixing their mistakes . 
  well , pale skin implied staying indoors rather than working in the fields . 
  that 's the rationale behind women carrying parasols in many cultures . 
  fast forward a few centuries , and now only the rich can afford to tan , while being pasty white implies you , gasp !, 
  work for a living . 
  you can get lenses/mirrors/prisms to make the beam fan out wide in one direction . 
  it works both ways - as a position 3 , i often buy a ward to keep them on cool down , then drop them from my stash for the support to pick up . 
  people forget that supports do n't need a lot of gold but sometimes might not be able to afford to keep up with buying consumables . 
  books ? 
  ( provided reading skills are sufficient ), 
  start looking now . 
  caption : pika chews . 
  we 'd probably run out of money for ammo : /, 
  because their ears are really really small . 
  i guess you plan to move the funds on shore ? 
  sounds like dialog . 
  you can still get 150k as a technology consultant . 
  yes , i fire up the barb-o and drink a tin-o ( saving the bund-o for when the rel-os arrive ), 
  judging by / r/australia we 're pretty fucked already . 
  i have a mac , but i do n't go through steam for it . 
  so , do you have problems downloading it , or starting the launcher , or what ? 
  i have found that the safe lane is pretty much the least safe lane for newbies . 
  or , you know , do n't dox . 
  that sum is a bit too small to split up into bits , so something like a broad based index fund or etf would suit . 
  if you have some australian shares already , you might want to put this chunk into an etf tracking the us or european markets to diversify a bit . 
  do you have gate keeper enabled ? 
  turn it off before you download the client . 
  and that midas / boots of travel build is quite greedy . 
  now i 'm curious why i have you tagged as ` world 's worst waitress ' ... 
  open a high-interest savings account , either with your existing bank , or one with better rates . 
  set up an automated transfer of $ 100/week to that account . 
  that 's saving roughly 10 % of your income . 
  try that for a few months . 
  if it 's doable , then keep at it or even increase it . 
  if not , dial it down a bit but make sure to spend some thought about how to increase your income in the long term . 
  either way , the first couple thousand will probably always stay in a bank account or within easy reach , as your emergency fund . 
  past that , you can get a chunk of say $ 5000 and invest it in one hit , then save up for the next lot . 
  tried / r/brisgamers ? 
  well , who likes to be doxed by neonazis ? 
  phew . 
  sometimes i put cryptic notes in res just to give me wtf moments months later . 
  glad it 's still working as intended . 
  signal cartel are a chill newb-friendly exploration corp. 
  or rather , without plex , the game would be a lot worse . 
  step 1 is to determine how many different clients will you have per year . 
  if the number is less than 3 , you 'll probably be hit by personal services income rules and you 're not really independent and are actually a lot more like a payg employee . 
  if you end up being an actual contractor , then you start working out whether to do it yourself ( with the help of apps such as [ freckle ] ( https://letsfreckle.com/ ) , [ replicon ] ( http://au.replicon.com/pricing-au ) etc - with or without xero ) or whether you just pay a company to do it for you ( which usually costs about $ 2/billable hour ), 
  how promiscuous of you,
