  i 'm perfectly fine with a skilled tanker having a long survivability , as long as there are appropriate checks and balances to that level of staying power . 
  the problem is that ccp shifted too many variables at once , too strongly in opposite directions . 
  they made hav 's more powerful , while reducing cost . 
  before the revamp , there were two roads ccp could have taken - slash vehicle costs , but leave the design and resiliency the same , or crank up the resiliency but leave the cost at an appropriate value . 
  my recommendation at the time was to reduce costs , and i take responsibility for that as a cpm representative - but remember that reducing costs was one of the most common requests amongst vehicle users prior to the revamp . 
  however , i also had no way of knowing exactly how strong they 'd become , or how far ccp would slash the costs , until it was released and we saw firsthand how this all played out . 
  instead of the two variables meeting in the middle , they sailed past each other . 
  all that out of the way , here 's my thoughts on each of your points here :, 
   a ) tanks dont cost nearly enough compared to their raw power . 
  a tank should be 3x the cost of a proto suit if its going to be anywhere near as powerful as they are now . 
  a ) strongly agree . 
  as i 've explained , i also agree that the power-to-cost ratio is too high right now , and think a price adjustment is absolutely reasonable given how long these can last in the hands of a skilled driver . 
   b ) they are too fast . 
  faster than infantry is no problem but right now they 're sportscar fast . 
  b ) strongly disagree . 
  without getting into somewhat irrelevant real-world examples , there 's really nothing wrong with a fast tank . 
  and certainly given the fact that these are the tanks of the future , i see no reason to make them crawl like sitting ducks all the time . 
  from a gameplay perspective , the current speed of tanks is annoying - but its not unmanageable . 
  there speedy counters in the form of jihad jeeps ( an emergent , fun , and healthy tactic i think should stay ) , but more importantly , they allow tanks to be either a threat , or not a threat , without having to choose between being alive or dead . 
  this is the drawback of the old system - the only counter to a vehicle was to just nuke it . 
  i found this particularly boring ( moreso because slow tanks were a laughably easy target ) . 
  it was even more frustrating for those that wanted to be full-time vehicle specialists , especially since they could n't just spawn into a new vehicle the way that infantry can with dropsuits . 
  instead of a binary system where tanks are either alive or dead , now we have a much more interesting variety of states where a tank can be alive , but no longer a threat , because he 's in the process of retreating to safety . 
  i 'd much rather see harder counters to speed be added for infantry in the form of stasis webifier grenades , and i 'd much rather a/v players spend more time figuring out ways to exploit hav 's current weaknesses ( such as positioning themselves at opposite ends of the map in order to finish off vehicles chased off by their partner on the other side ) . 
  a/v should be a skilled role - and that skill is greatly diminished by turning hav 's into sitting ducks . 
  eventually the maps will be growing beyond the tiny zones we can currently fight in , and the slow plodding tank model is just extremely anachronistic and unnecessary . 
   c ) you ca n't cripple them . 
  vehicles with less than half of its total health should be moving at 1/4 of normal speed . 
  c. ) somewhat disagree . 
  sure , a crippling / disabling mechanic would be really interesting , but it also presents a number of additional design problems . 
  if you can actually cripple the hav , a swift death is going to come not too far behind , especially since it 'll allow for more gangbanging and pile-on attacks . 
  this basically mitigates all the value of having a working defense mechanism , and brings us right back to the old binary system where a tank is either not being shot at , or its dead . 
  to really make crippling an hav viable and interesting gameplay , you 'd have to buff the tanking period even further - to allow for something interesting to happen once you 've actually disabled it , besides just allowing a quick finish . 
  if we 're going to have a disable mechanic , there better be some damn good `` last stand '' gameplay associated with it , complete with epic logistical saves where squads had a chance to un **** their buddy and get him on the road again . 
  and really , this is a whole separate revamp we 're talking to accommodate all this . 
  it 's just not that easy to say `` move 1/4 speed '' . 
   d ) the enter/exit animation is a glitch . 
  lets do away with teleporting in and out of vehicles and add actual animations that people cant take advantage of in a gunfight or to abandon a tank about to explode . 
  especially mr pop-out-in-an-instant heavy in his lav . 
  d ) somewhat disagree . 
  first off , its not a `` glitch '' , lets describe this accurately and just recognized that there 's no animation designed for vehicles . 
  there 's a difference between suboptimal design and something intended one way and functioning another . 
  and sure , there 's a lot of good reasons to have mount/dismount animations , but these also carry their own baggage , much like crippling mechanics do . 
  it 's one more painful moment of vulnerability for those that want to be full-time tankers , and only strengthens my belief that this extra inconvenience should always be offset with a very high degree of resiliency once you 're inside the tank . 
  really the strongest reason not to spend time on this right now is that there 's just too many other animations that our dropsuits need instead . 
  we need useful jumps ( with limits , not bunny hopping ) . 
  we need more speed ( the animation breaks at a certain speed , which is one of the strongest reasons we ca n't have faster scouts ) . 
  we need vaulting over obstacles . 
  we need less-goofy ways to get ourselves up and down building sections besides simple ladders . 
  any one of these adds far , far more to the game than a vehicle mount/dismount would , and should be prioritized . 
   e ) the modules repair way too fast . 
  going from crippled to full health in a split second ? 
  no way . 
  the increase should be gradual . 
  e ) somewhat disagree . 
  tbh , you 'd need to be more specific here - are we talking armor repair tanking ? 
  shield boosting ? 
  either way , there needs to be a fast enough repair rate that coordination or more alpha-oriented weapons ( like the breach variants ) actually have a purpose . 
  much like arbitrarily slowing speed down to 1/4 , slowing down repair just because it seems to fast really just brings us back to that place where tanks are trivial to pop . 
   f ) too many av weapons are crap . 
  the plasma cannon has a silly firing arc and does n't do nearly enough damage for a weapon that reloads after every shot . 
  prox mines dont do enough damage ( they should start @ 2000 per ) and every vehicle has a mine detector . 
  shouldnt that be a module ? 
  res should stick to tanks . 
  f ) strongly agree . 
  not just the plasma cannon and swarm launcher , but also weapons like the flaylock and av grenades need a lot of love . 
  it kills me that the plasma cannon is the weapon requiring the highest degree of skill to actually land shots on a moving vehicle , and that we reward that skill with less damage than a forge gun , which is relatively easy to hit moving vehicles with . 
  i also really want to see the flaylock become a truly a/v-worthy sidearm , even if it means adding a lock-on variant with no dumbfire , or simply cranking damage at the expense of splash . 
  all that to say - the only really strong counter we have right now are forge guns and other large turrets . 
  this needs attention , and soon . 
   g ) you can recall them in an instant . 
  no vehicle should be recalled if its damaged and they should have to wait on the rdv just like when theyre dropped off . 
  no teleporting . 
  recalling cant be an exploit to get your tank out of harm 's way when things go badly . 
  g ) strongly agree . 
  i 'm fine with recalling vehicles , but it needs to be the rdv that does the job , just as with deployment . 
  keeping an hav alive should depend on the skill of the driver and nothing else , and right now the recall mechanic is nothing more than a cheap silly trick used to cater to everyone 's natural loss aversion . 
  also , while we 're on the subject , i totally think that hacked enemy vehicles should be allowed to be rdv recalled and put into your own inventory stock . 
  this just makes sense . 
  its new eden after all , if someone leaves you something awesome you should be allowed to just steal it and own it . 
  ( continued ), 
   h ) av was tuned badly . 
  swarms were taken down too much and av grenades were too . 
  forges are the direct counter to vehicles and the hits should be devastating to them . 
  reduce grenade spam by making people equip grenades and then throw them with r1 . 
  h ) somewhat agree . 
  i do agree that many a/v weapons are underpowered and useless in a lot of cases , as i described earlier , but i do n't want forges to go back to `` devastating '' status . 
  believe me , as a heavy i 've had more than my share of **** 's and giggles popping paper hav 's , but that `` devastation '' was nowhere near as satisfying as the experience we have today , where taking out a tank is actually an accomplishment to be proud of , and a demonstration of skill and teamwork . 
  forges do their job just fine right now , if you 're not able to pop an hav ( or at least chase it off ) , you 're doing something wrong . 
  i will add one last missing piece of the puzzle - now that ccp has implemented an anti-farming mechanism , its time to reinstate war points for partial damage on vehicles . 
  part of all the qq over tank power ( which i attribute more accurately to a/v being underpowered ) is rooted in this deep-seated assumption that the role of the a/v specialist is to actually kill the vehicle . 
  and really , the only reason we 've grown used to this is because of a long period where hav 's and vehicles in general were a joke in terms of how easy they were to pop . 
  vehicle users deserve gameplay where they can stay in their vehicles most of the time , and to accomplish this we really need the existing `` windows of opportunity '' system to do its job . 
  that said , successfully sending a dropship high in the air or a sending a tank off into the hills is still removing it as an immediate threat , and is n't that much different than popping it and forcing the tanker to call in another from somewhere distant . 
  it 's time to bring back wp 's and for a/v users to get credit for protecting their infantry brethren whether or not they actually kill the hav to get rid of it for a period of time . 
  ccp saberwing wrote :, 
   really digging hans ' post further above . 
  i refrained from commenting previously because i wanted to discuss things through with cpm members . 
  i 'll make sure the relevant design guys see this thread . 
   general consensus between ourselves and the cpm appears to be that - vehicles have taken a step in the right direction but we will be looking to make some additional adjustments to bring them in line with where we think they should finally sit .
