  he 's lucky nigeria does n't have a team . 
  i 've seen some streamers hypothesise that sf is best built around aghs now , rather than expecting to transition into a right click carry in this meta . 
  dota : the gabening, 
  blood seekers passive means once he gets low , the enemy team gets vision on him and he ca n't heal . 
  of course you can fix that by casual tranquils in the laning stage so it 's not a total solution . 
  not sure why this is being downvoted . 
  using a driving school is prudent for the first couple of lessons ; you do n't want to be the guy who burnt out some stranger 's clutch by accident while they 're doing you a favour . 
  if there 's already a good offlaner in your team , you might jungle instead , then come back into the lane with a quick level 6 and use your ult to get a kill . 
  also , bm 's boars are really good at killing jungle creeps due to their damage type . 
  oh , is that the only alternative ? 
  automation will happen regardless . 
  jobs will disappear regardless . 
  in the meantime , they will have a wage that enables them to afford to live . 
  tiu can not starve enough workers to hold back the march of progress . 
  i 'm in the same alliance as [ foo ] ( http://evewho.com/pilot/dotoo+foo ) . 
  you 're welcome to crash on our [ couch ] ( http://evemaps.dotlan.net/alliance/al3xand3r . ), 
  in tenal . 
  it 's a greens platform ... 
  but especially on slark , who has low hit points until skadi . 
  medicare coverage for dental services, 
  surface is pretty good though . 
  if you have no exposure , i guess now is a better time than last month . 
  who can predict the future though . 
  i 'd say yes . 
  even level 1 gives you three immortals and a bunch of other stuff . 
  might not be worth putting in extra levels unless you get to the end and discover you 're one collectors cache away from a reward or something . 
  `` you 're a wizard carry '', 
  offlane camps turn into smalls instead of mediums ? 
  tip : put the two remnant skills on quick cast . 
  um , you can cut the tree and the eyes in the forest disappear . 
  you can get higher , but it 's a negotiated rate iirc, 
  thing about cba was that we already had banks to compete with it and that it competed against . 
  same with medibank private . 
  telstra , australia post ? 
  not so much . 
  because when you send entire cargo containers at once , you ca n't trust that what the customer buys is what you sent . 
  things go missing and things get replaced with fakes . 
  the key selling point to these operations is that you only need to trust a single person when it 's a one person operation . 
  i know which way i 'd bet . 
  also the comedian greg fleet 's book ( [ extract ] ( http://www.news.com.au/lifestyle/health/the-iceman-cometh-an-extract-from-these-things-happen-by-greg-fleet/story-fneuzlbd-1227494947900 ) ), 
   given that recruiters get paid a percentage of the candidates wage as their fee, 
  in theory , yes . 
  in practice , for most recruiters you do n't really know what margin they get unless you find out from the client what you 're being charged out . 
  these days i have a good enough relationship with my guys that i can look at the details in sales force . 
  not * guaranteed * , but it 's clear that the odds improve as it tries to hit the 40 chest target . 
  in the laning stage , you 're probably better off getting a guaranteed bounce on a hero and ranged creep than attempt to get to eke out some extra damage and risk whiffing . 
  once you max it , you can be more cavalier about your targets . 
  i watch danny 's dota stream and i 'm like `` are these guys really 4k above me ? '', 
  goblin dick athletic support has a nice ring to it . 
  yeah i bet labor is thinking `` ok cunt , * you * give it a try '', 
  peer to peer loans have not been tested in a serious economic downturn . 
  bear that in mind . 
  nah it 's not so bad . 
  australia and the us have reciprocal tax treaties . 
  so , any tax you pay in the usa comes off the tax you need to pay to the ato . 
  hence why rat np is so strong down there . 
  joanne snow, 
  never not double negative . 
  does he save the vods to youtube or something ? 
  not actually bacteria . 
   lignin is insoluble , too large to pass through cell walls , too heterogeneous for specific enzymes , and toxic , so that few organisms other than basidiomycetes fungi can degrade it . 
  perhaps he likes cocc but does n't know it yet . 
  so you 're saying there 's a chance, 
  makes perfect sense . 
  some of the most entitled brats i have ever had the displeasure to encounter lived in university colleges . 
   she was a major contributing factor to abbott 's consistently bad polling ,, 
  alternatively , she knows how bad his polling would have been without her . 
  opinions , arseholes , etc. 
  yeah but these are n't poor immigrants from southern china ( the dirt poor bit , historically ), 
  these are wealthy immigrants who identify with lib values . 
  it 's actually a lot like the split between the south african immigration waves . 
  first you had the people leaving because they disagreed with the unfairness of apartheid . 
  then you had the people leaving because they disagreed with integration . 
  totally different outlook . 
  there 's a sector of the community that goes `` fuck the ndis '' , presumably because they do n't think they 're only one accident away from being disabled . 
  he pledged allegiance to 3 different organisations that hate each other . 
  like the sydney shooting , it was not organised terrorism ; it was a crazy person who latched onto something . 
  it could just as easily been neo nazism or area 51 conspiracies or militant red pillers . 
  there 's a lot fewer neo nazis to draw from . 
  the common theme here is `` crazy + extremist '' . 
  which extremist really only matters when they choose targets . 
  it 's kinda the entire reason they 're a separate country to india . 
  only if you exclude the us . 
  hillary is more right wing than obama . 
  having said that , he did get the affordable care act passed , which i did not expect him to get across the line . 
  sudanese refugees going back to sudan , presumably to rebuild the country and reunite with their family . 
  go for a holiday , check it out . 
  plus , that 's the planet that doctor who died on . 
  scary stuff . 
  australia is strict on family visas . 
  we 're really big on skilled migrant visas though . 
  i do n't think you realise just how restrictive our immigration policy is . 
  he 's not bad vs life stealer too . 
  however , he has a very hard time vs sven . 
  it 's a bit harder than that with the creep magic resistance auras . 
  you need to do some creep pruning first . 
  is it more or less reliable than ratchet bomb ? 
  [ [ ratchet bomb ] ] can be played turn 2 to blow up on turn 3 . 
  note that it is a lot worse top deck , but also does n't cost mana to activate , so there 's that . 
  bomb also has a chance to get more than one counter , which is unlikely with explosives .
