  after that , it depends . 
   how about we look at dicks and then grab some lunch ? 
  i had a moment of dyslexia and * totally * read that wrong . 
  i literally stopped reading at that sentence while my mind unblew . 
  did the collateral cover the contents of the package ? 
  if it did , then you were foolish to haul so much in a freighter when you could have hauled it in a blockade runner . 
  if it did n't , then you were foolish to deliver it instead of absconding with the loot . 
  ( also , if it 's high-value cargo , do n't accept it on your hauler character ), 
  when you make a courier contract , you ( should ) specify a sum of isk to be used for collateral . 
  generally , it 's the retail price of what you 're getting couriered , plus a certain percentage to be prudent . 
  the person who accepts that courier contract may peek at the contents ( unless the contents is yet another courier package ... ) so they can make the determination whether to break it open and have a public record of them failing a contract , or deliver it as normal . 
  courier packages are scannable , so if you undock with one , anyone who scans you can make the same determination : should i trade my ship , and possibly the ships of my nearby mates for your ship and a 50 % chance of the package dropping in your wreck ? 
  generally , past about 1 billion isk , it 's worth popping a freighter for . 
  an orca probably runs at 500m-1 billion , depending on how it 's fit , and tech 1 haulers should be very scared hauling anything over 50 million isk . 
  in this case , the rewards of multiple battlecruiser bpos inside a freighter was greater than the cost in suicide ships , so , pop . 
  i suspect it matters in louisiana . 
  the author of * the prestige * said in an interview that the movie was a lot better than his book . 
  example fits for a maelstrom :, 
  they do , because they 're scout sites . 
  `` you use chopsticks well ... for a gwailo . '', 
  my wife can shell shrimp with chopsticks . 
  it 's a sight to behold . 
  he has been releasing solo videos . 
  they just happen to be dust 514 ones . 
  in the meantime , i think we 're open to suggestions ... 
  it might not , actually . 
  ccp is focusing on tying dust and eve together - support for e sports might not be on their radar for some time . 
  so , your voter base will be people too terrible to learn how to vote ? 
  i can see some holes in your plan . 
  no , seriously . 
  poor people are at the most risk of terrible teeth , which costs a shit load more money to fix later . 
  i used to be against fluoridation of drinking water ( because most of it does n't get drunk ) but when you do the sums and weigh up the cheap cost vs the benefit to the people most at risk , it 's a no-brainer . 
  yes , but this in itself is suspicious and bored gankers may roll the dice and pop you anyway . 
  came for bewbies , left disappointed . 
  i once asked an asian girl what the secret to asians being ultra skinny was . 
  she replied `` mild thalassemia '' . 
  you can get [ fish-oil jellies ] ( http://www.aminoz.com.au/natures-way-kids-smart-vita-gummies-omega-3-fish-oil-60-gummies-p-3345.html ) now . 
  i feed them to my kids . 
  ( you might have to shop around - some brands taste horrible ), 
   almost every human , even with a crappy diet , gets enough b vitamins . 
  if you drink a lot of alcohol , you might not the next day . 
  unless you know what a driza-bone is , then yes , contractually you must . 
  in between things trying to kill them , yes . 
  australia has the [ world 's largest cattle station ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anna_creek_station ) . 
  it 's bigger than israel . 
  just because you 're from a rural area does n't mean you 're immune to brand envy . 
  or look at the [ giant skill chart ] ( http://games.chruker.dk/eve_online/skill_chart.php?group=-1 ) . 
  just bear in mind that a logi suit has 50 less armor than an assault suit , so you 're already one basic plate in the hole . 
  it would be prudent at this juncture to explain what the interaction between the profile , precision and radius stats are , and how useful the various modules that boost them are . 
  that 's why i use the one mike devoid wrote , 
  just like low sec . 
  this is , imo , the minimum fit i 'd use for a brutix . 
  [ brutix , pve single repper ], 
  medium armor repairer ii, 
  magnetic field stabilizer ii, 
  magnetic field stabilizer ii, 
  energized adaptive nano membrane ii, 
  energized adaptive nano membrane ii, 
  beta reactor control : capacitor power relay i, 
  cap recharger ii, 
  cap recharger ii, 
  fleeting propulsion inhibitor i, 
  experimental 10mn microwarpdrive i, 
  modal neutron particle accelerator i , antimatter charge m, 
  modal neutron particle accelerator i , antimatter charge m, 
  modal neutron particle accelerator i , antimatter charge m, 
  modal neutron particle accelerator i , antimatter charge m, 
  modal neutron particle accelerator i , antimatter charge m, 
  modal neutron particle accelerator i , antimatter charge m, 
  small nosferatu ii, 
  medium auxiliary nano pump i, 
  medium nanobot accelerator i, 
  medium capacitor control circuit i, 
  ( you can fit a second mar but you 'll probably need to put an ancillary current router rig if you do n't have stellar powergrid-related skills ), 
  caveat : i do n't really know how to fit brutixes . 
  personally i 'd roll with a myrmidon . 
  stick with heavy suit 1 or 2 for now . 
  heavy suits get expensive as you go up tiers , and you need experience with ( losing ) tier 1 suits first . 
  armor upgrades : 1 ( put a basic plate on most fits ), 
  armor repair systems : 1 ( put a basic repairer on most fits ), 
  field mechanic 2 +, 
  shield upgrades 1 + : ( put 2 x extenders on most fits ), 
  personally , after that , i went for shield upgrades iv for complex shield extenders , but it depends what role you want to play . 
  * generally * , heavy suits are armor tanked , scout suits are shield tanked , and assault suits probably have tanking modules from both . 
  also , shield tanking skills take longer to train , so there 's that . 
  just bear in mind that a single armor repairer may not be able to cope with some level 3 missions so you 'll need to make adjustments to fit a second one in . 
  generally , once a second repper is added to a fit , it starts becoming easier to supplement using cap booster charges instead of trying to regenerate it all . 
  you might be disappointed by armor repair , then . 
  it 's generally only a couple hp per second . 
  the advantage is that shield modules generally use high slots and armor modules use low slots , so you can roll with both . 
  in australia , it would be [ $ 60/month ] ( http://www.medibank.com.au/healthcover/insurance/hospital-range/ ) . 
  and that 's the * private * option . 
  or the talos :p, 
  sansha ships do more damage vs shields than armor anyway . 
  only three entries so far , but as they say : getting in on the ground floor . 
  perhaps there 's no jokes . 
  maybe it should be called a tragic strip . 
   i try to be mindful of the whole `` gay/faggot '' group of slurs but from years of game-playing sometimes it just falls of my face due to unconcious absorption, 
  this is a * really * good reason to cut down on those types of slurs . 
  fig 1b 's y axis should be exponential , not linear , imo .
