  this is me being first , but not giving a code because i already have three recalls this month . 
  op , if you do n't receive a recall code in the next hour , message me . 
  i guess it 's time to adjust my taranis fit . 
  would n't it be more appropriate to pvp with some +3 s and a bunch of 5 % implants instead ? 
  same price , except you 'll be rocking 10 % more damage , 5 % more speed and 5-10 % more tank . 
  you make ribbons ? 
  you could join forces with the guy making eve campaign coins and turn them into medals . 
  okay , you pass . 
  is there an eve api app for win phone ? 
  correction : carry the type of torps you 're bonused for , but carry whichever type ( s ) of bomb your squad leader * tells you * to . 
  if you 're that guy who commits bomb-fratricide , you can expect to be podded by blues . 
  perhaps you could explain what kind of things you 'd want to mod , and how that would work in a persistent , connected virtual universe . 
  sounds like a job for a bastion marauder gang . 
  in this case , downtime on the 3rd of june . 
  is this the same as / r/brisgamers ? 
  also , eve now has a recall program so you can get 7 days free if you 've been unsubbed for 6 months . 
  nah i 'm capped out for may . 
  i 'll let someone else have a turn . 
  active income streams first . 
  maybe you can be the first , 
  let 's pretend i am / u/new _ eden_news_bot :, 
  ccp z wrote :, 
   hello everybody ,, 
   really great to see all of the feedback on these forums . 
  many questions and discussions have been raised after the presentation made during fanfest , and ccp frame pulled together a recap of some of the main concerns you guys had . 
  i will try to answer these in this thread !, 
  here are some of them :, 
    what makes dust special is that a player with 50 million sp can still have a use for a militia dropsuit . 
  that all of those 2,000 + suits/items you have are actually useful and do n't become obsolete once you reach the next `` level . '' high sp players can squeeze higher meta modules into that militia suit and create great isk efficient fits with it . 
  it 's incredibly gratifying to kill someone wearing a very expensive suit using a cheap one . 
  the asymmetrical nature of dust 514 is what makes the game compelling . 
   this will remain the case in legion , for different reasons :, 
   you will have different contracts offered to you depending on your dropsuit meta level . 
  basically , if you have 3 fittings with a 120 , 200 and 350 metalevel , you will have access to 3 different brackets where people will have the same metalevel range as you . 
  so , no dropsuit will be obsolete . 
  you will have access to non-match made battles , so basically you can pick any dropsuit you want . 
    and no , looking at your old suits stacked up in your quarters does n't fix this . 
  the inevitable result is to introduce an expansion with suit d that everyone works towards , and then gets bored with : i.e. 
  the gear treadmill . 
  people get exhausted with this kind of system and eventually move on to another game . 
  all mmo 's with this approach to progression have declined in users over time . 
  the only one that has n't is eve , and it does n't use this approach . 
  it is foolish to ignore this point . 
   again , the nature of legion is to work against gear obsolescence , so your old gear will still have an interest for you after unlocking the `` next '' dropsuit in your tree . 
  you do n't have to move in a linear way ( ie , by going directly to the next dropsuit ) . 
  we will offer you many side choices that will make you more efficient or have more fitting choices with your current dropsuit . 
    the proposed system makes it difficult to change directions if you 're deeply invested in something you do n't like . 
  under the system proposed you do n't unlock certain weapons until much deeper in the tree . 
  as balancing nerfs/buffs come out ( and they 're unavoidable in a game of this nature ) it 's going to make adjusting your character much more difficult . 
   we will offer a respec option ( which does not exist in dust 514 ) . 
  more information will come down the line as the project 's development progresses . 
    in the current system , you can quickly start a different weapon and move on , while waiting for your weapon of choice to get fixed . 
  i think your proposed progression system will create a lot of unnecessary friction and frustration by limiting player 's freedom for the questionable benefit of accessibility ( which can be better addressed via the ui and tutorials ) . 
   if you look at the tree that i showed during the presentation , basic weapons for all classes will be available early in the progression so you will be able to try them fairly easily ( or quickly if you prefer ) . 
  but yes , we are making the progression more difficult . 
  right now , within a couple of weeks of play , you can basically create your ultimate fitting and never do anything else . 
    you can have depth and accessibility if you build the right uis and invest the resources into making an amazing , story-based gameplay tutorial . 
  eve 's isis , and mastery systems are excellent examples of how this can be done . 
   i do n't necessarily agree with the eve example , it remains a really difficult progression system to understand . 
  legion is not and will not be eve , even if both games share the same universe . 
  we have many reasons justifying that choice : we are not the same business model ( subscription vs free to play ) , we are not talking to the same target audience ( hardcore mmo players vs online fps players ) . 
  that is n't to say that their progression system is n't great and applicable to eve -- only that it does not necessarily fit the game we want project legion to become . 
   i think that the new system will allow both : accessibility for new users to understand , while keeping the high level complexity of mix-matching modules , weapons and dropsuits . 
    i suspect that your proposed system may very well draw in more players , at least initially , but it will suffer the same fate as other mmo 's using more traditional skill progression systems , and players will get bored and burn out . 
   we offer a much deeper and varied system than almost any mmo on the market , we are just trying to make it more accessible . 
   please feel free to add any other questions , i 'll do my best to answer them all , 
  it 's not really mercenary contracts so much as opportunistic theft . 
  i think eve players would probably be more about [ this type ] ( http://junglebiscuit.com/evemedals ) of medal . 
  you might be able to contact the devs behind an existing app to help out ;-), 
  evidently , my references are out of control . 
  [ this is how i imagine you are ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uqe7qrs.jpg ), 
  wish i could give all these neat clothes to my eve : legion character . 
  that way , i 'd actually see them . 
  wish it was more like the [ ukraine live thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/live/3rgnbke2rai6hen7ciytwcxadi ) :(, 
  chinese as well , except for the whole tonal thing [ kicking your ass ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_bhxmym0s0 ) . 
  jester is on csm8 , i 'm fairly certain they already know . 
  i think what he 's trying to say that the fan-out is too wide , which stuns new players with too much choice , too early . 
  so , e.g , instead of the current dust progression , where a few levels of drop suit command fan out into twelve drop suits , or light weapon operation which fans out into almost a dozen rifles , it would be spread out a bit . 
  hence , you 'd have ` drop suits ' then ` light drop suits ' then ` caldari light drop suits ' then ` caldari scout suits ' then ` precision enhancers ' + ` range extenders ' or whatever . 
  a deeper tree . 
  not necessarily a more costly tree , but just to remove the ' i trained one skill level and now i have access to soooo many skills what do i even choose now ? ', 
  it 's okay , as long as you say ' [ yoink ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=yoink ) ' . 
  it 's a lot easier to point out mistakes when it 's the other party who are making the mistakes . 
  ccp z 's biggest push is to change the system so the skill tree starts out on rails ( academy -  light -  scout -  cloak + shotgun -  advanced shotgun + advanced cloak etc ) , then widens out geometrically as fitting options become available to you . 
  it 's a psychological technique to limit choice until someone has the knowledge to comprehend the choices they 're making . 
  it 's also fairly common - look at the skill tree in diablo , where you start off with like , two abilities then as you go up levels , more options become available to you , in addition to sinking the points into existing skills . 
  z said there was a respec option , but declined to elaborate on it yet , save that it gets more ` costly ' the more times you use it . 
  yeah , that was a point that was strongly put forth by many posters on that thread . 
  imo , it 's part of the problems with narrow skills - sp you spend on them is wasted if you 're not using them , so there 's a strong desire to respec . 
  many skills in eve have broad application , but few skills in dust are that broad . 
  the problem with many broad skills is that it takes to freaking long to get good at any one role because there 's a bunch of support skills you need to train to catch up . 
  could be , who knows . 
  kane was being quite a ditch , but nova should have taken it to the cpm private forum instead of fighting in that thread . 
  there 's a fair bit of shooting involved in incursions . 
  it would really help if that 4 hours per week were all in one play session though . 
  at present , making copies is slower than building them , so you 'll have to get these blueprint copies from elsewhere . 
  but yes , for fastest manufacturing , you 'll need to remove the bottlenecks , which are , in decreasing order :, 
  capital cargo bays, 
  capital construction parts, 
  anything else,
