  personally , i 'd do amarr + minmatar first , because of bhaalgorns . 
  ashimmus are legit bhaalgorn analogs . 
  i hope you bought those tickets with prior winnings rather than paying real isk for them . 
  13 bids @ 115m each is 1495m , i.e. 
  over 100m more than market price . 
  i disagree . 
  the fact that voting is compulsory forces political parties to not be pants-on-head stupid , or they 'll lose the mainstream voters . 
  in the us , optional voting means that it 's easier to convince an already-partisan voter to get off their arse and vote , than it is to sway a swinging voter to your side , which is why they 're in the ridiculous situation they 're now in with the religious right and tea party . 
  if they hit you with clubs , does that make you the seal of disapproval ? 
  i 'm lactose intolerant and can still eat a couple slices of pizza ; intolerance just means each slice i eat in one sitting is going to be worse than the one before . 
   a hypothesis of the development of peanut allergy has to do with the way peanuts are processed in north america versus other countries , such as pakistan and china , where peanuts are widely eaten . 
  according to a 2003 study , roasting peanuts , as more commonly done in north america , causes the major peanut allergen ara h2 to become a stronger inhibitor of the digestive enzyme trypsin , making it more resistant to digestion . 
  [ 27 ] additionally , this allergen has also been shown to protect ara h1 , another major peanut allergen , from digestion -- a characteristic further enhanced by roasting . 
  isboxer works well for tornado fleets :-), 
  depends how much alpha you want . 
  eight should be enough to alpha battlecruisers or smaller . 
  isboxer works best with alpha ships vov . 
  i would n't use isboxer for more than about 10 clients anyway . 
  you could probably isbox a slowcat setup fairly easily though . 
  the idea is that since they have been eating boiled peanuts already , they wo n't develop an allergy to roasted ones . 
  it would be interesting to verify this claim by checking the incidence of peanut allergy from westerners of asian descent . 
  if they were raised on a western diet , they may show evidence to confirm or disprove this hypothesis . 
  probably better to use a nighthawk than a passive tengu . 
  ah , the guy who bought that character then [ tried to get into pl ] ( https://www.pandemic-legion.com/forums/showthread.php?46727-thann-starlinbow ) with it . 
  take off the em rig ( who uses em drones on their barge outside of amarr space ? 
  ) , replace with an acr . 
  alternatively , take off the mse and replace with a masb and you do n't even need the acr . 
  then you can fit a small nos or neut . 
  i 'd get your ewar skills up a bit - at least skill up for tech 2 tracking disruptors , painters etc. 
  if you 're interested in hics , get graviton physics v. 
  if you 're interested in pirate implants , get cybernetics v. 
  shield upgrades v makes a bigger difference than you think . 
  i constantly regret not having it trained yet . 
  i 'd also get engineering subsystems to v. 
  looks like they took their blog down . 
  slot seven is easy to decide . 
  if you use heavy missiles or hams , take the + damage implants . 
  he could give his alt a sabre bpo while he 's at it . 
  some things i do to make isk , in no particular order :, 
  * rat in nullsec while waiting for ops, 
  * do exploration while dodging ev0ke, 
  * mine ice or ore ( generally in highsec ) while watching tv, 
  * make robotics via my planetary factories, 
  * sell capital ship and component blueprints ( bpos and bpc packs ), 
  * invent t2 ships and modules until i want to kill myself to get away from the bad ui, 
  * furiously manufacturing stuff as part of my patch speculation hobby, 
  if you can stand the clicking ( i ca n't ) you can make a few hundred million isk per week , per character . 
  ( invention/manufacturing alts are pretty quick to train up ), 
  i see people ratting in catalysts . 
  they 're probably only going belt to belt instead of tackling one of the cosmic anomalies or something more difficult , but they can pull in a few million per hour just by killing battleship rats that ca n't hit them due to size , 
  obviously you 'd have to make a range of items unless you really wanted to crash markets . 
  but , let me give you an example . 
  * 7 x thermonuclear trigger unit : 33.5 k each = 234.5 k, 
  * 0.27 * r.a.m. - weapon tech :100 k each = 27k, 
  * 1 x robotics : 72k ( usually about 60k ), 
  invention cost : ~ 40k per successful run, 
  manufacturing cost : 393k, 
  sell price : ~ 900k, 
  time to copy + invent : ~ 1 hour per run ( not using manufacturing slots ), 
  time to manufacture : ~ 3 hours, 
  profit per hour per manufacturing line : 155k, 
  profit per week for running ten lines : 260m assuming 24/7 running , so probably closer to 200m . 
  and this is just an average module , chosen at random , buying everything from the market instead of manufacturing them yourself . 
  yeah , a few hundred million isk per week is quite achievable . 
  according to my spreadsheet , you can make 561m isk/month manufacturing robotics from purchased p1 . 
  it 's still only the fourth-best p3 to manufacture . 
  invest in yourself . 
  +4 implants are good value , as are skill books . 
  ca n't find them . 
  post link ? 
  that gets me to the forum , but i still ca n't find the posts that have a list of all the skill trees . 
  lately , most people have been orbiting them instead . 
  it is the lowsec of mmo sites . 
  i especially like how the probing subsystem turns it into a [ mini avatar ] ( http://www.eve-wiki.net/images/e/e5/legionelectronic.jpg ) . 
  `` we will never have the elite , smart people on our side . '', 
  -- rick santorum , sep 2012, 
  then they , too , could own a towering pile of hats . 
  between 11 and 15 dollars , depending on how many months you pay for . 
  of course , you can use in game currency to buy more time from other players , although not everyone can afford the isk to do that every month . 
  i usually suggest new players remap maximum int , with the rest in perception . 
  theres a good six months of support skills they can train if they are diligent , but they need combat skills to actually shoot stuff . 
  good interview . 
  correct . 
  my remaps were :, 
  int/per for 6 months or so, 
  per/will for a year or two, 
  am just about to go to int/mem . 
  that 's the most shallow interpretation i 've seen all week . 
  in 9-266q , stargate ( bv-1jg ) and stargate ( h-pa29 ) are 283.34 au apart . 
  i belive that is the longest gate to gate warp in new eden . 
  one of goonswarm 's economics guys . 
  theyll probably reimburse any skill points you lose so i wouldnt worry about it . 
  worst case is you dont get the 4 x skill level . 
  this already exists in the hq/based at/other split , but like everything else corp-related , it does n't handle poses well . 
  sadly if my alliance did one , it would involve sheep . 
  large caldari pos plus so , so many ecm . 
  mynnna is like paul krugman except hes wrong a lot more about politics than economics . 
  you have been banned from / r/evepyongyang . 
  one character with ~ 250k skill points [ should be sufficient ] ( http://serpentinelogic.wordpress.com/2011/09/14/highsec-planetary-manufacturing/ ) . 
  more like a * sister * site .
