  ftfy . 
  tears . 
  this would n't be as useful if we could actually see tanks on scan . 
  i 'm insufficiently disgruntled to comment . 
  also , officer ar ... 
  minmatar heavy has a sick strafe speed . 
  you wo n't regret it . 
  i have like 150k sp in vehicles , but i often do well in my cheap ~ 90k tank :, 
  sica, 
  whatever turret you want ( i have separate militia rail and militia blaster fits ), 
  standard shield hardener, 
  standard light shield booster ( this may come pre-fit ), 
  standard armour hardener, 
  standard heavy armour repairer, 
  with hardeners off it 's pretty fragile but hey , it 's ridiculously cheap so you wo n't feel bad losing a couple per match to mistakes . 
  you might want to consider a blaster fit with a scanner for infantry hunting when you do n't have squad mates to scout for you . 
  realise that scout suits are , by definition more squishy than other suits , and you will lose more of them . 
  having said that , higher tier = more slots = more hit points , so sometimes it 's better to go to an advanced ( or more rarely , prototype ) suit for the durability . 
  note also that suit skills affect all tiers of the suit so you can , e.g. 
  train caldari scout v and get all the benefits , even when using a standard-grade caldari scout suit . 
  8-15k for standard suits , 25-45k for advanced suits depending on bpo , prototype suits are from 80k-180k but generally do n't get used . 
   dear players ,, 
   today dust 514 is scheduled to go offline for an extended period of time starting from 11:00 utc . 
  server is expected to come back up at approximately 11:45 utc . 
  today we are deploying the following changes :, 
   * changed amarr commando 's armor to 480 . 
   * changed heavy frame dropsuits ' shield recharge . 
   * changed commando mk .0 's high slot count to 2 . 
   * changed minmatar scout 's melee damage to 120 . 
   * removed erroneous 1hp/s innate healing on minmatar assault . 
   * corrected skill cost multiplier of amarr light suit - from x4 to x8 . 
  please note , the player sp will be deducted after this fix if the player updated the skill previously . 
   * reduced large railgun turret range from 600m to 300m . 
   * lowered maximum vehicle count in ambush and ambush oms to 2 per team . 
   * changed vehicle armor hardener bonus from 40 % to 25 % . 
   * corrected skill requirement of ` neo ' scout ck .0 and scout ck .0 . 
   * added skill requirement of am/ca light dropsuits and increased max pg/cpu of am and ca suits at adv and pro tiers . 
   * changed the std ga commando low slots count to 2 . 
   * changed isk heavy dropsuits ' prices . 
   * fixed a bug which makes certain fittings not run out of stock in battle upon death . 
   additionally , the following changes were planned to go out during downtime on the 27th . 
  however , during testing we found an issue with the changes that prevented them from working successfully . 
  rather than delay the other fixes we decided to follow up and fix these with a further update tomorrow ( the 28th ) . 
   * vehicle shield hardener bonus reduced from 60 % to 40 % . 
   * small railgun range has been reduced from 300m to 200m . 
   thank you for your patience and understanding . 
  what 's wrong with the [ news feeds we have ? 
  ] ( http://k162space.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/2011-09-27-14-51-41.png ), 
  i can just imagine a sansha rat saying over comes `` how do you like * that * escalation '', 
  yes , the snowy scheme was intensely political . 
  ** tldr ; 4 titans per month . 
  dnz has scooped up a bunch of alliances due to, 
  a ) political efforts to woo them, 
  b ) network effects ( ` top-tier corp x is in this new alliance and now we 've been asked as well - maybe it 's better to join them than get beaten ' ), 
  why ? 
  i do n't know what dns gets out of it ( maybe they have a bunch of reaction farms they want bonuses from ? 
  maybe they just want to be space mafia ? ), 
  but from the dust side , it 's * all about money * . 
  dns alliance has 72,888 clones on the ground , and build +16464 per day . 
  this translates to 8.01 b in assets + 1.646 b per day in dust isk . 
  so , that 's 49b per month . 
  seems * okay * . 
  then you think about the fact that there are many people or other alliances who are willing to give an eve alliance 600m eve isk to receive 100m dust isk ( this is a good trade because it 's approximately fifty times harder to get iso in dust than it is in eve ) , and suddenly that 's almost 4 titans per month worth of resources . 
  btw the bonus is only when/if you subscribe after the trial . 
  well , that player would get a months worth of playing time , so you 'd expect them to comp you an equivalent level of kick back . 
  face : caricature . 
  clothes : three piece suit . 
  fired status : avoided, 
  it 's a lot different going into a ` bonus room ' if, 
  a ) you 're mentally prepared for what 's going to happen beforehand, 
  b ) you have nine proxies full of alts already, 
  c ) you 're perfectly okay with your main being only useful for posting and eve mails , because that 's what it already does 99 % of the time, 
  d ) you 've ensured that there 's no assets on that character that you are n't prepared to lose , because you 've squirrelled away anything you want to keep on your alts, 
  e ) you love the attention anyway, 
  f ) it 's basically free advertising for the next bonus room scam you want to pull off . 
  if long distance is defined as  600m , then yes . 
  sure , although you 'll have to get used to bitches shooting back with better-customised suits . 
  i guess the question is whether the situation is more like, 
   `` guys , you sell these flights for $ 100 to the public but $ 102 to us . 
  fucking stop it . '', 
   `` guys , you sell these flights for $ 100 to the public , but we sell them for $ 102 so i think you guys should raise your price to the public to $ 102 as well . '', 
  til i should start building t1 modules . 
  generally it 's up to the poster to provide the readers with context . 
  yeah , it basically guts the child care worker industry . 
  $ 200/week is half the minimum wage - how do you compete with that ? 
  usually it 's the other way around , or its the same price but with rebates if targets are met . 
  unless it was a surcharge due to the gds platform ? 
  ie virgin used to be cheaper via api than via gds . 
  dirty ones . 
  more like lack of building housing is the problem . 
  negative gearing should only be for new houses or redevelopment of one house into multiple apartments etc. 
  that will clear up the housing crisis . 
  no , it 's not . 
  since all csm get their main account paid for the year they 're on the council , they 're already playing eve for free . 
  generally the people who are on the csm do n't have problems paying for their subscriptions anyway . 
  i 'm just a good poster . 
  i also do n't have to worry about finding the cash for a subscription , should i ever run out of plex , so it 's not a huge deal for me . 
  subreddit link comment, 
  eve 7482 23098, 
  todayilearned 1383 8120,
