  i do n't even get super , so no . 
  frankly , i think someone can easily afford a wife and kids on a household income of 75k , and anything else is gravy . 
  you 're probably looking for power grid management . 
  also , if you 're worried about people downvoting newbie questions , head to / r/evenewbies, 
  obviously op does . 
  settle , petal . 
  dhask was saying that it 's easy to game the system by redirecting money from himself to his wife , to get extra money from the government - something the labor scheme is immune to . 
  there 's a case to be made that the current government-paid maternity leave system does n't pay as much as it should . 
  there is zero case to be made that it should scale up with the income that you ` should have ' been getting if you were n't pregnant . 
  this is no longer a conversation , is it . 
  i also see where you 're coming from , but i reject the assertion that * government-provided * maternity pay should scale . 
  a fundamental principle of government is the concept of equality of citizens under the law . 
  this is why unemployment benefits do n't scale based on your last job , and pensions do n't give you more if you 're a retired ceo . 
  in fact , it 's often the reverse , for a variety of utilitarian , political and ideological reasons . 
  if an employer offers paid maternity leave , that 's their perogative and i would encourage them to base it on their employees ' salary , just like sick leave , public holidays or long service leave . 
  they can do this because they have the choice to hire that person or not , and have to compete against other companies to hire that person . 
  however , what this will * also * do is to dissuade employers from hiring as many women , especially if they 're in their late 20 's and early 30 's and are most likely to have children soon . 
  that 's not so cool . 
  so , the labor government stepped in and guaranteed 26 weeks at minimum wage as maternity leave . 
  that left the employers off the hook - they can certainly pay prospective employees extra money if they need to entice people to be hired , but they wo n't be out of pocket for some huge sum of money compared to hiring a male . 
  but , since it 's the government who 's footing the bill , it should not send the message that one woman 's child is worth more than another woman 's child just because the mother is paid more money , so hence the flat rate . 
  nope . 
  sorry about any [ tattoo you may have ] ( http://eve-files.com/chribba/veldsparized3.jpg ) . 
  you 're arguing on the basis of need . 
  the standard approach to apportioning resources based on need is, 
  applying an affordable , base level of support - considering that the support provided by the existing maternity scheme is already above unemployment benefits , this is already covered . 
  if you think it 's too low , then campaign for a higher minimum wage because those guys deal with it permanently , not just while on maternity leave . 
  1 . means testing to taper off support if you do n't need it - this is the exact opposite of what the liberal plan does . 
  you are under the apprehension that the federal government cares about an individual 's cost of living when assigning them benefits . 
  this is not true . 
  we may be a bit more left-leaning than the usa but we 're not that socialist . 
  lnp ppl is based on taxable income , not expenditure , so no . 
  i 'm not sure i even understand how you arrived at that . 
  yes , minimum wage is a separate topic - your position seems quite economically liberal , which is at odds with your position on federal maternity leave . 
  your point on maternity leave would make more sense if you were advocating * removing * the leave payment rather than adding to the [ welfare state ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/welfare_state ) . 
  unemployment benefits are also welfare , and are meant to be temporary , but nobody ties them to income . 
  ultimately , we 're arguing about fairness using different definitions of fairness . 
  my position is that the government should aim for [ equality of opportunity ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/equality_of_opportunity ) in this context : all expectant mothers are given the same money . 
  your position is that mothers who earn more , need more money , which is not equality of opportunity , or even [ equality of outcome ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/equality_of_outcome ) , but a [ regressive distribution ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/regressive_tax ) of resources . 
  tying income earned to perceived need is really shaky logic , so i suggest you think about the logical flaws exposed thus far . 
  eve epitomises cyberpunk . 
  you mean hedgehogs are n't hedges ? 
  do you play eve online ? 
  fair enough . 
  i have 18 months worth of plex in my hangar so i ca n't really say i 'm paying for it either . 
  yes , we get that , thank you . 
  if it 's not bannable , then let me tell you about my totally legit investment scheme . 
  i have correspondence from ccp that it 's okay !, 
  or have someone black ops bridge you closer . 
  as an australian , i have a lot more respect for those who left south africa during apartheid , than those who left afterwards . 
  lots of things cure cancer ^ ( in mice ) or stop aging ^ ( in mice ) . 
  why ? 
  because mice do n't generally * live long enough * to get cancer or die of old age , because they 're eaten by other things . 
  so , they have n't had the evolutionary pressure to live a bit longer to protect your kids or whatever , that longer-lived animals do . 
  so , a lot of the things that scientists have found throughout the years to extend life or suppress cancer are already floating around in our bodies ; they were just missing from mice . 
  i 'm not saying this is one of those things , but it pays to be a bit skeptical of stuff until human trials are done . 
  i have many sa friends , and a lot of sa acquaintances . 
  i guess a more nuanced categorisation would be :, 
  * left in the middle of apartheid : nice people . 
  * left when apartheid was falling apart : usually bitter , sometimes abhorrent, 
  * left only recently : disillusioned , spanning the gamut of niceness . 
  in the wild , your mice would have been eaten long before cancer would be a concern . 
  humans need to survive almost two decades just to reproduce , ideally a few decades after that if you want reproductive success . 
  for a mouse , anything after two years is gravy , so when you say, 
   so what 's the point ? 
  it strongly suggests that * you * do n't understand selective pressures . 
  well i 'm fairly certain / u/angrathias is having some problems with it . 
  i 'm fairly certain everyone would be pretty happy if this pans out . 
  you do know that tier 10 fw payouts are less than double that of tier 1 payouts , right ? 
  so why wait until level ten , when level five is sufficient ? 
  such is life . 
   so there 's obviously a few flaws with your argument . 
  1 ) humans can have children way before 20 , i 'd imagine 13-14 maybe be closer to the true limit . 
  that 's not a flaw , that 's a quibble . 
  it does n't affect the thrust of my argument that humans must be able to live for a lot longer to reproduce compared to mice , so there 's a much stronger selection pressure towards mutation-repression compared to mice . 
   2 ) humans are way smarter and have much less predators they need to worry about . 
  explain why intelligence or absence of predators defeats my argument . 
  if anything , it supports it , because they mean humans live even longer , which means more time to have and raise children , which means a larger selection pressure against getting cancer . 
  my corp 's management style is `` reel from crisis to crisis like a drunken sailor '', 
  journal :, 
  [ declining nad + induces a pseudohypoxic state disrupting nuclear-mitochondrial communication during aging ] ( http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/s0092867413015213 ) ( cell ), 
   ** highlights **, 
   * a specific decline in mitochondrially encoded genes occurs during aging in muscle, 
   * nuclear nad + levels regulate mitochondrial homeostasis independently of pgc-1\u03b1 / \u03b2, 
   * declining nad + during aging causes pseudohypoxia , which disrupts oxphos function, 
   * raising nuclear nad + in old mice reverses pseudohypoxia and metabolic dysfunction, 
   ever since eukaryotes subsumed the bacterial ancestor of mitochondria , the nuclear and mitochondrial genomes have had to closely coordinate their activities , as each encode different subunits of the oxidative phosphorylation ( oxphos ) system . 
  mitochondrial dysfunction is a hallmark of aging , but its causes are debated . 
  we show that , during aging , there is a specific loss of mitochondrial , but not nuclear , encoded oxphos subunits . 
  we trace the cause to an alternate pgc-1\u03b1 / \u03b2-independent pathway of nuclear-mitochondrial communication that is induced by a decline in nuclear nad + and the accumulation of hif-1\u03b1 under normoxic conditions , with parallels to warburg reprogramming . 
  deleting sirt1 accelerates this process , whereas raising nad + levels in old mice restores mitochondrial function to that of a young mouse in a sirt1-dependent manner . 
  thus , a pseudohypoxic state that disrupts pgc-1\u03b1 / \u03b2-independent nuclear-mitochondrial communication contributes to the decline in mitochondrial function with age , a process that is apparently reversible . 
   you were not specific about which selective pressures so that 's a moot point which can only lead a reasonable person to presume you were talking generally about all pressures . 
  do n't backtrack ; * you * just did n't understand ; everyone else in this thread did . 
   take a look at these stats and you 'll see what i mean , its almost non-existent for people below 25 . 
  it 's almost as if those stats are of a species that has had millions of years of selective pressure * not * to get cancer before procreation . 
  meh , it 's ten aur . 
  that 's like five cents . 
  and yet , nobody in hollywood can do an australian accent besides australians . 
  approximately all of them .
