  someone i know got a loan agreement drawn up between them and their parents , because the sum was also pretty significant ( $ 60k + ) . 
  basically it was repayable ` on demand ' , which realistically meant that the parents would not ask for the money back but it * would * come out of that kid 's share of the inheritance . 
  yeah , i do n't think it cost much to draw up the agreement ; apparently it 's pretty much boilerplate . 
  do they really ? 
  or maybe it 's more that uq and professor frazer get royalties , because that 's the revenue model that best suits a research organisation . 
  hard to say , but anyone in autz probably has the cors bug that stops the webgl ship browser from working . 
  they 've fixed a few things but they only release changes every now and then because of the overhead involved . 
  contact her super fund , they 'll be keen to help you . 
  after all , you are trying to give them money . 
  if you can afford to , paying about double the minimum repayment is optimal for paying the loan quicker but not going so hard you burn out . 
   the tax offset is calculated as 18 % of the lesser of :, 
  * $ 3,000 , reduced by $ 1 for every $ 1 that the sum of your spouse 's assessable income , total reportable fringe benefits amounts and reportable employer superannuation contributions for the year was more than $ 10,800, 
  * the total of your contributions for your spouse for the year . 
  so it may not be a huge amount anyway . 
  18 % is a decent rate of return and totally worth doing if you did n't have a loan , but you 'll need to run an interest calculator about whether it 's best left in the offset account or not . 
  modafinil is a hell of a drug . 
   now you go out , you find a fight , and your 2 hours of grind get disintegrated in 2 minutes . 
  it just does n't feel like you got your money 's worth . 
  that 's where the problem lies : the magnitude of loss is not about the ship itself , it 's about the effort required to replace it . 
  i think we all understand that a noob losing his first vexor is going to take it a lot harder than a veteran losing the same ship , because the vet can replace it faster . 
  so , there 's three ways to get someone who 's risk-averse into more fights :, 
  make the risk less . 
  given the choice between rolling with a small gang of 5 guys vs fleeting up in a full blob , the risk-averse will choose the blob . 
  they might even bring a battleship because they see the risk of being singled out to be lower . 
  make isk-making faster . 
  this means good ratting opportunities or whatever , so a 3-hour grind to replace a ship becomes 30 minutes . 
  this works fine for noobs because they 'll naturally get better at ratting as their skills improve . 
  hell , you can even give them fully-fit frigates all day long because it 's peanuts to an older player . 
  for vets , though , this is a risky thing to do because it 's possible that they 'll just get addicted to getting more isk and you ca n't get them into fleet because they 'll lose out on their share of sweet sanctum goodness . 
  make isk-making * way less effort * . 
  i call this the [ philosophy of passive income ] ( https://serpentinelogic.wordpress.com/2011/04/28/the-philosophy-of-passive-income/ ) : if you exerted no effort to * get * the isk , you do n't feel bad about * losing * it . 
  imo this is by far the best way to get risk-averse veterans to undock . 
  tried double-clicking your portrait ? 
  entry-level jobs often are . 
  probably better to show multiple skins in the same shot if possible . 
  i mean , i like the sanctuary skin in the image , but imo it needed a normal soe version to contrast against its grimdarkness . 
  eve-bet seems to be the best of them, 
  [ for comparison ] ( https://s3.amazonaws.com/static.oculus.com/website/2015/06/riftblog1.jpg ), 
  dota2 runs fine on my mac book pro . 
  $ 80/hour x 220 days/year . 
  fairly achievable for an experienced professional . 
  i did . 
  it was pretty neat . 
  i never said i was on that , but i 'm at least closer to 80 than to 40 . 
  come to think about it , you 'd need closer to 90/hour , forgot about super . 
  you should do an ama, 
  i guess the point is that not everyone at e3 had seen it . 
  the vp was n't always from the same political party as the president , though ... 
  you can , but your buddy will get 30 days extra subscription instead of a plex , which makes it difficult to split . 
  well you can get buddy links at / r/new _ eden_link_bot . 
  yes , a tristan is fine . 
  i like missiles but drones are perfectly capable of wrecking face . 
  eventually you 'll learn quite a few weapon types so do n't feel you have to stick with drones forever . 
  i do this occasionally . 
  it 's not a huge income stream but it also removes wrecks that could be used for easy warp-ins , and it 's easy to do . 
  so they get 2 x whatever their average weekly pay was over the previous year . 
  well , if the shoe fits ... 
  australian here . 
  do n't mind the smoking ruin ; that 's just the bushfires . 
  i do n't think i 've made a courier contract with < 50m collateral for years . 
  pretty effectively , as it turns out . 
  i would happily pay 10m isk not to fly to stacmon and back . 
  are there other unions you can join ? 
  perhaps one less shit ? 
  they 're public locations , so they can be fleet warped to . 
  you 're already getting a good buy by putting money into your offset account . 
  new zealand is making bank on milk sales to china . 
  the hype is real ( if not on the same scale as mining , at least it 's vaguely sustainable ), 
  well that 's unfortunate , since any fleet i join immediately becomes badly-skilled . 
  root your device and install an enhanced security rom . 
  there 's lots out there . 
  well , the recent australian government has given them a pass . 
  pretty easy to catch up if the other guy stars taking steps backward . 
  officially , no . 
  for short hauls , nothing . 
  for long hauls , upwards of 50 %, 
  i flashed cm12s , then had to reflash an old wifi radio driver and patched google play services just to make the phone usable again . 
  still get ghost touch issues that i 'm waiting for a good nightly build for . 
  i 'll certainly look into it , thanks !, 
  no backsies , mate . 
  i thought battlecruisers could already fit medium mjds ? 
  eve wallet aware ? 
  i find it amusing that some people just buy casual nestors . 
  probably easier to manage it all in fleet-up . 
  that 's not wages then , it 's investment, 
  you can also register with a dust514 account , which you can create online without needing an actual playstation . 
  200/month is like 1.6 % yield on 150k . 
  that 's really not good . 
  really . 
  you sure it is n't 200/week ? 
  ok so that 's about 9.6 % gross . 
  that 's pretty decent . 
  you probably need the reaver for heart anyway . 
  arcanes on ck is actually a legitimate option . 
  you basically never worry about mana again . 
  you can even take ultimate at level 6 . 
  well , the diffusal upgrade is excellent value so it 's good while it lasts . 
  oh , so the csm * are * alive after all . 
  cm and ck at level 2 are the best gank pair . 
  level 3 aura allows ck to recover for the next gank .
