  a small tower will handle a few players , so work on that basis . 
  eventually you 'll out grow it , but it 's best to get experience first . 
  small towers can fit maybe three labs . 
  mediums fit five , which is nice . 
  you 'll need a bunch of advanced labs and maybe one basic lab for time research . 
  i suggest you put your tower in a system with research slots provided by a station , so you can handle overflow or low priority stuff there . 
  then , set fees such that all filled copy slots will just break even on fuel , and any research that 's done is profit . 
  it 's the logical extension of rubicon deployables . 
  look harder ? 
  if there were no cap , they 'd be on 50m sp by now . 
  confirming that simon baker is a sexy , sexy aussie . 
  i loved him in la confidential . 
  so does squid , tofu and rice . 
  does n't mean it 's eaten purely for the taste . 
  facebook ? 
  you have now been charged in queensland with theft of bodily fluids . 
  google for eve isk per hour . 
  r. a. m. items are slow to make but cheap , and if you get into tech 2 invention you 'll need them anyway . 
  plus , the blueprints are cheap . 
  perhaps try your hand with those . 
  what time zone ? 
  i just contact leboe and he organises it for me . 
  so , pretty-much always . 
  thet 's cirruct . 
  perhaps he followed the george lucas school of dictionary-writing . 
  but , kerb and curb are different things ... 
  changing your mind and apologising ? 
  are you sure you 're meant to be in / r/politics ? 
  it 's like columbo in that regard . 
  i respect you 3/36ths more after reading that . 
  lemon aids !, 
  australian here . 
  our entire country pronounces it cah . 
  after all , you 've already book markedthem , so it sshould be easy to clean up . 
  i joined the first corp that smashed me into pieces during a pub match . 
  not even [ in space ] ( http://massively.joystiq.com/2011/07/02/ccp-responds-to-monoclegate-reaches-consensus-with-players/ ) . 
  we even have the option written into our constitution for nz to join . 
  it 's because of cuba 's employment regulations . 
  each profession has a maximum salary , and if you want the highest pay , you 'll likely have to be a doctor , so that 's what the smart cubans study . 
  some experts suggest that asians exhibit the most neoteny , all things being equal . 
   ( assault rifle sharpshooter ), 
  `` sorry , trigger finger slipped . '', 
  sadly no . 
  you only know some details if you emailed them the link . 
  just buy a subscription through the eve web site . 
  if you do n't want to cash in a plex for isk , it 's the cheaper option . 
  i would pay $ 5000 . 
  i would not like it and would consider it to be unfair , but i would pay . 
  but not for fttn , only for ftth . 
   any news on a pc release ? 
   now that the ps4 is out , am i silly for getting a ps3 to play this game ? 
  not if the ps3 is cheap enough , no . 
  personally , i 'd wait until the second-generation of ps4 before having regrets . 
  there 's always issues with first-gen consoles . 
  after a while , you can go infinite . 
  i think i have about 18 months worth of other players ' game time stockpiled . 
  rlml caracals are still a thing . 
  australia allows selective buy-up over your standard commonwealth socialised health system . 
  in some cases , it 's clear-cut : there 's a waiting list for knee reconstructions , but if you 're covered by private health insurance , you have an additional pool of doctors so you can jump the queue . 
  or a doctor of your choice instead of the first one available . 
  or a private hospital room . 
  or massages . 
  whatever . 
  or , there 's a huge list of discounted medicines in australia , but if you want an expensive treatment that is n't covered because only five people even have the disease , you better have private health insurance ( even then it might be iffy ) . 
  but , there 's no way to jump the queue for organ donation or stuff like that . 
  about the most you might manage is a hospital of your choice . 
   i meant from the time you arrive and start the paperwork till you see a doctor . 
  in other countries , there *** is *** no paperwork . 
  show id , get treated . 
  [ tldr it 's fine ] ( http://jestertrek.blogspot.com.au/2013/11/the-first-two-minutes.html ), 
  actual flags worn as capes or whatever , though ? 
   a resistance trained elderly man will have roughly have the same strength as an untrained ~ 20 year old . 
  and you really only need a bit ; something like 3-5 reps per week . 
  i read that in ketut 's voice . 
  as the falklands war showed , it 's also safer to get shot in cold weather . 
  the sun is very heavy , so the amount of energy generated per kilogram might be very low and it would still be really bright . 
  i 'm fairly certain that your compost pile will run out of energy within a billion years , so i 'd say at a given moment might be the most prudent option . 
  why not go on a road trip to the other side of the cluster ? 
  i hear solitude is nice this time of year . 
  as long as you can pay for the next one , you 're fine . 
  they can come too . 
  but the procurers have five times the effective hit points . 
  generally , you 'd deploy siphons with out of corp alts . 
  ca n't find source because it was on tv , but there was a battle in the falkland war where it was ridiculously cold , and a lot of british soldiers survived wounds that would normally have killed them because their bodies shut down in the near-freezing temperatures , and they survived long enough to get airlifted to a medical facility . 
  why do n't you put her in charge ? 
  [ this ] ( http://www.eveonline.com/creations/wallpapers/apocrypha-blue-nebula/ ) is still my wallpaper after all those years . 
  or follow both . 
  whatever . 
  [ small pos ] ( http://eve.1019.net/pos/index.php ) = 7,200 fuel for 30 days = about 120m isk . 
  there should be militia versions of anything that would reasonably be expected to go on a racial starter fit . 
  militia anything else is neither here nor there ; sooner or later , players have to bite the bullet and spend 12k sp and try stuff out . 
  that 's because they 're large turrets . 
  not getting the full experience is partof mmos . 
  part of the game experience of mmos is gated content ; things you can do at level 10 that you ca n't do at level 1 . 
  some games accomplish that using an experience point system ; others like planetside 2 use paid unlocks . 
  could be new zealand . 
  maybe it 's the climate . 
  * all sp refunded back to your pool, 
  * all isk from skillbooks refunded back to your wallet, 
  and depending on the type of reset :,
