  and furniture you can cut yourself on . 
  perhaps that 's just what your mom * wanted * you to think . 
  if not to die , then to morrow . 
  reflecting ? 
  projecting , more like . 
  their natural habitat is winter . 
  let 's not be too hasty . 
  there 's a lot of that stuff on both sides of the house lately . 
  you may not realise this , but rudd 's changes to the way labor handles it 's leadership spills has zero effect on what the liberals do in the same situation . 
  well , that explains the squad broken slash fiction in eve online . 
  [ eventually . 
  ] ( https://wiki.eveonline.com/wikien/images/3/3a/ccp_games_-_eve_chronicles_-_tibus_heth_caldari_pilot_-_fd_02.jpg ), 
  just get a second hand one . 
  i got mine for a hundred bucks . 
  the eve economy is more resilient than you think . 
  er , it 's 30 % of what 's left after damage control , so, 
  60 % + ( whatever 's left * 30 % ) = 72 %, 
  if you paid attention in high school maths , you 'd know that it does n't matter . 
  order only matters for stacking penalty . 
  without up/downvotes , this could get awkward . 
  i confess i initially read that as `` second hand fisting fleet '' , which still made sense so i just went with it . 
  think of it this way : which political party would you be happy to give $ 2.50 to ? 
  you 've already decided to vote progressive with an anti-authoritarian tint ; you 're just having trouble deciding which particular flavour to choose . 
  um , you do know that a lot of reforms ( gonski et al ) were kicked off by rudd as soon as he got in ? 
  sending it out to a committee to work out how best to do it without unintended fuckups does take time . 
  if anything , you should be pleased he was even thinking long-term about this stuff instead of half-arsing it . 
  heck , by the time most of the commissions got back with results , he was n't even in power . 
  are you the same guy who posted this on the dust forums ? 
  hey guys , if you 're going to downvote this , pop in an explanation about why , so i can refute it . 
  isk is still the currency code , though , like gbp , aud and usd . 
  even the forums are flaky . 
  everywhere . 
  do you have a union rep ? 
  it 's a bit chicken-and-egg , really , since how do you show your support for a micro party , except voting them [ 1 ] ? 
  personally , i 'll happily throw minor parties a bone in the senate , even if they do n't reach the 4 % threshold . 
   if a poll is n't willing to admit the truth of that background info , is it still going to be convincing ? 
  i 'd view it with suspicion . 
  most people would accept it , just like they accept chain letters , anti-vax , birtherism and anti-deficitism . 
   do most people really accept anti-vax arguments ? 
  there are a lot more people who are * unsure * about the topic than you 'd expect . 
   also , [ here is a preview of the transformation mode on the kronos ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewqavmuujr4 ) . 
  i believe that was because of some huge fucking floods that happened . 
  torps accelerate a lot faster in 1.1 . 
  yeah , well i 'm reading reddit . 
  nanny states * help * people ( possibly more than they should ) . 
  i think you meant * police * state . 
  my scrams are awesome and overheat approximately never , but im being killed a * lot * more often by assault rifles at ridiculous ranges . 
  and it works out what your bin day is via gps . 
  tell me they did not do that :-(, 
  i had problems with my location the first time but the devs fixed it the next day after i mailed them . 
  well , that and aim assist . 
  always have a clutch uplink , for situations where you get pushed off all the nearby objectives and are at risk of needing to walk from your red line . 
  it was in the patch notes that they were ; have n't tried them yet . 
  signs point to no , though . 
  featured promotions please . 
  because shell alliances . 
  swarm is about the same , but only 3 in clip means you can pop lavs but the reload gives tanks time to escape . 
  nothing in the patch notes , so chances are that they still suck . 
  picking up a scottish accent is its own reward . 
  i think they 're a bit sick of having shit writers covering it . 
  election 2013 : `` better the devil you know '' edition . 
  so , everyone . 
  we rage a lot , but we 're really thankful for the fast turnaround on these bugs . 
  say hi to the mayor of reykjavik for me . 
  he 's a seriously awesome dude . 
  sort by best . 
  regardless , the libs have burnt a fuckton off goodwill today . 
  maybe it was non-core final . 
  i know that feel . 
  free market liberalism , socially right wing though . 
  they tightened the front scan cone as well . 
  do n't go that far . 
  stop in australia ; there 's lots of dust players there . 
  sniper rifle has no aim assist anyway . 
  still in wa tho . 
  broome , 
  i admit i 've been calling in my lav fit with an active scanner a lot more often this week . 
  australian notes are just different sizes to help the visually impaired . 
  huge . 
  the notes are easy to counterfeit and accepted in many countries . 
  is that you , awox ? 
  but seriously , when i was in hedland i really missed green grass . 
  empty a packet of all-bran into it , then . 
  what 's worse is when it gets stuck in the undercarriage of your 4wd while you 're on the track and starts a fire and burns out various hoses . 
  was going down the gary highway ( highway ? 
  and had to stop every fifteen clicks to pull out smouldering clumps from underneath :(, 
  the ord river area & the kimberleys are a great place to visit . 
  over nine thousand . 
  oh , is that what they call it these days . 
  dropping a speed mod for a damp should let you buff your shield tank with the spare power grid . 
  my matches on patch day were rough , but lately they have been much better . 
  wonder if ii 'm being matched against mouse users now . 
  if so , that 's much fairer than ploughing through nubs or being auto aimed at ranges i ca n't hit them back from . 
  my polling booth ran out of snags already . 
  travesty . 
  welcome to the free market . 
  i had halal snags at a recent school event . 
  way better than normal ones . 
  yes . 
  so , stay up late and fight russians .
