  but you 'll have to wait an hour to come back afterwards . 
  i suspect a bit of market manipulation is happening . 
  as long as they set sufficient collateral on the contract . 
  if he did n't * already * have a 12-day timer he would have been okay . 
  is it the game length , or the inability to pause ? 
  if it 's the latter , maybe play bot games . 
  while i was there, 
  my condolences , mate . 
  set up a separate company . 
  this guy is a great medallion and urn carrier . 
  go invisible , use items that do n't use mana , get assist , get gold . 
  he does n't jungle well at all , and it 's hard to get a lane position so hero kills are the best way to get income . 
  on the other hand , a vexor navy issue is like 65m , which is only 1/15th of his wealth ( or , approximately $ 1 of that plex ) . 
  i 'm not saying go out and lose a * dozen * of them , but it 's fine to buy one if you have a reason to , because it 's not a crippling loss . 
  i think what lazy_employee means is that while you will have a lot of money , your actual * income * is still newbie-level , so do n't spend like you won the lottery . 
  it was quite an experience dining in alice springs and ordering a mixed plate of camel , crocodile , roo and emu . 
  camel was by far the tastiest . 
  $ 20 , sure . 
  $ 200,000 , fuck off i 'm coming to get you . 
  total cost of the new frigates we 're getting = 0.95 nbns . 
  that 's one opinion . 
  of you purge it off you , does your opponent lose it too ? 
  isk is like rl money : it 's way more fun to spend it than accumulate more . 
  that 's why a lot of newbies are risk-averse - they know how much effort is required to get the money to recoup a ship loss . 
  however , if you [ reduce the effort required ] ( https://serpentinelogic.wordpress.com/2011/04/28/the-philosophy-of-passive-income/ ) to get that income , then the pain is also reduced . 
  not really . 
  you profit from wholesale and retail sale , but retail company only pays profit on sale price minus cost price , less gst etc. 
  nice !, 
  although i already have enough to press in quick succession , what with blink , blade mail and duel : / would you recommend armlet in place of blade mail ? 
  ... then piping it to slack . 
  pfft . 
  as if that guy could keep up with my mum . 
  as an aside , what destroys pl ? 
  / r/new _ eden_link_bot, 
  if the house was in a major country , i 'd consider investing the money over there . 
  yeah fair enough, 
  i recall him mentioning once or twice over the years , that he had a titan . 
  the same carr who was mentioned in a wiki leak that the usa considered him to be a staunch ally of their interests ? 
  or the ato could say ` we do n't care whether it 's a taxi or limousine service , it 's definitely * one * of the two , so you better charge gst ', 
  i do n't get super or accrue leave at my job . 
  it 's not a set-in-stone requirement . 
   when choosing a corp focus on what they do and what their culture is , not the tax rate . 
  having said that , if they have a 15 % tax rate there better be some seriously good corporate perks . 
  too german ; did n't watch . 
   can dust players choose what systems they attack in faction warfare ? 
   can eve players transfer isk to dust players ? 
  not officially , but there are third-party services that do this , provided they do n't run out of one type of isk . 
  also , we checked with ccp and they do n't mind the isk ` transfer ' as long as it 's all within their own games . 
  depends on the contract . 
  500 runs seems a little low for some items and too high for others . 
  maybe just give enough max run copies for one year x one slot . 
  the hard bit is getting the eyes in the first place . 
  `` player '', 
  will they be on youtube ? 
  twitch is unreliable on my connection . 
  there are ( legal ) [ drugs ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/16gyx6/why_does_pepcid_ac_or_histamine2s_successfully/ ) that can suppress the negative side effects , but they also suppress metabolising the alcohol so it 's dangerous for binge drinking . 
  did the target list move around ? 
  if so , i think there 's a small circle with a plus sign on top that you can drag to move around where the targets go . 
  it might be hidden behind your overview . 
  if it 's not that , but it 's camera-related rather than where the targets are on your ui , then you may have pressed ` c ' to centre your camera on your current target . 
  pressing c again will toggle this off , and let you have free camera control again . 
  if it 's out of game stuff you want to trade , you need out of game stuff . 
  why not just convert everything into plex and donate it to the plex for good character that ccp has ? 
  it will go to the next charity drive they run . 
  report pudge, 
  buy a ward , stack camps , baby sit a rune , rotate to another lane to set up a gank or force out some of their healing . 
  slark will leave the lane and make plays soon enough . 
  switch to australian server ? 
  here come the social jackdaw warriors ... 
  buy order * triggered * . 
  from where most of australia stands , bernie sanders is a moderate leftist , elizabeth warren is decidedly centrist , and anyone from hillary onward is an unabashed right-wing politician . 
  america * really * needs to fix its overton window . 
  hell , we even have a major political party that formed to push through minimum wage and other labour laws . 
  so you 're the pot , and he 's the kettle ? 
  vanguard mfs charge the 1 % because, 
  * they have to cater for people putting in tiny amounts , often, 
  * they have to then spread that amount among multiple etfs according to the fund guidelines, 
  so it 's $ 500/week spread between say four funds , which is impossible to do cost-effectively or time-effectively by an individual . 
  so , etfs for large inputs a few times a year , mf for regular inputs / many etfs . 
  well if you were worried about the aud dropping you 'd probably prioritise the international funds ( and vice versa if you were worried about the aud rising ) but at the end of the day you should have a target percentage for each fund . 
  you ca n't just ignore one fund because you think it will go down ; you stick to your product mix , or actually commit to rebalancing permanently . 
  made a lot of committees that formed popular policies for him and gillard . 
  on the other hand , at least you bought when it was cheaper than today , so you have that going for you . 
  no cheating but they 're slightly better than hard but your bots make more mistakes vs them . 
  ccp logic, 
  i ca n't wait for them to * roll out * . 
  i think there 's definitely space for an ai to pick up my pi from a customs office and deliver it to my station , or for an ai to courier my stuff around even if i ca n't set collateral . 
  or an ai to fly around looting my wrecks even though i only get a share of the loot . 
  basically , ai to replace the shitty no-fun alts we have . 
  which is why it will never happen , because ccp needs the subscriptions . 
  is there really that much fun ganking people who act like bots ? 
  oh wait , thousands of players shoot red crosses each day . 
  forget i asked . 
  i remember the uq dean of engineering showing us a scramjet nozzle and promising great things ` soon ' in the * mid-1990s * . 
  so yeah , it 's been a long road . 
  i already have enough people who hate me , i do n't need more . 
  it 's probably good if the other players get a big boost from it . 
  for instance , giving an earlyish aghs to a tiny , warlock , kotl or treant would be a big boost . 
  wow, 
  literally two hours ago .
