  normal , hard or unfair ? 
  what ratio is your super ? 
  you may need to compensate for its mix . 
  shhh , you 're breaking the narrative, 
  bane has a channel disable , so having a book means guaranteed damage and mana burn . 
  treads into blink into bkb ? 
  blade mail requires good right click damage from your opponent . 
  if you 're going for faster picks on supports , why not medallion ? 
  just world fallacy much ? 
  it never * ignored * aussies ; it was actively * hostile * to them . 
  she can jungle . 
  do n't jungle . 
  go off lane , with jungle when you get pushed out . 
  overwhelming odds is great , press the attack should get a value point , moment of courage is not as nerfed as originally thought . 
  always try to press the attack before initiating . 
  the common initiator is blink , but if you are against someone with a great passive then consider silver edge . 
  duel is hard solo , bring a nuker friend , preferably one with a medallion . 
   what would you consider reasonable for a ship skin ? 
  [ prices like these ] ( http://dota2.backpack.tf/market ) . 
  you should be fine with the thrasher until perhaps the last two missions . 
  some fits here :, 
  the risk to you is low , after all , your mate just gave you $ 100k . 
  the risk to your mate can be mitigated by making it an actual loan agreement , so if you get hit by a car he still gets his money from your estate . 
  drawing up an agreement like that should cost a couple hundred bucks , which your mate can wear since he 's the one at risk . 
  also , he only gives back the $ 4000 at the end of the year , so it 's kinda better than it looks . 
  it 's part of greece . 
  the workers * are * valuable though . 
  yes . 
  given equally-skilled pilots you 'll lose , but player skill is * not * distributed equally in eve . 
  bank branches are becoming more like a travel agent . 
  in the past , you 'd go to the bank for really mundane tasks like moving $ 50 from one account to another . 
  these are exactly the kinds of things that banks now want you to do online . 
  travel agents are the same : the last thing they want is for you to spend a bunch of their time on a one-way economy flight from sydney to melbourne . 
  it 's just low-value-add stuff . 
  but , back in the day , going into a branch was the only way to do banking ( and the only way to book flights ) . 
  on the other hand , the bank really likes it if you come in for advice on that home loan , or to solve a problem you 're having - the real , big-ticket stuff that speaking to a bank employee can really help with . 
  from a customer service standpoint , it 's like the guy who goes into the travel agent wanting a round-the-world trip ; the agent will be really excited to dispense advice and generally make things awesome for the customer . 
  you 'll probably notice that banks now employ fewer tellers and more advisors/experts than they used to ; it 's due to the changing nature of the customer base . 
  tldr ; easy stuff -  online , complicated stuff -  branch, 
  source : have worked for a travel agency and a bank . 
  just remember than only t2 guns can use t2 ammunition , some of which is really , really good . 
  that 's why you go on bane , 
  there 's still sales targets for the larger players , even if there is lower commission ( not zero , btw ) . 
  `` do this much total transaction volume through our airline and we 'll give you $ 5m . '', 
  can you tutor at the university ? 
  hell , tutoring your mates in exchange for beer is still a win . 
  just hand in some tags . 
  chanel tags . 
  pop a cap booster . 
  you know , the blue ones . 
  i would hate to be on the receiving end of fv+w arlock . 
  i know it 's a pain to get put on hold , but have you tried calling centrelink rather than showing up in a branch ? 
  why do you want pictures of indian cars anyway, 
  they get lower bonuses so yeah , maybe . 
  we get nothing from them now , so we lose nothing . 
  : windows :, 
  in lower tiers , diffusal first is a much safer choice . 
  we do constant studies in australia , since since the early 90 's it 's been a favourite political statement that welfare cheats abound and we 'd save a large amount of money if we found them and kicked them out off welfare . 
  turns out all the investigations found only a fraction of a percent of people are actually welfare cheats , so it 's actually more expensive to find them and kick them off welfare than it is to keep them on it . 
  ( because of investigation costs , plus the fact that they then turn to crime or begging , since they are n't willing to work ), 
  needless to say ` welfare cheats ' is still a political meme but it 's not borne out by pragmatic realism . 
  the implication , should you choose to contemplate it , is that perhaps, 
  your statement deserves some nuance in light of common misapprehensions about welfare fraud . 
  electrical engineers are contractually obligated to support imaginary numbers . 
  \\ #twelveflags, 
  anyone in australia who says ` dude ' is probably a cunt , so yeah . 
  do you see the occasional high skill unranked matches ? 
  ok , so that implies you are legitimately in the 1700 + bracket for team unranked then . 
  well , a $ 15 minimum wage is mostly catching up with inflation anyway , so why not both ? 
  i think australia 's minimum wage stops tapering at age 21 . 
  the idea is that kids are encouraged to finish high school , but if they pick up a casual job they 'll be cheaper than the full-timers - even though they get the higher casual rate . 
  however , as they get older the playing field levels out . 
  fast food places in australia are often staffed by teenagers , with a smattering of adults supervising ( day shift is usually adults since it 's hard to get teenagers during school hours ) . 
  it 's seen as a valuable starter job , and nobody is upset that they ca n't all flip burgers all the way to retirement . 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/serpentinelogic, 
  yes , it 's sometimes amusing to see people you recognise outside of their home subs . 
  you have acute accent, 
  so , what ` the timings ? 
  0:40 flash farm , stack camp, 
  1:40 flash farm , get rune, 
  2:40 flash farm , stack camp, 
  3:40 flash farm , get rune, 
  4:40 flash farm , flash farm camp, 
  etc ? 
  some of their dishes are a bit mainstream but their laksas are pretty decent . 
  is there a catch ? 
  like , if there 's a $ 200/year fee to have a card then it 's not 0 % is it . 
  just trying to work out why a credit card company would do such a thing . 
  yeah . 
  fixed window is probably the best way to do it . 
  why not make things more consistent :, 
  * 100mm plate, 
  * 200mm plate, 
  * 400mm plate, 
  * 800mm plate, 
  * 1600mm plate, 
  * ** 3200mm plate ** ( new ), 
  and, 
  * 1kt shield extender ( was : small ), 
  * 2kt shield extender ( was : medium ),
