  veu is different . 
  the us fund has income that 's foreign to both the us and australia so we are double taxed . 
  vgs is domiciled in australia so the foreign income is covered by direct tax treaties we have with the us and europe , so it is not double taxed . 
  this extra yield basically pays for the higher management expense , so it becomes very similar returns compared with doing it yourself , but much less hassle . 
  all au-domiciled funds leverage our tax treaties so yeah , vge has slightly higher gross returns than the equivalent parts of vts and veu . 
  * sooner or later , the market corrects, 
  * the market can stay irrational longer than you can afford to bet against it, 
  how 's it going so far ? 
  just assume it 's bnestrong and move on . 
  idk google it . 
  `` he was a nasty person , but he was n't too bad if you were white '', 
  they 'll go into real estate . 
  clearly you 're not coalified to make that assertion . 
  yes , you 'll have to pay a premium to get into a good catchment area , but :, 
  * you 'll have to pay the premium up-front , which sucks , but :, 
  * you 'll probably save 100-200k on private school fees per child, 
  * if you sell the house , you can on-charge the premium to the buyer, 
  imagine the temptation to provide fan service to a billion people ... 
  and really strong limits on political funding and advertising . 
  it 's a sight to behold . 
  is it potentially gst-able , and what ` the limit after which you need to collect gst and do bases ? 
  go to a burlesque club instead . 
  http://smartimagehq.com/missbblebuff/images/cabbaret%20march%202017%20-%20web ( 1 ) . jpg, 
  and there 's probably an entire underground burlesque scene out there . 
  i played with a necro with 64 mmr . 
  it was an experience . 
  no , but he did initiate * [ every ] ( https://www.opendota.com/matches/3044205564 ) * fight by scything someone on max health . 
  first , what 's a bkb ? 
  are there courses , certs or tickets you can get to increase your take-home ? 
  i mean , you could salary sacrifice $ 250/month , but it would be better to get a job that pays $ 1000/month more ... 
  also self-education expenses are usually tax deductible , so there 's that . 
  tbh i would n't even sign up unless they dropped the fee to zero . 
  do n't be that way . 
  settle down , mr abbott . 
  ok cool . 
  i agree with the other posters that you should focus on getting your debts cleared and build a buffer for emergencies . 
  it 's good to get the extra benefit of salary sacrifice into super , but not at the cost of stability . 
  once you have that sorted , ease into salary sacrifice , and ramp it up as your income increases . 
  once you get into the next tax bracket , the savings will increase correspondingly . 
  they already had bad parents . 
  this just exposes them . 
  well , circumcision rates in australia are historically lower than in the us so we 're starting from a better place . 
  awesome . 
  if speed is a problem , map additional keys . 
  for instance when i initiate , i roll my fingers over ` 2 ` ` 3 ` ` 4 ` ` r ` to blink , blade mail , ( flex slot but probably bkb ) and duel . 
  it is risky , yeah . 
  generally i itemize differently with a silver edge , i tend to go medallion in my blink slot and use press the attack for the dispel after the duel . 
  using both is pretty good though . 
  huge , flexible initiation range , or being able to disengage afterwards and hit the back line or escape . 
   or else you end up with a declining birth rate and having to rely on higher immigration numbers to grow the tax base, 
  this explains a lot . 
  since you know your partner is dropping in salary , i suggest you start budgeting accordingly . 
  work out what the difference in weekly net income will be , and transfer that money into an investment account as soon as you get it . 
  try to live off the rest . 
  you ca n't experience long login times if you do n't login . 
  he has the best solutions ... 
  since injectors , sp is just isk , so it does n't really affect you any more . 
  as we say in australia , `` fit in or fuck off '' so where do you plan to fuck off to ? 
  nope . 
  how did you arrive at the $ 500 per month figure ? 
  it seems a bit low for someone with so much cash sitting idle and more coming in . 
  ogre is very difficult to counter pick . 
  he 's not even squishy . 
  they 'll walk themselves into the ovens just to make liberals smell the stench . 
  i do ok . 
  blood lust on your entire team makes a big impact , and ignite gets you a lot of assists . 
  at the end of the day , australians want a way to get data from the rest of the world to their homes and mobile devices . 
  phone calls are just data , so ignore that part of the market . 
  the big telcos have the physical infrastructure coverage to supply the mobile data market . 
  that is worth real money and there 's currently no realistic way to get around it , at least until the nbn decides to sink a few billion more of taxpayer money into another rollout . 
  similarly , there needs to be data pipes to get data from the rest of the world to you , and that means optic fiber . 
  compared to alternatives ( satellite , trucks full of tapes ) , it 's fast , reliable and cheap to operate , and not * too * hard to install . 
  tpg has a fair bit of the aussie backbone market share , so it has carved out a decent spot in the market . 
  should you buy , hold , or sell ? 
  personally , i 'm done with picking individual stocks ( except for fun ) . 
  they 're both in the asx200 so i have enough exposure via vas . 
   are there any international etfs from vanguard that are domiciled ( correct word ? ), 
  in australia that would allow me to avoid the 15 % usa tax ? 
  looks like pretty much all countries follow the us rules because it 's easier . 
  if you 're super keen you might be able to find a singapore-based fund , idk . 
   i imagine i will be in the 0 % mtr when i retire . 
  not to put too fine a point to it , but if you would be on the 0 % mtr when you retire , you probably could n't afford to retire at all . 
  i got down to 13fps in a game as pl . 
  it was , um , not ideal . 
  / r/herobuilds approved : http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=129331714, 
  if you 're in lane , a q on two enemy heroes is savage , and you can keep doing it for a long time if you use shrines , a casual raindrop and/or magic stick ( seriously , try magic stick in lane , it 's great on lc because she can turn extra mana into health in a pinch ), 
  there is a niche build that only puts a value point in q for the escape , and maxes w , but that 's only against a lane with heaps of purgeable disables and nukes that you 're trying to stay alive in . 
  it does n't happen too often . 
  in that case , you may as well choose vgs then . 
  you 'll get 15 % less returns compared to being on 0 % mtr but that 's not guaranteed to happen each year . 
  vts : 15 % foreign income tax on profits ( but you might get some or all of it back depending on mtr because of foreign income tax credit ), 
  veu : 15 % foreign tax on profits between eurozone and us , then 15 % foreign tax between us and australia . 
  if you were american , this would be the same as vts , but you are n't . 
  vgs : just like veu if you were american : 15 % foreign tax , with tax credit . 
  the credits come directly from both eurozone and us , but that 's irrelevant to you . 
  only neonazis do the 3 brackets thing . 
  blocked . 
  besides mental illness ? 
  mmmm , chips, 
  perhaps he 's just cockeyed .
