  \\ #wreckingshot, 
  best of luck , mate . 
  we 're here to answer all your newbie questions . 
  yes . 
  link sent : will teach the ways of manufacturing and research . 
  well , for instance , the weekly sp cap has been tripled this week , so , if you had injected a 7-day active sp booster and played a lot , you would have gained :, 
  * 168000sp from passive training, 
  * 3x196000x1 .5 from the triple sp + booster, 
  for a total of 1.05 m sp just from this week ; more if you used an omega booster instead of a normal active boost . 
  there 's probably one of those every month or so ; in six month 's play you can easily get to 10m sp . 
  even on a normal week you can pull in 360k sp , or more if you want to grind over the weekly cap . 
  most veteran players are in the 30-40m sp range ; this gives them sufficient sp to be quite good at a number of roles , but generally only about 10-15m sp can be applied at any one time , for a given suit + modules + weapon combination . 
  red vs blue is all about killing the other colour . 
  lots of people drop in and out , since even in cheap ships it can be a drain on your finances . 
  another casualty of the fappening :-(, 
  there 's some desserts that use arrowroot biscuits as a base . 
  that caldari dropship looks pretty nice . 
  6:1 eve -  dust , 3:1 dust -  eve, 
  there is , however , a hauler with a dedicated ore bay , if you need to move it around but do n't have an orca or freighter . 
  you can be my waifu if you insist . 
  it 's not your fault , you just ca n't resist . 
  you either have a long nose , or you take a lot of steroids . 
  that might be possible to change , though , since it does n't involve changing the flights themselves . 
  it means that , at * any * time of the day , you 're only seconds away from losing your overview settings . 
  i strongly urge you to pick up cybernetics i and put some +3 attribute implants in . 
  it could save you 90 minutes of training per day . 
  for bonus points , train cybernetics iv and install +4 implants for int and per ( note that you ca n't take the +3 s out without destroying them ) . 
  anything more would probably be too costly at this point in your career . 
  teenagers in other countries get paid a percentage of the adult minimum wage , increasing as they get older . 
  that solves the issue fairly neatly . 
  if the minimum wage is $ 9 and he 's already on $ 10.10 , then he asks for $ 11.10 . 
  usa server is pretty pro . 
  europe is okay , but the lag makes it unpleasant . 
  asia is mixed , really depends on the teams , could be scrubs or could face two squads . 
  what exactly is the issue with spouses and minimum wage ? 
  for autz , that 's basically ` all tuesday ' . 
  yeah my squad mates from the states go 30/2 while i scrub around on 10/7 . 
  apparently my skill level is highly dependent on lag . 
  ca n't you just set up sso to prove ceoship ? 
  eve mail 's not really for instant pings though ; for that , it 's probably best to use jabber or instant message client of your alliance 's choice . 
  you should cross-post this to / r/thefrappening, 
  and yet , i 'm okay with exactly where it sits on that scale . 
  nice try tinker hell . 
  ah , establishing dominance i see . 
  yes , some skills were refunded ( learning skills ) and others refactored ( there are now racial destroyer and battlecruiser skills ) . 
  that would have changed your sp total . 
  exploration is higher risk and can be immensely profitable if you 're lucky and pick up a deadspace invulnerability field . 
  trading is kinda boring in comparison but it has the chance to make you isk when you 're not even logged in , so there 's that . 
  frankly , if you stop thinking you need to grind isk for a plex every month then the game is a lot more enjoyable . 
  run the epic arc ? 
  or join a fw corporation rather than the militia , so corp standings may dip a bit but at least you can get in . 
  once you 're in , your amarr standings should improve fairly quickly . 
  i dunno , there 's good corps and bad corps everywhere . 
  in amarr fw , i hear pie is pretty good . 
  if a skill has been refunded , you will have unallocated sp that you can spend on anything . 
  if it has been refactored , generally the guiding principle is ` if you could fly it before , you can fly it now ' . 
  all the epic arcs can be replayed three months after they were last completed . 
  or maybe there has * always * been a shortage of victorian cabbies who could pass the test . 
  my invention jobs take three or four hours to run in a station , and cost like 250 isk plus data cores to install . 
  it keeps up with my manufacturing , especially when i mix in tech 1 manufacturing occasionally . 
  i usually get three invention runs in per day ; once in the morning , once at the start of my play session , and once at the end . 
  or invent stuff that takes longer to invent and make . 
  a pos tower for industry comes in a few forms :, 
  a small tower that you online , spam with jobs , then offline before you go to bed, 
  a small tower with one of each lab plus some commonly-used arrays that your small corp uses to death , or, 
  3 . a fuck-off large tower that runs jobs that you ca n't really afford to cancel when wardecced , like t2 ships or whatever . 
  even then , corps often skimp , because the difference between a small and a large tower is something like 270m isk per month so many corps do n't make the jump . 
  yeah the jobs have to be finished before you offline it . 
  lately , i have taken to carrying a small tower and using it purely for buying a crapload of ore and compressing it instead of hauling it , all for the cost of ten fuel blocks . 
  covert ops ships are fairly cheap , roughly equivalent to a combat fit destroyer ( 30 - 40 million ), 
  so haute right now ~, 
  this is bitter but good advice . 
   * cracks open chest *, 
  i 'll put this in the things that eve teaches you comparatively cheaply compared to real life bucket , along with, 
  * yes , some people really will lie to you without blinking twice, 
  * yes , some people really do want to cause you financial harm, 
  * no , you are not entitled to be the hero of your own story unless you do something actually heroic, 
  no sisters ships ? 
  it 's in an australian song . 
  also , i declare audio nullius . 
  spielberg , iceberg ; knew it was one or the other . 
  there 's drk , but that has n't been updated for crius . 
  what about [ lmeve ] ( https://github.com/roxlukas/lmeve ) ? 
  you 'd have to run up your own corp server for that though . 
  the old mercenary packs used to be the best way to do it ( $ 20 got you 40k aur plus 30-day active and passive boosters plus weapon blueprints ) but these days the packs seem to be full of suits rather than aur . 
  if there 's a pack full of stuff you were going to buy anyway , maybe it will be worth it , otherwise an aur pack will have to do . 
  sometimes they run bonus-aur deals , where all the packs provide bonus aur ( e.g. 
  +15 % ) but i have n't seen them lately . 
  you can check this subreddit ; all the weekly specials are posted by a bot . 
  this is basically all you need . 
  i remember when childhood leukaemia had a 90 % fatality rate . 
  these days , it 's like 15 % . 
  science is fucking awesome , no joke . 
  but it is possible to be the hero of the story if you convince everyone else you 're a hero . 
  the bot , or the link ? 
  the link works for anyone , the bot will give you a random person each time . 
  i understood that reference, 
  i wish kugu still existed to quarantine posts like this . 
  switching to another language to make snarky comments about nearby people is common the world over . 
  one of the ccp devs whipped it up in their spare time for the previous alliance tournament , as part of a test for crest .
