  breaking badposter . 
  netcraft confirms it . 
  i wish . 
  try mid-march . 
  gunnlogi has more cpu , shields and high slots . 
  madrugar has more power grid , armour and low slots . 
  on the whole , the gunnlogi tends to be easier to fit compared to the maddie , but the reliance on shield hardeners means longer downtimes between fights , whereas the maddie may lose a 1v1 tank on tank battle , but ca n't be easily chased off by infantry av . 
  they 're both good tanks ; they just have different roles . 
  or hang out on irc ; they advertise when they 're about to kick off some matches during their lunch hour . 
  i think / u/fuzzmiester will release a fixed data dump anyway . 
  generally with long-range weapons , you do n't want to orbit . 
  you 're much better suited to use the keep-at-range order instead ( for best results , set the default keep-at-range to be your weapon 's optimal range ), 
  in addition , consider using some ammunition with better optimal range , like thorium , which will let you stay even further away . 
  note , however , that if frigates get close to you while you 're in a larger ship , you really should have some light drones to fend them off . 
  why more than 25 points ? 
  it 's not as if driving a vehicle is a fucking punishment . 
  it was n't helped by the state government slashing of the public it sector . 
  confirming that with the right mix of industry jobs , i only need to login to change skills . 
  the guy that wrote it is a candidate for the csm , btw . 
  not between different offensive subsystems ; he was asking about the differences in costs between the different types of subsystems e.g. 
  compared to propulsion systems . 
  that seems about right . 
  it 's 15 - 20 in null sec . 
  conversely , you 're a lot more likely to keep spawning team mates in a resilient or agile vehicle compared to static uplinks . 
  on a number of occasions , my corp got pushed out of a control point after a bombardment cleared our uplinks , but rallied on the back of a tank with cru . 
  because under normal circumstances , that attacking fleet is [ only seven minutes ] ( http://marlonasky.wordpress.com/2014/02/11/cancers-of-eve-online-teleportation/ ) from destruction . 
  i believe there 's an ex mh channel floating around . 
  ask there ? 
  last time i was there , it was called something like ` exmh ' . 
  might be better to contact the ceos of past corps that were in the alliance and see whether they know . 
  sunni one day , shiite the next . 
  optional step : fit with standard shield hardener , militia scanner , standard armor hardener , militia repairer, 
  cost : < 90k . 
  ( safety word for scale ), 
  downtime ? 
  welcome to autz . 
  i suspect game devs would be cranking out a lot more python than c++ . 
  as far as relocation goes , i 'm sure iceland would be pretty fun for at least the first few years . 
  coding is optional ; however , you would have to prove that you 've spent the last 3-6 years analysing and deconstructing games instead of mindlessly playing them . 
  attacking fleet probably needs fewer than nine cynos to reach you though , which is what the 7 minute figure is predicated on . 
  9pm is a little early for me to be logging off for the night : /, 
  i love that on kebabs . 
  it 's more clear-cut : anyone you see who does n't have friendly standings according to your corp or alliance is * definitely * trying to kill you . 
  generally , intel networks in nullsec will let you know if there are hostiles anywhere near you , giving you lots of time to get to safety . 
  in w-space , it 's different ; you do n't know for sure if there 's anyone hostile nearby , especially if they 're cloaked and do n't show up on directional scan . 
  however , getting into your wormhole system is a lot harder than taking a gate , so you can get clues based on the prescence of incoming wormhole connections etc and make a decision on whether it 's safe to mine or not . 
  in addition , if you 're in nullsec or w-space , you 've probably realised that safety is n't binary , and sooner or later you 're going to get caught , so you [ learn to cope ] ( http://i.imgur.com/svgidtd.gif ) . 
  -1 thales : priceless . 
  so , that means they can only hold thirty systems ? 
  paging / u/parasoja, 
  start browsing http://eve-fail.blogspot.com, 
  code noob to aisle three, 
  you know there was/is a job opening for a kitchen hand ? 
  do you have a portfolio ? 
  faction warfare . 
  also you 'll need a pos to crank out bpcs at any decent rate , which means pos fuel costs . 
  post eft fits for comparison please . 
  exploration : it 's like gambling with your ship . 
  i used to mine in an iteron v because , hey , large cargo hold right ? 
  yes we canidate, 
  and if you give a 30 % rebate , expect prices to rise 30 % . 
  never not what did i just read ? 
  trouble brewing ... 
  messaged you . 
  and occasionally bombing the reichtstag yourself , then blaming your opponents . 
  like what they 're doing to the nbn , except with actual violence . 
  when america started fingerprinting everyone who came into their country after september 11 , quite a few countries started fingerprinting american tourists in return , because fuck you that 's why . 
  aerial is more prone to damage , and looks worse . 
  the original aim of the nbn was to provide a top class broadband service without half assing it . 
  mouse aiming is barely acceptable , although the changes in muscle memory required will cruel your chances of coping with any other mouse-based fps . 
  frankly , mkb has been poor since uprising 1.0 . 
  it 's a benevolent authoritarian state . 
  it will work very well , right until it stops being benevolent . 
  `` the spod '', 
   a scrambler rifle still has the same 3.5 headshot multiplier, 
  [ citation needed ], 
  those are the best kind of peanuts . 
  i hang out in anzac-asia because obvious reasons . 
  `` let 's head to the right a bit this election . '', 
   * election is super effective *, 
  `` whoah , fuck , not * that * far . '', 
  for those who actually play on the oceanic and asian servers instead of going afk . 
  obviously he flies a super . 
  i would have to say ds9 , because the competition with b5 really upped their game with regards to story arcs and character progression . 
  also , worf . 
  i believe it 's called material efficiency now . 
  the left atrium and ventricle are clearly stunted in comparison with the majestic right chambers of the heart . 
  * i think not . 
  do n't laugh , it [ almost happened in eve online ] ( http://www.tentonhammer.com/node/65475/page/3 ) . 
  i would be disappointed in you if you ca n't run level four missions in a dominix . 
  remote repairing tengu pairs do exceptionally well in class three worm holes . 
  tengus also can be configured for exploring so that 's an obvious stepping stone . 
  there 's an option to toggle the ui . 
  custom google maps api ? 
  about 5:1 . 
  tldr null sec . 
  i have no idea what i 'm doing, 
  australian here . 
  ca n't you just hire teenagers or something , or does your minimum wage not scale down like that ? 
  in oz , teens have a lower minimum wage so they actually can get a job .
