  with what ? 
  it 's more like a hundred per year if you 're on a multi month subscription plan . 
  not many people know that the ccp logo is based on a hex key from ikea . 
  jury rigging v is needed for tech 3 invention , but aside from that , we 're awaiting a rig skill rebalance . 
  it used to be required ; now it is n't . 
  to be honest i just did it for all three breaks because the money was good . 
  unless you are skilled to v you run out of parts before you finish . 
  his work will pay for it . 
  cost of doing business , all publicity is good publicity etcetera . 
  it also works to the cops favour . 
  suspects tend not to get so physical if they know they 're being filmed . 
  that has n't stopped him so far . 
  plot twist : chunks is the name of his dog . 
  `` not just racist , but * certified * racist . '', 
  china did it for control rather than income , although they are closely related . 
  comes in three different colours ( except white ), 
  one would propose that after a vasectomy , you 're not really preparing for more kids . 
  eve-industry . org is up to date . 
  it 's only a few systems . 
  you really do need the refining skills to iv or v now . 
  the 4 % implant is also a big thing . 
  lowsec refining arrays are better than highsec as well , which is a nice touch . 
  so , basically bni . 
  and yet , even if you do n't touch it , you can diagnose the symptoms and check that the change they make actually fixes the problem . 
  that 's still using your knowledge , just like how a technical lead does n't have to program every line of code to be useful in their role . 
  hands on is overrated . 
  i mean , if you set up a virtual private cloud , you basically spec the network interactions and tell openstack ` make it so ', 
  a t2 rage rocket bpo nets you ~ 500k isk/hour ( assuming you sell everything you manufacture ) . 
  javelin rockets , not so much . 
  maybe 150k isk/hour . 
  so , build or sell ? 
  is same thing now . 
  but still , reprocessing modules or ships is pretty pointless now . 
  can you split it into three stacks to make it assemble three at a time ? 
  are you mentioning redhat because of openstack ? 
  because redhat openshift is a bit different to openstack . 
  it works for fitting modules to ships ( two stacks of heat sinks fits both at once ), 
  the ato knows anyway , so there 's that . 
  why would they need a gun ? 
  there 's security everywhere as it is . 
  a set of +3 attribute implants would n't break the bank . 
  maybe you should talk to lords servant, 
  not until recently , anyway . 
  i agree . 
  start with a joint account with the aim of using it for big ticket items like the house and trip . 
  day to day stuff is not really so much of an issue . 
  tower arrays are 2 % less than a station . 
  whether that 's better than your outpost is dependent on the type and which upgrades it has . 
  tower arrays will save you 2 % material costs , barring special low sec only arrays . 
  plus you do n't pay the 10 % tax on installing jobs that stations charge . 
  plus , tower refining arrays are at least 2 % better than stations and do n't need high standings to avoid losses . 
  not really . 
  when your pod pops , so do your implants , even if replacing the clone is now free . 
  however , you do have the option of installing jump clones in different stations that allow you to deliberately switch between them , leaving implants in the old clone when you switch . 
  this enables you to swap to your cheap clone if you 're about to do something risky . 
  the down sides are that is costs you at least 80 million isk per month to fuel them , closer to 160m for a medium tower . 
  are the student loans hecs ? 
  your employer should have a default super provider if you do n't have one - ask them which company so you can check them out . 
  remember that you can roll over to another provider later so it 's not a problem to do then . 
  i suggest getting a high interest savings account and set up your internet banking to transfer a big chunk of your pay each month . 
  once you reach a nice round number , start looking around for a way to invest it . 
  i 'd take laplace over fourier any day . 
  it makes linear circuit analysis easy enough to do in your head . 
  yeah . 
  installing jump clones can be a bit tricky if you do n't have access to a rorqual or supercap with a clone bay . 
  most people just train up infomorph psychology , join a corp like estel arador corp services , then use the high corp standings to install a bunch of jump clones then leave for a different corp. 
  are suddenly ninjas still a thing , or did they implode ? 
  might i suggest joining one of the reddit corporations . 
  it turns 200v1 into 200v3500 . 
  i like those odds better ( and be warned : they * are * odd ), 
  it 's a hard job but somebody has to do it . 
  did n't gevlon do something like this ? 
  skill training pauses about 48 hours after your subscription lapses . 
  pi , manufacturing and research jobs , trade orders etc will continue until they complete as normal . 
  assets will be retained unless you parked them in a destructible place , like a corporation tower or whatever , in which case you 'd have to hope your corp can defend your stuff for you . 
  pretty sure it 's still 2014 in the states right now . 
  until then , fly safe ^ tm, 
  http://eve-industry.org/calc/ has all the bells and whistles . 
  http://fuzzwork.co.uk/blueprint/ has most of the bells and whistles . 
  i 'll get back to you on the guide . 
  check your northern hemisphere privilege , white c ( hr ) istmas scum . 
  you ca n't be logged in with both at the same time , but training is unaffected . 
  plex are sub-800m , it 's probably a good time to pick one up . 
  guides are linked from here :, 
  * http://wiki.eveuniversity.org/industry_overview, 
  yes , but you should n't ( read on for why ), 
  do your sums . 
  remember that each component bpo costs at least a billion to purchase , and close to that to research to me9 ( if you want me10 , best to purchase one from contracts ) which is a lot of capital . 
  maybe it would b better to find a corp that has them , so you can make copies yourself . 
  do your sums , but my hunch is that freighters are razor slim margins at the best of times . 
  if you 're going to make caps , you need access to one of these two things , or you just are n't going to make any money :, 
  * a faction component assembly array in low sec , so you get a 10 % material discount on cap components ( also t2 cap components ), 
  * a decent station in null sec so you can import compressed ore and get up to 11 % more minerals from your ore , plus a way to transport ore to null, 
  either way , you 'll also need a lot of compressed ore because otherwise the logistical issues are crippling . 
  one t1 hauler can carry enough compressed ore to make a carrier ; if you tried to haul minerals instead , you 'd max out a freighter . 
  hmm , i looked at the sums , and turns out if you use a pos tower in low sec you can make a charon for ~ 280m profit with a perfect set of bpcs . 
  so , if you can pick up a few cheap bpc packs , you should be able to drop a medium tower somewhere out of the way in low sec and crank out a freighter a week or so if you 're willing . 
  ideally you 'd get an alt into an industrial corp so you can make your own bpc packs , since it 's unlikely that they 'd give you access to their own towers . 
  ( i did that once , lost three carriers in build , never again ), 
  less pssssh .
