  get on slack and you 'll find out more . 
  i have already stopped eating octopus for this reason . 
  rise ' son of roam, 
  i 'm pretty sure it will happen , for two reasons :, 
  it will damage the lnp, 
  labor knew about it ahead of time , so it * wo n't * damage them . 
  on the other hand , if you you * do * want to withdraw money from the private sector to spend on , e.g boats , it 's easier to target, 
  * steam, 
  * itunes, 
  * play, 
  * psn, 
  than try to extract the money from half a million consumers . 
  well , nsw labor hit an own goal the last time they called a corruption enquiry , so it 's not unheard of for these kinds of things to backfire . 
  qld labor has one thing going for them : hardly anyone has had enough time in power to get corrupt . 
   packed remote explosives should be the go to anti-vehicle explosive , with an increased throw distance at the cost of damage radius . 
  packed re users should be mindful that they need to be thrown at the center mass of vehicles due to the smaller radius of the explosion and throwing at the front tracks of hav 's , for example , may not be enough . 
  rip autz , since lag means you almost never get a remote stuck on a vehicle where you were aiming for . 
  [ turn off gatekeeper ] ( http://osxdaily.com/2013/11/08/bypass-gatekeeper-mac-os-x-security-prefs/ ), 
  2 . download eve client, 
  launch eve , wait for updates to happen, 
  4 . turn gatekeeper back on afterwards if you really want to, 
  you save a lot of money getting a 10 % deposit due to cheaper loan cost . 
  i suggest trying for that , or at the very least , smash out the other debts first . 
  yeah . 
  it 's good for precision aiming in a tank , and acceptable for flying a drop ship with mkb . 
  i think you toggle it by crouching when you 're in the driver 's seat . 
  i use mkb so it 's probably not relevant to you . 
  my kdr has halved since chromosome . 
  oh well , i still play a bit . 
  why do n't you take a seat . 
  make a bomb to blow up in your backyard , sure , misdemeanour , slap on the wrist , lucky you did n't blow off a finger . 
  i draw the line at making bombs to hurt others though . 
  i knew a few mums who used to pick up 3 hours work each morning packing bean sprouts . 
  jobs like that are hard to come by , yeah . 
  well , i do n't want to wear a dress either . 
  and yet there 's a market for them for some obscure reason . 
  australian here . 
  tighter regulation works a treat . 
  also we have a law that the biggest 4 banks [ ca n't merge ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/banking_in_australia#four_pillars ) , which warps the playing field a bit but might be the kind of thing you are keen on . 
  yes , but they ca n't go into high sec, 
  for caps ? 
  yeah , but it 's only the newer alliances that have gone shield . 
  noone 's really sure , but they appear to be related to jovians . 
  they 're like achievements that are triggered by things you could do in the immediate area . 
  5 . because fuck you that 's why, 
  if you teleport ( jump bridge , cyno etc ) you get a jump fatigue timer . 
  the first 20 % of the timer you ca n't jump during , but when you do jump , any remaining time gets multiplied by 5 . 
  so , multiple jumps in a short period of time will push your fatigue way up and strand you for hours , days or weeks . 
  it stops hot drops from across the map . 
  i hesitate to suggest it , but , maybe uber ? 
  yes . 
  this is called playing at the wrong [ yomi layer ] ( http://www.sirlin.net/ptw-book/7-spies-of-the-mind ) . 
  i meant being a driver . 
  a week-long vacation , aka ` how often i log in anyway ', 
  personally , i 'd pull down speculative buy orders but leave everything else up . 
  after all , if you are okay with them filling while you 're asleep , surely you 'd be okay with them filling 6 days from now ? 
  lucky that you trust every mail relay between them and you not to store any email with the word ` password ' in it , then . 
  hard to say . 
  historically , demergers are reasonably good for both companies ' share price ( otherwise why do it ) but there 's usually a dip in one or both for about 2 years until they stabilise and start performing better than the market . 
  on the other hand , south32 is full of all the shit assets billiton brought to the table , so it could go either way . 
  at least they do n't have to fight for funding against the existing awesome-roi projects the bhp arm has . 
  host is primary, 
  often you wo n't get superannuation on amounts you sacrifice ... 
  do n't worry about sleeping ; make it do its job then exit . 
  then use this to trigger it once a day . 
  motto : `` riots happen '', 
  nope , manufacturing slots remain the bottleneck for invention . 
  really ? 
  i find emu way too gamey , and the meat just tastes oily . 
  roo meat is really bad when overcooked . 
  i 've had good roo burgers before , maybe that 's the way to go . 
  the problem with roos is they 're fucking hard to control . 
  hard to herd , hard to fence , hard to slaughter . 
  we have huge uranium reserves , sure . 
  but we also have huge sunlight reserves . 
  nuclear will take, 
  * 20 years to get going, 
  * tech we do n't have, 
  * political willpower that we * clearly * lack, 
  tldr ; stop trying to make nuclear a thing , it 's just not happening . 
  hence kangaroo tail soup ... 
  the best op can hope for is to buy the business after it folds . 
  agreed . 
  the ghurkas show other sas groups how to step up , it 's time to step up . 
  ooooooh , recall program . 
  was wondering where i got those mackinaw skins from . 
  teach your kid baby sign language , for that crucial time from three months to nine months when they can make signs but not make themselves understood verbally . 
  oh , and let friends and family know to get whooping cough booster ahead of time . 
  that suit is * important * . 
  also , setting up and index fund for the kid is a good idea . 
  noobs have few options because they do n't have a blueprint library . 
  if you get into an industrial corp , then you 'll be only limited by your skills , since even the worst indy corp should have blueprints for practically everything smaller than a supercap . 
  * then * you can make what 's profitable . 
  i think you get more than one , though , so that 's fair . 
  which skin is that ? 
  tbh i was expecting it to be called `` pink 4 '' . 
  shit yeah . 
  i taught my kids ` drink ' and ` pick up ' ( not that that was hard ) and it was a godsend . 
  did n't need much more than that , since infants ca n't tell you that they 're tired , and nappy is pretty easy to detect anyway . 
   baby crying,
