  then by looking at how the hero is played , i learned that ss 's passive is charged up by his other spells , so a typical gank involves activating a spell , autoattacking with passive boost , second spell , autoattack with boost , etc. 
  so then you play a few games ( like , a dozen ) to get the hang of the hero . 
  you * wo n't * be competent yet , but playing will raise questions in your mind , which you then look to answer . 
  looking at more vods showed me what order his spells are most commonly used in a gank , so i worked out ( or the streamer told me ) why that 's the best way . 
  then you play a few more games and your ganks are working much better , but you still find it difficult to farm up the items . 
  so then you watch more vods , maybe find a few replays of pro players and watch them , and work out some tips and tricks for farming better etc. 
  what i 'm saying is that you need to balance * doing * with * watching * . 
  if you play without watching others , you 'll have to reinvent all the techniques that others already know , which is damned hard . 
  if you watch without playing , you wo n't appreciate a lot of the advanced techniques because you have no context about why they 're doing it a particular way . 
  what tag ? 
  gillard is from the left . 
   if i were to organize something like that , i would n't publicize it before i did it . 
  that 's because you 're interested in results , rather than publicity . 
  what 's your hyper jump elo ? 
   to ensure people got home safely, 
  and by ` home ' , they meant ` back where they came from ', 
  distribution is the real problem . 
  as the saying goes , ` why mail models ? ', 
  so , pick heroes that really benefit from cm , like ck or tiny . 
  wait , why vhy instead of vas ? 
  no , you can get them direct from the fund itself . 
   i received six downvotes and one comment calling me salty . 
  it was ... 
  my privilege . 
  an independent moon mining structure that do n't need no tower ? 
  that 's an example of the fees . 
  as to what the funds do , they invest in the etfs in specific percentages . 
  thanks !, 
  now i just need to find some dirt . 
  listeria has a 14 % fatality rate . 
  it 's no joking matter . 
  rare mince burgers , not even once . 
  well , we are a bit condescending to kiwis . 
  that means we talk down to them . 
  you can do so online . 
  in general , though , cancelling a sub just means you wo n't pay any further fees . 
  you ca n't pause or get refunds on your active subscription without extenuating circumstances . 
  heavy breathing specialization, 
  not only is it happening , but it 's hip , radical and groovy . 
  p awesome . 
  you ? 
  sure is , bro, 
  i 'd go higher than 30 % index funds to start with ; i 'd probably split it 50 % indexes , 30 % individual stocks ( assuming you have strong opinions on individual stocks , otherwise get more indexes ) . 
  investment risk is a lot more spread out if you have something that tracks the entire market rather than a single stock , so it 's an ideal core to build an investment strategy around . 
  that 's not even its final form !, 
  the point is that risk implies returns , and unless you 're actively managing your portfolio , you 're not * getting * the returns commensurate with the risk of any particular stock turning into woolworths . 
  very , very few managed investment funds outperform the market as a whole over the long term , so if you 're taking the long term view , then index funds make so much sense . 
  yeah . 
  if you ca n't survive a month without being podded , do n't fit +4 s. 
  it will take a while to get cybernetics iv so you can fit +4 implants anyway . 
  i suggest a set of +3 s for now , and if you really want to you can push for +4 int and per implants . 
  i would n't go much further than that . 
  play around with evemon . 
  put in a bunch of skills of the same type ( maybe navigation , since jump drive skills take ages ) and set up +3 implants and see how long it takes to complete . 
  then add cybernetics ii -  iv and calculate how long that takes , then add +4 implants and see what the break-even time is . 
  it helps if the other people are also complete spaceship nerds . 
  or into the loan 's offset account ... 
  people gon na be people . 
  all other threads are mean threads . 
  drones are a skill line that are awkwardly between the int/mem of support skills and the per/will of combat skills . 
  it 's probably not worth a specific remap for them ; just aim to get tech 2 light drones with a smattering of drone support skills and leave it at that for the time being . 
  you can buy an electronic version , but it also comes in soft - and hard-cover . 
  that 's a great return on investment . 
  that 's $ 135,000 for every dollar donated . 
  there 's lots of tears already , and has been for years . 
  because :, 
   d3d12 exposes async compute , which d3d11 did not . 
  ashes uses a modest amount of it , which gave us a noticeable perf improvement . 
  it was mostly opportunistic where we just took a few compute tasks we were already doing and made them asynchronous , ashes really is n't a poster-child for advanced gcn features . 
   our use of async compute , however , pales with comparisons to some of the things which the console guys are starting to do . 
  most of those have n't made their way to the pc yet , but i 've heard of developers getting 30 % gpu performance by using async compute . 
  we should totally riot over this outrage . 
  no safety valves on this train !, 
  way ahead of you, 
   the fountain regenerates based on max health and mana , so tread switching does nothing, 
  fountain is 4 % / second regen , but * also * has a flat +14 mana/second component . 
  the sad part is that only `` another * guy * '' can call out those kinds of douches . 
  if a women calls him out he 'll just dismiss it . 
  does f12 still work ? 
  i thought that was removed . 
  then you and your mum both need to have a conversation , because your financial issues are affecting all of you . 
  if that is n't an incentive to get off your arse and get this fixed , nothing is . 
  just remember , ge fucked you over once , have a history of fucking people over , and will probably fuck you over again if you let them . 
  scooter . 
  bicycle . 
  public transport . 
  tested , and it works . 
  thanks !, 
   ( fleet command ) : this is fleet command . 
  reporting mothership pre-launch, 
   status . 
   ( fleet command ) : command on-line ... 
   ( fleet command ) : resourcing online ... 
   ( fleet command ) : construction online ... 
   ( fleet command ) : cryogenic subsections a through j online ... 
   ( fleet command ) : k through s online ... 
   ( fleet command ) : scaffold control stand by for alignment ... 
   ( fleet command ) : alignment confirmed . 
  stand by release control . 
   ( fleet command ) : the mothership has cleared the scaffold .
