  * does it make sense to build t2 components , or just let someone else deal with it ? 
  perhaps if you sell your complex products to a corpmate at halfway between jita buy and jita sell , you can both profit , and not burn out chasing isk . 
  they have the shanghai development team . 
  after all , once they get chinese yuan from serenity server , what else are they going to do with it ? 
  people who are young can go light on bonds and ride out downturns . 
  blueprints have material and time efficiency ratings . 
  when you buy a fresh blueprint , it 's me0 and te0 , and they can be researched up to me10 and te20 . 
  for capital component blueprints , it 's probably cheaper to buy pre-researched ones . 
  actually , scratch that , it 's actually cheaper to join a corporation that has a blueprint library , then run off some copies for free . 
  i strongly suggest you make two characters : one for manufacturing , and one for flying . 
  there is n't a lot of overlap in skills , and you do n't want to be tied down by babysitting manufacturing jobs when you could be out flying . 
  how about this : start a trial account , make a deliberately stupid name so you 're not tempted to subscribe at the end , then just enjoy learning how to play eve for a month . 
  at the end , you have n't really lost any time , so you can re-up for another trial and make a ` real ' character . 
  source : someone who went through six trials ( one for each race , 2 more just because ) before subscribing . 
  the beauty of eve is that skills train even when you 're not logged in . 
  some weeks i 'm just too busy to login more than once or twice , but my skill points keep ticking over . 
  it helps that i have set up some market orders so my time afk is not ` wasted ' . 
  til about ` mum tier ' . 
  pretty sure it 's always been that way for ammo ? 
  shit tier pirate < ( shit tier navy ) < fuck yeah navy < elite pirate, 
  post text pls, 
  post text pls, 
   responsible * elegant * kick, 
  ftfy . 
  * true * blue . 
  yeah ok , but given the info , would you go to the clinic with a 28 % chance of a successful delivery , or the place next door with 4 % ? 
  i understand that every person is different and that a 28 % average does n't mean * you * have a 28 % chance , but surely customers should me able to make the informed decision to avoid the obviously shit-tier clinics ? 
  from the clinics i 've seen , there 's no relationship between price and performance . 
  so what then . 
  we did get netflix recently . 
  it wrecked the entire country 's internet backbone and continues to be ~ 50 % of the entire traffic . 
  it 's pretty hard to adopt in australia . 
  my evidence is the original article . 
  now , your turn . 
  what 's your evidence that, 
   you get what you pay for, 
  imo , the stuff that should be on the chat wheel should be, 
  * not available via other methods , and, 
  * leverages the translation feature of the dota2 client . 
  so , something like `` we should kill a tower '' is a bit of a waste of a chat wheel slot since you can just ping the tower . 
  however , something like `` sorry '' is really useful , since you ca n't replicate it with a ping , and the client will translate to each player 's native language . 
  and turn on your ring of basi ? 
  yes . 
  if you ca n't afford to lock the money away until you retire . 
  depends on the funds but compounding often happens every three months . 
  why not just use http://eveharmony.com ? 
  if you 've been reading the news over the last few years , you 'll have realised that housing prices have gone through the roof . 
  high house prices and not-high rent -  really low yield . 
  low yield -  literally better to put the money into high-interest bank account . 
  i think those who want to get income out of housing are furiously hoarding their money and waiting for a * sharp * drop in prices to get their yield up to something acceptable . 
  it 's not just that ; castles are heritage-listed , so there 's a lot you have to do to maintain them , and there 's a lot of things you 're forbidden from doing even though it would save you a lot of money . 
  plus , let 's be realistic : all the good castles are already taken , leaving the ones with no tourist value . 
  ca n't you do both ? 
  * oculus home for exposure there, 
  * unity store for those who prefer that store, 
  * self-publish for those who want to support you ( you can offer a discount and still get more margin than elsewhere ), 
  it 's an uncertain market in australia , but frankly it 's always uncertain and if you know ` for sure ' that things are on the way up or down , you 're too late because a bunch of financial wizards knew weeks ago and moved their portfolios accordingly . 
  so a sensible approach is not to time the market ; just invest at regular intervals . 
  if the market is up , your $ 5000 will buy fewer shares . 
  when the market is down , your $ 5000 will buy more shares . 
  but each time you put money in , you do n't try to be smart and guess the market ; you just use dollar-cost averaging to do the work for you . 
  so , regular investing rather than big swingy speculation is the sensible thing . 
  the next hurdle is : what to invest in ? 
  you could invest the whole lot in one stock . 
  if it goes up , you 're gold . 
  if it does n't , you 're up shit creek . 
  and what if it used to be a good stock but now is n't ? 
  i hope your day job is watching the financial news because you might find out too late to save your investment . 
  so , a sensible approach is to buy a portfolio of stocks . 
  maybe spread it out across a bunch of different industries so if one part of the economy is good and another is bad , overall your investment is pretty okay . 
  then , you realise that `` a big bunch of stocks '' is basically the asx200 or all ordinaries or other indexes so it 's actually easier and less risk to buy a bit of every stock in that index and then you do n't need to worry about missing some awesome stock because you did n't know about it . 
  then you discover that there 's managed funds and etfs that basically follow this strategy and you can buy shares in those funds and they 'll sort it all out for you for a really cheap fee compared to other managed funds . 
  so you start reading about index funds , and realise that a really great way to diversify is to buy index funds of non-australians indexes . 
  maybe the domestic economy is feeling a bit sick , but the us is going nuts , so why not share the wealth ? 
  so then you start making a plan that looks like x % domestic stocks based on an index , and y % stocks based on some famous index in the us ( maybe the mcsi ) , and z % stocks based on the eurozone or ftse or hang seng . 
  sure , you wo n't beat the market with financial wizardry , but you 'll follow the market 's ups and downs without making all the mistakes that newbies inevitably make when trying to beat those wizards . 
  tldr ; index funds are useful at preventing a lot of self-inflicted fuckups . 
  perhaps look at reits if you want low maintenance rental income . 
  phew , good thing the raffle software is n't operated by some guy who has a vested interest in people who pay rl money winning more often , then ... 
  little of column a , little of b. 
  check your white mael privilege, 
  scrub - and mid - tier humans are mechanically worse than hard/unfair bots , but game knowledge and tempo tips the balance towards a good player . 
  i 'm okay with that . 
  if you see ghosts , you got ta stack earlier . 
  4.989999 b that cleverly looks like 4.98 b in the contracts screen . 
  eve 's community seems benign compared to other games , like dota2 and whatever fps player base my mum apparently has sex with . 
  yes , it 's used by dust players . 
  it also causes the mac client to become unstable so it 's a really good idea to disable it . 
  are you agility ? 
  poor man 's shield does wonders . 
  tell the off lane support to help gank mid ? 
  i think any kid just entering high school needs to learn a valuable lesson about trusting others . 
  better online than in public , surrounded by your peers . 
  setting up shop somewhere out of the way like great wildlands is probably doable . 
  if you 're ranged , a shield does n't do much . 
  the ring is usually built into another item , and crucially can not be bought at the side shop , so it 's often purchased at the start of the game . 
  it 's equivalent to ` letting loose ' or ` releasing ' . 
  classic french alliance . 
  let an upstart alliance called goonswarm sleep on their couch in deklein one time . 
  it begins ^ tm,
