  eagle boys , as i recall . 
  they even home delivered . 
  a black t shirt with a coloured triangle near the right shoulder . 
  a range of them , so you could decide `` i want to be tech 2 today . 
  no , scratch that , it 's exam day , i 'm faction fitting . '', 
  a boot stamping on a human face -- forever . 
  with tracking computers , one has the luxury of not compromising one 's tank when refitting . 
  with hardeners , not so much . 
  a ) puppetry . 
  tried it on the weekend to great success . 
  expanded prole launcher - it 's the only one that can fit combat proles . 
  not any more , no . 
  much better to do planetary management , preferably in a class one wormhole , but you can do processing of p1 to p3 in low sec by importing from high sec . 
  would be much less of a problem if squad size in ambush were capped to 3 . 
  look guys i just have the tracking camera on because it looks good . 
  i do n't expect it to be useful . 
  or eve dev on irc . 
  i believe you meant to link http://evetimecode.com/bitcoin4eve.php, 
  ccp sells gtcs to resellers at something like 10 % discount because, 
  a ) resellers buy from ccp in bulk , in advance, 
  b ) people like buying from resellers ( especially in other countries that ccp does n't ), 
  c ) resellers handle the credit card and currency exchange risk, 
  why not vargur ? 
  it 's pretty decent and uses the same guns as a mach . 
  they 're all pretty much the same now . 
  and yet , drones do n't attack in other similar situations . 
  i 'm okay with that , as long as they 're regular . 
  say what you like , but he delivers on his promise of open communication . 
  in retrospect , i agree . 
  i think it 's mostly the transparency of the main text area that grates , rather than the margins . 
  never you ... never you mind about that . 
  let 's not let this subreddit devolve to this . 
  i always wondered what estonia 's main exports are . 
  besides supermodels , that is . 
  does it look [ better or worse ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qillb55.png ) ? 
  have to get a few things in order first . 
  get the okay from sassy b , because he is the ar * tiste *, 
  get the okay from ccp because : [ 3rdparty ] ( http://eveoganda.blogspot.com.au/2013/11/the-big-ban-hammer.html ) :, 
  ps i 'm not making any rl money from this , because holy shit that 's a can of worms . 
  that 's up to whoever i can convince to art stuff from . 
  i only know art for [ sad tristan ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_7khwsr_tgqg/tct8dv8rjai/aaaaaaaaaac/ldrne3dnt6m/s1600/sadfatman.png ) . 
  2 . these are the shirts :, 
  i have n't done anything yet !, 
  these designs are made by [ sassy b ] ( http://www.idrawedsumspaceships.blogspot.com ) who is winning at eve at the moment . 
  so what you 're saying is that you 're going to get a free vacation as well as a job ? 
   she got her share of the pie and now she 's trying to eat theirs as well, 
  that explains what she looks like . 
  [ fifty sheds of grey ] ( https://twitter.com/50shedsofgrey ), 
  it could , depending . 
  safer bet would be words . 
  an o7 m8 shirt would be really easy . 
  way ahead of you . 
  mate , this sub has been dealing with recruitment spam for years . 
  do n't try to reason ; your arguments are not novel or unexpected . 
  if i made a profit , ccp would be quite cross with me . 
  raised a petition . 
  fingers crossed . 
  if not , there 's always fall back positions . 
  those ak0 suits are actually decent . 
  agreed . 
  bluetongue ginger beer is quite unpalatable . 
  frankly , i 'd rather drink something decent like cascade or bundaberg . 
  right , so it 's not about the customer , it 's about checking that the staff have actually checked their id , at least well enough to input the dob . 
  i reckon if the customer is over age , it 's fine to put in any old date , but if the customer ends up being underage on a forged id , then putting in the wrong date kinda implies the staff member did n't check very well and it might go quite badly for them when their employer makes them a scapegoat . 
  internet spaceships politicians good at politics ? 
  what a surprise . 
  petition is already sent . 
  there 's fair use , and then there 's derivative works , and in that area , only lawyers win . 
  and the way they handle new release buzz is stellar . 
  if this gets popular , we 'll have to make a subreddit for it btw . 
  petition came back . 
  ccp said as long as i make zero profit and limited runs it 's okay . 
  so any shirt designs must have a time limit attached . 
  that seems fair . 
  null bear tears , mostly . 
  good point , but high sec customs offices are quite easy to organise an attack against , unlike moons deep in null sec . 
  if those offices stay up , nobody else can say they did n't havethe chance to take them away . 
  i think ads sensitivity can be adjusted separately . 
  or just use a passive target er and a ship scanner and find out for sure . 
  me too . 
  not really . 
  i do n't even know where you live . 
  like the pure blond beer that sometimes has the label upside down . 
  alternatively , keep your mining character separate from your combat character . 
  are you going to get together with / u/chribbax and merge functionality ? 
  also , it 's interesting to note that the dust forums are way better than the eve forums , even though they started on the same code base . 
  i would be unsurprised if gallente assaults get +1 hp/level armour regen , like logistics suits used to . 
  tbh the asp/web dev department of ccp can be , erm , rather hit and miss . 
  ( btw , would love a version of eve gate/forums that works on mobile , but have no idea how to get the plugin working on a phone ), 
  well , amarr seem not to be dual tanking , so much as actually having * some * high slots but no innate reps. see the slot layouts for scouts and heavies , that we do know about . 
  it 's probably best to think of it as converted to playing time rather than money . 
  `` this supercarrier costs five years ' subscription '', 
  unless it happens in molden heath , it wo n't have a major effect . 
  i suspect that planetary conquest 2.0 will spread out the territories a lot ( like , a maximum of three districts per planet ) , which may mean expansion into other regions , so things in eve may have more of an impact than they do now . 
  this is really not true :, 
  source : was a teenage boy . 
  he basically said `` i wo n't do it unless forced . 
  so i 'll force the entire country to do it , and then it will be okay . '', 
  it 's pretty shaky logic , tbh . 
  it 's easier to think of them in terms of game time , since it 's against the eula to extract rl dollars from eve .
