  do they sell roses as well ? 
  this is a deal breaker for me . 
  people unironically drop carriers on officer spawns . 
  just high sec , so if you want to do that p2 -  p4 chain , definitely sneak into low sec , where the tax is closer to 2 % . 
  either way , you 're risking about the same amount of isk . 
  run it through evernus or evemon or whatever . 
  if it works , then it 's jack knife 's fault . 
  if not , they 're lying to you . 
  sweet, 
  iirc nalvula is pretty cool for low sec pocos . 
  maybe it 's just containers that are n't freight containers ? 
  i think there 's a restriction on the types of containers that freighters can carry . 
  that explains why nobody picks up my public courier contracts , but i have no problem with corp or alliance courier contracts . 
  oh , usually 100k/jump for a 10km ^ 3 contract through high sec . 
  collateral is usually pretty big though ; 600m or so . 
  i believe everything in the bible , even the bits that contradict the other bits . 
  whatever you feel like . 
  best to make something that you can process from four separate p1 materials though , since it cuts down on the volume you need to transport out . 
  sydney . 
  never be ashamed of who you are . 
  beat them up regardless . 
  sounds like candidates for bristlr.com, 
  i use eve droid for mail and because it has a good ui . 
  it 's great for general use . 
  i also use evanova because , while the ui is terrible , it has * way * more features , like showing notifications , contracts , industry jobs etc. 
  ideally i 'd want the developers to work together and make one good app instead . 
  why so syrian ? 
  a balance must be struck between encouraging ships to do kinetic damage , and allowing the freedom of dealing any damage type . 
  personally , i 'd like ccp to be more consistent in their strategy , e.g ` calder ships of type x deal + kinetic , ships of with y characteristics give bonus to all missile types ', 
  any chance thukker component array could get its capacity increased ? 
  since it 's used mainly for cap components instead of normal components , it kinda needs a lot more room to hold stuff . 
  it 's an extra few seconds to lock onto battleships , but not substantial change to anything else . 
  you know , the tengu ecm boat recons . 
  those ones . 
  however , for some perverse reason , the better versions may not be 5 % or 10 % higher priced ; doubly so for compressed versions . 
  ok , so a summary of the changes :, 
  * data interfaces ( the one-time purchase that allows you to e.g. 
  make caldari rigs or gallente modules or whatever ) are gone . 
  * decryptors ( the consumable that modifies number of runs , me , te of the invention attempt ) were changed so they will work with any job , rather than you needing a specific racial decryptor for each job . 
  * skill requirements were rearranged so that each invention skill opens up roughly the same number of items , instead of the huge mechanical engineering bias of before . 
  old skill plans should still be valid though . 
  * i do n't think you can add a meta item to the invention attempt any more to improve your chances . 
  * blueprint copies are now me2/te4 when they come out , in line with the new manufacturing rules . 
  do n't knock house of pain , they were pioneers . 
  what race of ships ? 
  if you like missiles , then a talwar or bellicose would work . 
  if turrets , then a thrasher or rupture . 
  see / r/fittings or http://wiki.eveuniversity.org for more help . 
  depends what their agreement with oculus is . 
  remember that they 're a launch title , as well as having some form of exclusivity agreement ( at least on pc ), 
  i ca n't even make a #shotsfired joke right now :(, 
  at least item 3 can be legitimately discussed . 
  did n't the shop used to be part of a bank ? 
  so the windows may not have been regular glass anyway . 
  then fit sensor booster rigs , or capacitor rigs or something . 
  they do n't have bpos ; limited run blueprint copies can be purchased with loyalty points from the various faction loyalty stores , and that 's it . 
  depends what you prefer . 
  for most t1 items going into invention , there 's little difference between me9 and me10 , because most of the cost is in the invention and t2 components . 
  basically , check out http://eve-industry.org/calc/ and start playing with settings . 
  tower and outpost arrays have material discounts . 
  most tower arrays are 2 % discount but higher numbers are possible . 
  yeah , a coffee cart is a much better option . 
  ok , so as long as you keep the 6 plex still in a tradeable form in steam , then you should be able to swap them with other steam stuff . 
  not many people play eve through steam though , because it 's objectively worse . 
  perhaps you 'll get some private messages . 
  for frigate on frigate pvp , you probably are fighting in scram/web range so speed will be relatively low and hobgoblins will be fine . 
  if you 're in a larger ship , you may find that warriors or acolytes might be better , as they 're a bit zippier . 
  is covops cloak important ? 
  fitzroy crossing is a bit dicey , but since i slept through a riot outside the caravan park i stayed at , i might be biased . 
  he must have a lot of syndicate lp , since he has a full set of low-grade edge implants plugged in . 
  if you provide food at your office by catering , then it 's claimable without fringe benefits tax . 
  past that i do n't know . 
  so what you 're saying is that without experience , getting a job in law is hard , yet your uncle who is in law right now ca n't provide you with any internships or anything . 
  i hope you 're funking good at maths because quants kinda need it . 
  it 's very much a top 10 % or fuck off job . 
  trading is different . 
  a relative of mine did commerce/law after almost failing high school . 
  he worked overseas in a bank , came back to oz trying to put his law degree to work but did n't like the 90 % pay cut to be an article clerk , so maybe working internationally might be better than domestically ? 
  he has a * house * in tokyo so he must be doing okay for himself . 
  pretty sure it comes with 30 days ( new accounts only ) but wo n't trigger buddy rewards . 
  what kind of blueprints ? 
  generally , the bpc market is more determined by the capital required to purchase the bpo rather than demand , since supply can be ramped up pretty easily because bpcs are so quick to make now . 
  neut geddon is also pretty good . 
  bills been hitting the campaign trail pretty hard in queensland , since he has no federal competition and is actually getting some press for once . 
  abbott is staying away because he 's toxic . 
  at least for the time being . 
  it 's pathetic that someone is correcting the record after the other team lied to parliament about something trivial ? 
  generally it 's not a good idea to let small lies slide when it comes to stuff like this . 
  it was n't exactly an innocent slip of the tongue . 
  some rigs , even small rigs , are quite expensive compared to the ship hulls . 
  a caracal with rapid light missiles would tear through a level 2 mission . 
  i wonder if he will be back in time for the election . 
  i suspect he planned not to . 
  i once put those rigs on the market in newbie systems . 
  they did n't sell . 
  just buy a bunch of plex each month and wait for a charity event . 
  oh , so that 's why i 'm poor ; i forgot the crucial step of logging in . 
  that 's ... wow . 
  might need to be capped at one rollover , so the most you can ever store is two months worth . 
  keeps things manageable .
