  the number of wa people i 've met over the years who had an investment property in the east that were actually complete holes ... well i could fill a mini bus with them . 
  that guy needs some lithium . 
  yeah , but when purge says `` pink is not being efficient about overextending without vision '' he * implies * more about pinks character flaws than three paragraphs of capitalists yelling . 
  but the insurance you are able to get inside super may not be what you want . 
  in fact , the key point of democratic socialism is that socialist policies can be enacted through a democratic process , rather than the messy business of trotsky style revolution . 
  * move speed is a lot better than xp, 
  * cast range over a small amount of health, 
  * damage over magic resist in most cases , even if just vs creeps . 
  * 3x damage on plague wards is huge , you always take this, 
  move speed has a +1.4 % win rate over xp , even though its chosen only 40 % of the time . 
  iceland 's joke candidate was a great politician though . 
   start crossing icelands border . 
  it 's called `` the ocean '' . 
  game theory is actual mathematics . 
  well it makes the swarm into pike combo a lot better vs monkey . 
  did n't milwaukee out source to china in 2016 ? 
  well , the buff to e is a nice perk . 
  personally i 'd stash it in a high interest savings account and reassess in july . 
  emergencies happen , tires go flat , its prudent to see what you actually get to keep at the end of the financial year . 
  the last thing you want is to buy shares then sell them three months later because you need the money . 
  i often take the move speed talent on legion because 30 damage is nice , but move speed means i have chase . 
  duels mean damage . 
  30 damage is only good when you 're losing . 
  hold . 
  iron prices have stabilised ( higher ) and cap ex is dropping . 
  south 32 means that all the shit that billiton had has been jettisoned , but the savings have yet to flow through so there 's some structural upside in the pipe . 
  and long term , india will need infrastructure so there 's long term support for resources , providing china does n't bogart the entirety of africa . 
  if you 're on 300k a year , you can save a lot of money by paying yourself the first 180k and keeping the rest in your company @ 30 % . 
  but companies do n't get low tax brackets or tax free thresholds so unless you are on a decent wicket its not worth it . 
  maybe a trust would be better ? 
  dude talk to your financial controller . 
  or better yet , you need to know what the company 's plans are , because , you kniw , you 're a director and go to meetings where that 's discussed . 
  if all the profit is earmarked for expansion , nobody is getting anything . 
  i 'm no expert but it sounds like transferring them is itself something that could trigger a capital gains event . 
  qop comes back with a vengeance at level 25 . 
  china thinks long term , and does n't mind breaking a few eggs to make its hundred year omelette plan . 
  the usa is capable of the same thing : the new deal , the interstate program , the space race . 
  perhaps a bit of competition will sharpen its focus . 
  but after the sums are done , i expect paying it off to still be the better option . 
  well if it detects foetal alcohol syndrome , that probably has some correlation ... 
  also , the flush reaction makes alcohol less enjoyable , not more . 
  probably the contrary . 
  australian wine has been incredible value for money since the mid '90s , with a slight dip a few years ago when many wineries were bought by multinational companies and their assets sweated . 
  calibration against others . 
  studies related to op showed that people who were highly competent in something would underestimate their skill level ( based on an exam ) . 
  once they were shown their result , they became very accurate at predicting the results of subsequent exams on the same subject . 
  people who exhibited dunning krueger neither did well or improved their predictions - they kept predicting they would ace the next test . 
  so , gear less aggressively . 
  i think i 'm geared < 20 % at the moment and that 's okay with me . 
  other way around . 
  axe helix is pure now . 
  was that what you were thinking of ? 
  the ends do not justify the means . 
  unless you 're on unpaid leave , which supersedes that , and rightly so . 
  it would really suck for an employer if one of their employees went on unpaid leave for 6 months but you * still * had to pay them public holidays . 
  why not investigate some alternate indexes that de-emphasise the super-large cap stocks on the asx ? 
  um they 're not assets at all . 
  they fall under operational expenditure . 
  de kaffirnated coffee only . 
  [ no and then !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gknx6dievcc ), 
  as an eve online player , you have no * idea * what a virtual economy looks like . 
  i stabs with shield extenders ? 
  why not nanos to avoid the sig bloom ? 
  well everyone should have a hobby . 
  and you can only get that visa once . 
  why not tweetfleet slack ? 
  about 3.50, 
  step 2 is, 
  `` feels  reals '', 
  dunno about whale , but at least a dolphin . 
  maybe an orca . 
  that 's more than enough income to pay a professional to minimise your tax . 
  with a decent budget you should be able to invest the majority of your entire income . 
  joshua gans ( http://www.joshuagans.com/parentonomics/ ) advises to let kids learn about money from an early age . 
  yes , they will waste it on toys and chocolate until they learn that money does n't come in as fast as they can spend it , and saving up for things they want takes some time . 
  but , better to let them learn it when they 're young , rather than after they write off their ( uninsured ) car and still have to pay off the car loan . 
  what this means is that if yiu care about yield , put money aside in your name and manage it yourself . 
  if you want to use it to teach , then consider it lost immediately and if there 's any money left over when they get to high school , that 's an unexpected bonus . 
  so what 's the technique to use w to gain mana ? 
  its the average amount , but this is not a good thing to be average in . 
  or just dump it in the tree line somewhere in your base , protected by mines . 
  your kid is 3 years old , so ploughing the entire thing into long-term investments makes sense ( ideally one with a drp for less ongoing hassle ), 
  for your emergency fund , why not just carve off 5k or 10k chunks and invest ` properly ' while you build it back up ? 
  i assume that 25k is something like 6 months of expenses so you should have ample headroom . 
  this also implies they do the rebalancing between veu and vts , right ? 
  ok , so a 5 % loan at $ 150k has minimum repayments of ~ $ 800/month , so you 're at least not bleeding money . 
  note , however , that your home loan * might * not be tax deductible if it was a primary place of residence when you took the loan out , * and * you pay tax on the rent , so it might not be particularly awesome anyway . 
  add to that the fact that you 're not nearby to do your own repairs and inspections , and it 's looking a lot like more hassle than it 's worth . 
  ooooh , hotd is definitely going into my lich build . 
  area effect health regen , plus early game hill troll priest mana boost plus late game alpha wolf aura , as well as clutch mana boosts ? 
  sign me the hell * up * . 
  i , too , protest high oil prices by burning my own house for warmth . 
  * boots ( or wind lace ), 
  * soul ring ( so good ), 
  * arcanes into aether lens if laning, 
  * tranquils into euls if roaming, 
  * force/aghs/scythe / linkens ( ! ), 
  depending on need, 
  well , people just remembered that the $ 1000 minimum for international purchases to attract gst will disappear in the next 6 months , which will impact some companies more than others .
