  no , for wiping tears away, 
  colonial first state geared share fund . 
  massive gains , massive losses , decent gains , then i got out after the management team left for another company , and considered myself lucky for finding out about it in time . 
  people at low skill level do not know how to tri lane anyway , so it 's usually worse than 2 1 2, 
  did n't they do something good about vaccinations ? 
  and personally , i like the bank tax . 
  too small to nail, 
  when sydney started its gay mardi gras , it was n't safe , and continued to be unsafe for over a decade . 
  beatings ( many by cops ) , murders , you name it . 
  and this was a western country . 
  i too hope it goes safely , but i do not * expect * it . 
  unlikely to , but especially in her situation she should make sure to create an emergency fund in case the circumstances of her employment change for the worse . 
  anything * left over * can be invested in whatever, 
  i read that the aghs was for base sieges . 
  is that your experience ? 
  depends on her risk profile . 
  i mean , i 'm confident that i can get another job within 3 months , so that 's what i use . 
  her circumstances may differ . 
  so you spend $ 1.40 to get 0.70 back , and a stock that may only be worth 0.30 ? 
  / r/hmm, 
  temperatures keep rising, 
  idk , i see many financial institutions getting on the api bandwagon ( and it ** is ** being presented to them in a very buzzword-laden style ), 
  well he was laying low in the uk , couch surfing at the houses of supporters . 
  not exactly walking around with a sign on his back . 
  each minute , automatically one more stack of ancients , no need to stack them yourself . 
  the old queensland senate was not a democratically elected type , so labor got into power and killed it off . 
  keep some in cash . 
  emergencies like `` my laptop died in exam week and my parents card is maxed out '' do happen , even if the truly catastrophic things are covered by your living situation . 
  i 'd stick to one , or * maybe * two etfs with your initial stake . 
  different `` they '' . 
  what * actually * happened was that labor got a majority in the senate and forced a vote to kill itself off . 
  since the senate was full of random nobles from out of the country , the vote passed and it disbanded . 
  getting a new senate needed a referendum , which never passed . 
  oh , it 's just the hassle of keeping them in sync each year is not worth the minor gains of diversification of such low sums . 
  that 's why you 're reading a few people who say `` put it all in one etf then put your next year 's investment into a second etf '', 
  as far as allocations go , 50 50 vas vgs is about the limit . 
  anything more sophisticated is not worth the hassle until you have more funds under management , and more idea about things . 
  only the beta version . 
  there 's no wrong answer because you 're aiming to buy the second etf anyway . 
  personally i 'd start with the most diversified index then work down from there . 
  whatever works . 
  if you want access in case the market crashes ,, 
  * do n't lock it away via super or into hecs, 
  * invest it in sectors that wo n't drop when the australian housing market does . 
  pretty much any international market , for starters . 
  then there 's export based sectors like mining , although that sector is probably overpriced except for the majors imo . 
  so , you need to set standards of acceptable conduct . 
  might be hard for your kids since they 've come to expect it now , but that 's on you . 
  source : have kids that appreciate snacks at movies , but do n't * expect * them . 
  botulism toxin is denatured by 5 minutes at ~ 85c . 
  this is enough for immediate consumption . 
  botulism * spores * only die after 10 minutes @ 120c . 
  so if you plan to store meat for later , you either do that , or soak it in curing salts , or risk randomly dying . 
   yeah !, 
  why does n't everyone do this !, 
  a : hardly anyone knows how . 
  that 's why curing salts were much sought-after in ancient times . 
  only takes a small amount of saltpetre or sodium nitrite to kill botulism spores , but without that , you 're taking your life into your hands every time you make salami or whatever . 
  i guess it 's important that the meat is fresh , then , so botulism does not have time to grow . 
  pl does not have web to give him health regeneration . 
  also , it means you 're responsible for fixing defects in the work . 
  also , iron talon does more damage if you rage yourself . 
  no , the target needs to be stone before it hits . 
  well , there 's a significant chunk of the population that considers it a feature , not a bug . 
  forced to go overseas ? 
  not a problem when you already have relationships with off shore companies . 
  you just choose a good worker and bring him over . 
  if anything , it 's * much cheaper * than paying someone the going rate . 
  goes straight from page 14 to 88, 
  you guys are in violent agreement, 
  well , it means they do n't have to dip into stocks for it , so it 's still good , just the effect on stocks is delayed rather than immediate '' +1 bag '', 
   i do think true high-skilled jobs should offer a pathway to residency though . 
  ok , but 457 was set up to be bastard-level `` we need skilled people for this tulip boom , then we can tell them to fuck off back to holland '', 
  australia also has a long-term skilled visa -  residency system , and that 's perfectly okay . 
  just do n't expect there to be a 100 % overlap between the short-term and long-term lists , because they 're deliberately designed for different purposes . 
  cutting rates just prolongs the bubble . 
  so , they wo n't risk cutting rates until they see the bubble already popping . 
  the four year 457 allows it . 
  i never said the lists were * good * , merely that they are for different purposes . 
  ministry of sound chillout sessions . 
  once bkb start to appear , get aghs . 
  amazon is coming to australia . 
  i expect our high minimum wage will see them skipping humans entirely and doing the robot thing . 
  if you do n't have a second job , then tick yes . 
  at least two of the other answers provided in this thread are sketchy . 
  you need to learn enough to work out which ones and why , before you invest your money . 
  unexpected silverchair, 
  i meant pieces of advice from within comments . 
  i do n't think there was one that was 100 % bad . 
  pro tip : anything with people in it has serious flaws . 
  practically any system needs regulation to prevent it going off the rails . 
  i am okay with this . 
  seems reasonable . 
  yeah nah it works fine here in australia . 
  you might want to look up `` rich uncles guide '' on this subreddit . 
  perhaps it might prove useful . 
  it was a short , jocular career . 
  we took a hard right turn a few years back . 
  still a couple of years until the next election . 
  i respect your decision , but the language is not an excuse .
