  those suits get bonuses to projectiles & explosive weapons , which means combat rifles , mass drivers , swarm launchers for some strange reason , and sidearms like smgs and flay lock pistols . 
  you probably already have an smg blueprint , but smgs are terrible right now , and you do n't want to roll in a logistics suit with a terrible weapon no matter how cheap it is . 
  go for combat rifles - i like the assault combat rifle because it 's a lot like the smg used to be : spray , pray . 
  for longer range work , the normal burst-fire combat rifle is good . 
  if you can spare the sp , get combat rifle to v , then a couple points in the rest of the cr skill tree because it 's cheap . 
  you can use a cr on a minmatar scout , assault , logistics and commando suit without being ashamed . 
  next up , get mass driver to iii because the advanced mass driver is like 6000 isk which is a bargain . 
  you can use that situationally , although that 's my main weapon across all suits so you certainly can run with it if you want . 
  also , consider putting 3 points into swarm launchers because you do need to kill tanks occasionally , and minmatar commando gives bonuses to swarms if you want to get serious about av . 
  after that , do whatever you want , you 've probably run out of sp anyway , 
  yeah , although [ i know a guy ] ( https://forums.dust514.com/default.aspx?g=posts&amp;m=2062607#post2062607 ) in my alliance who does eve -  dust and dust -  eve transfers , and i use him from time to time ( the exchange rate is n't 1:1 of course ), 
  get them to iii . 
  grenades are basically your sidearm when you 're running a logistics suit , but sadly basic or advanced grenades are n't usually enough to kill someone . 
  most people just use flux grenades , which i guess works well if your other weapon does the opposite damage type , like combat rifles . 
  when you 're rich and bitter , you can rock prototype grenades to one-shot people , so there 's that . 
  i think it 's a public service . 
  i think the eve -  dust rate is closer to 7:1 though . 
  i get that reference . 
  do n't get me wrong , i have proficiency v in smg , i just find it lacklustre compared to a year ago . 
  well , if you like amarr there 's the templar pack which you can buy from other players ( i have a set spare ) . 
  alternatively , you can buy an apex blueprint which is a prototype suit with pre fit ( basic ) modules for complete no isk fighting . 
  depending on the exact suit , it could be exactly what you want . 
  if you 're interested in marine biology , james cook university in cairns is even more tropical . 
  do n't fall for the sunk costs fallacy . 
  what you 've spent is spent . 
  it only matters whether the next purchase i 'd worth it . 
  do n't ask me , i just spent $ 40 on eve themed poker cards and i do n't even play poker . 
  to dinner ? 
  he did n't want to marry her . 
  he just wanted to data . 
  someone needs to do a review of each of the apex suits . 
  you can work remotely . 
  i dont want to overextend , but i did put up a small buy order for hype . 
  it is true , at least in hot climates . 
  the guy who wrote / u/eve _ reddit_bot now works for ccp ( that 's not the only reason he was hired , but it certainly did n't hurt ), 
  they 'll pay , because they do n't want to be seen as vindictive . 
  they 'll just hire much cheaper lawyers . 
  microbial , so cold will slow it , as well as ozone , which any sealed container will ameliorate . 
  uh , enough with the derivative jokes please . 
  there 's a scene in daredevil where he folds different notes different ways before putting them in his wallet each day . 
  does n't help you check you 've been given correct change though . 
  wow , lots of whooshing happening here . 
  also , the babadook . 
  mate , i 'm not responsible for your anemic vocabulary . 
  logistics squads or wings with their own specialised warfare link boosters are a thing . 
  so , the main booster might run shield resists and two skirmish links while the logistics ships get the other two shield links . 
  i resile from this position of authority . 
  i may have to spell out each joke fourier . 
  not necessarily ` he ' , btw . 
  lower than riot . 
  but let 's face it , you 're not attracted to working there for the dollar amount anyway , are you ? 
  uh , falcon 's deep into lore btw . 
  sup from australia . 
  ps , still ca n't login to dust forums :(, 
  i have n't been able to from anywhere , for almost a week . 
  what does your corporation provide that a shared chat channel does not ? 
  serious question . 
  i read an article last month . 
  the chart said that suncorp was second-worst amongst all the funds looked at , so i 'm not surprised you 're looking around . 
  they 'll only put amarr and minstar vehicles in when the legion team gets around to making them , so it will probably be a long time . 
  art department has always historically been a bottleneck for ccp . 
  yeah , iirc , suncorp and ioof were the bottom two by a large margin . 
  perhaps one of these sites can help you choose a different one :, 
  * http://www.canstar.com.au/superannuation/, 
  * http://www.industrysuper.com/compare/fund-comparator/, 
  * http://www.selectingsuper.com.au/, 
  personally , i 'm considering moving my super into an industry fund because i have the sneaking suspicion that the one i 'm in is the best for my financial planner , not actually * me * . 
  legion is currently being made with ue3 + add-on packs for various bits and pieces . 
  valkyrie is being made with ue4 though . 
  perhaps they 'll upgrade legion once they gain more experience with ue4 . 
  just bear in mind that some of the exclusive super funds have really good returns and reputation . 
  uni super may be one of them . 
  covert subsystem nerfs your guns too hard . 
  get a drone bay from somewhere . 
  failheap has a surprisingly good thread about pvp fits for the proteus . 
  i suggest you check it out . 
  and by ` ok ' i mean ` if you want to talk * at * people instead of * to * them , get a blog . 
  yes , i do have a blog . 
  i use it to talk at people . 
  dust is down as well , so that 's an extra 6 people inconvenienced . 
  i lie , it 's more like, 
  * checks eve-offline *, 
  224 people . 
  you know . 
  as in , it appears on your overview right next to your cloaca . 
  page does n't fully load in safari . 
  this explains much about the eve mac client . 
  just kidding . 
  mostly . 
  i have karma to spare . 
  i 'm incredibly more likely to vote for cagali after reading this . 
  op says he 's jewing . 
  people in brave say ` call it ratting , you dickhead ', 
  op takes it the wrong way and shit posts everywhere about it . 
  cagali tells op to shut the fuck up . 
  and here we are . 
  yes , they plan to bring back some of those . 
  they can , but that does n't help him buy a house . 
  quite frankly , i made a lot of rigs ( some sizes of rigs are n't worth it , do your sums ) , then moved onto t1 and t2 modules . 
  a lot of ships are n't worth making , btw .
