  tldr ; talking to us prevents fuckups , so do it . 
  the third eq slot shows up in a/1 series now ( was ak0 only in uprising 1.2 and earlier ), 
  bitchception . 
   that 's a bit of a stretch, 
  try a smaller suppository . 
  dust is already in the middle of its version of the [ jita riots ] ( http://massively.joystiq.com/2011/06/26/eve-evolved-the-day-that-eve-online-died/ ) ; it 's just that nobody is listening . 
  first , you have to be relevant enough to talk to . 
  all the major alliances have access to jabberlon 5 or equivalent diplomatic channels already . 
  follow up :, 
  ** nova knife ** wrote :, 
   so , some good ( ish ) news to report , following up to this . 
   prior to even posting this , we poked ccp pr . 
  we wanted them to know we were going to post something that was going to end up being pretty grim , and why we were posting it . 
  following this courtesy call , emails were sent out and we were contacted by several of the higher-ups , asking what was up to hear it for themselves . 
  we were told this stuff was being added top the agenda of meetings with the higher-ups this week , and that they 'd get back to us in a meeting shortly after . 
   this was pretty much expected , but we 're not so much posting this to turn heads at ccp or to make it seem like we 're trying to bully them into a response , so much as to acknowledge to the public `` this is how things are right now '' . 
  our hope is that in the following week ( s ) , we can hopefully have something much more positive to report . 
  we want to keep the players in the loop as much as possible with what we 're doing and how it 's going . 
   now , on to the positive stuff !, 
   after posting this , i had a nice , lengthy talk with ccp cmdr wang . 
  we talked about this statement , why we were making it , what our goals were with it , and the conversation progressed into something massively productive , beyond anything i could have hoped . 
  he explained clearly and concisely ccp 's internal design process and terminology and planning structures . 
  we talked about the devblog process and how they determine what information is getting out and what precisely the ` hoops ' are in order for a blog to land in the communities ' lap . 
  we talked about dev & blue posts , and any rules regarding those that apply to information getting out . 
   we also discussed the hotfix process & how the weekly reports from the community team play into those , and how those fixes are prioritized . 
  we expanded our conversation into marketing , and while i ca n't get too much into what we talked about here , it was good info and super helpful . 
   in summary :, 
   ccp cmdr wang gave us a massive amount of insight into many of ccp 's processes that we have grievances with , and explained the proper terms to use to best ensure we ` click ' with the devs and can communicate with them as efficiently as possible using language and methods that would best allow us to make the impact we 're attempting to do . 
  now , in the meeting later this week with the higher-ups , we 'll be completely armed to take best advantage of this opportunity and do the most good . 
  yard bird has many types of wings ; they 're on the next block , behind montezuma 's . 
  one of my corp mates uses a forge . 
  he pops me at ranges up to 180m . 
  that 's somewhat difficult to counteract at that range . 
  if you 're going to mine in low sec , use a venture instead of a barge . 
  it 's faster and resistant to being warp scrambled . 
   genolution 's press releases indicated that this new batch of implants would be available to capsuleers in limited numbers , but after the experience of the ca-1 and ca-2 nobody believes them . 
  ironically , the asian server is way better for afking . 
  they even optimise the domination matches so that one side gets the enemy mcc down to 25 % shields , then lets them cap it back , to extend the afk duration . 
  old news . 
  the poverty line in india has been ( self ) defined at [ ~ 60c/day ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/below_poverty_line ) . 
  it depends on what standard of living you 're willing to accept . 
  i know a few australians who retired to bali and live off their savings due to the difference in purchasing power between the two currencies . 
  it 's quite likely that you could do the same in india , or at least backpack there extremely cheaply . 
  you seem to be under the misapprehension that i 'm in test . 
  or rat . 
  or login , come to think of it . 
  only 1300 signatures so far . 
  that 's a bit shit . 
  we can do better than that . 
   we do n't see much of the same thing happening with dust . 
  has someone working on vehicles written anything close to , `` we want vehicles to be the dominant force on the battle field on any map with open terrain . 
  our goal is that in almost every conceivable engagement scenario we would like to require at least 2 advanced av infantry team up to take out 1 advanced level tank . 
  that is what we are working toward . '', 
  no , because the developer who * was * working on vehicles no longer works for ccp . 
  they 'll just start using everything from 96 to 99 . 
  it 's worth losing a couple of cents per item if you increase sales by a couple of percent by doing so . 
  no ; she 's saying that it 's up to the creators of copyrighted works to sue people who violate their copyrights , instead of telling the police `` go find out if someone 's copying my stuff because i 'm not making as much money as i could be . '', 
  apparently in her world that 's a bad thing , but in the real world , the police are not there to hunt down people who break business contracts ; that 's what the court system is for . 
  if she 's * so * worried about the cost of enforcement , then, 
  * she can do what the music industry does , and authorize companies to go out and sue people on their behalf , and, 
  * why would it be fair to foist it onto taxpayers instead ? 
  i still have dozens of decryptors in my hangar , under the mistaken belief theywould rise in price due to the odyssey buff to decryptors , totally forgetting about the buff to exploration as well . 
  definitely in pl . 
  part of that is that raivi and kil2 know what they 're doing , because they have an intimate knowledge of how eve works . 
  the dust devs do n't have that luxury . 
  which makes it even more important that they tap into the community , which has been playing the hell out of the game since beta . 
  did you expect otherwise ? 
  son , i 'm not sure you * get * how the world works . 
  shocked , i say . 
  i 'm interested because i live in australia , so i know the sun is trying to kill me , just like the wildlife does . 
  i wish i was famous enough to have stock footage of my cleavage . 
  stats are up, 
  wow , looks like we 'll be putting basic plates on * everything * . 
  you 're lacking, 
  * skill points, 
  * real-life experience and know-how, 
  * in-game capital, 
  it 's not looking promising . 
  spend 12k skill points and get level 1 in the skill . 
  militia grade is overrated for weapons that are easy to skill into . 
  oh shit they broke my ` saved for later viewing ' secret reddit code !, 
  well , you did mention ` full stop ' so i thought you would be pleased at seeing full stops . 
  amarr suits can armor tank anyway . 
  more like a kleptocracy . 
  sydney to melbourne would be ideal . 
  australia has a single-payer system , as well as a [ single-buyer system ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pharmaceutical_benefits_scheme ) for drugs . 
  it works really well . 
  my personal experience with eve online has shown me two things . 
  there are a lot of people who are very good at market manipulation in a computer game , so there 's likely a lot more of them in real life, 
  if you have a market that has limited supply and nobody with actual real-life guns to enforce the rules , you * will * have shady stuff happen . 
  that 's actually the * second * rule of eve , after ` do n't fly what you ca n't afford to lose ' . 
  \\ #occupytemple, 
  looks like they mind-wiped her and replaced her personality with gevlon goblin 's . 
  most of their plex stockpile is confiscated from rmters and botters , iirc . 
  this is the backup , * backup * graphic designer , since the other two got ganked by rl . 
  personally , i 'm * really * disappointed with the ` working as intended ' note for the ar dispersion bug . 
  it 's trivially easy to write a mouse script to insert a 1 millisecond pause a few times per second to get zero dispersion without loss of effective damage application . 
  the mechanic of ` button up , dispersion starts reducing and hits zero within x milliseconds ' is wide-spread . 
  the mechanic of ` button up , dispersion = 0 ' is not , and when it does exist , it usually occurs on console shooters with no mouse support . 
  why not both ? ^ tm,
