  core probe launcher i , sisters core scanner probe i, 
  salvager i, 
  [ empty high slot ], 
  small gravity capacitor upgrade i, 
  small gravity capacitor upgrade i, 
  [ empty rig slot ], 
  everything fits even with all skills at zero . 
  as your skills improve , you can upgrade to better equipment and even fit a gun or another salvager . 
  top 3 % of the country is n't really middle class , especially if it 's a single income . 
  it 's also part of the top 5 % and the top 10 % . 
  do you really consider only the top 1 % of the country to be upper class ? 
  no wiggle room at all ? 
  australian here . 
  what 's an outback steak house ? 
  probably nowhere . 
  you cant get one online ? 
  no credit card ? 
  you can buy prepaid ones ... 
  i 'm more interested in hans endorsing mynnna and malcanis on his blog . 
  nothing at all . 
  if he has created the account , it could be dicey . 
  i 'd raise a petition with ccp to get it sorted out . 
    you guys ca n't be that fucking stupid, 
   challenge accepted, 
  fyp, 
  i must admit that the concept of a bloomin ' onion is appealing to me . 
  a mastodon is still tougher than a tech 1 hauler . 
  not sure whether it 's * worth * it though , if it means you have to do more trips . 
  internal force field array i, 
  power diagnostic system ii, 
  experimental 10mn microwarpdrive i, 
  large shield extender ii, 
  adaptive invulnerability field ii, 
  improved cloaking device ii, 
  medium cargohold optimization i, 
  medium cargohold optimization i, 
  46k ehp ( up to 59k with cdfe ) , 18k cargo ( down to 13.6 k when tanked ), 
  a small pos is useful in non station systems , but if you have access to a station , use it . 
  sadistica alliance has control of some nice low sec systems if you 're interested in joining them . 
  you might be able to do it with a myrmidon , but you better be prepared to run away from stuff while you kite stuff to death . 
  pack a target painter or you 'll lose drones to aggression . 
  the gallente strategic cruiser is very good at pvp but equally terrible at pve work ; something like an ishtar would be better . 
  tldr ; ishtar or dominix , or crosstrain caldari for the rattlesnake . 
  i think * taxpayers * will pay for it . 
  perhaps `` return and orbit '' is all that 's needed ? 
  a t2 fit moros will put out 12000 dps @ 19k +9 k with faction ammo ( 24k +31 k if using optimal scripts ), 
  a t2 fit nag will put out maybe 9k dps , although its guns will hit out to 20k +60 k fairly easily . 
  for the time being , focusing on veldspar and scordite is a good idea . 
  running level 1 -  2 -  3 -  4 missions is the grind treadmill that ccp neglects to inform new eve players that it 's optional , and suboptimal . 
  corpmates can help you jump straight to level 3 or 4 missions by sharing their standings . 
  alternatively , corps with access to low-sec or null-sec have access to battleship-class npc pirates or deadspace anomalies that do n't require standings to enter . 
  as a newbie , i got tired of doing the highsec mission thing and immediately started ratting in lowsec . 
  sure , people chase you around the place , but finding a few asteroid belts with three 900k-bounty npc battleships goes a long way towards replacing losses . 
  wrong resists do nothing . 
  i 'd fit a micro jump drive rather than a microwarp drive for this fit . 
  get 100km away, 
  slowboat away while popping anything that looks at you funny . 
  i think the best fight i 've ever had was the [ bar fight in ef-f ] ( http://serpentinelogic.wordpress.com/2012/02/27/bar-fight-in-ef-f/ ) . 
  low-sec belts rats are ok though . 
  i cut my teeth in the [ teshkat pocket ] ( http://evemaps.dotlan.net/map/tash-murkon/teshkat#sec ) . 
  presumably an npc dust corporation has its hq in that system . 
  / r/evejobs -  that way . 
  liek dis if u unanchor evry time, 
  i time the fuel in my tower to coincide with silos filling up . 
  that way i actually get reminded via notification , 
  you can afford a lot of 10m charges by unanchoring everything you can , then selling them in jita ~, 
  jesus between jester , malcanis and mynnna i do n't have enough accounts to vote with . 
  i prefer a fit with better resistance to neuting when forced to engage in scram range . 
  [ stiletto , nos ], 
  f85 peripheral damage system i, 
  micro auxiliary power core ii, 
  overdrive injector system ii, 
  limited 1mn microwarpdrive i, 
  medium shield extender ii, 
  faint epsilon warp scrambler i, 
  125mm gatling autocannon ii , republic fleet emp s, 
  small diminishing power system drain i, 
  125mm gatling autocannon ii , republic fleet emp s, 
  small core defence field extender i, 
  small ionic field projector i, 
  no , that 's ok . 
  isboxer is ok , provided all inputs are human inputs . 
  isboxer is pretty-much the best out there , so i hear . 
  account-sharing will get you banned ( temporarily , usually ) . 
  this happens rarely , unless you do something to get ccp 's attention ( e.g. 
  someone petitions you , and the gm notices ), 
   after much thought , i 'm going to run for csm election this year . 
   ** what are my qualifications : **, 
   first and foremost i have been playing eve for over 6 years . 
  i 've seen a lot , done a lot , connected with a lot of other players and i have a pretty wide experience of the game ( and some pretty wide gaps in that experience , as i will freely admit ) . 
  i have lived in sov 0.0 , npc 0.0 , lo-sec , hi-sec and w-space . 
  i 'm not an intense meta-gamers , i do n't hang out in the `` cool '' jabber channels , i 'm not in any kind of alliance leadership position . 
  my perspective is that of a humble grunt , and my philosophy is informed by that . 
   secondly , and more visibly , i spend a great deal of time thinking and discussing eve . 
  anyone who reads these forums knows that . 
  i 'm always ready to learn from people who know something i do n't , and i spend a fair amount of time trying to help people who do n't know things i do . 
  running for the csm is a logical extension of that . 
   finally , i am - no false modesty here - a ~ good poster ~ . 
  i can present a reasoned , logical , structured argument , and i can follow one when it 's presented to me . 
  if i am elected , i will represent my philosophy to ccp effectively .
