  rooks are n't know for their mission running , though , so its probably okay . 
  i do n't think you can corner the market on something that can be bought with lp . 
  even worse if it 's convertible from concord ( which i 'm not sure whether sisters of eve can be ), 
  science skills at iv go a long way , why wait . 
  someone applies to corp, 
  i reject them as a spy, 
  there is no step 3 . 
  plex are on sale from time to time , but they never drop below the price of a twelve month subscription . 
  and costco . 
  i would like to know what the difference is in the eyes of the law in queensland . 
  so the only thing that taxis have compared to a hire car service is being able to flag them down or go to a taxi rank ? 
  seems possible to adjust uber rates to cope with that . 
  yeah , i know a cheap gym but it 's in bowen hills . 
  blending your own hummus is so , so good . 
  that 's fine in any country that pronounces dance as dahnce . 
  ccp banwave with his trusty soundhammer . 
  the australian censorship rules are pretty strict on that . 
  * sex, 
  * violence, 
  choose only one at a time . 
  `` why are people so unkind ? '', 
  - kamahl, 
  looks like you did n't say the magic words to trigger the bot . 
  let me know if you still want an extended trial link . 
  i sometimes play two hours a * month * . 
  i guess it depends whether you consider that worth it . 
  yes , but 4 is enough if you have more pressing concerns . 
  what time zone are you in ? 
  rus ? 
  west australia ? 
  do n't neglect checking with building societies and credit unions as well as the banks . 
  any reason why ? 
  low slots do n't help shield tank much . 
  fit a stab and a nano , or stab and suitcase . 
  also eveharmony was already taken . 
  retrievr, 
  oh , by the way , always pronounce aussie as ` auzzie ' . 
  never with real 's ' sound . 
  he shows how to solve the importxml issue though . 
  it may not help directly , but there is always a role for ships in medium-sized fleets to conduct combat probing to find enemies who are in safe spots , attempting to logoff etc. 
  absolutely , and exploration of combat sites means you can use both sets of skills at once to make money . 
  we have ` who can go the longest between logins ' competitions . 
  so far , our ceo is winning . 
  / r/new _ eden_news_bot /, 
  same thing . 
  the thing about the meta is that , like in other games like magic : the gathering , it 's highly dependent on your local conditions . 
  afterburner , micro-warp drive , or on larger ships , micro-jump drive . 
  list of resellers, 
  most accept us dollars instead , and some , like eve time code dot com , will have discount codes if you google for them . 
  [ you sure ? 
  ] ( http://games.chruker.dk/eve_online/inventory.php?group_id=811 ), 
  test, 
  in it , my agency takes 30 % off the top , which is a bit on the high side . 
  usually it 's closer to 23 % . 
  there 's tech 1 logistics ships too , so it does n't need to be months before you 're useful . 
  not many alliances use shield capitals . 
  i think test has some sort of shield cap thing ? 
  it 's beginning to sound a lot like bribery ... 
  500 teaching degrees , for queenslanders . 
  personally , i 'd rather pay existing teachers more , since having a free degree does n't help much if your prospects are ordinary afterwards . 
  but , that would n't make the news , would it ? 
  pretty sure they already do have something like that ; would prefer to see more funding to that rather than as free degrees , because it actually solves a problem . 
  ah , i found out that vanguard is non-profit as well , so that 's extra awesome . 
  i 've had one for over six weeks , no takers . 
  yes , but a cloaked exploration frigate is still cheap and you can recoup its cost in one or two sites . 
  right . 
  got it . 
  i do n't * want * bribes from both sides ; i want money to be spent wisely and effectively rather than wasted on shit to buy some votes . 
  or significantly less . 
  try being kicked off at 9pm every night and see how you like it . 
  ideally it should give a lot more information about the system it connects to , like kills in the last 30 minutes etc. 
  i should n't need to consult out-of-game sources of info like dotlan for stuff like that . 
  why not both ? 
  newbies are n't going to know it 's a map filter ; they want to know how suicidal it is to jump through . 
  there are tech 1 cloaks , and tech 1 exploration frigates . 
  the cloak is optional , anyway . 
  feel free to ask ccp to change downtime to your prime time . 
  trotsky did suggest revolution was the only way to actually change things , so there 's a thread of radicalism at each end of the spectrum . 
  if musterbrand only wants to sell to rich people , the least they could do is sell cuff links . 
  it must have been quite surprising how full of solitude solitude is . 
  ^ me ^ too, 
  there 's some on etsy right now if you 're keen . 
  or just do n't use the browser plugin , just like you would avoid the active x plugin . 
  he needs a suppository of wisdom . 
  maybe for ships , but not for anything else , . because a blueprint can do about 2000 items per month which is a drop in the bucket of any reasonable sized market . 
  yeah , compressed ore volumes changed but compressed ice is still at 10:1 ratio . 
  use the rifter in the fittings icon then , it 's surrounded by a circle . 
  except that i ca n't wear a fedora or neck beard to work . 
  just throw it on teespring , avoid the hassle . 
  you heard it here first :, 
  raise a support ticket and a gm will reset the mission for you . 
  another option is to go to * another * career agent system and do it there instead . 
  or do both . 
  yes , they unlock ~ immediately . 
  more to the point , the liberal party has actually killed off medicare once before , and labor has reinstated it . 
  as joh used to say : ` never you ... never you mind about * that * ', 
  it must have been hard to contain yourself . 
  perhaps a stiff drink would help . 
  no , not at all . 
  for instance , i just put in a job for 16200 t2 components , so me 10 adds up , although it does n't help if the component only needs one of something .
