  if it 's lower ( or higher ) , then it 's not geostationary . 
  it 's leo . 
  well , there 's a few ways , even within the ` further education ' sphere, 
  * certs and training for your main job to earn more money, 
  * learning financial basics to save money ( or avoid scams that will cost money ), 
  * new skills/materials for a side job ( `` i want a side business where i go to national parks and sell icecream on hot days '' ), 
  * new skills/materials to save money ( `` i can lay my own decking/fix holes in plasterboard '' etc ), 
  and that 's leaving alone all the `` get fit/be attractive '' angle that has a non-zero chance of improving your health or career ( or , you know , life ), 
  that 's just as unlikely as thinking `` we plan to cut social security in half , but our modelling predicts no increase in thefts because our citizens are not criminals '', 
  i 'm sure you are aware that there are many forms of social security , from unemployment benefits , to housing subsidies , to tax breaks , to pensions . 
  my analogy stands . 
  un peacekeeper ranks are filled with soldiers from many countries . 
  the un has as little success stamping out crime and corruption inside the peacekeeping force as it does in the nations they come from . 
  if you want to get back into childcare and are willing to start up your studies again ( or have enough recognised prior learning to pick up a cert straight away ) , there 's a few jobs here :, 
  * http://www.ymcabrisbane.org/careers/424-oct-26-casual-oshc-assistants-berrinba.html, 
  * http://www.ymcabrisbane.org/careers/429-oct-24-casual-childcare-assistant-gumdale.html, 
  i know they 're probably out of the way , but it shows there 's entry-level positions available , and you can always move into a different , related career later . 
  way more expensive though, 
  can you get there iteratively ? 
  like , start with veil ? 
  i guess we 'll have to agree to disagree on that , because i suspected stuff like this would happen when i heard about the one child policy as a kid , and i consider it unlikely that i 'm alone in that . 
  in fact , there are a number of people who have a strategy of putting options on stocks that are likely to go in or out of various indexes . 
  preferably one that has a low-fees option ( i hear rest has one , the others probably do too ) . 
  get shit in writing . 
  that means, 
  * purchase agreement ( and price ), 
  * your mum 's rental agreement ( she must pay a reasonable amount of rent . 
  i do n't care if you give it back to her by paying her bills but the ato needs to see that it 's a legit rental ), 
  you 're not just protecting yourself , but you 're protecting your mum from any more creditors that come knocking . 
  i bought a phone online , and within 30 seconds , i had someone call me to confirm that it really was me buying stuff from the uk . 
  some providers take this seriously . 
  made from chokos . 
  asx is easier if they are cross listed . 
  more exotic stocks might need to be bought in the us though . 
  this , from the same country that wrote the kama sutra . 
  yeah i was in that for a while , but switched ( after ~ 100k in super , the percentage management fee starts to bite ), 
   it 's also the governments responsibility to ensure that there are jobs when people graduate, 
  the government does not dictate which courses you take , so it has zero * responsibility * to ensure there are jobs for every course under the sun . 
  the government has a * goal * of providing jobs , but no personal responsibility to ensure there is a job for you if you decide to study something obscure . 
   i also share the same values with you , that our countries ( au/nz ) should implement the german system of providing tertiary education as being completely free of charge . 
  if so , they 'll need to tighten the entry requirements for those free university places . 
  yeah . 
  you might even be able to get some legal documents from the internet ( once you specify zero interest and repayment ` at will ' rather than a fixed term ), 
  get them witnessed and signed , and you 're set . 
  it 's not just in case you break up , it 's important you * both * have a legal record of a non-trivial amount of money being lent . 
  how 's rushing mek on lich working out for you ? 
  i find that sometimes the activation cost is just too much without more mana pool from lens or a point booster . 
  you might want to try a casual wind lace and/or raindrops , or pick up an urn instead or mek . 
  the wind lace will help with positioning errors , which will reduce your deaths . 
  we ca n't help with that . 
  you 'll need to do your sums . 
  from what i can see of the bond market , i 'd rather get a fixed-interest etf or stash the money in a hisa . 
  i 'd rather almost-certain low interest than 100 % certain chance of zero interest . 
   am i being too aggressive with my $ 4000 ? 
  it 's good that you 're considering this . 
  personally , i keep < 10 % of my portfolio in direct shares , because i have a history of choosing poorly . 
  ( it started at 80 % before i came to my senses ), 
  obviously your circumstances are different , but imo you should choose a percentage that you are willing to invest directly , and bulk up the rest of your portfolio until that $ 4000 is the correct ratio . 
  the core of my portfolio is a few etfs to give broad exposure to world markets ( plus some domestic index funds because hey , franking credits ), 
  i also have some managed funds from hunter hall , aberdeen etc ( small caps , emerging opportunities etc ) in markets where i think a human can do better than a naive index ( there are carefully-crafted indexes such as mvs that might be worth getting into ), 
  the rest is stocks i like in my area of expertise , and a few punts like xero that i 'm bandwagoning on . 
  since he is lactose-intolerant , hit gut bacteria will digest the lactose instead of him , so * technically * , bacteria ** do ** give him the shits . 
  it 's not `` shit '' , it 's just she needs the slots , and lance is better for her , and she can farm it fast enough not to care about the differnece in gold . 
  or casual clarities . 
  well , when fmt is used , the alternative is usually `` have surgery to remove your entire intestine because none of the drugs work on your strain of [ c.diff ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/clostridium_difficile_infection#surgery ) . 
  so , given that choice , bring me a hose and a squeeze bottle . 
  and the witch doctor 's practicing coconuts, 
  as the antimage slowly gets farm, 
  yes , they 're sharing a game they call cyka blyat, 
  and trying not to self-harm, 
  have you considered choosing a roamer with pushing potential ? 
  like np ? 
  immediately after tranquils , along with more wards . 
  before boots if you 're desperate . 
   why not just buy all the winning companies ? 
  why not just bet on the winning horse ? 
  a chicago politician stumping to remove gerrymandering . 
  what a world we live in . 
  can you together afford the repayments , i guess that 's the important one . 
  you may need to move back in with her to afford it . 
  depends on the state . 
  in mine , you can vote for only a few candidates instead of ranking them all . 
  both major parties are centrist , but they are * not * both left leaning . 
  abbott is more left than hard line gop candidates . 
  besides , we voted out the guy before him , rather than expressly voting * for * tony . 
  it 's more like `` pander to the centre , not your party faithful '' . 
  i have some bad news for you . 
  although we at least have third parties we can rank ahead of the major two parties . 
  lines to vote in australia are rarely ever longer than 30 minutes , and are often close to zero wait time . 
  he 's just pushing it . 
  pushing it real good . 
  we 've gone through four prime ministers since 2012 . 
  sooner or later we 'll find a good one . 
  yes , but 538 has a reputation . 
  well the dnc has a collection of bugs he can choose from . 
  being poor , and also having no assets . 
  i suspect the assets test is set absurdly low . 
  `` oh , you have a car worth more than $ 2000 ? 
  denied . '', 
  that 's the impression i get .
