  fair enough . 
  do you lose your first home buyer 's grant though ? 
  that 's a bit no true scotsman though . 
  labor has a left faction that pushes back against neolib policies . 
  the liberals have nothing like that . 
  so , pivot . 
  make it like fitbit for miners . 
  all * your * stats are private , but you can make your achievements public or share them around . 
  is diffusal a common pickup on clinkz ? 
  deso + diffusal seems like a lot of tower damage in a very cheap package, 
  cool . 
  i 'll try it out . 
  * new dog whistles are insider knowledge . 
  fosters group cohesion . 
  * it 's news in itself ; keeps the group talking , meme fodder etc, 
  * and yes , occasionally a dog whistle becomes too blatant and needs to be retired for a newer , more effective/subtle one . 
  hmm , i thought the raw stats were better than something else like orchid , but looks like they 're only about 2/3 as good . 
  opendota does not have access to seasonal rank . 
  all it can do is pull your solo and/or party mmr * if * you choose to display it on your dota profile . 
  just like every night has its dawn, 
  can you do air tasking in the interim ? 
  can you apply to both ? 
  nice . 
  keep doing the thing !, 
  i 'd put john 's first , then . 
  not this century , no . 
  ploughing is more like turning the soil over , not digging ruts down to the subsoil and spraying topsoil all over the place . 
  well , it sucks doing things that you do n't enjoy solo . 
  personally i do n't like to drink alone , but i 'd be up for a game of pool at a random pub with strangers because it 's more fun . 
  including you , if that post is any indication . 
  everyone has their own kink , i guess . 
  that fell a tiny bit flat . 
  that 's like the * opposite * of politically informed . 
  yeah , but trump also said the exact opposite of all those things . 
  he just threw a lot of statements out there to see what sticks . 
  i do n't fault them for following him initially , but it 's definitely on them if they continue to support him after his poor performance post election . 
  sexier sheep . 
  i 'm waiting until october 1 to see what their real fees are . 
  i mean , the returns are still pretty decent regardless ; i just want more info to compare against sunsuper and other index-within-super offerings . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  i consider it part of my portfolio , and tailor my out of super investments to fill holes in my super allocations . 
  having said that i still have duplicate investments just because of ratios . 
  * a bit of australian shares , because you live in australia, 
  * a bit of developed world shares , because the developed world has big markets, 
  * a bit of emerging markets , because they might get big in the future, 
  * a bit of defensive/income-producing investments because you ca n't pay for your groceries with ` growth ' . 
  dude it 's stickied . 
  and if you 're into edm , here 's some upcoming events in the next few weeks . 
  * ferry corstein @ family, 
  * hard edm @ family, 
  or they turn into coaches . 
  ones that give you actual dollars instead of just rising in price . 
  do you plan to stay here permanently ? 
  if not , there is an argument to be made to transfer to gbp immediately and invest in uk based funds . 
  dividends , interest , bond payouts , even rent . 
  you got ta prepare for it before the crash . 
  if you do n't use the loan ( much ) , you do n't pay , so it does n't really hurt . 
  yes . 
  during a downturn they will be much more risk-averse than normally . 
  that 's pretty fed . 
  sudden crash , approvals . 
  bank anticipates crash , rates . 
  prudential regulator anticipates crash ahead , both . 
  kinda like obama and cannabis . 
  he did n't want to provide fuel for racists saying `` of * course * the black man wants to make the devils weed legal '', 
  age : old enough not to disclose personal financial information on the internet . 
  yeah when you get flamed in the media for wearing a tan suit , you got ta realize that nothing you do i 'd gon na get a fair hearing . 
  case in point : / r/trollabot, 
  dijon mustard is great , too , but he got roasted for putting it on his food , even though it 's american made mustard . 
  but trump gets a pass for eating well done steak with tomato sauce . 
  double standards . 
  it upsets you exactly as much as it should . 
  probably thought hillary would take up the slack . 
  square dance ? 
  more like lineup dance . 
  sodium nitrate breaks down slowly into nitrite . 
  the nitrite kills botulism . 
  if you do n't have any handy , you can denature the toxin and kill the bacteria by cooking at 120 c for ten minutes , but if you ca n't get to that temperature , or want to preserve it for a long time , it keeps growing and making the toxin , which is not ideal for making salami . 
  so if you need it to preserve meat if it 's by drying . 
  if you soak the meat in salt then heat it to dry , then usually you only need straight nitrites . 
  5 days/week : eat healthy but normal amounts, 
  2 days/week : skip 2 meals in a row, 
  anyway , you 're [ not supposed to use much ] ( https://www.countrybrewer.com.au/products/prague-powder-%232.html ) . 
  wow , that 's seriously behind the times . 
  like , perilously close to 15 years behind the state of the art . 
  source : was doing jsp fifteen years ago, 
  imo node just perpetuates the mistakes of jsp , except instead of shoehorning a server side language into a browser context , it forces an objectively shit browser language into the server side , just because front end developers are now familiar with working in it . 
  more like a shwa . 
  ccn and shareblue share the same partisan leanings that breitbart and infowars do . 
  i think the splintering of us news sites into mutually-ignoring demographics is a worrying trend . 
  i wish fox was as critical of gop failings as wapo and nyt were about the obama administration . 
  it 's not even a high bar to meet . 
  you got ta discount at least half what you see on / r/politics . 
  having said that , it 's clear to an unbiased reader that trump is running a net deficit on laudable actions , and while his supporter base is very loyal , he needs the support of the wider gop to get bills passed , which has been a problem of late . 
  personally , i think part of trump 's problem is that his win was so unexpected that he was not prepared to hit the ground running on day one of his presidency . 
  obama had multiple bills ready for congress from day one , and filled practically all the government vacancies with his own staff . 
  trump is still struggling to fill critical middle management positions in his administration and his effectiveness is clearly suffering for it , whatever you think about the policies themselves . 
  m e t a, 
  a single support is fine . 
  often , two supports will lose the game because nobody knows how to win early .
