  if i had more money , i 'd try my hand at capital ship construction . 
  at the moment , my liquid isk is a bit low so building a fully-fit dread for sale would almost wipe me out , but if i had a couple billion more i could test the market without impacting my cash flow . 
  if i had more money, 
  yeah i do n't mind automating the s&d interface using the same concept of a skill queue - that way nobody is disadvantaged as long as they login once a day . 
  pro tip : you can use a survey scanner on a belt , then cut and paste the result into a price check tool [ like this ] ( http://industry.darkshadowindustries.com/pricecheck ) to get an idea about how much isk is in a belt . 
  ( obviously works better with an orca since it has ridiculous bonuses to survey scan range ), 
  during a wardec , i just jumpclone to nullsec and swan around there for a week or so , 
  something like http://eve-market-guide.com but, 
  a ) up-to-date item database and prices, 
  b ) adjustable between ` best isk per hour ' or ` best isk per unit , regardless of time taken ', 
  also until recently , i would have asked for a fully-fit-ship marketplace , but fleet-up has that covered . 
  a few useful things like `` estimated cost per unit/per bpc , being able to switch hubs are nice , but really the core functionality that 's there is enough . 
  n1 n1 . 
  do n't have any graphs to show , sadly . 
  hit up the pyfa devs ? 
  tech 1 industrial ships are haulers . 
  do n't carry more than ~ 30m worth of stuff , because they 're paper thin . 
  tech 2 industrial ships are the blockade runners and deep space transports . 
  blockade runners are covert-capable ships which do exceptionally well in low - and null - sec but have small cargo holds . 
  deep space transports are fairly ordinary , but are theoretically meant for high-value cargo , but they currently do n't have the tank to support it . 
  still , they 're better than tech 1 transports . 
  freighters are very slow and are used for bulk hauling ( i.e. 
  900,000 m ^ 3 of cargo ) you only fly these when you have to . 
  or use someone else 's to carry your stuff when they go down . 
  1 . choose what to haul ( i suggest ammo and pvp modules for starters ), 
  1 . choose where to haul ( i suggest hauling into faction warfare space , although you may not care for the risk ), 
  put them on the market, 
  it helps if there 's enough on the market to fully fit a ship , i.e. 
  hull , rigs , ammo and all modules . 
  - perhaps you can construct them and sell them via public contracts at the start , just to get people used to flying there, 
  bounty hunting is like targeted suicide ganking - track someone down , blow up their ship , and also blow up their ship . 
  unless you have a private agreement , you 'll only get 20 % of the value you destroyed so it needs a bit of iteration first . 
  until then , it only makes sense in low - and null-sec , where you do n't lose your ship for aggression . 
  you can , however , camp out in a highsec system and look for people with purchaseable kill rights , then buy the kill rights and kill them , 
  this would be useful , so i can put on my bittervet hat and say ` ban ' 13s ', 
  actually , another thing that comes to mind is corp roles for industry . 
  it 's stupid that i have to give someone the factory manager role to use a pos lab , and the poor role control for industrial actions is a real dampener on recruiting newbies compared to pvp corps which happily operate with characters having zero , or minimal corp roles . 
  twice , for good measure , 
  have you done the [ career agents ] ( http://wiki.eveuniversity.org/tutorial_and_career_agents_in_eve ) ? 
  how about the sisters of eve [ mission arc ] ( http://wiki.eveuniversity.org/the_blood-stained_stars ) ? 
  ( admittedly that can be mostly done solo , but it helps to have some direction while you 're learning how to fly ), 
  why not amarr ? 
  lasers are good mid-range weapons , and while amarr ships are n't as zippy as minmatar or gallente boats , they are generally a bit tougher . 
  yes , eve uni is a good choice . 
  set goals . 
  i have [ an ama ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/evenewbies/comments/17lzqv/iama_industrialist_ama/ ) about industry going at the moment . 
  you might find it interesting . 
  yeah , one of my characters has a few research slots , so often i 'll just log them in , choose a capital bpo and get them to research it for a month or so . 
  ok , well after that , i suggest you check our / r/fweddit and jump into the deep end of faction warfare . 
  you can orbit buttons for a few minutes and earn a couple million isk , then take your ship into someone else 's complex and die in a fire , then reship and do it all again . 
  not sure . 
  i already had that patch installed from last time . 
  which time zone ? 
  ** tldr ; ** hard to tell unless we know what skills you have already trained . 
  since you specified no lasers :, 
  minmatar have the highest alpha-strike of artillery . 
  gallente have the most sustained long-range dps , although it depends on the engagement envelope . 
  gallente have the highest-damage short-range weapons , but minmatar have the most flexible short-range weapons ( high falloff , damage type switchable , no capacitor use ), 
  both gallente and minmatar short-ranged weapons get a * lot * better if you can use tech 2 ammo . 
   asian ones always seem to go american unless they specifically migrate to the uk . 
  probably hollywood vs bbc influence ? ), 
  sphere of influence , which includes the nationality of the person who taught you english . 
  in particular , almost every person i know from the philippines speaks with an american accent , due to being taught english by americans , or picking up the accent by watching us tv . 
  however , those from hong kong and singapore usually trend british due to the remnants of colonialism ( and the expensive schools they go to ) , assuming they do n't speak with their national accent . 
  in queensland , it 's more like, 
  and for extra points , going to the movies to see a fillum . 
  to be fair , gwyneth does look like a posh bint . 
  then you should start looking at tornados . 
  ha , my wife has [ chronic bitchface ] ( http://blog.krisatomic.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/krisatomic-cheeruplove.jpg ) as well . 
  try somewhere out of the way , like [ danera ] ( http://evemaps.dotlan.net/map/khanid/danera#sec ) . 
  safeties to yellow works fine in low sec , too . 
  popping pods cedes kill rights so i tend not to do that unless i know i wo n't be in empire for the next month . 
  yiu should contact sindel pellion 's angel project for some free stuff and support . 
  ccp has said previously that if someone subscribes for six months , statistically they will never permanently unsub from then on . 
  far easier to set up a winnebago orca with a cloak . 
  t2 fit battleship, 
  cybernetics skillbook, 
  1 . buy cybernetic subprocessor - basic, 
  1 . buy ocular filter - basic, 
  1 . plug them in, 
  1 . save the rest, 
  cast514 # 9 details, 
  orbital bombardments, 
  potentially give eve players killmails for the stuff they kill, 
  maybe allow people outside of fw to participate in the obs, 
  improving in-game tools for finding requests for ob support ahead of time . 
  larger varieties planned ( with more risk for the eve pilots required . 
  bigger hull required ) . 
  new ob ideas : missiles that can lock onto larger vehicles, 
  aoe weapons that change the map dynamic, 
  leading to dreadnought nuke-from-orbit strikes , but requires larger game modes to make sense . 
  new ways to earn obs aside from wps , possibly ( but needs to be unexploitable ) . 
  deploy beacons that need to charge up before the larger strikes can be made . 
  be able to move this target/bomb . 
  eve players in the skybox ( just tags , not models/shadows ) . 
  coming with the next major update . 
  intention is to let both teams know about impendending strikes . 
  internal discussions about orbital installations that can provide a benefit without an eve player needing to be there . 
  related to ` test ion cannon ' ? 
  probably more related to nullsec warfare as this is for when war is being ramped up .
