  well you 're not helping their life expectancy by giving them third degree burns like that . 
  yes . 
  buy wind lace and boots because he needs the movement speed . 
  host plus balanced indexed fund . 
  ditch the insurance bit and the whole thing will cost about 80 bucks a year . 
  cm is better as a position 4 imo . 
  i 'd like to see half tesla and half red flow so the performance and cost of ownership can be tested and compared over a number of years . 
  well they did get a pornhub sponsorship deal ... 
  toowong , too right !, 
  i 'd prefer normal vs high vs very high skill instead . 
  on the other hand , those differences are largely academic to the posters in this sub , just as rally car vs formula 1 differences just do n't matter to a learner driver ; they need to understand the basics first . 
  considered a scooter instead of a car ? 
  this explains the water theme . 
  learn how to last hit . 
  choose heroes or items that let you push . 
  depending on how bad the drivers are , * really * transient . 
  he provided just as much supporting evidence as you did , champ . 
  lifelock ? 
  the company whose ceo had his identity stolen [ thirteen times ? 
  ] ( https://www.wired.com/2010/05/lifelock-identity-theft/ ), 
  oh , a * fight * . 
  well , pack it in , boys , we 're done . 
  glad to see the gallipoli spirit still kicking on . 
  the entire concept of insurance is to pay a guaranteed amount to cope with a catastrophe . 
  house and contents insurance is $ 5000 per year . 
  sure there 's only a 0.1 % chance of your house burning down , but if it does , you 're incredibly fucked . 
  from the insurance company 's point of view , there 's probably a house burnt down each week , but it 's cool with that because the cost of rebuilding is spread out amongst everyone 's yearly premiums . 
  in your case , if car insurance is too expensive , downgrade the cover for a few years . 
  when i first started out , i got fire/theft/third party insurance , which was much cheaper than comprehensive . 
  fttp insurance covers you if the car catches fire , if the car is it 's stolen , or if you run into someone . 
  it does n't cover ** your ** car ; just everyone else . 
  this was fine for me , because my car was shit . 
  if you can handle that , take the discount and reassess when you are 25 . 
  in fact , they got pretty hardcore about it . 
  * extra 15 % stamp duty ( like , the entire house costs 15 % more ), 
  * extra $ 10k/year rates if it 's left empty, 
  might not be account buyers per se , but also ( sea ) smurfs who are on safari . 
  * every * award he got was before his head injury in 2008 . 
  well there 's always this :, 
   whether a home is empty or not is self-reported . 
  owners will be required to fill out a property declaration by the beginning of february . 
  however , fines of $ 10k per day apply if they find out you lied . 
  no doubt they 'll work something out . 
  i mean , that 's how we make vitamin c these days . 
  certainly not by squeezing oranges . 
  as a queenslander , it pains me to think that the best option may be to transplant it to nsw . 
  5.2 % + $ 75 is 8.95 % yield on the minimum investment . 
  he 's [ has venture capital ] ( http://www.startupsmart.com.au/advice/funding/sydney-startup-spaceship-closes-1-6-million-seed-round-led-by-atlassian-founder-mike-cannon-brookes-to-bring-its-game-changing-offering-to-market/ ) in it . 
  95 % of australians do n't know what to do , or are unwilling to pay extra money to builders to improve their house 's efficiency . 
  that 's where the government is supposed to step in , and raise the australian standard for energy efficiency , manipulate markets by banning ( old-style lightbulbs ) or taxing ( south australia-style recycling scheme ) things etc. 
   the trains ran on time, 
  might need a little help though . 
  i do n't think coral can just pick up and swim south a few km a year . 
  self managed i presume ? 
  otherwise you 'd have to choose a fund that lets you . 
  welcome to blogging in the 2010 's . 
  so what will his reign be called ? 
  i mean , we had the edwardian era , the victorian era , the elizabethan era etc. 
  what do we call the next one ? 
  i can imagine the peerage experts going `` here we go again . '', 
  imagine a combined teamspeak + slack, 
  please proceed , minister . 
  sure , why not . 
  old people like cruises . 
  so is this still on this arvo ? 
  does lc do that ? 
  would be nice to burn duelling circles in the ground all over the place ... 
  $ 175 in australia, 
   mandarin is the more common style spoken outside of china, 
  more like * inside * china . 
  cantonese is popular elsewhere due to the wave of immigrants from southern china in the 1800s , and because that 's what the people in hong kong speak . 
  it 's a bit like how yiddish is really only spoken in the us due to german jewish immigrants , but israel 's official language is hebrew . 
  good during ult i guess, 
  not the us . 
  i set a google calendar entry . 
  well , that 's kinda what managed funds do that etf do n't . 
  galilee basin is all thermal coal though . 
  try your hand at eve online before you start with rl money tho . 
  love, 
  depends which part of the city . 
  i mean , many of the sunnybank shopping centres have undercover parking so any of the attached restaurants would work . 
  projecting much ? 
  casual work can be nail biting in its inconsistency . 
  i 'd use the income to build up your savings buffer because of the uncertainty . 
  have you worked out how many weeks expenses your current savings allows ? 
  and how does that match with how long it takes before centre link starts paying you again should the casual job go down to zero hours ? 
  more to the point , it 's a * really * good idea that someone else knows the situation and has pics of the guy . 
  i mean , crazy things happen and it 's best to prepare . 
  * take the money out of paypal now . 
  * put it in a bank account , preferably a separate account than the one you use normally . 
  * ask a professional, 
  if i decide to buy this arcana , i will also donate $ 35 to oxfam just to piss you off . 
  well played . 
  3 months is good ( note : it 's 3 months of expenses , rather than 3 months of income ) . 
  okay , yet another account to my ignore list . 
  also , it 's just what happens when people from different places congregate and mix germs . 
  kindergarten plague is also a thing . 
  depends how ugly the pig is . 
  the nuns of gavarone . 
  sure .
