  they went native * before * it was cool . 
  work it out [ for yourself ] ( http://www.evealtruist.com/2012/04/know-your-enemy-rookie-ships.html ) . 
  spacelane patrol , although there 's a level 4 caldari navy one or two systems over . 
  [ sparta ] ( http://cache.ohinternet.com/images/3/37/this_is_sparta.png ) . 
  victim has since said they [ never wanted ] ( http://www.smh.com.au/entertainment/tv-and-radio/hinch-didnt-have-my-permission-sex-victim-at-odds-with-outspoken-broadcaster-20120403-1wacn.html ) the guy to be named . 
  he should n't get outed until he loses his appeal . 
  or letting it be known amongst the other students . 
  then they 'll know it 's just the professor being a dick . 
  personally , i 'd just bide my time until all the other board members die of old age , then suddenly , revolution !, 
  it 's their minerals . 
  they can do what they want with them . 
  you ca n't use fighters while in triage , so why fit them ? 
  a basic skill requires 256k skill points to get level v in . 
  those are rank 1x skills . 
  each rank multiplies the number of skill points required . 
  so , a rank 2x skill requires 512k skill points to max , a 3x skill takes 768k etc. 
  12x makes for a very long time to get level v in . 
  confirming that 's the same corp ticker as the op 's screenshot . 
  well , they 're also about 20 million is per pop , and if you have to go into triage early they get abandoned . 
  far better to roll with a few dozen sentry drones instead . 
   but if they want to engage in free trade, 
  hint : they do n't , really . 
  the usa does n't like to trumpet the fact they were massive copyright infringers in the 1700s and 1800s , printing bootleg books to sell to the british , but it 's what all young countries do ; steal ideas , do unfair things to kickstart local industries and generally take shortcuts to claw their way up into developed nation status . 
  china just happens to be very organised in that regard , since , like singapore , they have an autocratic system of government that cares more about the nation 's prosperity than being popular . 
  post text for the firewalled peeps ? 
  they ca n't / wo n't , because votes . 
  deer jump or spring when moving , right ? 
  one of the annoying things about roos is that if you hit one mid-hop , they 're at just the right height to slide right over the bonnet and straight through the windscreen , killing you , instead of politely being stopped by the engine . 
  for christ 's sake do n't try to bring fruit into the country . 
  you 'll be stopped by customs and forced to trash them ( or gobble them up at the airport ) . 
  it 's a little-known fact , but the first thing the aboriginals said to the white explorers was , `` got any fruit in that bag , * mate * ? '', 
  he probably has knife twisting specialization v. 
  you ca n't even extort them any more , since the protection money will be dirty and you 'll lose it . 
  tentonhammer only shows the first paragraph in its rss feed . 
  yeah , better to just fly into kunnunurra and check out the kimberley instead . 
  voting greens 1 does two things :, 
  1 . the electoral commission gives the greens some money if they get enough votes, 
  whoever wins the seat sees the number of greens primary prefs and thinks `` shit , i better not piss them off or i 'll lose 4000 preferences next election '', 
  it 's not true power , but it 's still influence . 
   we have universal publicly-funded healthcare , however you are not entitled to any of it . 
  this is in retaliation for that million-dollar birth invoice a few months back . 
  most australians just do n't have enough experience with regional accents to pick a midwest from a socal accent without heavy-handed clues ( `` y' all '' vs `` like , y' know '' ), 
  i think it 's more that we do n't have a name for the accent , rather than not being able to discern between them . 
  after all , we have no problem telling a lancashire accent from a scottish or londoner accent , but we would n't be able to tell you which one is which . 
  chances are you 'll need to reinstall , since ccp has changed the way patches work in a fairly radical manner recently . 
  ps welcome back, 
  this is true . 
  you guys in your abaddons , us in our megathrons . 
  good times . 
  crop tool is your friend . 
  you can petition it if you see ridiculous amounts of bubbles or can on a gate . 
  sometimes , a gm will come in and nuke half of them at random for you . 
  well , if you can get the latest repair tool , it will probably fix everything up . 
  it 's usually in the eve install directory but i guess you 'll have to download the latest version since your obviously is n't working . 
   if you do n't have the eve client installed , simply create a new folder called for example eve , place the repair.exe in the folder ,, 
   create an empty txt file and rename it to eve.exe , and run the repair.exe file . 
  the repair tool will then start downloading all the client files and replace the non functional eve.exe file you created . 
  do n't worry mate we do this for a living . 
  internet spaceships is serious business . 
  what 's a gallon ? 
  a type of hat ? 
  you must be new here *, 
  ( * to life , that is ), 
  that shows promise . 
  i guess we do better in movies . 
  in fact ,, 
   if you do n't have the eve client installed , simply create a new folder called for example eve , place the repair.exe in the folder ,, 
   create an empty txt file and rename it to eve.exe , and run the repair.exe file . 
   the repair tool will then start downloading all the client files and replace the non functional eve.exe file you created . 
  ... unlike the angular velocity column ( which is hidden by default ) on their overview ( which they do n't know how to set up ) , compared to the tracking ( which they do n't know about ) on their guns ( which they have n't memorized the values of ) . 
  ` mad bastards ' would be ok . 
  i do n't know where 8-12 billion comes from , unless you 're thinking of ratting in a nyx ( protip : do n't ), 
  a thanatos [ retails at ] ( http://eve-central.com/home/quicklook.html?typeid=23911&amp;regionlimit=10000002 ) 1.1 billion these days . 
  add a few hundred million for some capital modules , faction hardeners and a fighter complement , and you 're still under 1.5 billion . 
  and a willingness to star in spy kids . 
  as others have said , post your lossmail . 
  it 's under character sheet -  combat log, 
  you can rightclick on a particular loss and copy the kill details to the clipboard so you can post to eve-kill or , as a last resort , post here, 
  as code . 
  presumably he made them so much money that they let him do what he wanted with john carter . 
  noctises are very high in nocxium and zydrine , which you 'll note have both spiked . 
  build cost is way over 70m at the moment . 
  accuracy : 100 %, 
  work-safety : 57 %, 
  you 're in intrepid crossing , right ? 
  so , even fa , sma and fcon will be a step up for you . 
  personally , i 'd join brick squad . 
  they fucking * love * bombers . 
  not the one we need , but the one we deserve . 
  more like natural selection , but that phrase triggers nutjobs from the * other * end of the political spectrum . 
  maybe lawn then . 
  you must be 21 and not a retard to be accepted into the alliance . 
  ( some of their corps require you to be 30 + ), 
  use your newbieness to your advantage . 
  you 'll get a bunch of skill books and ships through the newbie missions . 
  put up some low-ball buy orders and sell them somewhere else . 
  you 'll also have to use various minerals to build stuff as part of the tutorial missions . 
  find out what they are , buy some cheap elsewhere then put up some sell orders to sell them at a profit . 
  it wo n't make you instantly rich , but it will get you accustomed to the mercantile mindset . 
  there 's a [ few ] ( http://greedygoblin.blogspot.com ) [ blogs ] ( http://fulldisclosureeve.wordpress.com/ ) out there that deal with this , starting from the very first days in new eden .
