  assuming a $ 10k investment , and pulling the numbers out of my butt :, 
  current fund : 1 % cost and 4 % return -  3 % net -  $ 300/year, 
  new fund : 0.9 % cost and 6 % return -  5.1 % net -  $ 510/year, 
  so if it costs you less than $ 210 to move the funds over , it will pay for itself in a year . 
  either way , leaving it in a * bad * fund long-term is not okay . 
  eeeeeh , after doing the sums , vts+veu is more hassle for * really * marginal gains over vgs . 
  on top of everything else , you can put up to $ 180k per year of after-tax money into super . 
  after-tax money does n't attract the 15 % input or exit taxes either . 
  sometimes wind lace is all you can afford : /, 
  60gpm talent :(, 
  tbh i like my emerging markets to be a conscious part of my portfolio , so i 'm happy picking that up separately . 
  no , any sum in vgs vs the same sum split between vts and veu, 
  yes , provided you have actual equity in the house . 
  it 's a lot easier to get the loan if you 've paid off the house already . 
   they just sent me a form to scan my identification documents and get notarised by a jp . 
  so , fuck that . 
  please explain, 
  well , interest on investment loans are tax-deductible , if that 's what you 're getting at . 
  it 's a good idea to keep the two loans separate though . 
  you do n't want the ato rejecting the tax deduction at the same time that the bank gets you for misrepresenting the terms of the loan . 
  on the plus side , you 're clearly not in enough government databases for the bank to know who you are , so you got that going for you . 
  well , there 's also a gold version , which confuses the issue even more . 
  if the recipe gave some + health , it might be worth it . 
  stats are nice , but supports care more about raw hit points than the equivalent amount of str , so it 's an easy way to have drums be useful while not making it a must-have purchase for strength heroes . 
  the trick is to buy another wind lace after you build drums !, 
  then you 've spent 2030 gold to get +40 movement speed , instead of spending 2000 for bots and getting +55 instead . 
  from an economist 's perspective , definitely . 
  you can do lots of accounting tricks with money , but it 's hard to stash a villa overseas . 
  one of the things i like about index funds is that , whether it 's a good year or a bad year , you 'll get whatever the benchmark is . 
  it wo n't pay off in a wildly spectacular fashion , but it prevents a lot of self-inflicted screwups . 
  you get extra starting gold if you random . 
   yeah , aussie definitely has some very unique culture, 
  the country is oz . 
  the * people * are aussies . 
  technically , a billabong is a crescent-shaped pond remaining after a river or creek changes course , usually by taking a shortcut through a hairpin bend . 
  til billabongs have a name outside australia , 
  you need to choose a ratio between vts and veu and rebalance , there 's forms to fill out because they 're foreign domiciled . 
  you gain a better mer , but unless you put in a * lot * of funds in , that 's eaten up by rebalancing costs and the lower yield of veu compared to the euro part of vgs . 
  so , a black-humour version of bloodhound gang . 
  ok , history lesson time . 
  back in the day , when kids were working in factories and ohs did n't exist and when a normal working week was 16 hours a day x 6 days etc , there was the labour movement . 
  during a series of strikes over a number of years , which involved a lot of workers being killed ( and murdered ) , some by the police , a series of worker 's rights were agreed to . 
  some of the things that actually needed to be agreed upon were :, 
  * you have to actually be paid in money ( yes , in some places they would n't pay workers with money , just with credit for the company shop ), 
  * your pay should be based on 8 hours per day , 5 days a week and any time over that should be paid at a higher rate, 
  * you got some holiday time off each year, 
  the last point went back and forth , but the labour unions ' view was `` we 're getting paid so little that we ca n't actually afford to take a holiday . 
  we ca n't even afford the train ticket back to where our family is . 
  what use is holiday time if we can not afford to use it ? '', 
  so , that 's why holiday leave loading was negotiated . 
  during the year , workers would get paid the usual rate , and they 'd get a bonus rate when they took leave so they could afford to do leave-type things . 
  so in effect , it 's like a 1.45 % raise that 's applied to 1 month of leave at 17.5 % instead of the whole year . 
  so you can understand why people get annoyed when an eba trades this away for an annual raise - it 's the definition of trading a permanent benefit for a temporary one . 
  * what will they have to trade away the next time ? 
  well , do you really, 
   need, 
  the wage you 're on ? 
  surely you could live on less . 
  0 % tax going in , 0 % tax coming out , 0 % tax on gains inside super too . 
  legend of korra is on abc for kids tv at the moment . 
  til, 
  and the book was several decades further ahead, 
  well , they are . 
  is the price, 
  * the normal price, 
  * the 4c discount for having a card, 
  * the 8c discount for card plus $ 5 purchase, 
  * the 2c discount because it 's an independent servo, 
  * the 20c discount because of voucher ? 
  in vic and sa , the prices they advertise is the price anyone can rock up and get . 
  or memrise , depending on the language, 
  i 'm okay with this . 
  if i pay more tax , medicare is where i 'd want it to be spent anyway . 
  why bristle ? 
  he 's always facing you when you duel . 
  do n't forget all the batteries they 'll need . 
  and the fans to stop the whole thing overheating . 
  it 's not * just * that : abbott was worried about turnbull 's popularity , so he gave him an unpopular job to do . 
  i just wish i could have smart-cast on my area-effect spells but quickcast on everything else . 
  and there needs to be a lot more green boxes per suburb . 
   also the upkeep costs of a fttn network mean that maintenance costs are substantially higher ,, 
  i think the difference is $ 600m-900m per year . 
  that 's * a lot * . 
  crucibles just split metal from dross . 
  does n't make the dross disappear . 
  that 's usually just for executions - the situation where the chinese government believes in insult * and * injury . 
  reserve some tables at pig & whistle king george square . 
  since it 's semi-outdoors , the sound does n't echo and amplify . 
  how ? 
  smart cast is not per hero . 
  again i ask : are you * sure * you can change `` quick cast on key up '' setting on a per hero , per key basis ? 
  because that 's what smart cast is . 
  the easiest way is transfer pricing . 
  flat pack table costs $ 50 to make overseas and ship here for the australian branch to sell . 
  table sells for $ 250 in australia . 
  this would mean $ 200 profit . 
  so , table is marked up to $ 249 overseas . 
  now the australian company makes hardly any profit , and the foreign company makes way more in a lower taxed country . 
  tax avoided . 
  that 's cutting it a bit close .
