  in fact , i 'm not even sure why you think that 's somehow government overreach . 
  furthermore , i reject your hyperbole that the mining tax in venezuela is anything more than the symptom of a nation devolving into autocracy . 
  just because dictators waterboard people does not mean that taking a shower is suddenly torture . 
  where are we gon na get nine thousand bucks tho, 
  percentage increase , it 's a lot . 
  percent of cost , it 's a lot ( i estimate that it costs ~ $ 21/tonne to extract and ship ), 
  percent of sell price , might be okay . 
  ca n't be worse than the tax on ciggies tho . 
  astro glide through that creep wave . 
  it 's 18 weeks , so a bit over 4 months . 
  note that this payment does n't come out of your employer 's pockets so they really ca n't complain . 
  similarly , because the government must be seen to value each child equally , it 's not scaled to your income . 
  if it were , then there 's a good argument to make that you 're spending more money on rich mums who * least * need the support . 
  it 's not as good as the programs in other countries , but it works pretty well . 
  it works both ways . 
  you have an extra 600 million people to help . 
  mjolnir is more for ranged heroes . 
  you split push , and eventually get manta to send illusions down the lane when it 's time to teleport away . 
  did you just assume his identity ? 
  male with friends here . 
  you do * not * talk about how little sex you 're getting to your friends . 
  especially female friends . 
  unless you 're being a creepy fuck . 
  casual sobi mask also helps with mana sustainability pre 16 ), 
  it should be 100 % representative . 
  i can amend orders without extra charges - you only get charged fees if someone starts filling your order . 
  also , set up your linked sharesight account before you start buying stuff for real . 
  cmc sends the trades to sharesight as they happens , so it 's nice to have it tracked automatically , rather than having to fill in your existing positions if you set it up after you start trading . 
  and hey , spreading around some reliable gold from kills and assists is always a nice perk . 
  personally , i 'd err on the side of caution . 
  $ 5k pre-tax is n't a huge amount , and a guaranteed 15 % return might make up for lower results elsewhere . 
  even if they spent the money on statues , it 's still a market-based method of efficiently curbing emissions . 
  if there 's a market of carbon credits floating around for $ 10 each , and you need a million of them per year to run your factory , then you can either pony up the money and some farmer gets money for producing those credits , or you find a way to reduce your carbon footprint , or both . 
  after a few years , the government reduces the amount of ` free ' carbon credits available on the market , which encourages, 
  * carbon credit prices rise, 
  * people are incentivised to make credits, 
  * people are incentivised to use less credits, 
  ... through whatever methods make the most economic sense . 
  that 's not the way to bet . 
  well , there 's no real penalty now , but with a ets , you at least ** have ** a screw to tighten . 
  this explains tub girl . 
  damage gets reduced by 20 % due to split shot , but attack speed does n't . 
  do n't go overboard with early-game items , but sure . 
  well , if you have a margin loan you 're set . 
  that 's nothing like it . 
  you 'll need to explain your reasoning a bit more . 
  an emissions trading scheme is the * most * market based approach to fixing a legal externality . 
  it 's the most free market solution there is . 
  flat tax , sure , that 's protectionism . 
  and ets however is an entirely new commodity market to play in . 
  you could have brazilians being paid * not * to slash and burn rainforest . 
  people paid to plant trees by others halfway around the globe . 
  of course you need some checks otherwise people will plant trees , get carbon credits then chop them down again and other forms of scamming , but it 's certainly no top down state capitalism thing . 
  that 's cool . 
  i guess the rationale is that the government steps in to ensure a basic allowance , and pays it itself to stop employers from ditching women when they get pregnant ( or discriminating against them when hiring ), 
  this leaves employers with the option of sweetening the deal if they want , but caps the spend from public coffers . 
  nope . 
  carbon emissions are an externality and cause market failure . 
  also burke . 
  i guess we 'll have to agree to disagree . 
  do it yourself , or you 'll die . 
  just like buying your own lane wards . 
  how much farm do you get while you 're waiting to respawn ? 
  $ 7000 / 2 months = $ 875/week . 
  probably worth sticking it out . 
  so , like , annual bonuses or whatever can be handled differently ? 
  yeah sometimes you just have to tell the support `` harass the enemy until he runs out of sustain '', 
  did you just assume his gender ? 
  who * would n't * want slacks following you around , supporting you , with the occasional tango thrown in ? 
  depends if it 's skink wrapped or not . 
  i 'd be more optimistic if expedia had killed the suburban travel agent over the last 20 years it 's been around . 
  quite liquid . 
  remember , if you put up a buy order , it 's not just other shareholders who can sell to you ; the etf itself can fill your order directly . 
  if you ca n't get into the usa , what makes you think they 'd get into australia , home of `` fuck off we 're full '' ? 
  i would be disappointed in our armed forces if they did n't have a secret nuke or six lying around , ready for assembly at half an hours notice . 
  that 's * sir * refraction stacks to you . 
  i recommend chinatown dental surgery , they 're really good . 
  so i guess you have your pick of good ones in the area . 
  he 's saying that, 
  * at the moment , bonds are worse than cash in a term deposit or whatever and less safe , so why bother ? 
  * bonds in an etf are not as good as shares in an etf , so that 's another thing to consider, 
   what a champ our king is, 
  he has n't won yet . 
  their match is ... 
  * love-all . 
  presumably the boosters on their way up counteract the account buyers on their way down . 
  one equation and im break, 
  sure , we are more left than the us right now . 
  however , our right-wing parties still want to move in the same direction , and our left-wing parties want to move further left . 
  and yes , we currently have a right-wing party in power . 
  do n't forget agriculture and livestock ( 24 % of greenhouse gases , based on co2-equivalency ) - only slightly less than electricity/heat generation, 
  [ source : epa ] ( https://www.epa.gov/ghgemissions/global-greenhouse-gas-emissions-data ), 
  can you not attempt to dox people * please * . 
  settle down , mister president . 
  oh shit when did this change, 
  points for ingenuity , but loss of points for appearing desperate . 
  yes, 
  did n't he still lose that game ? 
  i wish we were allowed to have wombats for pets . 
  or optionsxpress ?
