  it 's me , your friend, 
  what would a boogie board want with your poop chute, 
  also , they eat boiled peanuts rather than roasted . 
  small , and not color saturated . 
  well , aldi does that same , right ? 
  well done . 
  instructions unclear ; just cut down 50 trees . 
  well , a bunch of people die , or steal things . 
  so , i 'm happy to pay extra tax for welfare to lessen those outcomes . 
  i admire your optimism . 
  `` a capitalist is a man who will sell you the rope to hang him with '', 
  it does sick damage if you drop the rock after you fatal bonds . 
  i disagree . 
  when the fhb grant was introduced , selling prices immediately rose the same amount . 
  similarly , removing the fhb grant would drop prices accordingly . 
  ehh , the residential property market is a bit opaque . 
  there 's [ this ] ( http://www.news.com.au/finance/real-estate/house-prices-up-as-greedy-cash-in/news-story/9fbe420b621ba5d8080994143b0cc94e ) article , but so far all i have found is a [ bcom thesis ] ( http://mannkal.org/downloads/scholars/homeownersgrant.pdf ) about it . 
   this study found that the fhog stimulated activity in the first home buyer market following its, 
  inception , particularly in the new suburbs of perth such as ellenbrook and canning vale . 
  however the price of affordable housing in most first home buyer suburbs rose as a result of this, 
  strong demand . 
  first home buyer participation then declined as rising prices negated the grant 's, 
  effectiveness . 
  you might need to recalibrate your assumptions . 
  the liberal party has n't been particularly good at macroeconomics since costello . 
  since then they 've had a series of * much * less talented treasurers . 
  tldr ;, 
   regulators and politicians want to cool sizzling property prices in sydney and melbourne , but doing this threatens to stomp on weaker housing markets and economies elsewhere . 
   like interest rates , harsher tax rules would probably slow the booming markets , but will cause much more pain in the quieter markets . 
   investors should n't worry too much about being blindsided on budget night , though . 
  most big changes tend to be grandfathered so they only affect future investments , not past decisions . 
  comedy cat, 
  i guess op just got, 
  sure , you can get a lawyer to write up a loan agreement for that no problem , or you can download one off the internet and get it notarised and signed without them , i guess . 
  if you search long enough on / r/rule34 , sure . 
  i 'm in love with the shape of you, 
  if you did n't specify * 3d * games , i 'd suggest you get a nuc . 
  did n't they do new years or something ? 
  welp after watching this , looks like this afternoon is going to be a deep dive through youtube recommendations ... 
  if labor knew what they were doing , they 'd string adani along for years until they eventually went into liquidation , but i do n't expect that kind of long-term thinking from politicians . 
  no , that was the juice . 
  well , the port area is land constrained because it 's flood plain all around it , that 's why they built south hedland so far away . 
  still does n't justify the cost , but when the alternative is single men 's quarters i can see how buying it anyway would be attractive . 
  dragon 's claw is especially good in gr tron , since you can get extra value from your own red spells . 
  gb also has access to inquisition or duress , if you need to sideboard more answers and still retain a flexible sideboard . 
  for the same reason we do n't let people do their own electrical work . 
  without a base level of competency , fuckups will happen , and society will have to pay . 
  username definitely checks out, 
  well , that 's one opinion . 
  it 's not worth the time and effort below that amount , but i 'm not aware of any legislative reason why not . 
  pants . 
  which is especially galling , given that obama brokered a ban on syria 's chemical weapons stockpiles . 
  perhaps assad is feeling safer against us reprisals than before . 
  this guy knows his ejb interfaces, 
  edit : why the down votes ? 
  if you want help , why is it off topic to ask for the repo url ? 
  looks like a prison deck thing , not something you 'd sprinkle into a big mana deck . 
  remember , there 's also ub tron , since [ [ fatal push ] ] and [ [ collective brutality ] ] are great value . 
  i think you have to sign a form saying you 're eligible when you run , so it 's not likely that it 's something you can fix ex postfacto . 
   they are just going to replace all of you with driverless cars, 
  lies !, 
  some people will be replaced by drones instead . 
   because google owns them . 
  google only owns 6 % of uber , mostly because they got in early before it went public . 
  i love their famous rock band , autism, 
  have you considered a reit or the vap etf instead ? 
  keeps you in the property market but does n't tie you to a specific house until you come back and cash out . 
  clearly not subway chicken, 
   fought with isis, 
  i read that he fought * against * isis . 
  that 's a pretty important distinction . 
  i 'm not even sure where to start with that comment , but i 'll have a crack . 
  my point was that if you 're going to go, 
   overseas to shoot and murder people, 
  then it 's pretty important that you 're on the * correct side * . 
  or do you, 
  lump the sas into the same basket as old mate ? 
   if you fly overseas to touch kids , it 's a crime . 
  if you fly overseas to deal cocaine , it 's a crime . 
  if you fly overseas to mug people , it 's a crime . 
  if you fly overseas to walk around without a hijab , it 's a crime . 
  if you fly overseas to steal cars and you 're not vin diesel , it 's a crime . 
  point is , under australian law it * is * a criminal offence to fight with any side in a foreign conflict . 
  however , there are degrees of magnitude to an offense , and that 's what we 're talking about here . 
  you see it from a black and white perspective ; i see it as a continuum from sociopath to soldier of fortune to freedom fighter . 
  i guess we 'll have to agree to disagree . 
  save it until you have a capital gain , then take the gain and the loss so you come out roughly equal . 
  not syrious enough . 
  also the thorns . 
  that 's ... not what i expected . 
  well , its the closest capital city . 
  oh god i played with someone like that . 
  treated scythe as an initiation tool and expected that to be enough for the rest of us to follow up . 
  well , he could be magnanimous in turn , since his side won . 
  welcome to the internet . 
  consider investing some ( 20-40 % ? ), 
  of it in international shares . 
  australians traditionally have very little exposure to non-domestic markets , which is fine when things are chugging along well , but perform correspondingly poorly when things are more bleak . 
  guns & roshes, 
  alpha tykes do that , as do whiz kids .
