  or put them in harms way ? 
  personally , i think the man should have * kept his fucking gob shut * in the first place . 
  * if everything goes well , then he gets to push a medical cannabis agenda . 
  ok , great . 
  * if everything does n't go well ( and it certainly did because it 's illegal ) , then he gets arrested , the mother gets arrested and the kid taken away from her , and a toddler is stuck having life-threatening seizures . 
  the risks clearly , * clearly * outweigh the potential benefits . 
  if he wants to be a martyr for the cause , he can do it on his own head instead of risking a toddler 's health . 
  if everything goes well , then he gets to continue administering the tincture , the kid is fine , and he goes on the media and pushes for legalising medical cannabis . 
  if everything does n't go well , look what happens : everyone 's in jail , kid has seizures again . 
  so , why not keep your head down , do n't tell anyone and just let the kid grow up without seizures instead of risking it all turning to shit . 
  so you 're saying you actually agree with me . 
  they 're all very similar , to the point where cross-training a freighter is probably not worth it . 
  * minmatar freighter is faster and more agile , but with smaller cargo and less durable . 
  * caldari freighter is slow with a large cargo hold . 
  * gallente freighter is unremarkable in most respects , but has higher hull amount so can be fit for higher tank, 
  * amarr freighter is strictly middle-of-the-road . 
  it 's not so cut and dried . 
  if you 're carrying billions in cargo , you 're fucked either way . 
  lem me run some numbers . 
  max bulkhead fit :, 
  slave/deadspace anp fit pushes a providence up to 443k ehp . 
  tanked orca fits are about 365k but carry a lot less cargo . 
   clearly outweigh the benefits you say , well in this case that 's the life of a child . . 
  i have to totally disagree with you there . 
  so you advocate telling the authorities and getting arrested and leave the kid in foster care ? 
  that 's a bit fucked up . 
  if he was taking it for his * own * health , he can do what he wants . 
  more power to him . 
  but he did n't ** just ** risk himself ; he risked the health and wellbeing of that child , who was in the precarious position of needing treatment that you can get arrested for . 
  that kid did not sign up to be a martyr . 
  90 % payout ? 
  say someone puts 100m bounty on me . 
  so i buy a battleship for 100m ( -100 m ), 
  then i insure it for 30m ( -130 m ), 
  then i get my alt to kill me . 
  i lose a battleship but get 100m insurance payout ( -30 m ), 
  and my alt gets 90 % of the loss , leaving me with a net profit of +60 m. 
  this is why the payout percentage is set so low ; it has to pay out less than the cost of platinum insurance . 
   so your conclusion is that he is a dickhead for speaking up about the help he is providing ? 
  my conclusion is that he 's a dickhead for dragging an innocent kid into the predictable fuckup it turned into . 
  if you make copies ( i.e. 
  the station itself has research facilities ) then the copies will dump in a corp hangar ( you must have at least read access to one hangar ) . 
  if you use them directly for manufacturing , then all materials must be in a corp hangar , and the resulting job will output to a hangar you choose . 
  i think you need take access to use materials in this way ( after all , someone else may have put those materials there , not you ), 
  so , if you do n't have take access to any hangar , you 'll have to make copies and dump them in a corp hangar and ask someone to give them to you . 
  if you do have take access , then you can put stuff in a hangar , immediately submit a manufacturing job , and when it comes out , you press deliver and scoop the result into your personal hangar . 
  or , you could just run off some copies and build them in your own hangar . 
  there 's a max of seven hangar divisions . 
  it 's possible to give members different hangars each , but this does n't scale . 
  generally , one hangar is almost open access , one is for blueprints , one for directors and the other four are shared between the rest of the industrial corp. 
  when you make a copy job , you can specify which corp hangar division it will output to . 
  then , you deliver the job and take the copies and do what you want with them . 
  it gets more difficult with assembly arrays in towers , things tend to go missing a lot because of shared hangar access , which is a pain . 
  our corp philosophy is ` do n't put originals in towers unless you 're okay with me stealing them ' . 
  this still holds true post crius . 
  adaptive nano plating, 
  no , not at present . 
  maybe one day . 
  it 's quite a sucking chest wound . 
  ccp needs a design a mission competition , like the design a spaceship one . 
  eve gate is probably doable . 
  ah yes , the legendary failheap private eve server . 
  basically unreal engine dev . 
  why wait ? 
  there 's existing eve related apps that could do with help right now . 
  he does n't have the warmth or depth . 
  contracts are fine , provided you 're paid ~ 40 % more than a permanent salary for the risk it entails . 
  you 'd save that time just from not waiting in line at the brothel . 
  brisbane even has a quiddich club if you 're into that sort of thing . 
  also how often did you set the app to check the api ? 
  mine is set at six hours . 
  literally people smugglers . 
  tried esc -  general settings -  show tutorials ( uncheck ) ? 
  logout and back in ? 
  this definitely needs to be cross posted to / r/evenewbies . 
  tacticals are bookmarks used not for safety , but for positioning . 
  for instance , you might like to have tactical bookmark 1000km from a gate so you can warp in and use directional scan before warping the rest of the way . 
  you might also want a few around the gate but on the same spatial grid , so you can warp in , let off some volleys at long range , then when the enemy get too close , you warp 200km away to another tactical and shoot them again . 
  tacticals that are on-grid of a gate or station are also called perches , since a cloaked scout can get perfect intelligence on what 's happening on grid ( including who 's in which ship , and where they are heading ) , kinda like a bird perched on a tree . 
  make it happen, 
  let 's not start this shit, 
  so , saying ` fuck you ' to * them * was fine ? 
  i could have worked with that . 
  i guess it 's not really swearing if they only insult white people ? 
  i hear they 're big down under . 
  probably not any more . 
  copying is so much faster now , and anywhere your trading character is , is probably expensive to submit research jobs . 
  i 'm dying of not surprise . 
  if that happens , i will be so surprised that i too will allow him to force feed you shit . 
  there is nothing like the adrenalin rush of pvp when you know someone 's going home in a pod . 
  cool , so you do agree with me . 
  apology accepted . 
  dae `` this was my first up voted image '' ? 
  lack of factory stations . 
  amarr : 1 factory station + 32 moons, 
  itamo : 11 factory stations + 32 moons + industrial index discount, 
  and probably a billion isk in research fees . 
  verisimilitude fatigue . 
  new zealanders are milk experts . 
  also , it might be nice to go through a hole and arrive somewhere other than optimal range for hostile blap dreads .
