  maybe . 
  put more money in every 3 or 6 months to keep the same levels ( 58 % vas , 42 % vgs ) . 
  if vas drops in price because of a recession , you 'll get great value when you top it up , and most of your next investment will go domestic . 
  if vas stays high , then you 'll still limit your exposure to 58 % , and be happy that your investment has gone well . 
  if vas rises ( unlikely , but hey you 're not a fortune teller ) then you buy less vas and more vgs to keep the ratios in sync . 
  well done , you . 
  can you repeat the question ? 
  little known fact : `` bless your dear heart '' is a southern us saying that means `` i 'm too polite to say ` fuck you ' but i * really * want to '', 
  how handsomely ? 
  i mean , you can hit up the guys at readify because they 're top-notch . net consultants , but you 'd be paying market rates ( i.e. 
  multiple ipads per day ), 
  i 'm sure you can rock a 68hc11 though, 
  zero zero was handled by musterbrand , who lost ( or dropped ) the license . 
  they had a clearance sale , which apparently you missed . 
  i 'm not sure whether they are allowed to sell that merch any more , or whether there 's a bunch of boxes of stuff shipped back to iceland . 
  talk to ccp i guess . 
  a mazda 3 ( 1.3 t ) at 110km/h needs 606.8 kj of braking energy to stop . 
  a mazda 3 ( 1.3 t ) at 120km/h needs 722.2 kj to stop . 
  so , 9.1 % faster , 19 % more impact energy . 
  you 'd be cactus in a head-on either way , but might make a difference vs a tree . 
  my dad still thinks that the libs , labs and greens are the same parties now as they were 20 years ago . 
  he 's not alone in that , either . 
  grab some olympians ? 
  maybe 500 per month so in a years time you 'll have 5k to invest ? 
  at least e :d has mining . 
  plus , you can wreck people with your mining lasers if they try to gank you, 
  you ca n't invest $ 500 chunks in the stock market . 
  the $ 20 broker 's fee represents 4 % , which is a massive bite out of your investment . 
  if you get 7 % on the stock market but 3 % in a hisa , you 're better off putting it in the savings account until you have a larger sum . 
  say you wait 6 months . 
  now you have $ 3000 , so that $ 20 is 0.66 % which is much more manageable . 
  so , two lots of $ 3000 in a year 's time is a pretty good start . 
  many people recommend your first few trades be for etfs because it spreads the risk of your stock accidentally turning into woolworths . 
  ok , let 's experiment . 
  hypothetically , you see a bunch of news about the aud depreciating against the usd . 
  you have an investment strategy that includes some exposure to the american market but currently you have none . 
  so you are tempted to move that forward . 
  what steps would you take to decide what to do , and what would be your final decision ? 
  start here . 
  if plants vs zombies can do it , eve can !, 
  i like the dota model , yeah . 
  the official refugee intake of 50 is woefully low . 
  australia , which is very difficult to get into by international standards , still accepts 90 times the refugees per capita compared to iceland . 
  ( countries like sweden and norway accept about ten times what australia does ), 
  it 's fair to say that this sub has gone downhill since aradon was deposed . 
  i miss the crucible patch notes . 
  pages upon pages of awesome . 
  on the other hand , i do n't miss waiting years for the most basic of enhancements . 
  but , snappy comebacks are how i play eve, 
  confirming that surface is the best microsoft product since their optical mouse . 
  i see no problem with this , although it 's probably worth drawing up a quick contract saying they 're lending you the money . 
  does n't * have * to specify interest , it 's just for everyone 's piece of mind if you get hit by a bus and they want their money from your estate , or vice versa from your inheritance . 
  it 's like $ 200 to get a lawyer to draw up a contract , it 's worth it . 
  are n't they making a sequel to that ? 
  remember homeward came out * last fucking century * . 
  we can moderate for stupid though . 
   even i 've decided to dial back the time i spend here because i do n't like the vibe at the moment and i 'm someone who comes here every single day and has probably read 99 % of the posts on here for the last 3 years . 
  why not get into a wholesale fund , with that sum ? 
  also , if it 's a diversified fund then some parts will always be high and other parts will be low , so timing it will be pointless . 
  the * current * mods , sure . 
  previous mods were considerably more strict . 
  screen shot please, 
  a debacle . 
  nova has higher cast range . 
  apparently the fitting tool is the main reason why evedroid is n't updated often , since it 's a massive pain to do . 
  on the other hand , bvoid has n't actually told anyone else how to do it so nobody else can do it for him . 
  some super insurance policies ( even the free cover ) will be void if it 's been x years since you paid into it . 
  check the fine print . 
  assuming minimum contributions and 6 % returns , you 're looking at about ~ 440k at 65 . 
  so , about 11 years @ 42k drawdown , leaving you with not much left by the time you 're 76 . 
  add $ 100/week pre-tax , and you 're looking at about $ 580k . 
  add $ 200/week instead and you 're looking at $ 730k which should last until you 're 85 . 
  there 's superannuation calculators online that you can play around with . 
  app . 
  the fitting library is n't even in the same programming language . 
  what about directors ? 
  for instance , directors do n't pay workcover ... 
  can confirm , went es to counter a last-pick pl , did n't know how to play es , ran out of mana all the time , went 1/10/9 , did not have fun . 
  \\ #deathtoredlinks, 
  entries closed last friday . 
  skymesh is well-regarded . 
  i do ask the team to pick a carry and a mid in each game , because i do n't feel confident enough to take pos 1 or 2 at my level of experience . 
  for instance , the last time i went pos 1 , i went 5/4/18 with 408gpm - kinda not really enough * actual carrying * . 
  enemy pl went 13/7/13 , enemy fv went 8/8/12 , so , no , i did worse than them . 
  mostly it was my allied storm going 15/10/16 and riki going 15/5/11 that won it for us . 
  i have some success running shadow shaman . 
  the lack of stuns at this mmr means that hex and shackles turns many close fights into guaranteed skills . 
  plus , his ult allows for casual pushes or defense against solo pick offs . 
  dust will be a problem , but surely sentries can be counter warded ? 
  you 'll need to get into the habit of checking the inventories of supports who stray near you . 
  a warning sign is if you see 1 sentry in their inventory , because it implies they dropped one when you were n't looking . 
  it costs over ten thousand a year in fuel just to carry in flight magazines ... 
  if he gifts you the character , you still have to advertise that fact on the character bazaar . 
  i also heard he 's big down under . 
  maybe not * good * ( some people are unrealistically paranoid about recruiting newbies instead of hardening their corp once people are recruited , so you 'll never get into a corp like that ) , but * better * . 
  anyway , if you join a mining corp like bovril , a history in goonswarm wo n't be a detriment because they 're now a pve pet of goons . 
  they 've fallen a long way from their time in catch , but hey , at least they still mine . 
  also : https://serpentinelogic.wordpress.com/2014/06/04/mining-barges-in-kronos/, 
  it 's a retardedly long way from empire . 
  jf service is unreliable due to burnout , but the pilots in our alliance are extremely keen to find wormholes to high sec for those impromptu resupply runs .
