  but they can sell the plex . 
  a few , but it 's rare . 
  for most newbies , there 's little difference between three quarters of a plex and the full plex ; either way it 's more money than they 'd earn in two months playing . 
  sometimes you just have to do the right thing , though . 
  just the particular server node , so it 's definitely one entire solar system , plus any others that may also be on that node . 
  how many systems are on that node is a bit random ; if ccp was notified of the fight , then they will have had time to set up only the surrounding systems on that node ; if it 's just an impromptu battle then you 'll have a bunch of systems from all over the cluster on it . 
  this disconnects the players from eve , though ( they can re-log into the new node ) so they tend to avoid that if possible . 
  see if there 's a corp that appeals . 
  seems like there 's more than one , though . 
  did n't they run out of stock ? 
  better check vov, 
  \\  goes into low sec, 
  \\  admits he knows that it 's okay to shoot other players in low sec, 
  \\  does n't think anyone * actually would *, 
  some men you just ca n't reach . 
  it 's a good deal , worth buying 2 plex , probably not worth buying 20 . 
  what are we , psychics ? 
  yes , but you also wo n't get much money that way . 
  ah , the dead sea effect . 
  only when they are the result of orbital bombardment , otherwise they do n't generate kill mails . 
  i kill people just to make them take the warp of shame back home in their pod . 
  also , [ cva ] ( http://evemaps.dotlan.net/alliance/curatores_veritatis_alliance ) are an amarr roleplaying alliance dedicated to the * subjugation * of the matari people , if that takes your fancy . 
  i get the slight impression you are being sarcastic . 
  that 's ... 
  pretty reasonable to be honest . 
  link sent . 
  i 'm surprised there is n't a boundary flag item in game yet . 
  1 . put them up on public contract ? 
  yes , eft and pyfa still do fits , and evemon still does character planning . 
  a lot of apps have moved to mobile , though . 
  note that skill queues in-game are a lot longer than they used to be , so feel free to queue up a year 's worth of training if you feel like it . 
  : effort :, 
  it might be better after all the is boxer fleets disappear . 
  my kids were fine until they entered the playgroup pandemic factory . 
  makes you blush . 
  i 'm trembling in anticip, 
  pretty certain there * are * security holes if they have n't been keeping it up to date . 
  ation . 
  i would say the opposite is true . 
  extenders are great when you need more buffer before exploding but it does n't matter what condition you 're in afterwards ... just like a pvp situation . 
  boosters are for when you have the luxury of capacitor management without neut pressure , and where long term durability is more important than surviving 35 seconds instead of 28 seconds when under fire . 
  do you have enough hard drive space ? 
  message me , i 'm on my phone . 
  just run up and administer [ allianceauth ] ( https://github.com/r4stl1n/allianceauth ) servers for people . 
  * follow after other players , salvaging the wrecks they make and/or looting stuff for them, 
  * being dedicated small-stuff-killer for them, 
  * mining , preferably in a ship that can escape before any serious npc spawns chew you up, 
  * planetary management ( even low skills work fine in null sec since the planets are resource-rich ), 
  * killing stuff in belts ( or at least , killing what you can , then leaving the rest ) . 
  even if you have to warp out , there 's a lot of money to be made killing a triple-battleship npc spawn, 
  oldest ones pop until you 're down to max bandwidth . 
  eve central is planning to decommission it 's cache scraper , according to theatrus . 
  i wonder if shipito does cars . 
  he 's now chair of economics at a university . 
  ca n't really hold onto staff when they get opportunities like that . 
  iirc they have some economics staffers still in the team , but none with a phd . 
  * [ not cheating , still awesome ] ( http://archive.evenews24.com/2012/03/14/the-great-contract-scam/comment-page-1/ ), 
  * [ total scam , also not cheating , also awesome ] ( http://archive.evenews24.com/2011/08/12/one-of-the-biggest-scam-in-eve-history-ponzi-scheme-empties-over-1-trillion-isk-from-players-wallets/ ), 
  turns out it does , ha . 
  it 's obviously beta as fuck . 
  it 's a libre port , not a gratis port . 
  wedding tackle ? 
  because , like , they do n't even ? 
  152 more than i expected . 
  to be fair , qh did n't know what they wanted , and ibm did n't mind as long as they were billing . 
  bad project management . 
  ugh , i get spammed on linkedin by amazon at least five times a year . 
  my best recommendation is to find a recruitment firm or consultancy that you like , then stick with them . 
  my recruiter takes a flat 25 percent . 
  on the other hand , they also find me contracts that would n't be available otherwise , so there 's that . 
  well , first thing would be to plan for the inevitable destruction of your ships . 
  null sec in particular can be hard on hulls , so generally any ship i plan to fly a lot , i aim to have two ready-to-go replacements in my hangar . 
  barges are also relatively disposable , so aim to get a couple of them ( or one for ore and one for ice etc ) . 
  lmk if you want some suggested fittings for them . 
  past that , the type of npcs you 'll be facing will make a large impact on what type of ships will be best at fighting them . 
  which region are you in ? 
  you have n't really tried large projectiles until you 've used barrage l. 
  au contraire ; it 's pretty good for me because i only start playing after 930 , 
  ok , so local pirates are drones . 
  drones are weakest to em damage , so amarr ships will probably be the best ( although you can also do well with other ships that do em , like some missile ships , and minmatar ships that use emp ammo ) . 
  so , something like a pulse laser coercer or omen would be good at killing drones , eventually working your way up to larger ships . 
  ok cool . 
  just remember that it 's okay to clear out the small stuff first , then warp out , then come back a minute later to clear out the big stuff which ca n't hit you if you orbit close . 
  obviously the smaller your ship , the more effective this technique is . 
  another technique is to fit a ship for long range sniping and just pop everything before it gets close . 
  the oracle battlecruiser is great for this , but other smaller ships are also good , like the imperial navy slicer or the purifier stealth bomber ( although the bomber does n't fare well vs small stuff ), 
  fair point . 
  chronic , inoperable foot-in-mouth disease . 
  the local daycare has free breakfasts , sponsored by bendigo bank . 
  it 's a great idea actually . 
  after belt ratting stops appealing , you can then go to the cosmic anomalies on your scanner . 
  after that , then get into a legion and go scan down cosmic signatures and follow escalation paths in your journal to the next one in the chain . 
  there is an isd program where players have separate isd accounts where they help new players , feed info to devs etc. 
  i think they also get an unkillable cockroach ship to spy on major events and fraps it . 
  however , from what i understand , there 's a few restrictions . 
  * you ca n't be online with your isd account at the same time as your main . 
  * you can only be known as isd < blah  or < your main  . 
  if the relationship between the two accounts is discovered , i do n't know what happens but you 're probably kicked out of the program . 
  * there 's the usual stuff too ( ` abuse the isd program and we 'll ban you permanently ' , etc etc ), 
  / thread,
