  until then , it 's head in the sand time . 
  did you ask ` hey , while you 're down there ... can you get some milk and bread ? ', 
  this is the nuclear option , btw . 
  the answer is obvious :, 
  like a boss . 
  people already call me a number two . 
  mighty mighty boss tones . 
  and by ` bond ' we mean ` wear underwear like a tennis player ', 
  mythbusters verdict : * plausible *, 
  / u/absolutetruth is anything but generic . 
  lawn , for instance . 
  go down to the station and pick it up . 
  it 's surely legit . 
  hell , i barely get 1.5 * down * . 
  that 's probably a lot more feasible . 
  push notifications ? 
  install eve watch from the app store . 
  well , he wo n't get the ship back , but he might get the loot that did n't drop . 
  yes . 
  no , because bombers already exist . 
  no projected area effect damage on super cap hulls thank you very much . 
  things get stupid when you bring 100 of them ... 
  data core farming is no longer a thing . 
  well , you can still do it , but it will net you like 450k per day , which is peanuts . 
  so , like a temporary red vs blue , using the war report as a score card ? 
  sound fun . 
  no , you get the same ones twice . 
  she 's had a lot , she just exercises restraint . 
  it 's a [ podla drake ] ( http://jestertrek.blogspot.com.au/2012/08/bonus-fit-of-week-podla-drake.html ) , which you should always fly in memory of lex fasces . 
  boom !, 
  head shot . 
  let 's just take a moment to appreciate a branch of the armed services that sends its officers out to fight while the enlisted personnel wait safely back at base . 
  orca now has ore hold , fleet hold and normal cargo hold . 
  not all holds get capacious due to orca skills , and of course only the cargo hold gets bonuses from expanded cargo rigs and modules . 
  in exchange , you can get a sick hull tank using bulkhead rigs and a damage control . 
  in regards to fuel , the blueprint system changed in crius , and all blueprints are capped at me 10 and te 20 . 
  also , some tweaks happened with multiple runs so that may be your problem . 
  either way , it is what it is . 
  something to increase the need for fleets to maneuver . 
  like , line of sight blocking , or different hit chances between chasing someone vs them orbiting , or something . 
  i 'm not a game designer , so i do n't have ready made solutions for this . 
  there is a list . 
  it 's called ` low sec ' . 
  did you end up getting a link ? 
  how 's the alpha , though ? 
  not sure how it will work out for you either , if you expect a share of the buddy rewards ... 
  fair enough . 
  hit us up in / r/evenewbies if you want , or google for eve university , they have their own separate help channel in game , as well as a great wiki and video series . 
  being a pain in the ass is an eve players duty . 
  do you like repping ? 
  then minmatar logistics is your go-to suit , and you 'll need to get prototype repair tool as well ( even if you choose to slum it with an advanced one , you need the ability to go proto for situations where you need the repping , like confined spaces with your local heavy . 
  so a standard suit is like 2k , and an advanced suit is like 8k , so you may as well run advanced . 
  you 're looking at an average suit cost of about 40k . 
  i 'll try to put together a suit . 
  logistics m/1-series 8,040, 
  complex shield extender 4,275, 
  complex shield extender 4,275, 
  complex shield extender 4,275, 
  complex profile dampener 3,420, 
  basic armor plates 900, 
  complex profile dampener 3,420, 
  assault combat rifle 2,460, 
  bdr-8 triage repair tool 8,070, 
  kin-012 nanite injector 2,625, 
  isk estimated cost : ~ 46,305, 
  cpu 331.525 / 358.3125 gf, 
  shield [ 330.3 ] hp, 
  ehp [ 611.3 ] hp, 
  shield recharge rate 20 hp/s, 
  shield recharge delay 5 s, 
  shield dep . 
  rec . 
  delay [ 7.35 ] s, 
  armor repair rate 2.5 hp/s, 
  movement speed [ 4.85 ] m/s, 
  low slots are of course to taste . 
  perhaps you want ferroscale plates instead of basic plates , or running/endurance modules instead of damps . 
  so basically , follow around heavies and heal everyone up . 
  stab people who are down , and if your heavy runs out of ammo , drop a hive . 
  a gallente logi will usually fit a scanner ( usually a long-duration one ) , a cal logi will usually always fit a hive because that 's their bonus , and an amarr logi will almost always fit an uplink , but since your bonus is to rep tools , you 're pretty-much always going to have one fit . 
  in fact , you 'll probably have a few fits that differ only in the type of rep tool , 
  cool , yeah i think they get +20 hp/second as you go up from basic to advanced to prototype , so it 's a big jump , 
  no certificates , but there 's definitely skills worth getting . 
  lem me take a look . 
  ok , so dropsuit command is a skill tree that 's basically ` train only what you need ' . 
  get minnie medium iii then go full logistics . 
  dropsuit upgrades is where you can spend a serious chunk of your sp . 
  armour upgrades and shield upgrades are massive , get them to v . the biotics and core upgrades skills you can leave at iii or so . 
  going deeper into those trees , you might be able to leave the armour skills at i or iii , just to eke out some minor bonuses . 
  biotics , probably best to get cardiac regulation i then leave the rest for a while . 
  those skills are mandatory for a scout , and kin cat v is pretty good for a minmatar assault , but not the highest priority for a logi that 's following a heavy suit around . 
  in the core upgrades tree , electronics and engineering a big fucking deals , get them to v because otherwise you ca n't fit anything . 
  as a logistics player , you 'll probably get all of the equipment-related skills to i or ( later ) iii ( except cloaks ) because advanced equipment is a lot better than basic but still cheap enough not to cry when you die with it . 
  i suggest repair tools should go to v , and maybe nano circuitry to ii instead of i , and iv instead of iii because there 's some good repair hives at those tiers that you 'd otherwise miss out on ( in particular the compact nano hive which is cheap and gives you a one-shot massive boost to armour repair in a clutch situation ) . 
  under the dropsuit electronics tree is another little tree for electronic warfare . 
  imo , if you have the spare sp , get precision enhancement and profile dampening to iii and preferably v. damps v enables complex damp modules , plus lets you avoid basic scanners without needing any modules , which is pretty neat . 
  the best tank is not being shown on a mini map . 
  leave range amplication at i or iii or something , it 's not so important unless you 're running a scout suit or something niche . 
  weaponry tree is * kinda * important , but as a logistics suit you can get away without putting too much into this tree . 
  as someone who has minmatar medium suits trained already , it 's pretty easy to train minmatar assault to complement minmatar logistics .
