  yeah . 
  it can make a big difference ( for example , solid state drives keep their data for years at room temperature but that drops to weeks or days at higher temperatures . 
  do n't use them on mine sites . ), 
  the uk deliberately sends its c-team to avoid paying to host it if they won . 
  eurovision has banned australia from ever hosting due to timezone issues , so we can send whoever we want . 
  i 'm not * uninterested * per se . 
  i just happen to be training useless skills on an alt because it 's way too much effort to log in my main and enable training on it again . 
  m8 we were just trying to * fit in * . 
  actually india sailed through okay as well . 
  there were indian bankers sent to the us in the middle of the cfd bubble , they came back with a bucket full of nope so their central bank kept out of the market . 
  on the other hand , it 's probably where you should put the first $ 1k you invest each year . 
  the market has been roughly the same for the last 5 years . 
  really hard to find low-level positions due to outsourcing , fairly easy if you 're an expert due to fixing fuckups due to outsourcing . 
  yeah , we shopped around for an offshore dev team and the people we found in manila had by far the best attitude , communication skills and competency . 
  ca n't you just make an extract of your linkedin profile ? 
  * tips fedo *, 
  it adds mana pressure , and is n't really a strength carry item . 
  it 's good , but not necessarily a core . 
  like heart , in a way . 
  ck is a challenge to play mid , but it 's amazing how much he benefits from bottle . 
  getting a random illusion rune is obviously pure skill as well . 
  it 's roughly equivalent to wand plus a handful of clarities , so if you do n't include a wand in your build because you 're rushing something else , bottle will also not be worth it . 
  it got added later , but the suitcase was never fixed . 
  i thought it had to do with which lane you have three heroes in : safe lane for defensive , off lane for offensive . 
   shitloads over the years from rent, 
  seriously , we 're talking $ 70-90k / year rent for a nice house in hedland during the boom . 
  artons are n't really known for their damage output . 
  i assume you 're shooting guristas/serpentis rats ? 
  if so , then yes , some t2 guns with void s will make a huge difference . 
  better yet , fly a catalyst or t2 frigate and get some real damage applied . 
  not bad . 
  he said this during an interview aired on the st. louis television station ktvi-tv when asked whether women who are raped and become pregnant should have the option of abortion . 
  he replied :, 
   well you know , people always want to try to make that as one of those things , well how do you , how do you slice this particularly tough sort of ethical question . 
  first of all , from what i understand from doctors , that 's really rare . 
  if it 's a legitimate rape , the female body has ways to try to shut that whole thing down . 
  but let 's assume that maybe that did n't work or something . 
  i think there should be some punishment , but the punishment ought to be on the rapist and not attacking the child . 
  for ratting , many people use drone ships like gilas , or something with large guns , like nagas . 
  what do the people in your alliance suggest ? 
  perth house market is actually pretty flat . 
  what makes you so sure you will live in sydney after you graduate ? 
  it 's a prime opportunity to live and work overseas for a while . 
  interactive have a minimum spend per month , though . 
  i can only assume that someone at ccp is a fan of lustmord . 
  you do n't say `` trance music from iceland '' ? 
   that man is out of control, 
  everyone knows that . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i would n't make a habit of it though . 
  my daughter learned a few signs at 4 months ( we started signing to her at 2 months ) . 
  she did n't learn more than a handful of signs , but they were enough to get us by until she could talk . 
  i just say `` spotify suggested it to me '', 
  so you could just buy an office and live there ? 
  and the next step is ` what mix of index funds do i go for ? 
  ' , which is answered by looking at the pie charts that pretty-much all managed funds give you in their product disclosure statement . 
  should have been fifty shades . 
  once were warriors . 
  have house . 
  want shares . 
  what do ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's not what i want . 
  the last thing i want is a snowballing loan that leaves me without a house . 
  yeah a home equity loan sounds like what i want . 
  however , i 'm not necessarily planning on taking out a huge loan and investing the entire thing at once , so i 'm keen to keep the minimum repayments proportional to what i have actually withdrawn rather than fixed to the total . 
  i would imagine that if one does n't have discipline not to touch those funds , one would be in a world of hurt come tax time anyway . 
  plus , their bad sensor strength is a liability . 
  i just like how all of sa matra 's characters are named from my favourite game . 
  depends [ where ] ( http://www.afr.com/real-estate/residential/nsw/sydney-closes-in-on-1m-median-house-price-20150408-1mgfi9 ) . 
  i remember buying a new pc when dune 2 came out : /, 
   i wanted to create a pin up publication, 
  pin-ups tend not to be unattractive . 
  my local kindergarten has a breakfast program sponsored by bendigo bank . 
  if you rock up before 730am , they 'll feed your kid toast or cereal , and milk . 
  it impressed me a lot . 
   a poorly educated populus, 
  do you have gravity capacitor rigs fit ? 
  those things are awesome . 
  also , you can fit scanning modules into your mid slots if you need a further boost . 
  drag along a mobile depot so you can refit in space . 
  ( not sure if you have to be uncloaked to use scanning modules - if so , be careful ! ), 
  [ optionsxpress ] ( http://forums.whirlpool.net.au/forum-replies.cfm?t=2407489 ), 
  i have considered doing this for pulling creeps . 
  he 's hamming it up . 
  also , start looking for a corporation to join . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  i trade on an alt . 
  oh , who am i kidding . 
  i trade on my new main . 
  the 1 %, 
  sigh , use evernus or something, 
  fnord . 
  super is tax effective , in return for that decades long lock in . 
  there will come a time when it 's worth locking some money away to get some of that sweet super discount . 
  after all even if you retire early it would be great to get another windfall once your super matures . 
  that 's a given . 
  i think google docs importxml path changed recently . 
  did we ever find out who was the guy who asked the wod team for ` more pssssh ' ? 
  ask in local chat for help ? 
  the widest being your mum ?
