  if nobody accepts the permanent rate , then it is , ipso facto not a valid rate to offer . 
  the valid rate is what is accepted . 
  if that 's for a contract , then so be it , because it 's clear that they can go from one contract to another fairly indefinitely . 
  that turned out not to be the case . 
  i think you 're overstating the scope of the changes . 
  turnbull is replacing the 457 visa with a 2-year and 4-year visa that is substantially similar . 
  the core market distortion of the 457 was not bringing in highly-paid workers from overseas to do jobs we could n't ; it was bringing in * low * - paid workers from overseas that australians could have done instead . 
  i know what the law says . 
  in practice , the visa holders are paid the statutory minimum for each role , which is usually significantly less than the going rate for the positions they fill . 
  the 457 visa stopped being about filling high-paid roles and became more about saving on salary costs a number of years ago . 
  so , graze sheep under the panels . 
  the point is that it 's being * portrayed * as doing a lot more than it actually does . 
  they 're less shit than the guy before her , so yay progress, 
  australia has reciprocal tax arrangements with many countries , so if your foreign investment has tax withheld , you 'll * usually * get a discount of that amount when it comes to assessing the tax payable in australia , depending on the country etc. 
  do n't rule out brisbane ; amazon has an office there . 
  which country are you moving from ? 
  it may make sense to invest there instead , depending on the market . 
  that 's the part that one nation is most happy about , but a revolving door of visa holders will still distort the job market without addressing the wage issue . 
  good point and worth a longer discussion . 
  the 457 visa allows australian companies to bring workers in for cheaper than paying for an onshore worker . 
  whether the worker goes back or gets pr and quits is not important to the company ; they will just bring in a replacement . 
  in my opinion , most of the risk is in the index itself . 
  it 's more important to diversify the indexes than the company that provides them . 
  if you feel strongly , choose different companies for each index , but frankly index funds follow dead simple rules with little human input so the risk of an individual company screwing up is quite low . 
  are you okay ? 
  finland levies heavier traffic fines according to your income , so it hurts the same . 
  bank account = 3 %, 
  vts historical returns over the last three years = 16.59 %, 
  ^ ( not that i recommend 100 % vts allocation , but you get the picture ), 
  even if you are super conservative and assume a 6 % return , that 's a difference of almost a thousand dollars a year on that $ 30k . 
  personally , i think if the housing market tanks , the asx50 will also take a big hit , so if you want to insulate your investments from that , invest in indexes tracking international stocks . 
  it 's not as bad as you state . 
  but yes , it could be improved . 
  just remember that the surcharge increases if you 're over 30 and keep refusing to get health insurance ( up to a cap ), 
  oh , absolutely . 
  there will be good years and bad years , and that 's what 's attractive about capital-stable investments : your yield might be lower but you 're guaranteed not to have losses . 
  morrison is a lot smarter than he looks . 
  dutton , on the other hand . 
   it biases to high market cap stocks , which means you then mimic the concentration risk that your index has, 
  well , that 's fixed by tracking a different index , right ? 
  i mean , if you want performance in line with an index , then do n't be surprised when you ** get ** performance in line with the index . 
  better in a particular aspect or collection of aspects ? 
  sure . 
  * inherently * better or worse because of the people in it ? 
  if there 's an hourly or daily rate advertised ( which it rarely is - usually a recruiter would tell you in person ) , then super is * not * on top of that rate . 
  so , like the safety dance but with x ray machines ? 
  like , crony capitalism ? 
  at the moment , people use various shorthand notation , like `` voice muted means annoying or tilty , text muted means an actual asshole '' etc , but it would be nice to codify that a bit better . 
  let 's be honest though - his team carried him * hard * that game . 
  if you * sell * , you have to sell at ` fair market value ' which leaves a bit of wiggle room but not that much . 
  i do n't know a lot about transferring the asset without actually selling it to you . 
  see a lawyer or conveyancer for that . 
  you can draw up private loan agreements at any interest rate you want , for any term you want . 
  see a lawyer , should n't cost more than a couple of hundred bucks since it will be fairly simple . 
  they do n't do rainbows . 
  you got ta expect a few percent of any subreddit to be wackos or trolls . 
  the reverse politician maneuver . 
  the most successful progressive push ( workers rights , publicly funded universities and health care etc ) ended with the whitlam administration . 
  since then , things have slipped into a more conservative mind set . 
  forty years of conservatism has obviously slowed the pace of social progress . 
  it 's getting better . 
  the progressive movement has largely shifted to minor parties such as the greens , and they 're doing some good work in states like victoria . 
  does he eat pizza with knife and fork ? 
  australia has less faith based politics , but it has a much stronger xenophobic streak than the us , at least until recently . 
  i personally blame the gap between gdp growth and wage growth . 
  it leaves a lot of pissed off people wondering why politicians are saying ` we 've never had it so good ' and looking for someone to blame . 
  i 'm trying hard to get it down to 50 % , but it 's a hard slog . 
  regardless what you think of its policies , australia is actually * really * difficult to get into . 
  stiff competition though . 
  nobody is blameless in that region if you go back far enough . 
  do n't best yourself up about it , although i think it would be more prudent to donate to charities that operate in that area rather than directly , and risk it being siphoned off into arms purchases . 
  and some of * them * are just [ concern trolling ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/concern_troll ) . 
  you 're insane , * doctor * . 
  can you switch funds without incurring capital gains ? 
  might be easier to bias more international to compensate . 
  well , nobody thinks they 're the villain of their own story , so i guess we 'll have to agree to disagree . 
  i 'm ambivalent about unions in general but i 'd like to see their warehouses get a bit of union oversight . 
  that 's also okay . 
  i mean , you ca n't stop progress , but i do n't want what humans * are * involved to be exploited . 
  that 's not what i hear about the us warehouses . 
  it 's pretty sweatshop like . 
  adding insult to injury . 
  m a r r y s l a c k s, 
  critical hit to the nostalgia module, 
   lonelie, 
  ftfy, 
  `` i * do * have a boyfriend ; he just goes to a different detention centre '', 
  how does new zealand handle this ? 
  reading the article / u/maevam linked , it seems nz already went through the same thing and ended up clamping down on all those loopholes . 
  interesting, 
  * they tried market-rate student loans -  everyone left the country instead of paying , so they want back to cheap loans * unless * you leave the country, 
  * they tried uncapped university places -  standards dropped and degrees became worthless , so they re-capped uni places, 
  * they deregulated unis/tafes -  standards dropped , scammers appeared , so they re-regulated the sector, 
  familiar problems , except they appear to have actual solutions . 
   trump change for most people . 
  ftfy . 
  react ? 
  angular ? 
  something more exotic ? 
  that 's not exotic ; that 's a kink .
