  or more pay , or same pay but more time off , or [ leave loading ] ( http://ask.metafilter.com/51946/what-is-leave-loading ) . 
  whatever they think is good . 
  um , stout shield does n't care whether you 're being hit by ranged or melee attacks . 
  it only cares about whether the * wearer * is ranged or melee . 
  medallion is a great pickup because you can help out in a fight while still invis , without using the huge amount of mana required for seed . 
  that 's correct . 
  also , quelling blade is bad for ranged carries ; hence the multiple-wraith band drow build . 
  i have certain slots and abilities on quick cast . 
  being able to hover my mouse over an enemy , then press q c r to nuke , blink and duel is really helpful . 
  clearing stacks with oo is rough after the magic aura changes in 6.86 , but you might be able to snipe them with talon . 
  not sure if it 's really worth stacking too high though, 
  not really . 
  ice skates for beginners are high-impact plastic so your ankle can barely move . 
  i play eve on a retina mbp . 
  surprisingly , it works , even through the double handicap of os x and laptop . 
  * low resistance to physical damage ( dies to pa ), 
  * low resistance to pure damage ( dies to od/silencer/blademail / cleave ), 
  * burning spears does eventually fall off, 
  * gets magic resist , so does n't really want to build bkb ( dies to stuns , disables ), 
  husk is really strong in the laning phase but eventually falls off . 
  if opponents can survive his initial power spike and stop him from snowballing too hard , they will be in a much better position . 
  just going from your descriptions :, 
  game 1 : if you lose team fights and lose split pushing , you will categorically lose . 
  split push is what you do if you ca n't win team fights , and 5-manning is what you do to force a team fight if the enemy is split pushing you . 
  game 2 : sometimes it 's correct to go for throne , although that tends to only be an option if you 're already down multiple rax and have one last shot before you get overrun . 
  perhaps a casual maelstrom on mirana would help with counter pushing , but their draft just had better push, 
  game 3 : you guys had practically zero wave clear , no wonder your lanes were pushed in . 
  in general , the counter to one guy split pushing is, 
  * one hero counter-pushes a lane ( has tp boots ), 
  * one hero counter-pushes another lane ( has tp boots ), 
  * three heroes push the third lane for real ( usually one of the outside lanes ), 
  eventually , a team fight happens on the third lane , the other 2 heros tp in , you win a teamfight , then 5-man through to rax . 
  once you rax , that lane is relatively safe from pushes , which makes your job easier . 
  necro book . 
  in true form , ld 's battle cry adds +150 damage ** per hit ** to all his summons for 6 seconds . 
  necro book adds 2 units , both of which attack quite fast ( once per second , give or take the necro archer 's aura ) , and only a level 1 book is needed to get the battle cry damage . 
  does it catch on fire , or just smoulder a little ? 
  charles, 
  why is gyro auto loss at 2k ? 
  what if, 
  what if ccp shanghai had oversight from people who knew about good fps games ? 
  i guess they finally caught up to the republicans . 
  rouge came late to the party though . 
  the damage was already done , imo . 
  angels fall first does a good impression of what dust was supposed to be . 
  you are incorrect . 
  which is quite realistic imo, 
  oh man i 'm still nostalgic for the chromosome patch . 
  rip my 4.8 kda, 
   so i will need to probably train my replacement while i 'm off . 
  hopefully paid , right ? 
  you do 3d modelling - you going into vr modelling ? 
  something something world of darkness, 
  exploration is a cool thing to do together or solo . 
  together , you can do some of the harder combat sites you encounter ( i used to see a lot of russians running tengu pairs ) . 
  mining/hauling is also good to do together , but i strongly recommend you do that kind of industrial stuff on separate characters - their skill set and play style just do n't overlap well with combat/exploration/anything else skills . 
  they changed or rewrote engines 3 times . 
  lack of tool support is why it took so long to build the 4 captain 's quarters ... 
  it 's a disastah, 
  ... for a while . 
  in that case , it 's fair . 
  but , it 's a distinct advantage if you face enemies on foot . 
  how surprising is it that someone leaked it to him ? 
  india has its own coal mines , too . 
  it 's the everything . 
  the chinese are n't buying our baby formula for fun ; they 're doing it because it 's literally safer to hire someone to fly overseas and bring back a case than to buy it from the local shops . 
  diffusal has 2 blades ,, 
  atos has 2 staffs, 
  we need something with 2 ogre clubs . 
  they 're unlikely to know to rosh either . 
  you know is is bad when al qaeda compares favourably to it . 
  but , even ten extractors seem like a big purchase . 
  where to begin, 
  there 's a [ capitalist version ] ( http://www.bountybags.com.au ) . 
  companies pay money for the right to give free stuff to mothers . 
  maelstrom procs are magic , so crits and other skills do not apply . 
  perhaps that 's why it 's not recommended on heroes with crits . 
  those hips, 
  i wonder if they have thought this through . 
  i mean , if i could play without skill points accruing , i would never spend another plex ever again . 
  and then you have the 20x multi boxers who do n't care about training either ... 
  i find the best weapon for pvp is ridicule . 
  wrong type of tackle, 
  only if you concentrate hard enough, 
  why is heart a trap ? 
  hence satanic , so you can duel someone , then activate it and hit someone back to full health immediately after ? 
  do n't be afraid to delete your character near the end of the trial ( allow 10 hours for the confirmation option to become available , after you initiate character deletion ) . 
  then just create another trial , using the same email address , and recreate your character . 
  i did this a half-dozen times before i subscribed . 
  for safety , set up the rank that * does * have permissions before you tinker with @everyone . 
  7 million sp is like , a few months i guess ? 
  perhaps resub and create a new character - you retain the option to use the old character later , or extract some skill points from it or whatever . 
  i have no idea what you mean , 
  it 's new , but yes . 
  it 's not cheap in real-life dollars though . 
  if people use bkbs , have you considered pressing w on yourself and disappearing safely for 4 seconds ? 
  so you can have more experience playing eve on a trial ( s ) . 
  all the effects expire then . 
  probably not , but there may be a new pack soon after this one expires . 
  do n't feel bad about not picking this up .
