  well , free education improves the tax base , so that helps pay for things after you retire . 
  roads and hospitals do n't stop existing once you hit 65 ... 
  that 's my link . 
  message me if you have any questions . 
  enjoy !, 
  my calibration games were the most unpleasant games of dota i have ever experienced . 
  i did n't calibrate particularly high ( 1200 ) but i have gone back to unranked games . 
  in unranked games , there 's often a bunch of players who are learning the game ( on each side ) so they 're pretty chill . 
  in ranked games , especially < 2k games , there may be people who are literally plateaued at that level and have been for months or years . 
  this makes them quite salty . 
  but what if you 're legitimately a 1k player ? 
  if you play unranked , you 're matched with other 1k players and it 's all good - even if you lose , hey , it 's not ranked . 
  if you play ranked , suddenly you 're in tryhard mode . 
  you know , * deep down * , that you 're actually a 5k player so every mistake that anyone on your team makes is just another hurdle between you and that mmr that you * deserve * . 
  your self-worth is on the line !, 
  one of these scenarios results in a chill game of dotes ; one of them does not . 
  if you have never tried dota in a party with a friend ( even a steam-friend that you added because they were friendly in a game you played together ) , i strongly suggest trying it . 
  it 's really a very different game if you know there 's someone on your team that you can coordinate with . 
  some people have good mechanical skill and game sense but are held back to a low mmr by attitude . 
  morph has two common builds :, 
  * shotgun morph - high-agi carry that usually nukes with blade + adaptive strike, 
  * taser morph - high-str support that stuns with adaptive strike ( 4.25 s stun on a 10s cooldown ), 
   strong first impressions make this ideal when showing off your new rift headset , but theres little to keep you flying beyond those first few moments . 
  ouch . 
  perhaps not unwarranted though . 
  tell me , where on your pt belt did the bad man touch you ? 
  you have emrakul and slaver and ruins , you win grindy matches already . 
  better off with ghost quarter . 
  -- harvey dent, 
  now ki\u00f0, 
  the thing about pa is , they always try and walk it in . 
  strictly about dumping excess income into super ( labor : starting from $ 250k income | libs : starting from $ 180k ) . 
  considering that super is taxed at 15 % instead of 0 ... 45 % , that mostly-plugs a loophole . 
  plugs ** all ** loopholes , but for fewer people - if you earn $ 300k , you can not reduce your tax payable below $ 105k ( you 'd normally pay $ 117k minus deductions ) . 
  only affects a few people , but is very effective at it . 
  super setup is n't * terrible * - it depends on what your fund 's performance is , vs the price . 
  personally , i switched my super to one of my fund 's index options last week ( it was a mixed international/australian index mix ) . 
  $ 160/year seems relatively low i think ? 
  tbh i just pull that camp into my lane creeps ( start pulling when the creeps pass your t1 - this works for dire safelane as well ) which usually stacks . 
  jugg is good . 
  * has heal, 
  * has magic immunity that you can teleport during, 
  * has useful ult, 
  not a huge amount of teamfight , but you ca n't have everything . 
  but your creatures and planes walkers are your main threats . 
  why not skip a step and just bring it back from the graveyard ? 
  i 'd expect sion to come down from the heavens , bitch slap them and say ` realpolitik means you do n't burn bridges . 
  corps go to pl ; corps also leave pl ' . 
  ... perhaps i expect too much . 
  sneak the character into chribba 's corp. 
   cheesier than a block of cheese dipped in molten cheese with cheese sprinkled on top . 
  is this including the forgeworld stuff ? 
  cos , i do n't even play but some of those things look pretty op . 
  tweet fleet could do with a slack adjuster . 
  that turn rate though . 
  titan fall was polished as all hell though . 
  looking forward to pre season games . 
  raisin d'\u00eatre , more like, 
  '' [ waff ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4i1_zmilq1g ) '', 
  well , the difference between that car and a $ 20k accent or whatever is a 10 % deposit on a flat ( or maybe a 10 % deposit on an actual house if there 's a price drop ) . 
  so there 's that . 
  definitely worth it , especially for blinks . 
  faction launchers are better though . 
  as trustworthy as his nbn promise . 
  racq, 
  hello space police ? 
  i 'd like to report a murder . 
  so basically * the expanse * . 
  it 's worth it . 
  they were coarse and got every where ? 
  yes , but it does not amplify the orb damage itself . 
  well , yeah , it still gives you bonus damage . 
  hi , that 's my link below . 
  if you have any questions about the process , feel free to message me , 
  for political reasons , mandarin is the only chinese language allowed on broadcast media . 
  this is the best idea i have seen since that post about flesh interfaces . 
  thus implies valkyrie wo n't , since it 's economy is some retarded mix of gold and silver that would make dr eggnog cry . 
  but it * also * needs to be a decent game . 
  the eve connection wo n't save it if it 's not actually fun . 
  well , dust has isk vs aurum , so they could have gone with that . 
  i pre-emptively blame ccp z for it . 
  perhaps there needs to be eve-triggered nova events , * as well as * nova-triggered eve events . 
  oh , no wonder our offshore developers in manila are so fucking happy with their salary . 
  phase 1 : nuclear strikes . 
  phase 2 : chemical warfare . 
  phase 3 : harsh language . 
  unless you set up the loan as an investment loan , you wo n't be able to have the interest be tax-deductible . 
  do not bet against the ato on this . 
  tldr we 're not eveing fast enough, 
  if you 're looking for people who like americans but dislike their government , you 'll find enough just looking inside the usa . 
  you 'll need to provide a bit more evidence than that , mate . 
  better + damage means bigger crits . 
   get up at 7 or 8 in the morning . 
  do not sleep in , do not get 3 hours of sleep , get at least 6 . 
  eat breakfast, 
  these tasks are actually * monumental * challenges when you 're suffering from clinical depression . 
  i hope rattati gets a promotion for his work on dust . 
  some places that have nice little gyms but low fees are disabled support associations like [ sporting wheelies ] ( http://www.sportingwheelies.org.au/our-services/fitness-and-rehabilitation/the-gym/ ) . 
  yap only knows your solo and/or party mmr if you put them in the two spots on your profile . 
  now i 'm reluctant to even click op 's link .
