  when you 're pos 3 you have the luxury of dying without it being game-ending . 
  pos 1 , not so much . 
  * encourage other players to build cc when they are behind . 
  we had 3 players on our team who thought they were the carry , but it soon became clear that none of them were . 
  if they had spent some gold on disables for the enemy clinkz and spectre , i have no doubt we would have won enough team fights to win the match . 
  worked for an airline . 
  believe me , we know if there 's a vip on a flight . 
   how about if i win , you have to praise hayne enthusiastically , genuine ( i.e. 
  not sarcastic ) & unabashedly for a week every time you read a post that mentions him . 
  but when will he find time to sleep ? 
  i have seen a few supports pick up iron talons to heavily damage creeps before the carries sweep in and clear out the stack . 
  maybe that 's a possibility . 
  regardless , ck has no farm booster as well as no sustainability so it 's only ever going to be mediocre . 
  that 's probably not the best build . 
  ember can drop a sof every few seconds ; riki 's ultimate is more of an escape than an offensive tool . 
  did you stick to lc and help out with duels ? 
  as a support nuker , it 's a really good idea to assist lc in snowballing from duels . 
  if lc gets jumped , you can ult to clear the crowd away ( or at least salvage a bad duel ), 
  yeah , sometimes you just have to accept that , and find another player to help instead . 
  and on defense : frost armour * your * towers . 
  pick up talon in a few situations, 
  * if you need the cut-tree option anyway ( against np etc ), 
  * if you have an area-effect spell but have problems killing large jungle creeps in stacks ( e.g. 
  6.86 slark gets value from taloning the large creep then clearing the camp ), 
  * if you are bloodseeker , since you deal extra talon damage if you are bloodraged . 
  value !, 
  * if you have sustain in the jungle but jungle slowly ( lifestealer , lc , generally strength heroes ) . 
  i 'm not saying ` go jungle lc ' , but if you already have a quelling blade , it 's definitely worth considering the upgrade . 
  you get farm by being in range when an enemy hero is killed . 
  but realistically , you do n't need much past arcanes and wand , so aghs is a bonus . 
  perhaps try building support items that you can use while invisible , like veil or amulet/solar crest ? 
  ( and yes , urn is good so you need to be around hero kills to recharge it anyway ), 
  just bear in mind that some settings on that page return an error so experiment a bit . 
  also radiance carriers . 
  would you go arcane , then disassemble into lens ? 
   and your team is more likely to benefit from a second support than a jungler in general . 
  i think the crux is that if lc is jungling , then your position ** four ** will be in the solo offlane spot . 
  only a few heroes ( e.g. 
  tidehunter ) can handle that . 
   lc jungle is shorthand for `` person who picks a jungle core , farms jungle for 20 minutes , and does n't participate until the game is already decided, 
  ... which is weird , because i thought it self-evident that the correct way to jungle as lc is to get a 9-minute blink dagger then go pick a fight . 
  i do n't think so , although if you want , you might be able to filter out anything that has a sell order at all , so you can at least get stuff without competition . 
  it [ happens ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ltv1jr3g7u ) . 
  ( ~ 8 minute blink ), 
  i tried it in < 1k potato tier : still 9 minute boots + talon + blink . 
  you can also bloodlust your towers , now . 
  it 's definitely worth doing . 
  probably would have gone lance at level 3 . 
  you have a cm so you should be spamming the hell out of your q. 
  i would have skipped the basilius as well , and put the money towards something else , like early quelling blade . 
  first level in her passive is also good to trade hits in lane against a melee carry at level 1 when you are offlane . 
  we splintered . 
  it 's complicated . 
  we splintered from xxdeath after they pulled back from our region . 
  we caused trouble with the new overlords so were forced out and crashed on tog 's couch . 
  when xxdeath pulled back further , we planted a tiny , tiny flag . 
  eventually xxdeath realised that the new guys really were as dickish as we 'd been saying all along , so we 're back to +5 with them [ for the moment ] ( http://princessbridequotes.com/2013/princess-bride-quotes-westley/ill-most-likely-kill-you-in-the-morning/ ) . 
  that 's my link . 
  feel free to message me if you have questions, 
  good catch . 
  well , that 's a situational pick up then . 
  usually you 'd let the agility hero on your team buy that . 
  i do n't see why not , as long as you realise that it will be harder to calculate capital gains . 
  but that 's okay if you do n't plan to sell them . 
  you need some ugin . 
  my alliance leader is from new zealand , so of course we named it after a greek guy . 
  the vegetable with drones . 
  last pick ? 
  tried soul ring tranquil boots ? 
  cast for days . 
  passive is mostly for towers , i think . 
  * buy tango and iron talon . 
  * take rune if your mid goes top rune , otherwise just protect it for them . 
  * take medium camp at 0.30 , alternate between the hard and medium ones closest to mid * unless * mid needs the camp , in which case clear out the other camps . 
  * buy stout then boots then blink , or bottle then boots then blink . 
  * blink is bought by 9 minutes or less , go gank someone . 
  note that you will need a lot of help in the first few duels , which is what bottled runes will help with . 
  bugs got buffed . 
  see that 's interesting , because the same scams seem to be okay on reddit . 
  is that protection only for the eve o forums ? 
  see : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ltv1jr3g7u, 
  b/g has a lot of other cards in that theme , like [ [ eyeless watcher ] ], 
  and [ [ catacomb sifter ] ] , but the obvious choice would be wx allies . 
  he 's just describing his magic the gathering deck . 
  it depends . 
  sometimes i just want to submit 10 jobs and not bother with the industry ui for 30 days . 
  other times i run jobs up to a few days ( seriously , you can make so many rigs in a week it 's not even funny ), 
  other times i 'm restricted by the max-runs of t2 bpcs so i have to submit jobs once or twice an hour . 
  but the set-and-forget jobs are pretty cruisy . 
  i 'm confident of a cunning solution to this problem . 
  depends whether you 're a cunning linguist i guess . 
  like , a lot of money . 
  which is cool , he can do what he wants , including sponsoring privateers . 
  just use a mobile app like my fitness pal and see where all the calories come from . 
  well , what did the journalist actually mean ? 
  it 's not exactly a common saying . 
  you can play eve on a modem . 
  the patches will still be a pain to download though . 
  maybe something with a bit more control rather than trying to sneak through early weenies to get your processing online ? 
  ugh , 3am tomorrow ?
