  yes but now that you can invent multiple runs at once , it 's not so crucial . 
  i 'm lenin you support , comrade . 
  the world 's largest repository of ` oh , nothing much ' . 
  you can still have some expensive ones though , provided that they 're suitably impressive . 
  because narrative . 
  hong kong trains do n't even have schedules . 
  it 's basically ` are the trains running at all ? 
  then it 's two dozen trains per hour ', 
  chribba could have a celebrity skin , and we could make jokes about courtney love . 
  sven + nipple . 
  one does not imply the other . 
  happening : it 's . 
  colons : everywhere . 
  tech 2 drones are more like 20 % better than tech 1 . 
  bank tellers do n't move up any more . 
  on playstation store . 
  dust 514 has crates now . 
  i 'm not making this up . 
  max skills tempest :, 
  * 5x hammerhead ii = 158dps ( 30 % better ), 
  part of the advantages of t2 sentries is the extended range . 
  should n't be , no . 
  maybe ask on the official forums ? 
  bhp tried a hbi plant to turn iron ore into iron . 
  turns out it 's expensive to do , and slow to load onto ships . 
  oh , and occasionally the plant blows up and people die . 
  ccp art team has a strangle hold , it 's pretty clear if you 've ever read the csm minutes before . 
  yes , people on / r/eve are no strangers to ctas . 
  : miners :, 
  he has a dis appointment with newman . 
  i noticed that the front page of the smh is curiously like buzz feed today . 
  it 's because of fracking . 
  ing has a self managed super product that 's really easy to operate . 
  on the other hand , by the time you 're sixty you 'll have family that you want taken care of , which superannuation will provide . 
  mistakes happen . 
  yeah i heard about that closure . 
  even as a conservative voter , you got ta admit that saving a fairly small amount of money but losing a lot of people to suicide makes no sense . 
  even the most cold hearted person would agree that saving lives means those you save can contribute to society in return . 
  the left half . 
  it 's like normal high sec , but you 're slightly aroused . 
  which is it ? 
  did you, 
  * lose a procurer or skiff , or, 
  * do you deserve no sympathy ? 
  be nice . 
  i pop them anyway , then give them money for a replacement . 
  well i would , if i ever killed anyone . 
  or undocked . 
  but , i 'll be chucking a barbie then :(, 
  evernus does this . 
  it even estimates how long until the order is completely filled based on recent sale rates , so you can restock it before you run out . 
  if it 's a cheap blueprint , sell in packs of ten , with at least 20 runs , possibly as high as 1500 . 
  why is this down voted ? 
  faction multi spectral is a credible alternative to racial ecm on durable ships like widows or er , tengus i guess . 
  there are mid slot scan enhancing modules . 
  use them . 
  if you 're under a declaration of war ( which brave always is ) , then travel anywhere is not very safe , even in high sec . 
  fitting your low slots with warp core stabilisers will prevent being tackled , but wo n't help when they just shoot you instead . 
  perhaps train up an alt character on your account and put the barge into an industrial hauler and move it closer to where your main is ? 
  then you can slip one jump into high sec in a shuttle , then swap to your retriever and get back to null . 
  alternatively , buy a retriever in the local market ( there may already be some for sale in null sec , or at the nearest high sec station ), 
  that 's why it is keyed to habitable area , which you 'll notice australia only has 10 % of . 
  yeah , the reason you do n't see buddy requests in / r/evenewbies is that they all go in that thread or they get deleted . 
  ok , so what he suggests is that when you encounter a bottleneck of either manufacturing jobs or science slots , start another character on that account and train them up to take some of the grunt work . 
  they do n't need all the skills of the main industry character , just enough to do the jobs they need . 
  do you have more questions ? 
  destiny + ps4 is a big incentive to leave a ps3-only game behind . 
  yeah , you can go a long way just training stuff to iv . 
  choose an npc corp. 
  aim to get enough corp standings to get jump clones . 
  maybe take over all the customs offices in your local constellation . 
  the electorate decides . 
  i admit to getting caught by that twist . 
  you 'll see a lot of pickup fleets in mining areas ( just ask for an invite in local ) , but invitations to join corps is generally a slower process . 
  probably needs to fall off faster imo . 
  as if the usa has n't blued up half the map . 
  slack is great . 
  needs more api control though . 
  fish factory , algester . 
  maybe use a crest end point instead ? 
   we like helping newbies out, 
  all both of them . 
  i do n't have a super because it would make me worried that something would happen to it while i was logged off , which is approximately always . 
  i was under the impression that there are now two crest end points ; one for historical region data , and one for market orders . 
  good question . 
  generally , unless you 're fighting ships that are a lot bigger than yours , signature radius is less of a drawback than the benefits that shield extenders provide ( i.e. 
  a pretty large increase in time-til-explode ) . 
  in any case , you 're either trying to win a damage-vs-hp race , or you just need to survive long enough to catch remote reps from a friendly ship . 
  in pve where there 's , on average , lower but more sustained incoming damage , a shield extender may not be so useful , so other modules like shield boosters and boost amplifiers may be more attractive . 
  actually , militia weapons usually have 20 % smaller magazine size compared to standard weapons . 
  ps starcon 2 is the best game, 
  i assume you 're compressing all the ore already ? 
  mex is still a bottleneck , but just tell the miners to actually mine the medium anomaly and it should be manageable . 
  try pulses with scorch . 
  the entire point is to ruin the market and force other players out . 
  ask gevlon then . 
  he started with nothing except a bad grasp of english and an ayn rand novel , and look at him now . 
  your logic checks out . 
  everyone who wants a code already has one by now . 
  or maybe office politics happened .
