  i do n't think anyone has a problem with a 25km-range unit , no matter what kind of frigate it 's fitted to . 
  whatever hubs havens and sanctums provide . 
  if there 's empty space on the sov map , you are guaranteed that somebody will fill it . 
  has he decided that he 's too popular or something ? 
  great marauders , pretty good black ops , and gets you half way to bhaalgorn . 
  speak for yourself . 
  i 'd prefer 4 hours per night of serious fights compared to everything happening when i am asleep or at work . 
  so what you 're saying is that you get a pass from joining defence fleets , leaving you free to do other things , exactly like you do now ? 
  or do all your current timer ops happen in your tz already ? 
   drink your tea through the tim tam, 
  hand in your australia card . 
  drink your ** milo ** through the tim tam . 
  contemplate biomassing thx . 
  mbp . 
  i hear it runs a lot smoother if you 're running it under bootcamp + windows , though . 
  on the plus side , retina screens are the only ones that are n't terrible when they 're that small . 
  zero . 
  fair enough . 
  mine 's just under a year old . 
  you do notice the difference . 
  but i 'm pretty sure you ca n't change your steam id or psn id . 
  yes . 
  best with coffee , or chocolate flavoured milk . 
  tim tams are best when pre frozen if you 're going to try it with hot liquids . 
  message me in 24 hours if you have no takers . 
  yeah , it really depends on the tax rate that op is paying . 
  if he 's in the top or second-top bracket then it may make sense to divert some into super , but if he 's only pulling in $ 45k/year then it 's a different kettle of fish, 
  autz is pretty close to china , is n't it ? 
  remember you can always dip into another field with a second degree or masters in it/finance, 
  for a veteran player , achievable if you play enough . 
  for a newbie , forget it . 
  even attempting it will make you hate the game . 
  the most you should expect is to get one free month after the first six months of subscription . 
  it 's the male-vs-female version of the programmer-vs-ops statement `` it works on my computer , it must be how you installed it '', 
  asher cosplays as quasimodo c/d, 
  i find that industry characters always seem to be needed in different places to my combat character , so making an alt worked out for me . 
  just have a common check ^ ( your privilege ) style plugin . 
  iirc , valkyrie has a pc platform exclusivity agreement with oculus , but there may be expiration dates on that so i guess we 'll see . 
  no , software deployment . 
  why not start your own corp for the tower ? 
  after all , it does n't have to be on all the time , just when you 're using it to compress or refine . 
  ugh , so many hurdles to buy property using self managed super . 
  far easier to do that outside of super , and do stocks inside super . 
  sub for multiple months at a time ? 
  just get a steak and soak it in cough syrup and urine . 
  jesus christ if you 're so hard up you can join a renter corp and eat your way to a plex . 
  lmk if you want some invites , i know a few . 
  just offline the tower when you are n't using it . 
  noobs need to fit damage controls . 
  this is not negotiable . 
  you do n't have the experience to know when things are going bad in time , so you need the buffer of structure that a suitcase provides . 
  drop a damage amp for it . 
  also , this fit is fairly aggressively weighted towards spank . 
  you really want more tank on that if you do n't have a full tech 2 shield tank . 
  i suggest dropping the tracking computer and adding another shield resistance module suited to the damage type your local npc deal . 
  thirdly , try to warp into sites at range , rather than warping to zero . 
  it 's not always an option but if it is , take it . 
  ever wanted to try your hand at exploration ? 
  any news about this ? 
  if you want to start a 30-day trial on a new character to see what things are like , head to / r/new _ eden_link_bot . 
  if you want to check stuff out on your existing character , the recall program ended after two months so your only option is to subscribe . 
  make friends in local chat with other miners you see in the belts ? 
  sigh . 
  bring in compressed ores, 
  build ships and ammunition, 
  use them ? 
  youth allowance would be at most $ 427 per two weeks , so no , that 's not going to cover $ 270 per week rent . 
  also, 
  maybe sixty bucks a week . 
  yes , that 's the definition of ` not independent ' , you get help from others . 
  if you have lots of time but little money , i ca n't think of much that 's cheaper than an mmo for entertainment value . 
  except maybe hitting the library hard . 
  your best bet is to call centrelink and find out . 
  if i recall correctly , its pretty hard to get accepted as independent unless you can prove it . 
  no idea . 
  i 'll just send it and you can pay it forward . 
  what am i going to do with this pitchfork stockpile now ? 
  you have 70k in various australian shares , perhaps a way to diversify would be to spend say 50k on international shares next . 
  then after that , get some other asset classes until it 's vaguely well rounded , then work out what to do next . 
  hmm , most autz corps i see are either in high sec or null . 
  very few in between . 
  they 're there for free because it 's a great way to get a bunch of new customers in one hit . 
  losing the consultation fee is a small price to pay for those juicy trailing commissions . 
   hello folks . 
  i 'm making this discussion thread to give you all a closer look at our design philosophy for the entosis link mechanics and the way we plan to balance the module . 
   we 've been seeing quite a bit of concern from parts of the community that the entosis link mechanics will push people to pure evasion fits , the so called trollceptors . 
  it goes without saying that we do not want the sov war meta turn into nothing but sensor boosting interceptors , but we have plenty of time and tools to help ensure that scenario does n't occur . 
   to explain our current approach and help focus the feedback , i want to discuss some of our specific goals for the entosis link mechanic itself . 
   ** as much as possible , the entosis link capture progress should reflect which group has effective military control of the grid . 
   at its core , the entosis link mechanic is a way for the server to tell who won ( or is winning ) a fight in a specific location . 
  this is a surprisingly tough thing for the server to determine . 
  the best way to win a structure or command node with the entosis link should be to gain effective control of the grid . 
   this means that there will always be an intermediate state where the grid is `` contested '' and neither side is making significant progress until the fight is resolved . 
   ** the optimal strategy for fighting over a location with the entosis link should be to gain effective control of the grid . 
   this is the other side of the coin . 
  in practice it means that we should discourage mechanics that lead to indefinite stalemates over a structure or command node . 
  this is the reason for the `` no remote reps '' condition on active links . 
  this is also the goal that trollceptors would contradict if they were to become dominant . 
   ** the entosis link itself should have the minimum possible effect on what ships and tactics players can choose . 
   entosis links will always have some effect on the types of ships and tactics people find viable for sov warfare , but we should strive to keep those effects to a minimum .
