  apparently ccp rouge is knocking heads and turning the titanic slowly around . 
  my one point in rail rifle outclasses all my points in laser rifle . 
  sigh . 
  these pve fits are really , really stripped down so even someone with < 2 days skill training can fit them . 
  ( the rigs are optional , too ), 
  pvp fits usually involve a medium shield extender instead . 
  no extra rewards for being the underdogs ( in fact , you 're more likely to lose and get the much smaller losing payout ) , so why not dogpile onto the winning side ? 
  even if you do manage to win and get that tasty amarr lp , there 's no player-to-player market so you ca n't trade it in for ludicrous amounts of isk to capitalise on the scarcity . 
  the fix for this is straightforward ( but a lot of work ), 
  * the player-to-player market, 
  if there were a way to turn amarr lp into huge sums of isk , then you 'd see really good corps go `` yeah i think we can win matches even with ten scrubs as blueberries '' , join the underdog side , kill everyone and get massive amounts of filthy lucre . 
  similarly , all the people who dogpiled onto gallente are now competing against each other to sell their faction weapons and lp store stuff , which depresses prices and makes gallente fw less worth it . 
  warzone choice is a big issue . 
  there 's also the problem that while dust affects how easy it is for eve players to take a system , we ca n't do it by ourselves ( whereas eve players can do it by themselves ) . 
  if dust players could infiltrate an ihub and flip the system because they have 100 % territorial control , that 's good enough . 
  after all , eve players do n't need dusties at all . 
  i thought it was way more classy than i expected . 
  sigh , guess i 'll run up a vm or something . 
  that 's why i use drk . 
  web apps work any where . 
  logistics ships get first pick of loot in all the fleets i fly in . 
  the oculus rift guys are also planning to get into this area , but not for a few years . 
  they 'll switch tail numbers , it 'll be fine . 
  i have raised support tickets for outrageous names from time to time . 
  almost like ` meth ' ? 
  is this a \u00dereaking \u00dea\u00f0 reference ? 
  / r/suicidewatch, 
  because it 's a lot easier to get a job in another country compared to retail ? 
  half the fun of tmdc is categorising the spin of each article , on a scale from zero to : narrative :, 
  presumably still where they were living when they originally lost their job . 
  [ like this ? 
  ] ( http://www.blogography.com/photos18/breadbowlskeet.gif ), 
  fyi the untreatable forms of pancreatic cancer usually kill you within six weeks of diagnosis . 
  / r/sharktrolling, 
  someone stole the painting in his attic . 
  that happens when you login with an old version of the client . 
  after the band of brothers mining operation in the eve comic , i 'm keeping an open mind . 
  that 's a hard sell . 
  literally bob . 
  * membership intensifies *, 
   they were all labor 's doing . 
  and they were voted out ( although in retrospect the qr sale was semi-okay because we got a good price for it compared to market value in 20140, 
  i expect my csm candidates to, 
  know their stuff and/or have intelligent opinions they can back up when ccp asks them for their working, 
  not be dickheads that nobody else can work with, 
  put in a decent effort to justify their inclusion in the csm, 
  communicate what 's going on - if i do n't see blog posts from new_eden_news_bot , you 're shit and i 'm not voting for you next time . 
  if you 're into bulk salvage , you should probably [ contact pro-syn ] ( https://sites.google.com/site/prosynergypublic/the-process ) . 
  i believe mynnnnnnnnna has that well covered thank you . 
  band of *** so *** bravery, 
  do n't panic , it 's all lower case . 
  you know shit is real when it 's a. . . 
  * capital escalation *, 
  true . 
  i know only one non-pvp autz corp , and it actually just makes stuff for their pvp alts . 
   we are under an extreme right wing government, 
  ( note to redditors from the usa : this means just a touch more right-wing than obama ), 
  they 're lurching right fairly enthusiastically this term . 
  try subscribing to eve . 
  you 've spend 24 plex in two years . 
  one would assume you got some skill points during that time . 
  note that one of their notable losses of providence was to ushra khan , the minmatar role playing alliance . 
  rote kapelle is moving to providence . 
  that should prove interesting . 
  i 'll be putting fuzzy steve on my ballot because someone has to hold up the indy aspect considering ccp 's alleged roadmap to improving industry in the next year . 
  also , he 's an eve api user , and frankly , i consider the eve api one of the three pillars of eve 's success ( along with player market and sandbox ), 
  get one account and make a faction warfare pilot and run complexes while your other account hangs around in the same system . 
  for bonus points , your second account is in the rival faction so the system never looks safe . 
  incursions also accept logistics pilots if you 're into that sort of thing . 
  good to see him bow out on his own terms . 
  my go to suit is amarr logistics . 
  being able to have a light weapon , side arm and multiple equipment slots is great . 
  i usually run basic plates though . 
  virgin seems okay with it , according to friends who work at virgin :, 
   last night the federal government announced that it would not be providing a debt guarantee or drawdown facility to the qantas group and that it would instead propose to lift the foreign ownership restrictions of the qantas sale act . 
   this is a good outcome for us , for the industry , and for australia , as it supports fair competition in the australian aviation market . 
   we have said many times that virgin australia has no issue with the amendment or repeal of the qantas sale act . 
  however we campaigned strongly against the government providing a debt guarantee or drawdown facility to one airline and not others , as it would have severely distorted the market , to the detriment of the industry , the travelling public and the australian economy . 
   in explaining the government 's decision , prime minister tony abbott recognised the significance of our airline : `` virgin employs australians , it carries australians , it provides a great service to our country . 
  i defy anyone to stand up and say virgin is not in a meaningful sense an australian operation ... and we should give virgin credit for what it does for our country and for our people '' . 
   importantly , we can now continue with our strategy of bringing strong competition to all key segments of the australian aviation market and growing jobs and services , for the benefit of all australians . 
   best regards ,, 
  those pricks . 
  personally , i think they 're nuts . 
  no they 'll get stuck in the shields . 
  1 . go to [ dital ] ( http://evemaps.dotlan.net/map/devoid/dital#sec ) and wander into providence, 
  do n't do bad things, 
  make friends, 
  from what i gather , op wants you to report all 3500 members of test . 
  i guess i should start building manticores . 
  \\ #erekt, 
  \\ #narrativevictory, 
  ... starting from grade school . 
  is alphastarpilot old enough to drive yet ? 
  no worries . 
  what time zone are you in ? 
  maybe i can suggest some chat channels to get help from . 
  how about these guys ? 
  those guys are in my alliance and have more people online in ustz than we do . 
  this is autz prime time at the moment so we 'll all be asleep in six hours time .
