  hence , no work for close the three years . 
  same as eve . 
  loyalty stores are a net isk sink , but a net gain in value . 
  gallente booster should give extra rewards when playing on the gallente side , and extra rewards if you play against the gallente * and lose * . 
  alternatively , they 're making sure that anyone who views that video knows they asked permission . 
  i 'm okay with that . 
   out of curiosity : what is the ship used for in general ? 
  solo pwnage . 
  plus i 'll get to tk people who annoy the shit out of me . 
  no joke , this will reduce my stress levels a bunch . 
  `` ptfo you sniping pieces of shit . '', 
  \\* zorch \\*, 
  2007 goons would be ashamed to share the same name as 2013 goons . 
  free to download , free trial , paid subscription to continue . 
  you can get extended trials by clicking on a recruitment link ; when you subscribe , that player gets valuable stuff and it 's customary to share them with you . 
  ( you have to use the extended trial - wo n't work for existing characters ), 
  steam might be cheaper for the first month , or provide you with some cheap ships or something . 
  a few months back , i bought a few $ 5-for-the-first-month steam keys and handed them out to friends . 
  there 's no functional difference between steam and non-steam , and you can swap between the two since you 'll have an eve username and password that 's independent of steam ( if you want ) . 
  yes , although there 's discounts for long-term subscriptions to reduce the price . 
  in addition , if you have enough in-game currency you can buy game time from other players ; personally i have 8 months of game time stockpiled . 
  weeeeell , he does have a point . 
  eve is a complex game ; it 's not as overtly hostile as lol but there 's even more to learn . 
  i mean , i 'm not sure how many games have a [ three-volume fan-made manual ] ( http://isktheguide.com ) . 
  so if they 're going back on the goals that have been part of their culture since they started playing , there 's a reason for it . 
  hint : things look a bit different when you 're the king instead of the revolutionary . 
  cool . 
  i think i went through six trials before i bit the bullet and subscribed . 
  ca n't burn ; busy shooting pocos, 
  yes . 
  plex prices are high right now , so you 'll get a good price for it , so if you do n't waste the rest of the isk , you 'll be able to buy it back later, 
  edit this makes more sense when you were planning to buy +3 implants instead of +5 ... 
  alternatively , get into a non-terrible corp and someone may even give you a couple of +3 implants . 
  you 'd have to ask ccp . 
  they 're doing some crest related stuff for dust ; check out dust charts dot com for an example . 
  freighters are small enough to fit through gates because they were * designed * to be as big as possible but still fit . 
  i do n't think eve cares about your cargo when determining mass limits . 
  just ship plus modules plus any effects those modules have . 
  it could also be size related rather than tonnage , but that 's just hand waving of a different type . 
  yeah , i do n't consider +5 implants worth it , although perception and intelligence ones would be the only ones i would consider . 
  personally , though , just buy +4 and use the money you save to get an entire month of game time . 
  and zor 's , assuming they 're still called that . 
  animated forum signatures . 
  advertise on kugu , fail heap etc. 
  it already is a meritocracy . 
  whoever is the best politician gets the job . 
  well , payments of 50 or 100 million isk add up . 
  they often have a deal near each expansion ... 
  and/or talos . 
  start learning how to amazon web services or something . 
  so , corruption . 
  gervais principle references get all the up votes i can steal . 
  totally different rails than i was expecting . 
  strictly better , but not more powerful . 
  i 'll allow it . 
  caldari push began as soon as the fw event happened on the ground - way before test was allowed to join fw . 
  awesomex , even ? 
   woo lots of feedback so far , thanks guys . 
  we 'll need a bit of time to discuss all the comments with the team . 
  a couple of early tidbits though , basically stuff we have already discussed internally . 
   friendly fire, 
   i can see us also doing a max tk per battle as well as the standings penalties . 
  that was actually in the original design but we did n't include it in the notes here . 
  i think of all the numbers and mechanics , the friendly fire penalties will be the area that undergoes the most change based on player feedback and just how well it plays out once we go live . 
  we are acutely aware of how important it is to get the ff penalties in pubs correct . 
   eve orbitals, 
   on my todo list is to add kill mails for ob , lp rewards and improve the locating of battles . 
  we have some rough ideas for a battle finder in eve to help the fw guys out . 
  making the district name visible in the war barge should be possible as well . 
  ** we may do changing local for dust mercs in battle now that local is delayed and not leaking intel . 
  ** we will very likely allow connected eve pilots to talk and chat in the team channel . 
   no isk, 
   faction warfare right now will not be a sustainable career on its own . 
  there will be objections to this of course but we are doing it on purpose for some good reasons . 
  there is quite a lot of isk in dust and not a lot of things to spend the riches on , so items exclusive to fw as well as the progression in fw itself will be the motivation to spend some of that money . 
  when the secondary market comes online ( itshappening.gif ) faction warfare specialist should be able to maintain it as an exclusive career . 
  the other concern we have though is that faction warfare becomes more profitable in every way , leaving public contracts under populated . 
  we still want to continue working on matchmaking , levels , game modes and rewards for public contracts and with the current dust population having this starved for players would be a negative overall . 
  a healthy dust lifestyle in our mind includes playing a bit of public , fw and pc . 
  this may change as the game grows however and specialising becomes more sustainable . 
   with that all said , we are talking about this stuff early in the development and we 're very happy to have out minds changed so let 's keep the discussion going . 
  i resemble that remark . 
  eve isk is about 25 times easier to get than dust isk , btw . 
  so those best people would emigrate to the cayman islands or wherever and set up shop there . 
  it still would n't make a lick of difference to the 99 % of the country who ca n't afford them . 
  well , cuba is a bit unusual in that the state highly regulates what everyone is paid , and doctors happen to be in the highest tier so if you 're smart and capable , you 'll end up as a doctor instead of , e.g. 
  a hedge fund manager . 
  well , you could probably just swap the code for a [ game time card ] ( https://secure.eveonline.com/etc.aspx ) , which is ~ $ 35 . 
  * no competition, 
  * usually 1 or two ` jumps ' to highsec, 
  which ? 
  can still create a dust account to get passive training happening before purchasing a mic . 
  france is bacon, 
  you were there . 
  burn jita , 32 players at a time . 
  we should probably ask / u/chribbax about it . 
  5b is $ 130 worth of plex ... 
  basic plates are still op . 
  fast light and stealthy ? 
  try the minmatar medium and light frames .
