  challenge accepted, 
  those buy orders for mothers-in-law ? 
  margin trading scam . 
  even doing courier contracts has the occasional windfall when you realise that it 's better to ditch the collateral and just steal the package . 
  not quite . 
  * mining : flipping burgers, 
  * missioning : being an employee, 
  * incursions : being a high-paid consultant, 
  * exploration : drilling for oil . 
  occasionally you strike it rich . 
  * trading : being an investment banker . 
  you are the 1 %, 
  * being the ceo of a company and watching corp taxes roll in : being the ceo of a company hey wait !, 
  in wh space , there 's no risk of being hot-dropped by two dozen nyxes . 
  first thing i do is select all -  cut , so i can see what i 'm typing ha . 
  amusingly , it 's better to bridge your cap fleet in than to have them logged-off in-system , because the emergency-warp on caps is sooooo slow now . 
  now is a good time to be caldari ( in pvp ), 
  you 'll probably end up in a [ harbinger ] ( http://wiki.eveuniversity.org/harbinger ) , but if you have a bit more isk and do n't want to train battlecruiser skills yet , then an [ omen navy issue ] ( http://jestertrek.blogspot.com.au/2011/09/fit-of-week-omen-navy-issue-missioner.html ) might be a good choice . 
  even if you have a stock-standard omen , you might glean some insight from the fit . 
  cva and ushrakhan would like to disagree . 
   is it possible to scan down and point a ship after login , but before it can warp back to its original logout position ? 
  not sure whether the ship logs in directly into warp or has to align first ( but you do n't see it because your overview is also loading ) . 
  you could easily check on sisi using a freighter tho . 
  minmatar freighters and jump freighters are [ demonstrably better ] ( http://www.whiteroseconventicle.com/technology/83-freighters/926-minmatar-fenrir-fast-efficient-freighter.html ) if you autopilot anywhere . 
  the slightly smaller cargo-hold is less of an issue than you 'd think . 
  however , as previously mentioned , they 're all pretty good . 
  norway has a massive stash of money they got from oil , that they plan on using over the next hundred years or so . 
  many countries have sovereign wealth funds like this . 
  costello 's future fund is a small version of the same thing . 
  australia is a bit late to the party , but the resource rent tax is meant to do the same thing , in a smaller way . 
  good in a skirt . 
  nope , did n't get a chance . 
  the future fund was set up to pay all the government employees ' pensions , so it will have money coming out of it eventually , but in the mean time , it 's stashing money away fairly well . 
  such is the way of politics . 
  most do , some ridiculously so ( in fact , there is a scam that involves putting trash in a courier contract with a large collateral and enticing completion fee , then ganking you en route and pocketing the collateral ) . 
  however , there 's always someone who is [ lax with their calculations ] ( http://rift.chromebits.net/2010/11/i-call-hax/ ) . 
  tentonhammer has many guides along the theme of `` how to make '' . 
  it 's amusing that as soon as the `` how to make ~ ~ scourge ~ ~ trauma fury missiles '' article came out , the price crashed fairly hard for a while . 
  all t2 modules require t1 modules as inputs . 
  you can only look once you have accepted a packet . 
  and yeah , i would n't be surprised if that freighter pilot is an alt of someone else . 
  pfft , i 've seen boogie nights . 
  * everyone * is supposed to be on mark wahlberg . 
  i reckon you would have a credible degree of success in africa . 
  theyre both shield t3s vov . 
  am tempted to train up a few types of t3 myself . 
  here 's a link that works :, 
  if you 're after tech 1 tackle frigates , the caldari merlin is at least as good as a rifter . 
  no need to train minmatar just yet , 
  re covert ops ships : you wo n't regret being able to fly a stealth bomber , but it might not be something that you * rush * towards just yet . 
  as other posters have said , get the skills for your pve backbone first . 
  this means a drake , shield skills , and heavy missiles ( you can pvp in a drake as well , do n't let anyone tell you different ), 
  personally , i trained for battlecruiser  stealth bomber  recon , but i cound that while i could * fly * a recon ship , i could n't * afford * to lose one . 
  i do have various flavours of recon ships in my hangar and use them when the situation warrants , but to this day i usually fly battlecruisers when i go hunting , since they 're a third the price to replace . 
  as for black ops battleships ? 
  i 'll probably get one after i can fly a capital ship , since the skill requirements are 90 % similar . 
  can someone say ` wake up , sheeple ' so i can win conspiracy bingo please ? 
  at the very least , if you have 300 million isk worth of minerals to transport , use a courier contract instead . 
  this guy 's problems are many and manifest . 
  after a point , resists should be prioritized over raw armour plates . 
  200mm armour plating is for frigates . 
  battleships should be fit with ( multiple ) 1600mm plates . 
  he has a shield extender , recharger and booster . 
  the recharger wo n't do much because the ship 's shield amount is too low , and its resists are poor . 
  the shield booster is pointless because of the low resists , and the extenders are ok but are still a waste of slots , considering that all the low slots are also used to tank . 
  generally , you fit a shield tank and use all the low slots for damage bonuses , or you fit an armour tank and use the mid slots for useful pvp modules ( webs , scrams , propulsion etc ), 
  he has no propulsion module in nullsec . 
  he was dead as soon as he undocked . 
  he fit heavy missiles and railguns , which the typhoon has no bonus for . 
  heavy missiles , no . 
  1 . he has no rigs , not even the cheap ones . 
  in short , this is a ratting fit ( the cloak and the armor repper indicate this ) , but a terrible one . 
  that 's mostly fitch 's doing . 
  pop quiz . 
  you jump through a gate . 
  suddenly , gatecamp !, 
  do you, 
  a ) align back to gate , overheat everything and crawl back under fire , or, 
  what do you do ? 
  * what do you do ? 
  tanking shields * and * armour via passive buffering spreads your available power grid too thin , and you end up with two mediocre buffers . 
  tanking shields * and * armour via repairing spreads your capacitor too thin . 
  if you tank shields and armour , you have no modules left to actually do stuff . 
  this is fairly important , as it 's good to have your ship do stuff . 
  you can only tank one at a time anyway , so why spend effort on two types ( extenders , resistances , etc ) when you can work on making a single type better ? 
  even if you do tank both , and magically find the power grid for it , you do n't enhance the effective hp of the ship much , since generally the slot layout and uneven shield/armour split makes it imbalanced . 
  do not confuse dual tanking with passive shield tanking - you end up using all your low slots and mid slots to tank , but it is still a 100 % shield tank . 
  actual dual tanking is only good for bait ships . 
  it 's basically gambling in space . 
  you fly around , scan for signatures , do some pretty complicated maneouvring of probes to narrow the signature down enough to warp to it , then you kill a bunch of rats and hack cans like angelina jolie and make off with a deadspace shield repper worth 900 million isk . 
  and then you find nothing worthwhile for the next week . 
  btw most of the people i know who ` barely play ' eve end up doing exploration . 
  the rest do industry , since they can pretend that the manufacturing they do while logged out counts as playing . 
  many introverts find that dealing with people they already know is n't as bad as social interactions with strangers . 
  i got accepted at logi iv . 
  maybe you 're just not as handsome as i am . 
  except , you know , for the life-threatening mistakes you make when you 're tired . 
  but hey , that 's just the lives of other people . 
  no biggie . 
  at your age , georgia moffett already had a two-year old son .
