   traits, 
   destroyers skill bonus per level :, 
   10 % bonus to drone damage and hitpoints per level, 
   10 % bonus to small hybrid turret tracking per level, 
   25 % bonus to drone microwarpdrive speed, 
   development, 
   the algos , as is wont with the gallente , relies on swiftness of action - preferably at a respectable distance - to accomplish its goals . 
  in this it reflects well-honed gallente values , which include taking independent action without taking forever to wait for a committee decision , and also doing so , if at all possible , in a fashion that allows for a nice , safe buffer for immediate retreat ; because theory is one thing , and practice is sometimes quite another . 
   as such , the algos focuses on being able to hit its targets in rapid-fire fashion , with guns that fire fast and drones that race through space with destruction in mind . 
   traits, 
   destroyer skill bonus per level :, 
   10 % bonus to drone damage and hitpoints per level, 
   20 % bonus to energy vampire and energy neutralizer transfer range per level, 
   25 % bonus to drone microwarpdrive speed, 
   development, 
   the dragoon follows old religious tenets - ones thought rather dark by the majority of the cluster , but found perfectly normal by amarr minds - that to exist as god 's chosen people means fulfilling a very definite and often forceful role . 
  this includes not only imposing the will of god , often through the time-honored methods of mindless proxies , but also profiting , even being nourished , off the energies of others . 
   as such , the dragoon focuses on sending out a mass of drones , ones capable not only of swiftly hunting down their targets but also of inflicting tons of damage once contact is made . 
  moreover , the dragoon is able to drain the target 's energy in the meanwhile , all with the aim of leaving it little more than a trembling husk . 
   traits, 
   destroyers skill bonus per level :, 
   5 % bonus to light missile and rocket kinetic damage per level, 
   10 % bonus to light missile and rocket explosion velocity per level, 
   50 % bonus to light missile and rocket max velocity, 
   development, 
   the corax adheres to the well-established caldari design philosophy that there is strength in numbers , and that the messages sent to an enemy should be strong and unequivocal . 
  this applies equally to peace talks as it does to actual engagements on the battlefield - there should be no doubt in the strength of caldari spirit , nor in the fact that when one blow has been struck , others are going to follow . 
   as such , the corax does not pepper its opponents with pellets from a gun , nor does it toast them with continuous beams of light . 
  instead , it delivers strong , hard-hitting payloads at a pace that 's not only steady , but rapid enough to rock its targets and knock them off-balance . 
   traits, 
   destroyers skill bonus per level :, 
   5 % bonus to light missile and rocket explosive damage per level, 
   15 % reduction in microwarpdrive signature radius penalty per level, 
   50 % bonus to light missile and rocket max velocity, 
   development, 
   the talwar is redolent of the renowned minmatar practicality in terms of battle . 
  irrespective of numbers , firepower and circumstances , their strategy when engaged in combat often revolves around the same central tenet : stay untouchable as much as you can , either by sneaking around or rushing in , do as much damage as fast as you can , and get out before you get killed . 
   as such , the talwar does not come equipped to hang around forever on the battlefield . 
  it is built to rush around at speed without getting caught , and to hit very hard and very , very fast . 
   ore frigate '' ** dasher ** '', 
   traits, 
   mining frigate skill bonus per level :, 
   5 % bonus to mining output, 
   5 % reduction to gas cloud harvesting duration per level . 
   100 % bonus to mining and gas cloud harvesting, 
   +2 warp core strength, 
   development, 
   recognizing the dire need for a ship capable of fast operation in unsafe territories , ore created the dasher . 
  it was conceived as a vessel primed and ready for any capsuleer , no matter how new to the dangers of new eden they might be , who wishes to engage in the respectable trade of mining . 
   the dasher has amazing abilities to quickly drill through to the ores and gases it 's after , harvesting them at the speed necessary for mining in hostile space , and getting out relatively unscathed . 
   also early version of retribution login screen :, 
   probably this is not final , because station shadows are fugly and music still old . 
  i dont know why ccp included inferno asteroids in retribution scene again ( hopefully for testing purposes ) . 
  i , too , suspect the gallente description to be a ccp troll . 
   so can corps take empire space is my question, 
  they ca n't take true control ( denying you docking rights etc ) but they can take effective control ( blowing up your ship if you undock , regardless of whether their ship gets destroyed as well ), 
   '' secondary question ; what happens to dock stations when ownership switches ? 
  you ca n't dock , repair or change ship fittings if the new owners deny it to you ( they will ) . 
  you can sell and buy stuff on the market and make contracts , but anything you do n't want to sell will be stuck there . 
  i once got stuck in a station in fade in a pod and had to buy a ( shit ) fit hawk off contracts just so i could have something with an mwd to fly back to empire with . 
   can a station be destroyed, 
  not yet , but perhaps next year . 
  generally , assume that anything you park in a conquerable station is liable to be lost . 
  this is why many alliances have backup stations in npc nullsec space so they at least have enough replacement ships to attempt to retake systems that they are locked out of by the battle front moving . 
  i would n't be able to resist bombing those drones . 
  my corp did it for about six months . 
  we griefed everyone else in the pocket until they set us blue or moved out , put up a few pocos and did our thing ( level 5 missions ), 
  the lack of bubbles is not ideal , and unless you have 24/7 coverage people will get past your gate camp . 
  the important thing is to have everyone in the same fleet , so when someone says ( in voice comms ) `` halp i 'm being tackled '' everyone can undock and rightclick  warp to member and help out . 
  eventually we moved to npc nullsec because we do love our bubbles . 
  usually 12-strong battlecruiser gangs were the biggest organised stuff we 'd see . 
  occasionally someone would try to burn down a pos but we did some scouting and dropped some dreads on theirs and they decided not to pursue that series of actions . 
  not nearly enough of them . 
  blake has a list of [ industry-related papercuts ] ( http://k162space.com/2012/09/27/blakes-papercuts/ ) ; perhaps you could add some more suggestions ? 
  finally ccp marketing department can stop cutting their wrists from how many ` new ' ` players ' keep unsubbing within 60 days of starting ... 
  lesbian vampires are often drunkards . 
  for one week in four they 'd just drink each other under the table . 
  [ ccp fozzie wrote  ( http://eve-search.com/thread/155029-1/author/ccp#49 ), 
   we 're going to rebalancing all of the battleships , including the raven . 
  sorry for the confusion . 
   in case anyone has missed the overall plan from some earlier dev blogs , we 're going to rebalance every ship in the game , sprinkled with some new ships here and there , and once we 're done with that we 're going to start right over again and rebalance every ship once more . 
   so unless a meteor hits ccp 's offices or something you can always use [ this handy guide ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8rtbg.jpg ) when in doubt . 
  also , looks like tracking enhancers might be getting a light tap with the nerf bat . 
  this would probably be the only thing that would stop jita being the trade hub of the entire eve cluster . 
  t2 prices would skyrocket though , since getting off-racial moon minerals would be a massive pita . 
  for someone with a quintessentially british name , you do n't get british humour . 
  there 's also a couple in solitude , and a couple in lonetrek ; they 're all over the place . 
  i do n't think you appreciate the sheer volume of materials flowing into jita . 
  hundreds upon hundreds of freighters each day fuel the beast of industry . 
  france was gate-camping the [ maginot ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maginot_line ) gate , but germany bridged in from a cyno in [ ardennes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ardennes_forest#world_war_ii ) and that was that . 
  actually they had a much better intel network . 
  killmail-whoring at its best . 
  my understanding is that gallente use damps so that caldari ships ca n't snipe them until they get into blaster range . 
  i also am led to believe that caldari use ecm because they 're massive faggots . 
  unbonused damps are 45km +90 km falloff . 
  if they 're further away than that , just get a better warp-in . 
  there 's an entire blog about stuff to see in new eden :, 
   shoot me a pm if you 're interested, 
  what damage type would julia gillard do ? 
  and yet you did n't take the hint .
