  so , for reference , the big mushroom-shaped titan-class ships in the screenshot could be sold in exchange for about 13 years ' worth subscription to eve . 
  for a minute there , i thought it was a scene from ender 's game . 
   details ? 
  it 's one of the dust templar bpo pack codes . 
  t2 launchers benefit from specialization skills , so you can do up to 10 % more damage even using the same ammunition . 
  in addition , they can use t2 missiles , which in the right situation can be really useful ( e.g. 
  scource fury heavy missiles are great to fire against battlecruisers and battleships , since they deal 30 % more damage than a standard missile against large targets ), 
  pl as caught up a bit in the titan-killing stakes , but i suspect they 'll still be 35 extra titans down when it 's all tallied . 
  his normal behaviour is always revenant . 
  wrecks disappear , lost in time like tears in rain . 
  i quite liked * salt water * . 
  yes only tech 2 launchers , although faction launchers deal about 14 % more damage than tech 1 so they see some use . 
  was it nyain san ? 
  hit me up for a trial and find out . 
  i think rubicon is like the twenty third free expansion . 
  ah , fair enough . 
  yeah , i 've seen them team stack a few times . 
  generally , when that starts happening i tend to switch game types or pop into faction warfare for a while . 
  generally i stay away from amarr and caldari faction warfare for that reason . 
  that was your first mistake . 
  [ how bout this ? 
  ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_zxmgpymc1rs/tpfsefcrcri/aaaaaaaaabe/ynbc8gpkaek/s1600/vindybig.png ), 
  disregard downgrades, 
  acquire currency, 
  sorry , sold for 250 million dust isk . 
  i have another guy on the waiting list if i find others , but you 're next in line . 
  i wonder what part of the game needs ai ... ... ... ... ... ... 
  edit : jesus christ have you not heard of rhetorical questions, 
  you 'd be surprised what kinds of jobs you 'll take when the alternative is `` oh , you wear glasses ? 
  you are obviously an intellectual ; take him away , shoot him then bill his family for the bullet '' . 
  how else do you know to alt-tab back to eve , unless you have the low shield/armor/structure alarms on ? 
  today 's [ eve china sov map ] ( http://dl.eve-files.com/media/corp/veritechina/c20140120.png ), 
  you could try using hours for plex to reactivate your character for four hours , then use that to get your api key working again ( you may need to make new keys ), 
  i thought there was a corp finder ? 
  in eve , you 're not a fighter pilot , you 're a starship captain . 
  picard does n't grab a joystick and dodge phasers ; he says `` make it so '' and it just goes . 
  in smaller ships , you can eke an advantage by manually piloting by doubleclicking in space , if you need to slingshot out of stasis web range or whatever . 
  in larger ships , it 's a case of `` align to planet four , target the primary , assign drones to your screening frigates , overheat guns , set to autofire then let 's see who has better logistics repair or can scan down the lead ship and get a warp-in to the middle of your fleet for the brawler battleships to dismantle your skirmishing fleet '', 
  depends what you 're looking for . 
  at your stage of playing , eve university or brave newbies are probably good choices , but if you 're after something different like industry , then you may need to look for something a bit more niche . 
  there comes a point where being in eve uni is more of a hindrance than a help . 
  that point comes sooner when you 're doing industry . 
  test freely admits it 's terrible at this game , which boosts morale . 
  if test screws up : `` lolol we 're terrible at eve , no big surprise '', 
  if test does n't screw up : `` lolol you guys got killed by the worst alliance in eve '', 
  historically , goonswarm did this too , except it does n't really work any more . 
  attempting to be the underdog does n't work when you are , in fact , the overdog . 
  specifically , see rush service . 
  it 's entirely possible that you 'll stay in your existing corporation and they 'll subcontract stuff to you . 
  many freight companies do that . 
  it shows up every time minimum wage is discussed , just like the fallacious comments it rebuts . 
  i see 75 % . 
  i guess it varies by industry . 
  to be honest , you get a lot of potential entertainment for twenty bucks a month ( more like $ 12/mo if you subscribe for a few months at a time ), 
  < x  coin : the rl phaser inc, 
  it does . 
  your stockpiles got bigger in number but the same volume . 
  you mine heaps more units of gas , because each unit is smaller . 
  reactions now spit out heaps more units . 
  manufacturing now uses heaps more units . 
  in fact , it 's a bannable offense . 
  fly to npc null sec and use those stations . 
  did you start eating shell fish or something ? 
  leviticus 11:10 : no shellfish, 
  leviticus 19:19 : no blended fabrics , no cross-species genetic modification either . 
  if you want to keep the same name , you 'll have to delete the trial character before you start again on the extended trial . 
  o wait, 
  incursions . 
  got another code if you 're up for it . 
  whichever ones i do n't tell you about . 
  in australia , the minimum wage starts off low when you 're 15 , but increases to its full amount by age 21 . 
  this allows teens to actually get jobs over more experienced staff , but as they get older and get on more of an equal experience compared to adults , their cost to the business rises as well . 
  ( it works really well ), 
  i disagree !, 
  ^ ( some of them are narcissists ), 
  [ not at all ] ( http://www.lisaescott.com/forum/2009/06/22/narcissist-or-sociopath-whats-difference ) . 
  tldr ; narcissists need other people to validate them - they 're the ones surrounded by yes men . 
  sociopaths do n't need other people to validate them because other people * do n't matter * ; it 's like seeking approval from your wheelie bin . 
  there 's a lot of strategic thought put into nullsec warfare . 
  you 're just not privy to it . 
  well , they could always start mining bit coin ... 
  thx, 
  they 're only 30k each ... 
  once you get good at industry and trading , you can plex your account without logging in . 
  yes , still have a templar code available . 
  if not isk , then how ? 
  plex is fine . 
  um , according to [ spero escrow services ] ( https://forums.dust514.com/default.aspx?g=posts&amp;t=83727 ) , 600m eve isk = 65m dust isk , but frankly that 's ridiculous - it means 250m dust isk needs 4 plex . 
  i 'll do it for 2 plex . 
  i 'm easy ; either way . 
  ok , cool . 
  do you have a dust character name ? 
  ok i 'll arrange for a corp mate to post in the code bazaar section of the dust forums so it 's all legit ( ccp will punish scams in that forum ), 
  slave implant sets are expensive (  2b isk for a high-grade set ) but the set bonuses accumulate to a +53.6 % boost to armour hit points . 
  that 's a fucking massive boost to survivability on a supercapital ship , especially an armour-tanked one . 
  no such implant set exists for shield hp , so supercaps have naturally gravitated to an armour-tanking doctrine . 
  hi guys , now that there 's a separate subforum for this , i 'm moving my sell thread there :, 
  but then they would fall apart because there 's nobody to fight . 
  i suggest buying, 
  * cybernetics skillbook ( about 70k isk ),
