  5m isk | your self respect . 
  choose one . 
  tech 2 ammo has +40 % range compared to t1 , so if you 're thinking ` wow projectiles just do n't have much range ' then you may be surprised how t2 guns fare in comparison . 
  personally , i think all of the races have viable battleship platforms , as long as you commit to tech 2 guns on them . 
  blasters really are that good , but at punishingly short range . 
  well , the range is a bit better with t2 ammo . 
  if you like kiting with auto cannon , perhaps the tornado is more your style . 
  eve uni is n't too bad with the basics ; sometimes it gets out of date with suggested ship fittings though . 
  so what you 're saying is that this election result is even more remarkable . 
  visually ? 
  not that i can think of , although there have been some really subtle lore events ( like ccp spawning a single abandoned ship in a wormhole full of sleeper data , that someone popped not realising what it was ), 
  i do n't know the source , but / u/rhavas should remember , 
  it 's all accounting tricks . 
  they front loaded a bunch of losses in their last , horrific quarter just so they could post better numbers now . 
  airlines hedge their fuel costs precisely to avoid fuel spikes in either direction . 
  ca n't you click the images for the full resolution ? 
  if you do n't hand these out at the next eve down under , i will be disappointed in you . 
  tumblr restricts images to 1280 pixels in its longest dimension i guess . 
  i thought you were an aussie . 
  yeah , ground vehicles are fine with keyboard . 
  drop ships are so so . 
  assault drop ships are impossible . 
  step 1 would be to find a moon worth mining ( i.e. 
  moon minerals that at least pay for the fuel use ), 
  step 2 would be to take it from whoever currently owns it , because if it 's worth mining , someone will * be * mining it . 
  so , you have some homework to do first . 
  ask here ; i 'm more likely to answer . 
  ccp ` zero shades of ' greyscale, 
   ccp mankiller, 
  oh , i finally got the joke . 
  hmm i used to regularly small anything larger than a frigate in my talos , granted that it had bonuses . 
  large blasters with null means you can confidently project out to long point range . 
  barrage is similar ; it provides a good level of damage out to a decent range , especially with a tracking enhancer . 
  this is important when you 're talking about large ships like battleships . 
  maybe cap transfer ? 
  since you ca n't use slave sets anyway ... 
  or copy mike devoids spreadsheet . 
  either way . 
  a single planet doing pi seems wrong . 
  generally the idea is to have four planets extracting bulk p1 , which you then feed into a massive silo + factory farm to make into p3 . 
  you should be able to clear 15m/day with this setup , with a low total time expenditure ( probably the most time would be spent flying around in a stabbed industrial ( whichever one has the pi cargo hold ) ferrying p1 to the p3 customs office . 
  the actual management of the planets can be done inside a pos . 
  there 's a reason that louis pasteur gets a mention in the history books . 
  pasteurization was a seriously important invention . 
  / r/new _ eden_link_bot, 
  as soon as it leaves the teat , you 're on a short clock before it becomes unsafe . 
  it 's probably that all the shattered systems have the same type of star that caused the apocrypha shattered systems . 
  if it 's good enough for google , it 's good enough for the soe . 
  more ccp caption guy . 
  check his post history , he has done stuff like that previously . 
  how did the this is eve trailer not do this already ? 
  eve time code dot com accepts bit coin . 
  engineering degrees have paid intern ships . 
  it works fine , because employers like graduates who are n't terribly inept . 
  sad ? 
  you should be tumescent . 
  choose twelve . 
  bow heads are expensive , niche and boring . 
  confessors are cheap , accessible and fun . 
  station trading is actually fairly high on the risk/reward curve , since it 's entirely possible to lose money on the market rather than the steady income of primary production or wage-style activities . 
  most low-interaction players gravitate towards mining , industry , or planet farming - the rewards are n't as great , but the risks are generally lower ( barring accidents like being mugged in your mining ship ), 
  the point is that woolworths still get the sale , except if costco is closed they get extra margin . 
  i would n't say it 's illegal but price matching is incredibly beneficial to established companies in a market , at the expense of new entrants . 
  only if you manage to get a buyer . 
  why not the other way around ? 
  smoke detectors that are wireless access points ? 
  the market is pretty flooded right now , and there * are * only a few dust players to start with . 
  i could live with that . 
  get off my lawn is by definition an alliance of older gamers . 
  it 's called nationalisation . 
  businesses get incredibly upset when it happens . 
  the following was a paid advertisement brought to you by rick 's mortuary services : `` you hack em , we stack em . '', 
  [ caracal , noob tubes ], 
  experimental sv-2000 rapid light missile launcher, 
  experimental sv-2000 rapid light missile launcher, 
  experimental sv-2000 rapid light missile launcher, 
  experimental sv-2000 rapid light missile launcher, 
  experimental sv-2000 rapid light missile launcher, 
  large subordinate screen stabilizer i, 
  large subordinate screen stabilizer i, 
  limited thermic dissipation field i, 
  limited kinetic deflection field i, 
  experimental 10mn afterburner i, 
  beta reactor control : shield power relay i, 
  beta reactor control : shield power relay i, 
  hornet i x2, 
  scourge light missile x2000, 
  ( rig to taste , probably core defence field purgers for more regeneration ), 
  will pop smaller stuff , might take a while to beat down battleships . 
  if you have better skills , you should be able to use hmls and kite :, 
  [ caracal , hml ], 
  heavy missile launcher ii, 
  heavy missile launcher ii, 
  heavy missile launcher ii, 
  heavy missile launcher ii, 
  heavy missile launcher ii, 
  adaptive invulnerability field ii, 
  thermic dissipation field ii, 
  large shield extender ii, 
  large shield extender ii,
