  if you want to complete the all hero challenge , chen will turn up sooner or later anyway . 
  yeah not bad , but you need to be more specific to show off your knowledge . 
  9/10 , did n't mention aws greengrass, 
  a security breach in the making . 
  ugh , ec2 is so * 2016 * , 
  in my experience , it 's the * non * - grocery food that wrecks the budget . 
  and ? 
  i mean , if you express an unpopular opinion , then you got ta expect to be unpopular . 
  but if you say things in a misleading and derogatory way , then why be surprised if opinion sours even further ? 
  dude , i enjoy a spot of tinfoil like the best of them , but your inference is implausible even for me . 
  it 's an age old philosophical issue . 
  in modern times , the approach seems to be `` the government can not prevent you from speaking * but other people do n't have to tolerate it '' and quite frankly , i 'm fine with that . 
  not all points of view are equally valid . 
  * note that free speech varies from country to country . 
  in australia , it 's geared more towards political speech rather than the us style, 
   this is again implying there 's something wrong with being gay, 
  no , it 's implying that there ' something wrong with being a * hypocrite * . 
  idk i save a lot of money buying non perishable stuff on special, 
  expert giving expert advice . 
  what a monster . 
  to each their own . 
  i think i have a dozen boxes of tissues , six cartons of washing powder and a huge pack of toilet paper in my laundry cupboard . 
  i 'm unlikely to throw them out . 
  actually i added polipay to the web site of an asx100 company . 
  it was a security and liability nightmare then , and it 's just as bad now . 
  i have refused to use poli ever since . 
  if you put carrot ( or beans i guess ) through a food processor , you can use it to bulk up mince in a healthy way . 
  or a `` i already voted '', 
  at night, 
  that 's a separate and valid concern , but not appropriate right here , imo . 
  this is how lc successfully duels abaddon . 
  maybe you mean crucial , pivotal or essential ? 
  worse than the band playing the borat theme to kazakhstan at the olympics ? 
  either way , we 're not precious about it . 
  australia and new zealand are friends . 
  heck , our constitution has a provision allowing them to join up as states of australia if they feel like it . 
   stick 25k into super per person per year, 
  ( note : this would include compulsory employer super . 
  do n't go over this limit ; it will cost you in tax ), 
  make them waste those tp scrolls . 
  tp to * another * lane and push it , preferably with your team ( since they ca n't get all their team to the new lane ), 
  ideally , every team fight you win should be turned into an objective . 
  maybe you do n't get the entire tower killed , but if you chip away at it , force some tp scrolls to be used , then switch lanes ( or shrine then switch lanes ) then the enemy team will constantly be chasing you around the map , or walking through your wards into ambushes . 
  then you 're pushing too far , and unsafely . 
  understand that lanes naturally push one way or another due to how many ranged creeps there are on each side . 
  if you clear a wave or two , your lane creeps will stack up and the lane will naturally keep pushing all the way to the tower on its own . 
  you * do n't * have to push all the way to their t2 , and if their team is off the map and your team is n't nearby , you are going to die for it . 
  push while you feel safe , then back off . 
  drop a ward and tp to another lane . 
  or go to the jungle for 30 seconds to keep off the map for a bit . 
  or take a team fight , knowing that if you win , you can go back to that lane with a huge creep wave and take the tower . 
  or push all 3 lanes to create space and sneak in a rosh kill . 
  depends on the hero . 
  some heros like storm and slark are gankers ; they kill the enemy , and their teammates take objectives because nobody is alive to stop them . 
  you generally need someone else to take objectives ( although you can cut waves behind the tower and let your creeps kill it i guess ), 
  some heroes like terrorblade , dk and death prophet are burst pushers ; they have ultimate abilities that make them temporarily strong , so they 're very objective-based . 
  their play style is `` pop ult -  take teamfight or tower while strong -  retreat while ult is on cooldown '' . 
  these are the kinds of heroes who wait for a teamfight to break out elsewhere and then take 2 towers while everyone is distracted . 
  other heroes like naga and tinker are pressure pushers ; they keep all lanes pushed , keeping the enemy on their side of the map and enabling their team to pick them off and use the space they create . 
  they do n't take any one tower quickly , but they will choke off any enemy map control and grind them to death just by their play style . 
  then you have rat heroes like clinks and np , who can pop up where a lane is * already * pushing close to a tower , nuke it down in a few seconds and escape . 
  if this is your hero , then you need to be opportunistic . 
  tbh i think you could benefit a lot from watching some high level ( 5k ) players play some position 1 or 2 heroes , to understand their thought processes in a typical pub setting . 
  what do you think ? 
  maybe pick a ganker that can push , like clinks . 
  this guy plays a lot of roles , and i learned a lot from how he describes what is happening and what he has to do to win . 
  plus it 's all pub games so you see how he deals with some seriously toxic players from time to time . 
  it was * not * 30k on top in recent years . 
  you need 40 games of solo international ranked to swap . 
  similarly for party international ranked . 
  civil liberties & information technology party . 
  i think it just rolls off the tongue . 
   say i become disabled and ca n't work any more, 
  ... then you 'll fall back on your income protection insurance , right ? 
  because you 'd be foolish to risk losing $ 100k + per year for the rest of your working life on one bad car accident , right ? 
  / r/learndota2 instead pls, 
  we 've tried that a few times . 
  turns out it 's logistically easier and more money-per-second to ship ore as close to the consumer as possible , rather than value-adding before transport . 
  most of the countries we export raw materials to have huge factory chains that take in ore and spit out tractor parts , so intermediary steps are actually not desirable to them . 
  seems like a nice perk if you draft something like tb or dp , but hardly a combo the way huskar + oracle is . 
  you 're not the target audience of this post . 
  has anyone done a comparison between the retail funds offered by vanguard vs blackrock vs et al ? 
  should be called ** free/love **, 
  3 years sounds a bit low ? 
  anuxinamoon : `` we sold ten thousand sets ! '', 
  day9 + purge : `` how much money did we make together ? '', 
  anuxinamoon : `` only $ 10 '', 
  day9 + purge : `` this is an outrage !, 
  workshop creators should be paid a fair share of cosmetics revenue !, 
  to youtube ! '', 
  anuxinamoon : just as keikaku, 
  eve online 's used to employ a phd in economics . 
  he 's running a university in iceland now instead . 
   the only thing i 'll really say is `` ursa will you please not overextend next time '' , and then go back to being quiet . 
  assuming this is the extent of your communication issues , ^ which ^ i ^ strongly ^ doubt , here is a tip i learned from a pre-school teacher, 
  * suggest positives , not negatives , even when it means the same thing . 
  * say `` play safe '' instead of `` do n't overextend '', 
  * say `` enemy team is missing '' instead of `` we do n't have vision '', 
  * say `` can a core take farm top '' instead of `` why is n't anyone depushing the wave '', 
  they 're more like a moderator .
