  my ranked calibration games were amongst the most unpleasant games of dota that i have ever played . 
  also i lost pretty-much all of them . 
  after i calibrated ( much lower than i expected ) ranked became fun again , although still more serious than unranked . 
  i ca n't tell you whether to calibrate now or later , but if you still enjoy playing unranked and are n't upset that nobody is tryhard and you 're still  50 % win rate , then i do n't see why you 'd calibrate early and be forced to slog through those low-mmr games . 
  gizmodo , like kotaku , have credible oz offices , regardless of how mediocre the american versions are . 
  then you 're a rarity . 
  you rarely see anyone reach an average of 500gpm until you hit 1500-1800mmr . 
  heck , as 1200mmr i pay attention to anyone  450gpm . 
  i have played many games where we let one guy who 's good at farming loose , and he comes back 2 items up and teamwipes us until they win . 
  i guess you 've maxed that out for your mmr then . 
  i guess work on something else now ? 
  could be anything . 
  could be positioning , less yolo deaths per game ( especially when your farm means you 're highest net worth ) , or map awareness , or even knowing when your team is going full retard and deciding whether to roll with it or whether to split push and rat . 
  maybe it 's worth getting someone good to review one of your games and tell you what to focus on . 
  genius !, 
  barely legal tender, 
  solution is to take to the empties with a hammer . 
  consumers can fix this problem themselves . 
  the movie ending to the prestige is much better than the book , according to the author . 
  i mean , that 's anyone after 30 minutes in the australian sun . 
  it depends what you want to learn . 
  i mean , our do n't need to know computer science to make a web page , and you do n't need advanced statistical analysis to choose what to invest in . 
  it does help if you 're doing more advanced stuff though, 
  i 'd be satisfied with making pl okay again . 
  it bought out eagle boys pizza , so yeah , it 's probably more of a thing than this time last year . 
  the changeover is in progress . 
  auto cast q ? 
  idk he seems too reliant on his q as it is . 
  tell me more about this flying boat . 
  did n't oo just get nerfed ? 
  cheeky as, 
  and receive alch phantasms in return . 
  load up that guys dota buff and watch some of his games as replays . 
  instant 500 mmr, 
  you could drop 100 ranks in the best techies list and still be better than all of us on this website, 
  never mind the buff cocks, 
  fuck , i just sold telstra three days ago, 
  witch doctors hate him, 
  i guess you need to wait at the small camp at :30 . 
  if it 's blocked , walk to the hard camp and stack at :54 , then try to pull the next wave . 
  if it 's not blocked , then you can stack if you think the hard camp is blocked , or pull through if you think it 's clear to do . 
  and the entire map, 
  also if op is semi-retired , the increased dividend income from australian stocks ( compared to us stocks ) is probably welcome . 
  do n't forget putting some of that into super as well - obviously put a larger fraction in , the closer you are to retirement age . 
  read the terms and conditions closely - some of them are quite restrictive or end abruptly after 12 months etc. 
  they plan to change that , if they have n't already . 
  needed the liquidity . 
  it was only 5k or so . 
  * e boosts his q if active, 
  * q * charges * e if not active, 
  you two are in violent agreement . 
  can you mark them on here to show us ? 
  * bloodstone gives you mana regen , and not much else . 
  you have no survivability if you rush it early , and if you get it as 4th item it does n't do enough for its cost . 
  you 're better off with a perseverance - it comes online sooner and builds into something more useful . 
  * people go manta because they like stats , and they already had a yasha . 
  the illusions are worthless , but it 's sometimes useful to break from silences , but mostly it 's because it 's a yasha upgrade . 
  since 7.0.0 i lean more towards mask of madness over yasha on medusa . 
  * rapier rush can really work , but its very risky . 
  * for me ? 
  wand/phase/aquila then a farm boost item ( mael or madness ) then perserverance into skadi into linkens . 
  after that it 's up to you - butterfly or whatever might be good , idk, 
  clearly they need to up their game, 
  i wonder if they 'll swap talents to different sides once they focus on them . 
  it would be nice to have all the `` dps/carry '' talents on the left , and all the `` offlane/support '' talents on the right . 
  in some cases it wo n't be clear-cut , but 90 % consistent is a lot better than the 50/50 split at the moment . 
  in some cases it 's already done : for instance , the left-hand leaves of the ogre magi skill tree are all about the in-your-face fireblast/rightclick/aghs roamer , while the right-hand leaves are suited towards the long-range ignite/bloodlust support style . 
  death cost is a lot lower now . 
  guess it 'll be me curled up in front of ~ ~ a dumpster fire ~ ~ twitch tonight . 
  i guess there 's always desolator, 
  you can tell by the l. 
  [ [ life from the loam ] ] ? 
  does it work tho, 
  what are the yearly dues for same-sex unions ? 
  i already have my secretary filling out homosexual agendas for each of my meetings , and i 'm not sure my business can afford the overhead . 
  it 's a common way to grind out against land destruction , especially against decks that will pack artifact hate in the side . 
  plus , it lets you ghost quarter them back whenever you want , and combos with [ [ world breaker ] ], 
  why not get a normal massage and ask the masseur for a recommendation afterwards ? 
  seems much less risk prone than going to a random person without a referral . 
  kids grow faster when they 're asleep , too . 
  it 's always been ridiculously difficult to get funding approval . 
  pretty-much anything non-politically-motivated that ends up getting funded is going to be stuff that 's important to research , just because of the darwinian selection process . 
  sharesight free tier has cgt reports . 
  many brokers , like cmc , come with sharesight integration . 
  am considering picking up some mvs . 
  * small cap index , which vas does not cover, 
  * only indexes companies that pay dividends , which cuts a lot of shit companies, 
  * 0.49 % management fee , which is a bit rough compared to ijr ( 0.12 % ) or vso ( 0.30 % ), 
  idk, 
  / r/therewasanattempt, 
  idk about other brokers , but cmc sends me an email when :, 
  i submit a trade offer, 
  cmc accepts the offer and posts it to the asx, 
  when my order is filled ( or partially filled ), 
  when the contract note is ready for payment, 
  part 4 also goes to my margin loan so i do n't have to worry about payment . 
  presumably it also goes to sharesight . 
  sharesight free tier is probably not enough for a day trader since it only tracks 10 stocks at a time . 
  if you 're day trading i guess it 's worth upgrading to a professional tier , which lets you integrate with xero and all the other benefits . 
  what * does * the wool worths ?
