  come for the spaceships . 
  stay for the drama . 
   to put them down permanently, 
  you mean , some kind of final solution ? 
  why not join the pie orbital support channel and have a steady supply of amarr players requesting help ? 
  iceland 's currency controls might be behind the cash ratio . 
  logistics dropships are no longer in the game . 
  there are only militia , standard and attack dropships . 
  militia dropships are , what , 30k isk ? 
  well worth buying a dozen or so and learning how to fly ( at least well enough to get you where you 're going ), 
  not yet ; probably in 1.8, 
  i do n't know ; worked for me last time i used it , which admittedly was a while ago . 
  sometimes i think industry was designed for people who just have no rl time to play eve , but still want to accomplish something when they 're not logged in . 
  then he should learn to, 
   quote stuff . 
  i got mine second-hand for $ 100 vov . 
  [ vov ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=vov ), 
  i think it 's more likely that carbon got commissared than dust514 . 
  you can love your drones ; just do n't *** love *** your drones . 
  this is an excellent idea . 
  geo location , choice of isp , denial of service , spy auditing , and that 's just the low hanging fruit . 
  a link to the rutgers web site showing that the researchers are legit would be a good idea . 
  you can re-specialize into amarr assault when uprising 1.8 drops . 
  the benefit of slower heat buildup is quite stark - i have one point in laser rifle , and a standard lr only overheats when my ammo reaches 20 . 
  how heavy ? 
  are we talking freighters full of minerals , or freighters full of 425mm rail guns ? 
  for all its weirdness , dust 514 has a coherent approach to sound :, 
  so , why do n't they change focus from dealerships to factory warranty mechanical service providers , since apparently that 's where the money is ? 
  spy auditing is illegal ? 
  [ citation needed ], 
  note that alliance members ca n't access the storage space in labs , so it 's really only useful for alliance blueprint research rather than copying or invention . 
  so there 's valkyrie 2 , and 3 etc ( or rather , paid dlcs ) . 
  is that so bad ? 
  especially when a dlc can be as simple as another single-player campaign and a couple new weapons or ships . 
  compare and contrast with : x-wing series , wing commander series . 
  tldr ; how the gameplay works is well-known via demos . 
  how it ties into the eve universe is n't , but speculation is that there will be historical campaigns rather than tying into the current eve cluster . 
  a lot of europeans emigrated to australia post-war , to work on the [ snowy mountains hydro system . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/snowy_mountains_scheme ) . 
  no you do n't . 
  really ? 
  maybe raise a support ticket . 
  other countries have notes whose [ size matches their denomination ] ( http://banknotes.rba.gov.au/vision_im.html ) . 
  it 's pretty pro , you should try it . 
  yeah i had some banked already . 
  gal logi is equipment fitting + active scanner duration . 
  if you use active scanners , they 're great . 
  if not , you wo n't get a bonus , that 's all . 
  that would be scouts ( specifically the gallant scout which is stealth recon , and caldari scout which is anti-stealth recon ) . 
  gallente logistics has a minor role as scout suppression , but the main benefit from its bonus is making it impossible for medium frames to hide from its scanner . 
  either you do n't lose anything , or you gain 30 % . 
  it 's a no lose situation . 
  [ part one ] ( http://failheap-challenge.com/showthread.php?12731-once-upon-a-time-these-guys-took-the-meta-seriously ) was excellent too , btw . 
  something something $ 200000 worth of titans, 
  i have heard this mistake * literally never * . 
  after insurance it 's a fraction of the cost . 
  part of the attraction to [ fleet-up ] ( http://fleet-up.com ) is that your entire corp can get accounts , which makes management of your corp or alliance easier . 
  if wacktopia wants to fly to cobalt edge and 1v1 my shitty corp of people who do n't undock , i 'll send him an invitation . 
  personally , i would n't go above drop uplinks iii ( i.e. 
  a drop uplink that lets you have 2 active at the same time ) until you really have a lot of spare skill point . 
  yeah they 're pretty good for picking up war points . 
  nanohives are also good - probably only worth getting to iii for the time being ( or perhaps iv so you can drop armour-repairing hives , but i think you only need level ii to drop compact hives so perhaps you will be satisfied with those instead ), 
  all prototype equipment is relatively expensive , so most people just run with advanced level if they do n't need to . 
  how badly do you want that sidearm ? 
  might be worth staying amarr just for that . 
  looks like you need to do some market analysis first . 
  tried making cynos ? 
  if you have an orca , then use a hulk . 
  this is a good start . 
  did you include the skill bonus in your calculations ? 
  + modifier means it 's easier for whoever has control , to keep it . 
  so , you 'll see that most contested caldari systems have a negative modifier , and most contested gallente systems have a positive modifier , because caldari appear to be terrible at dust . 
  you call it antagonising people . 
  i call it compelling player-made content creation . 
  one account ! = one character . 
  no ; just the number of plexes needed to tip occupation . 
  just bear in mind that link submissions to themittani.com are [ banned from reddit ] ( http://serpentinelogic.wordpress.com/2013/09/16/booda-sends-his-regards-themittani-com-banned-from-reddit-for-vote-gaming/ ) after vote-gaming . 
  all things considered , a university environment will be the most open minded , regardless of which country you 're in or come from . 
  yes , and they 'd probably do it better than this woman 's attempt . 
  is ccp mimic dutch ? 
  ca n't place the accent . 
  pro synergy eve has a loot buying service . 
  fair enough , although i do n't usually have a problem fitting stuff ? 
  e. g. 
  logistics a/1, 
  assault scrambler rifle, 
  smg, 
  3 x complex shield extender, 
  1 x complex profile damp, 
  2 x basic plate, 
  flux scanner, 
  injector, 
  so an ultra large corporation would be best . 
  tried the various reddit corps ? 
  or safari 'd . 
  up to you , if you 're so keen on uplinks , an amarr logistics suit might be best . 
  even then , the suit bonus might make prototype links redundant . 
  why assault scrambler ? 
  because i do n't have aim assist . 
  i 'm mostly annoyed at rr because they 're strictly better than the laser rifle .
