  just put them in a station and let your corp mates make their own copies . 
  for the sake of conversation , let 's assume you 've put stuff like component blueprints in the tower instead of something stupid . 
  just set them to have view ( but not take ) access to the blueprint hangar . 
  bonus safety , lock them down . 
  that money goes to private health companies . 
  it does n't get magically ploughed into hospitals . 
  probably not worth it if it was only a trial . 
  as a kbm player , you 're laughably incorrect . 
  kbm has n't dominated since chromosome patch . 
  with the right skills you do n't even need to dock ... 
  ok what about audit log containers then ? 
  wo n't stop theft but will tell you who did it . 
  i think you link the permission a title and set that on them . 
  well all i can say is that my kdr has never been above 5 since uprising hit . 
  it 'll be patched out soon enough . 
  just chill . 
  the cynic in me suspects that the queensland government already knew this would happen and gave the go ahead to the project just because it was politically easier than canning it . 
  you can put together a large shield booster fit with five launchers . 
  it 's not as much damage but you can sleepwalk your way through anything . 
  needs more t3d . 
  mate , all time zones are vulnerable on the weekends . 
  yes , because planets are different radius , and you pay a certain amount per km . 
  well , you might not be newbie enough for brave . 
  perhaps test ? 
  there 's always a constant supply of all items due to people who are bad at math , or just like to build stuff and do n't care if they 're making money or not . 
  tech 1 ships are notorious for this , but there are many items that are this way . 
  couple that with low demand for some of the random blueprints you get from exploration , and you have a recipe for negative margins . 
  ah , i was waiting for the alan jones connection . 
  you 're only moments away from death . 
  ^ ( just like everyone else ), 
  depends . 
  you know that collateral is refunded when you deliver the contract , right ? 
  aside from that , you can easily reach a value of 900m isk in 70km ^ 3 just by shipping a couple of t2 ships . 
  hell , i set up a 600m courier contract just a few hours ago and it only came to 18m ^ 3 . 
  not even satellite internet ? 
  i know the ping is high , but you could just role-play someone living in australia . 
  i was called a chink in the late 80 's , and they fucking meant it * then * . 
  it 's not intentionally positive if you do n't live up to * those * stereotypes either . 
  if it were a white person it would be `` oh , bob is shit at maths '' or `` johnno ca n't dance for shit '' and that 's the end of the conversation . 
  however , imagine being continually picked on for being the asian who scrapes a c in maths , or constantly being paid out for being the black guy who ca n't jump . 
  does n't matter whether whether it 's positive or negative , it 's pre-emptively judging someone based on what they look like instead of just * treating them like a normal person * . 
  * shrug * people take the contracts so it 's clearly worth it for someone . 
  i just put 100k per jump , which works up to about 500m collateral . 
  then again i rarely shift more than 15km ^ 3 at a time . 
  also , there 's a lot of bad books in that genre . 
  i know , like , one good romance author and she 's pretty niche . 
  disabling gatekeeper was all it took for me :(, 
  you might find a corp that suits you in / r/evejobs, 
  `` grr goons '' is a phrase ~ ~ coined by ~ ~ primarily used by goons to deflect criticism . 
  `` oh , that guy is just grr goons , his opinions do n't matter '' . 
  does it get used to shut down stupid arguments from stupid people ? 
  yes . 
  does it get used to dismiss sound arguments that show goons in a bad light ? 
  yes . 
  it is what it is . 
  ah , that explains it . 
  she [ got in ] ( http://www.courtneymilan.com/call.php ) a different way . 
  i received an nbn letter today . 
  one might say that i 'm mildly stoked . 
  tldr ; no . 
  anecdotally , it 's not uncommon for soldiers in commando-style units to have little containers with compass/knife/fishing hook + wire/speed/etc just to be prepared . 
  he really does talk like gevlon . 
   i think that they 're keeping quiet this year , because of the backlash last year . 
  well , it * was * a really big backlash . 
  as a rule of thumb , you probably wo n't want to contribute to super until you 're in the second-top tax bracket . 
  that 's very w-space . 
  ah , spy network as well . 
  very eve . 
  i suspect that the decision was made before rouge was hired , and he was not happy with having to announce it when he did . 
  a few people stepped up but he has n't followed through . 
  there are no functional differences between the races and bloodlines , aside from the options available when sculpting a character . 
  any racial skills can be trained up by anyone else with about 6 hours of skill training . 
  did he also vow never to let us down ? 
  they are only on the market in certain regions . 
  bring back / u/aradon, 
  delegate aggressively . 
  my corp does , but only for pub matches . 
  sounds like a recipe for adopting kids from third world countries . 
  which is fine , but game theory says otherwise . 
  only the most terrible of universities would need to cut prices , so none will for fear of devaluing their degrees . 
  conversely the big 8 will raise fees to the max because it sends a signal that they are the best . 
  so really , deregulation just means ` most unis raise their prices to the new max , but nobody ever cuts prices ' . 
  i 'm in real estate arbitrage . 
  one could say that the business is in its infancy . 
  if you want to punish labor as well as the liberals , leave them off your ballot ( assuming you 're in a state or territory that allows you to ), 
  / r/evedreddit is pretty cool . 
  i still read his posts about dota2 despite not playing the game . 
  that 's how much i like his writing . 
  he posts all the time in / r/learndota2 . 
  the alliance tournament has something like that , driven by crest . 
  i think you could do something a bit similar if kill mails recorded coordinates of the people involved . 
  maybe ask fox four ? 
  he still posts on failheap . 
  i love it when he and malcanis try to out-csm each other . 
  indeed . 
  source : am asean . 
  you know that people will be plexing your account just to keep you subbed right ? 
  well , i do know a few alliances that are n't choosy . 
  does that count ? 
  stop posting .
