  [ source ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvbcttrpd0a ) , for the youngsters, 
  subtle . 
  kent state of the union ? 
  ok , so we swapped out the old mj for bruno mars . 
  who will we get to replace * him * ? 
  he 's 4 years overdue . 
  a part of china close by to india . 
  i wonder why a location on the spice road would have spicy food . 
  we do ban people with developing brains from drinking alcohol . 
  mastiff . 
  not even once . 
  ugh , that guy annoys me . 
  and they better be careful when it comes time to sell the house . 
  you must love your wife a lot to put up with that wtfism . 
   however * sadly * , as many have noticed , most recently maddelisk , the female teams do n't `` move on '' to the regular league, 
  tennis seems fine with it though . 
  no , only the one that procced . 
  that 's not how statistics work, 
  rookie mistake, 
  l in this context means lakh , which is 100k . 
  1l inr is about $ 1600 . 
  viofo [ a119 ] ( https://dashboardcamerareviews.com/viofo-a119/ ) is good . 
  could get earlier versions ( a118 etc ) if you want . 
  op is probably the same kind of person who gets sad at olympic records being broken . 
  it does . 
  glaives do n't though . 
  i think that if you 're an accountant , it should make it easier to * immigrate * compared to an unskilled person , but not easier for 457 visas . 
  457 should be for urgent need , the skilled list should be for ` kinda need , at least you are useful ', 
  we already have a way for unskilled foreigners to pick up short-term ( < 12 months ) work . 
  it 's called the working holiday visa , and it 's only issued once per person . 
  it 's already used in the fruit picking industry , bar industry and others , and allows you to pick up casual work wherever you can . 
  it 's not the best solution for an unskilled migrant , but i think it 's reasonable for a country to be super-picky when it comes to accepting migrants , since we have to make up for have no control about what kind of drongos * are * born here . 
  not to disrespect that guy , but a phlebotomist is just someone who is trained to draw blood . 
  it 's not as skilled as a nurse ; about as skilled as a dental assistant . 
  if you auto cast one , only that one triggers . 
  if you autocrat both , both trigger ( and cost mana for each one ), 
  if you manually cast one , * both * trigger , which is probably not what you expected . 
  i never said that accountancy was n't an important skill . 
  however , is it an * urgent * skill ? 
  the research suggests that the key problems are, 
  * lack of graduates, 
  * too high requirements by employers ( and or bad applicants , or a mixture of both ), 
  * competition with off shore . 
  none of them will be solved by hiring 457 visa holders , especially since its unlikely for a 457 holder to have experience in the skills required . 
  slardar too . 
  night stalker . 
  dazzle 's heal bomb pushes a * lot * on a creep wave that 's clashing . 
  it 's a 140hp nuke to their melee creeps ( sometimes double or triple that if they cluster ) and tops up yours by up to 140hp . 
  restoration is more likely to be skilled to a lower level than shadow wave , so it 's probably 16-32hp / second . 
  nice , and it keeps the one or two creeps who are taking damage alive for a lot longer , but it does n't help push the wave directly . 
  generally , given the high mana cost and slow acting nature , a wd who wants to push the wave will walk up , cask , then go back into fog where its safer . 
  tbh they do n't need as many staff when their capital construction projects are finished , compared to just operating them . 
  `` where are our customised engine trails ? '', 
  nice . 
  i did n't think small claims went all the way up to $ 10k . 
  also , we finish counting that night , or within a day or two . 
  you 're right , but that would n't help here . 
  oil already has a super profits tax . 
  if the price is n't high to start with , the super profits tax does n't even kick in . 
  he 's saying that it 's better to have positions of great power held by random people , than the power-hungry , inept or otherwise . 
  under normal circumstances , you 'd pick dp over lesh because they fulfil similar roles , but dp is more powerful . 
  i guess at the 5k tier , lesh is picked less often , but when he is picked , he 's deliberately picked for a specific reason , maybe as a control combo ( e.g. 
  telekinesis into split earth ) , or as some tech against invisible heroes ( w and r affect nearby invisible units , so if you dust a bh who has greaves , you might still get a kill ), 
  on roaming riki , definitely . 
  veil is good to boost his armour . 
  dispelling buffs and debuffs is useful , but you need to have a good reason to purge someone * just * for that . 
  things you purge off deliberately are things like ghost scepter , urn , mjolnir and runes ( dd , haste ) . 
  what was the inflexion point for the interaction between those ? 
  leaving out the fact that the tft is probably easier to administer . 
  i have seen a professional a few times . 
  * once when i was starting my career and found i had money building up in my bank account that i did n't know what to do with . 
  advisor helped a bit with investments , which ended up being fucking atrocious because he was * fucking inept * . 
  expensive lesson , rip one car-worth of losses . 
  * once when i set up my income protection insurance and life insurance , because with a mortgage and family on the way , i needed cover for death ( pay off mortgage , do n't necessarily need much more since wife could work and get on with life ) , as well as incapacitation ( have friends in wheelchairs and other issues that suddenly ended their careers , shit gets expensive but you are n't dead ) advisor set me up , explained what amount of insurance i needed and why , and did some tricks like making the life insurance fall under the ip insurance so the entire thing was tax deductible . 
  * again a few years later to check whether everything was ok . investments were glossed over because i had that in hand . 
  super was rationalised , plans were switched , insurance inside vs outside super was analysed , and my insurance plans were updated ( insurance companies like people to keep old policies even if they release newer ones to meet more competitive times ) . 
  a smaller difference than i expected , but less paye tax is taken during the year so i guess accuracy is improved as well . 
  uh , you do know that the philippines is just as bad for random acts of corruption . 
  i mean , they do n't even wait until you 're out of the airport ; it 's a common scam to slip a couple of bullets into your luggage , then a security guard ` happens ' to catch it on x-ray and encourages you to pay them money for the problem to go away . 
  well , the local balinese are * not * muslim , and are scornful of the ( usually-muslim ) people who come over from java because their pushiness scares off the tourists , and they do n't have to live with the fallout since they can just get back on a boat and go back to their own island . 
  maybe not enough australians go to the philippines for the media to cover it . 
  it happens enough for pinoys to [ warn their computer-game-playing friends ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/dota2/comments/4kclpm/for_those_going_to_the_manila_major_aka_the/ ) when tournaments are hosted in their country . 
  it has been said that x-men spinoffs have grossed substantially more than recent * actual * x-men movies . 
  oh yeah , we ca n't forget duterte harry can we . 
  ask them ? 
  the two ways it could go are :, 
  1 . it counts as a cg event , so if you put in $ 90k and the price rises to $ 100k before you switch to wholesale , you get a $ 10k cg event , but the wholesale fund 's cost base is now the full $ 100k, 
  2 . it does n't count , in which case your cost base is $ 90k and you 'll pay tax on that extra $ 10k when you cash out of the wholesale fund rather than when you switch to it . 
  either way , ask them . 
  only if he realises you 've hid it . 
  by now you should 've somehow realized what you got ta do, 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's more about the hot models . 
  that does n't sound inherently unsafe . 
  after all , the people who set it up are the same people who will use it , so they have incentive to do it properly . 
  i 'd be more worried about cutting corners with the concrete mix , like when the earthquake made dozens of childcare centres collapse and kill all those infants . 
  i assume this is for your sideboard , since it 's a terrible maindeck card . 
  is it really any better than [ [ magma spray ] ] ( instant ) or [ [ red sun 's zenith ] ] ( recurrence ) ? 
  it just seems super narrow , and surely you 'd attack dredge another way ? 
  it 's entirely possible they wanted to do a good job , but were not up to the task . 
  i 've seen it from other multibillion-dollar corporations , why not ibm ?
