  this , too , takes time . 
  time for the host country to get used to them . 
  it wo n't directly stop it happening , and it wo n't make it more visible to the authorities , but if it does happen to a minor , someone will go to gaol . 
  it 's not perfect , but it 's an improvement . 
  he can voice his opinion . 
  others are free to view it as off topic and vote accordingly . 
  bonus level : defined benefit scheme * in the mining industry * . 
  it 's a techies game ; you should realise you need illusions to scout or trigger mines , so you should skip sange entirely and focus on manta . 
  scenario :, 
  * you have a rum buff after a teamfight, 
  * someone is chasing you, 
  * you need to survive ( your team catches up , you reach a tower , whatever ), 
  with armlet :, 
  * when activated , you get ~ ~ +400 hp ~ ~ 5 0 0 h p , but you have 50 % reduction from rum so it 's a massive ~ ~ +800 hp ~ ~ 1 0 0 0 h i t p o i n t swing when you toggle it . 
  * when not activated , you 're probably at 1hp , but that 's fine , because the rum damage is non-lethal so you drain it away safely, 
  so toggling armlet is really effective . 
  on the other hand , raindrops will let you blink out of euls , so shift-clicking * might * let you avoid the stun . 
  snoop does , but it 's blunt . 
  even better, 
  for most types of pancreatic cancer , you 're dead within 6 weeks of being diagnosed . 
  subaru parts can be expensive though . 
   i 'd say cultural appropriation in real life is probably insensitive . 
  we should probably discourage it . 
  it strongly depends on the cultural significance . 
  imo white people can wear cheongsams just like chinese people can wear western wedding dresses , because it 's not really a sensitive thing . 
  however , if you put on a first nations war bonnet , you better approach that with the right attitude , because they see that as a sign of disrespect . 
   is it worth maximising super contributions ? 
  extra money you put into super wo n't be available to you * until you retire * - that 's not ideal at your stage in life if you have more important things you want to do with that money before then , like buy a house or pay for school fees . 
  you need to balance money you may need in the next * 45 years * , vs money you wo n't need until then . 
  revisit this once you reach the next tax bracket ; maybe salary sac for a small amount per year might be more attractive then . 
   how do i get into investing in the stock market ? 
  * open an account at an online broker like the ones linked on the sidebar, 
  * transfer money to that account, 
  * decide what to buy ( this is the most important step ), 
  * use web site to buy and sell shares, 
   is vanguard the way ? 
  it 's * a * way . 
  many people like it because it removes some risks to investing due to averaging the returns from the entire index , and it does n't cost a lot of money in fees . 
  index funds are the type of investment that you can feel fairly confident with large chunk ( like 40 % + ) of your portfolio in . 
  vanguard just happens to be a famous , large , old company that offers a lot index funds . 
  shadow blade also applies a huge buff to damage on the first hit , which combos well with tide bringer . 
  how is pms better than stout for tanking creep waves ? 
  that explains the ear thing . 
  that seems like an insignificant amount of damage though . 
   should i maximise them too in australia ? 
  only when you can afford to , and it does n't get in the way of other things . 
  if you 're on $ 100k , your compulsory super is $ 9500 , so you 'd need to salary sac $ 20500 per year to max it out . 
  that 's probably not realistic though . 
  did n't he use it to dodge alchemist stun ? 
  matter of fact , i 've got it now . 
  unless you pass the ato personal services income test , the tax office will consider you an employee anyway . 
  you wo n't pass . 
  usually you can get someone to be an umbrella company for you if you want . 
  probably costs a couple of thousand a year for one , but they will handle billing etc. 
  btw i hope the rate is decent . 
  my rule of thumb is for each $ 100k/year of the equivalent permanent salary , you 'd expect $ 80/hr , and scale accordingly . 
  sounds about right . 
  just read the contract for liability . 
  indemnity insurance can be costly if it 's something you need . 
  if you are sued , would you like to lose your house or work unpaid for two months to fix something ? 
  best to find out whether you need it before the shit hits the fan . 
  it 's not just that , you have to, 
  * be paid on results rather than time, 
  * bring your own tools and, 
  * be responsible for fixing your mistakes, 
  it 's a lot harder to pass now than it was in the past . 
  it 's not blocking , it 's realising that if you are paid by the hour , you do n't get the neat tax tricks that builders and doctors get access to . 
  there were a lot of normal people with shell companies that avoided tax by keeping income in the company and other shenanigans . 
  the tax office rightly wants to discourage that . 
  yes , it 's not * quite * as good for you , but it 's better for australia . 
  it 's split on historical lines . 
  if you immigrated as a result of tiananmen square , or even earlier , you have much different opinion of the chinese government than someone whose family 's wealth came from recent years and now wants to settle here ( or buy overseas property just in case ), 
   i clearly remember that they said everything was going well, 
  no , they said `` we 've had more submissions than this time last census '', 
  which makes sense , since last census , all the forms were still being mailed back to the via aus post . 
  omni plus od is still a good combination though . 
  the zoning player and the offlane should be the lowest level . 
  next is the pulling support, 
  carry should get free farm and all lane experience . 
  ( sometimes it 's okay for zoning support to leech xp if he needs to prevent the offlane getting close , but that 's just unavoidable ), 
  hard moral support, 
  imo , $ 5000 is probably better in one etf , so rebalancing is moot . 
  use the next chunk of investment into another etf , then worry about rebalancing . 
  switching mouse buttons is nowhere near as common as just using your left hand and learning to use your middle finger to left-click . 
  it 's okay on medusa, 
  yasha replacement . 
   it appears that your not allowed to ask for any kind of opinions/advice . 
  you can ask ; however , you wo n't receive * actual * advice ; just people talking on the internet , which is less reliable than people talking at a barbecue . 
  it might , however , give you some ideas to research yourself , or ask an * actual * advisor about . 
  walk / skate / bike / bbq, 
  what are some other key selection criteria ? 
  is ig chess sponsored though ? 
  why 's that ? 
  opaque intent is their defining characteristic , 
   same with acdc, 
  citation needed, 
   just block the small pull camp, 
  i 'm so deep in the trench that blocking that camp is n't even necessary . 
  bind `` pulling creeps '' to your chat wheel . 
  that will help them understand .
