  such hassle . 
  * if someone gets hurt trying to stop a robber , we 'd pay so much compo that it 's cheaper to let them steal it, 
  * replacing employees takes a lot of training time , but we can always get more money by raising petrol prices for a day, 
  * our marketing staff say that it will hurt our equal opportunity campaign if we make working at a servo more dangerous than it is already, 
  * unions have been sniffing around , so let 's not let them get a foot in the door using this issue, 
  it 's not real exhibitionism unless you hold up signs like skating judges at the olympics . 
  let 's face it - your pos 3 or 4 can pick up the vlads while you build for damage . 
  the ` super easy ' options inside amp super are index-based . 
  do n't you wait until the [ shop ] icon lights up before you buy stuff ? 
   once you have enough attack speed you will attack in between the omnislashes . 
  even beforehand , you will still get * some * attacks ( less than 1 per slash ) , as long as you do n't switch targets too often . 
  sofa so good . 
  if your draft is light on stuns , you might already plan to get basher . 
  in that case , you should get vanguard since the upgrade path to abyssal blade is smooth . 
  have you considered choosing a hero with strong team fight ? 
  win those 5v5 fights and suddenly the enemy has to fall back to their plan b. 
  it does say that you have to play 40 ranked games before you unlock seasonal ranked , so that will, 
  * pre-calibrate most people , and, 
  * discourage alts ( since you have to buy a battle pass on the other account ), 
  basi is for aquila or vlads . 
  if you do n't plan to build one of them , then you 're probably better off skipping it , or let your lane partner provide the aura to you . 
  catch up with a few levels from your living away from home allowance . 
  echo double back stabbing ? 
  that explains it . 
  so everyone will get the attack speed slow as well ? 
  that seems like it would upgrade his ultimate a fair bit . 
  can you consume the extra compendium ? 
  i read somewhere that it gives you 65 levels . 
  not according to anyone i play against . 
  if you play a lot , you 'll probably get 50-60 levels via quests etc. 
  is there anything in particular you want beyond that ? 
  if there is , buy the level 50 now . 
  if not , just enjoy completing the challenges with the level 1 battle pass . 
  if you sell off the items you get , you will recoup most of that expenditure . 
  if you have never bought a battle pass , it 's worth it once , just for the experience . 
  no recycling into charms this year ? 
  looks like the quests are better this time around . 
  no saving up for radiance , just smaller items with easy build up like echo sabre and treads . 
  same one as winter battle pass ? 
  yyyyyyellow everyone, 
  if you try hard you can get to level 60 by playing lots . 
  past that , paying for levels or being very lucky with chests are the only realistic options . 
  no , it 's more like 125 . 
  you may be able to get there if you do all three tiers of the quest lines , including optional ones . 
  it 's a lot easier with the level 50 compendium though . 
  about two per day , assuming each win is a challenge completed . 
  well , if you recycle all the duplicate sets you could probably do it straight away . 
  only ~ ~ biting ~ ~ [ * sucking * ] ( http://blog.dictionary.com/bug-vs-insect/ ) insects are bugs . 
  the memeistry of sound . 
  i hope my kids never find out i play eve online , then . 
  it gets exponentially harder the more you have . 
  one is fine . 
  one parent has child , other parent does rl stuff . 
  two is ok . one parent is constantly chasing two kids , other parent does stuff . 
  three or more is insane . 
  you are outnumbered , and there is only one hand free between the both of you , if that . 
  your only hope is to have older kids mind younger kids while you get something done . 
  any game with a pause is fine . 
  ftl , shadow run returns , etc. 
  this one ? 
  should be 10 charges per month, 
  the school my kids go to already has a sliding scale based on which year they are in . 
  this calculator does n't provide meaningful data for that scenario . 
  come to think of it , there 's only so many private schools in australia . 
  one would expect to just choose a school and a year and let the magic happen . 
  hire boggo road jail for a night . 
  run tours , get catering in , etc. 
  the only stretch goal is `` more than last year -  three more drops '', 
   ** new ** high-water mark, 
  each year , dota 2 fans the world over join together to raise the largest prize pool in all of esports . 
  this time , if the pool surpasses last year 's total of $ 18,429,613 , every battle pass owner will be granted three ' * trust of the benefactor * ' treasure rewards . 
  each of these new treasures will offer a chance to receive a 2016 immortal treasure , a random hero set , an arcana set , or an ultra rare chance at one of the following limited-run prizes : [ ... ], 
  i think it 's more about hormone changes while pregnant than breastfeeding . 
  me too - i notice it the most on hero-specific hotkey configs . 
  well , he can doppel over it i guess . 
  i ca n't even manage to do one of those , and he does all 3 ? 
  much respect . 
  hi sir it 's me , your dad . 
  or both . 
  it wo n't break the bank . 
  my disbelief has been sorely tested in the last year or two . 
  check the [ wiki ] ( http://dota2.gamepedia.com/the_international_2016_battle_pass#external_links ) . 
   let us buy treasures, 
  you can buy levels , which gives you treasures . 
  it 's no coincidence that , on average , you will get 1 immortal treasure of some description for each 10 levels of your compendium . 
  no , that 's eve online . 
  there needs to be a workshop item for this . 
  this week has been an average of 28c in brisbane . 
  at some stage it will actually start being winter , but not today . 
  an x ping and a alt click on the missing hero is sufficient . 
  that 's one of the best things about manta style . 
  you push the lane with illusions then disappear from the map by jungling . 
  they were called that because they were so pale you could see the veins through their skin , unlike peasants who worked outdoors and were tanned . 
  max shackles is for drafts with friendly heroes with burst damage . 
  shackles into ursa or sky or zeus might result in a kill every time it goes off cool down . 
  as an aside , if you use yasp you will get better analysis of your games . 
  there 's a temptation to pre-emptively coat hangar if a girl is detected . 
  it 's an interesting topic that i suggest you [ read up on ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/female_infanticide_in_india#reasons ) , but in short, 
  * father of the bride pays the dowry , this is fucking expensive if you are poor, 
  * women do n't bring in income like men , which sucks if you are poor,
