   do you need a pos to make , upgrade , and copy blueprints ? 
  blueprint originals must be bought from the market ( or via contracts , since once you build from or research a blueprint , it can not be repackaged for sale on the market ), 
  you can make copies or research blueprints anywhere there 's a free research industry slot . 
  in practice , this means lowsec or a pos unless you like waiting a month between jobs . 
  some people skip the whole problem and just buy copies from the market ( cheap max-run bpcs are ~ 150k each ) because invention slots are a lot easier to come by than research or copy slots . 
   how hard and costly is it to make t2 blueprints ? 
  depends on the skills , but a max-run bpc ( 150k ) + some data interfaces ( say , 2 x 100k each ) with average skills gives a 40 % chance of inventing a ten-run tech 2 copy . 
  this means the average cost per successful run would be ~ 90k + build cost , at the expense of a fair bit of effort . 
  go look at fuzzworks for more details . 
   is copying bpcs a good way to make money ? 
  depends on the bpc . 
  many of my corpmates go afk for a few weeks and come back to see cap ship + component bpc packs turn up in their hangar . 
  having an industrial corp with a blueprint library researched to absurdly-high levels is a big advantage . 
  hey wow , we got a district again too . 
  * remote capacitor transmitters ? 
  * remote tracking computers ? 
  * remote shield boosters ? 
  * armor ~ ~ honeycombing ~ ~ layering, 
  * rigs being moved around into other groups, 
  : popcorn :, 
  yes , also looks like all the alliance tournament winners get a thing too . 
  i can make more t2 modules in five days via invention than an entire month 's worth of t2 bpo manufacturing . 
  so yes . 
  does it have ecm drones now ? 
  invention :, 
  * 270,730.63 ( me-4 ) + 45,831.00 invention cost, 
  * = 201,875.07 isk/hour @ pe-4, 
  t2 bpo :, 
  so a t2 bpo gives 2.5 x the profit rate of a single line . 
  however you can run ten invention lines easily , which shoots you way ahead of a bpo , especially when you also use multiple characters on the account . 
  t2 bpos do not have that luxury . 
  i heard it was a good match ; great to see it in person . 
  certain radio announcers push this . 
  the answer is obvious . 
  sarmatiko is a wizard . 
  let me get this straight . 
  ccp were told of this exploit twelve hours after they wrote the original dev blog , and only now is anyone looking at fixing it ? 
  no ; just means that anti-eon corps will concentrate on non-teamplayers districts instead . 
  teamplayers has 67 districts ; the rest of eon has 65 . 
  everyone wanted fights , so they 're getting them . 
  if they want less ringing , then they should schedule multiple districts during the same timer . 
  the musterbrand stuff is pretty decent , actually . 
  newman did it ; what do you expect ? 
  does that include single-sex schools as well ? 
  i would vote him * so hard * . 
  as the brother of someone with quadriplegia , thanks for the national disability insurance scheme . 
  no question to ask you ; just , thanks . 
  i think the pharmacy thing is a bit more nuanced than you think . 
  the economists i read have said it 's actually a good , obvious way to save money without harming patients . 
  deal with it . 
  sincerely , the rest of the world . 
  what 's the ets ? 
  chopped liver ? 
  being pro guy marriage can lose you more votes than it gains . 
  the other half is getting elected . 
  hope he 's good at that , too . 
  it 's like when rudd was in the strip club . 
  sometimes you just got ta make it rain . 
  maybe he 'll only post after noon . 
  not labor , just progressive . 
  i mean , if you think things were fine back in the olden days , i have an atari 2600 to sell you ;-), 
  abbot proof duck . 
  celebrate them ? 
  half the time you elect them president . 
  i 've heard that before . 
  cosmos missions and data centres . 
  apparently the americans make a distinction between the plant and the seeds , hence why they call it strange names . 
  seconded . 
  british pants . 
  depends how much he tacks to the right after the election . 
  assuming you can even get through a wormhole while sieged up . 
  that 's more of a wargame than a roleplaying game . 
  unless you pretend to be a space marine or something , i dunno . 
  oh , wait , there 's already a [ space marine rpg ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warhammer_40,000_roleplay#products ) . 
  i have some of the source books ; free to a good home . 
  i 'll take a look later tonight , but quite a few of the dh ones and one or two rogue trader books . 
  * dark heresy, 
  * purge the unclean, 
  * disciples of the dark gods, 
  * gm screen + gm kit, 
  * the inquisitor 's handbook, 
  * dead stars, 
  * ascension, 
  * damned cities, 
  * tattered fates, 
  * the radical 's handbook, 
  that is an awesome series . 
  him and bluedragon 's osl . 
  100 % or gtfo . 
  no , only if the npc nullsec region is the home region of a pirate faction . 
  no ; only about five regions in null sec have broken true sec . 
  * delve, 
  * fountain, 
  * venal, 
  * i dunno , wherever the angel home region is . 
  hence the five thirty eight blog in the usa . 
  * roan . 
  delta green . 
  usually october or november . 
  so excited about scram rifle range - always sad when i get sniped by tacs without being able to respond in kind .
