  eve calls this `` compelling , emergent gameplay '', 
  yeah , but their clock in/out system shows him clocking in on monday morning , and clocking out tuesday afternoon , so by that logic he should be paid extra , not less . 
  we 're like 400ms latency . 
  at least this way the playing field is more level . 
  you have that already . 
  it 's called split shot . 
  at university , we called someone bob because a guy was drunk and forgot their name , and the nickname stuck . 
  l i t e r a l l y f u c k i n g, 
  i 'm not 100 % sure whether the entire article made sense . 
  if only young union members were known for activism . 
  aa ultimate also stops the main benefit of morph to strength , because he wo n't gain health . 
  did you even look at kunkka ? 
  i hoped for a pudge set called something rotten in kislev . 
  it 's true to the warhammer world . 
  if the money value is the same and you do n't care either way , do what would make your family happy . 
  coke zero and rocky road, 
  samarco 2 in middle park has a wide selection of good food . 
  i quite like their vego stack . 
  except jeff . 
  poe 's law is kicking my arse in this thread . 
  madness does n't have as much move speed bonus , it 's just worse for farming compared to other things , especially on a hero with spin . 
  when your country has to wait 99 years to get their island back , 19th century treaties become twentieth century issues . 
  keep buffing it , patch after patch , until it 's op . 
   electronic dance music usually based on a slow hip-hop beat and incorporating hypnotic synthesized and prerecorded sounds, 
  [ m-w ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/trip%20hop ), 
  ctrl-click wards on people to share one with them, 
  binding a key to `` summons but not hero '' allows you to send manta illusions up a lane easily while you go elsewhere . 
  there 's a video floating around of an interview with a descendant of new australia . 
  it was interesting to hear what a 19th-century aussie accent sounded like ( a lot like south african , without the dutch influence ), 
  as far as farm accelerators go , i have seen both mom , hyperstone and casual maelstrom builds , but you probably do need something more than split shot to keep up . 
  dusa rarely builds hp regen items early ( unless you go early bottle or soul ring , which is relatively uncommon ) so lifesteal is nice . 
  mom synergises with mana shield 2 ways :, 
  * lifesteal so you can turn off mana shield and face tank occasionally , saving mana, 
  * shield ameliorates the disadvantages of its active , since you take 25 % more health damage , but since only 40 % of all damage even reaches your health pool , you really only take ( 25 % x 40 ) = 10 % more with the active on . 
  * plus * you 're lifestealing . 
  edit : also , it means you can use soul ring whenever the hell you want , if that 's your thing . 
   the snake can jump on units in the fog of war , but not on invisible , invulnerable or hidden units . 
  however , since it has a travel speed , opponents can often dodge it by moving away . 
  if you think that 's a possibility , it 's probably to target the hero first instead of hoping they stay still until it bounces to them , since that way you 're guaranteed to get a huge chunk of mana back . 
  everyone loves the dream 5xbounce into the enemy midlaner , but unless you 're on max mana and are willing to take a gamble , it 's better to play safe and leech mana from the enemy instead of rolling the dice for that huge nuke . 
  yeah that will happen a few times , but after a while , especially against ranged heroes , they 'll back when they see the cast animation ( or when they think it will happen soon ) and you might get 3 bounces and miss the hero . 
  in that case , if you can , it 's better to target the hero imo . 
  obviously , situations differ ( if they 're already out of mana , if you really need the nuke more than the mana , etc etc ) , but that 's the kind of calculation you should be doing in lane . 
  i could see taking mom with you until you 're 5 or 6 slotted . 
  it 's good mid game , because it gives teamfight presence and accelerates your farm . 
  however , it 's still useful later , because it gives the ability to trade a tiny bit of tank for some decent firepower - sometimes medusa 's problem is that enemies target everyone else then mop you up afterwards . 
  this is an option that 's not available to you if you , e.g. 
  pick up a casual yasha instead of mom . 
  * dusa illusions are terrible ( no + damage , no mana shield , enemies ca n't confuse them for the real dusa ), 
  * manta gives you stats , but is overshadowed by the fact that it costs a lot of mana to activate, 
  * it dodges silences , but dusa is resilient enough that silences are n't usually a problem, 
  manta is usually built because you have gone the yasha route . 
  if you go mael or mom , there are alternatives that are better , like, 
  * admit that you want tank , and get skadi, 
  * admit that you want regen + raw hp , and get bloodstone, 
  * admit that you do n't like single target spells , and get linkens ( just do n't rush it ), 
  magic wand charge gain radius : 1200, 
  if you walk away from pa , it 's possible to get daggered without getting a stick charge . 
  blood stone is the same kind of thing that heart is for other heroes . 
  a bit of raw hit points and a lot of sustainability . 
  do you have a chat wheel or keyboard binding for `` coming to gank '' ? 
  communication is key . 
  but that 's a good thing . 
  ripping off content without attribution is a dick move . 
  pretty sure it 's a troll . 
  example, 
  financially bankrupt meets morally bankrupt, 
  that 's fine , but it 's useful to have a pre defined list of useful items in the shop sidebar instead of what i can only assume is a random list courtesy of the default build . 
  fly safe for work, 
  i just saw it in my news feed and figured i 'd share it . 
  getting vacation practice can be pretty difficult without leads , let alone graduate positions . 
  60 % in vgs is not too bad - after all , the us market + eu market is more than 60 % of the world by market cap . 
  assuming $ 100k to spend though , you might find that a 50/50 vts/veu split has lower fees than straight vgs . 
  i strongly suspect battle cup will be a thing in future battle passes . 
  if you die ** while ** spamming suicide , you might respawn immediately and die by accident . 
   how does the interaction between painter 's servant and spells with devoid work ? 
  probably the same way `` flying '' vs `` loses flying '' continuous effects work ? 
  more to the point , valve is not even tangentially involved in transferring third-party bets around , unlike hats . 
  can we refrain from asking people to dox others please . 
  that 's a big swing, 
  if he does n't need all the money between now and retirement , putting the rest into super is a good idea . 
  * after-tax money put into super means you do n't pay tax on the interest it accrues inside super , or pay tax when it comes out . 
  * extra pre-tax money put into super means you only pay 15 % instead of whatever your normal tax is . 
  why not just set up an automated transfer each pay cycle , to put $ 100/week into a separate savings account ? 
  we take dose . 
  guzmans brekky burrito , complete with sneaky hash brown . 
  you 're borrowing $ 80k ( but actually get $ 79340 due to setup fees ), 
  fees are : $ 77x12 = $ 924, 
  just the monthly fees alone add 1.16 % to the effective interest rate ( give or take ), 
  hmm . 
  that 's cool , but nobody cares about what percentage the fees are of your house deposit - they care about how it affects the * loan * . 
   intelligence, 
  percentage wise , it might be similar ... 
  e/w/e / max q is common, 
  interactive brokers is quite cheap as well, 
  that 's not what they were saying before , though . 
  there are some things that do not go well with msg , like egg . 
  we changed governments a few years back . 
  the current conservative government is no longer interested in preserving it . 
  olgas are really , really good , as is king 's canyon and other areas of greenery in the red centre .
