  well , the rapier helped . 
  you know you can leave stuff on the courier right ? 
  that 's the prime place for dust . 
  tldr ;, 
  * vr is new territory, 
  * being first is less important ; still being there after the initial bloodbath is . 
  * the future is mobile vr , but * how far * in the future ? 
  diversify your bonds , yo . 
  i hope they 're better than the last lot of eve comics . 
  they were quite disappointing . 
  some australian guards are wanted for questioning but flew home instead . 
  best to ask the uni colleges instead . 
  try international house for uq . 
  dollar cost average . 
  investing the same amount regularly means you get better value if the market is dropping , without needing to guess the exact right time . 
  i hope you like blue donuts . 
  beach volleyball ? 
  waiting for skymesh in my exchange . 
  offensively doing complexes rather than defending them . 
  it was hard to say which was worse ; the plot , the dialogue or the illustration . 
  it 's both . 
  they move funds to the usa immediately and pay out later in aud . 
  til all lanes are aggressive tri lanes for me . 
  dota 2 says hi . 
  those things should not be a one-time thing , imo . 
  so * that 's * what ccp rouge has been doing . 
  well , once , but i do n't like to talk about that . 
  also : you can not out-crossfit your fork . 
  there 's a district 9 joke in there . 
  `` man picked up by authorities after causing ecological damage to national park after manhunt costing $ 800,000 '', 
  the idea is that you buy regularly . 
  if you decide that you should invest say $ 1000 per year in the stockmarket , then if the market is down when you buy , you 'll get more shares for your money . 
  if the market is up , then you get fewer shares than last time . 
  either way , you end up buying more when it 's low and less when it 's high . 
  have you turned off auto attack ? 
  by accident ? 
  twitch plays eve, 
  mint slice  thin mints . 
  source : sent mint slices to yank who loves thin mints , got feedback , felt smug . 
  $ 1000 jeans or gtfo, 
  i believe the australian classification board released a statement about it . 
  step 1 : actually be funny . 
  if i were to commute via bike i 'd have cameras pointing both forward and back . 
  i 'm partial to barbecued corn with chili butter . 
  anyone who has been to bali knows what i 'm talking about . 
  til, 
  and by ` complicated ' i mean it would be faster to walk around your city looking for loose change for a subscription than to earn the large sum of isk needed to purchase a plex on the market . 
  it 's nowhere close . 
  basically qld health did n't know what it wanted and ibm was n't interested in helping them , not when it could suckle on the taxpayers teat instead . 
  thing is clients never know what they want . 
  it 's the job of consultancies to work that out , get them to agree and deliver . 
  looks like ibm is zero for three on that . 
  i was n't sure , because they might count in 30 minute chunks or something . 
  for $ 100m or $ 200m i 'd certainly have a go . 
  you do n't say . 
  i worked with a guy who was in qa on that project . 
  he has a long spiel on his linkedin profile outlining the steps he took to highlight issues and emails dismissing his concerns . 
  kinda important , putting that project on your resume would be poison otherwise . 
  [ like these guys ? 
  ] ( http://www.kotaku.com.au/2015/08/this-is-zero-latency-the-future-of-immersive-gaming/ ), 
  sorry it did n't work out , / u/risingsonee, 
  edit : wow he even deleted the account, 
  i bet he does, 
  you know rixx already sells eve posters under license from ccp ? 
  ugh , why do they have to make it so hard, 
  you can enable public tracking then look at yourself in yasp . 
  this is purge 's profile and how he compares to other yasp users :, 
  chaos knight and crystal maiden ? 
  i 'd like the aghs upgrade for lc to be useful . 
  perhaps one of these ? 
  ( assuming the duel is not unlimited time ), 
  * applies a pseudo press the attack when duelling , like enigma 's aghs upgrade ( if this is too weak , perhaps the pta could affect friendlies in an area near the duel ), 
  * bkb effect when duelling, 
  * add break back to duels like it used to have, 
  that seems a bit win-more . 
  lc can only 1v2 or 1v3 once she 's already snowballed . 
  to ungroup them ? 
  politicians spend principles like generals spend troops . 
  * reluctantly * , but * inevitably * if they want the job done . 
  aussie notes are different colours so someone can say ` pineapple ' and everyone knows he 's talking about the yellow $ 50 note . 
  increase her procs ? 
  there 's a cool down on moc , it does n't scale like axe does . 
  let 's go old-school . 
  well , they could join non-established-but-not-new powers , like tri , pfr or whatever . 
  you say that like it 's not an awesome thing . 
  sure , but you 're taking 100 % more damage . 
  do n't forget the last-pick pl . 
   * hot * potato, 
  ftfy, 
  i 'd rather have a medallion . 
  maybe they thought you meant shipping as in slash porn . 
  * the * strongest ? 
  i mean , if you want people to go ` just raped someone , might as well kill her because the sentence is the same and this way there 's no witnesses ' then * sure * go right ahead . 
  backswing cancelling does not increase your net attack speed . 
  it 's more about mobility, 
  obviously there are core skills that you need to be decent at , like map awareness , last-hitting , the basics of creep aggro , etc. 
  some of that is mechanical skill ; other bits will come with experience as you play with and against all the heroes . 
  but from a specific hero perspective , i guess the first thing you should do is work out how the hero ` works ' . 
  for instance , from watching vods of other players , i learned that storm spirit is incredibly mana-reliant , which is why a common build it to rush bloodstone , which provides ridiculous amount of mana regen , which increases further each time you kill someone . 
  many streamers talk about item choices and matchups at the start of the match , which gives you a big helping hand when you 're starting out .
