  try to choose a single racial light frame for mobility , a medium frame for general use , and a heavy frame for static situations . 
  train the frame to iii , which is the minimum required to access role-specific suits such as scouts or logistics or whatever . 
  ah , apparently you need a direct invitation now ; tweet to @lucasraholan to get an invite . 
  apparently slack took a dim view to thousands of auto-invites when goonswarm and pl found out and signed up . 
  thanks guys . 
  looks like i have a lot of room to improve !, 
  lump sum pay it out , rebuild cash reserves , then invest . 
  i 'm not saying you * should * do it , but it has a lot of advantages on the face of it . 
  stupid questions are our specialty . 
  well , debt is not necessarily bad , but this particular debt is n't tax deductible , and it 's a lot higher than home loan rates , and you have the cash reserves to smash it out that you were thinking of investing with anyway , so it 's something that 's pretty easy to weigh the pros and cons . 
  well , you * have * a reddit account , which is pretty-much the minimum requirements . 
  anything after that is gravy . 
  total taxable income . 
  you will need to contact your old employers for a group certificate if etax does n't have a record from the ato 's end . 
  we set a low bar , and consistently fail to reach it . 
  however , it might be cost-effective , since the money in your super was only taxed at 15 % rather than your marginal rate , so it 's likely to be cheaper that paying it out of after-tax money . 
  and no glare from reflections either !, 
  what are the skins and clothing ? 
  cool . 
  sadly i ca n't play dress up on my laptop without it catching on fire , so yeah . 
  yeah lasers are pretty good , although i hear that scrambler rifles will be adjusted soon so they do less damage when spamming uncharged shots , but more damage when fully charged . 
  which reminds me : if you want a 50m isk sign-up bonus for eve-bet , message me . 
  i have a bunch of codes for some reason . 
  no , private companies do n't have to disclose much of anything to the public . 
  yeah it helps but nowhere near as good as arcane . 
  plus , arcane and mech build into greaves . 
  then it depends whether tranquil breaks when you q an ally i guess . 
  from a utilitarian viewpoint , it 's actually a lot cheaper for society to have a basic social security net , to stop poor people stealing stuff from rich people , and other distasteful antics ... 
  good thing you never leave your house , then ~, 
  then i 'd be tempted to use tranquil instead . 
  that 's the way i 'd decide . 
  then again i do n't have a lot of expertise . 
  i believe so , yes , since apps like evernus can pull that data . 
  because you should go there and find out . 
  she has n't moved left ; the liberal party has lurched right . 
  nope . 
  when you find out , [ update the doco ] ( https://github.com/ccpgames/eveonline-third-party-documentation/blob/master/docs/xmlapi/endpoints.md ) . 
  perhaps the point could be made that those other structure notifications may be due for a revamp . 
  you seem to operate under the assumption that automated intelligence gathering should be unlimited in scope . 
  you got a notification ; knowing who did it is a luxury to which you are evidently not entitled . 
  so , it 's either accidental or deliberate . 
  does anyone seriously want to live in a caravan instead of a house or flat ? 
  from my perspective , it 's more like people who bought a caravan trying to offload them to the next retiree , much like kombi vans and backpackers . 
  ah yes , ccp manifest 's rig service ; famous throughout all of jita . 
  not sure if serious or jerking hard . 
  wk needs 2 branches so he can q twice . 
  i think the idea is not to half-ass it by getting yasha then going after something else : either go yasha -  manta , or go diffusal -  yasha -  manta, 
  that costs extra . 
  oooh !, 
  that reminds me , must buy their latest book on kindle . 
  you forgot the hull rigs . 
  300k hp or higher . 
  that ... sounds acceptable . 
  sounds like a business opportunity ... 
  they 're pretty standard . 
  i remember my girlfriend 's mum putting basketball cards into pockets when i were a lad , and coin collectors have been using them for decades . 
  the last chevron is locked , not engaged . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5d_zc0ds3pa ), 
  nobody knows why . 
  browse through some fits here :, 
  * https://zkillboard.com/item/17843/, 
   11,558 people ahead of you, 
  welp, 
  / r/new _ eden_link_bot has all the buddy trials you need . 
  if you use a plex to subscribe , your buddy wo n't get a plex back ; instead they will get 30 days playing time . 
  it 's worth the same amount , but ca n't be sold since it 's automatically and immediately applied to his account . 
   that brings me to another important change . 
  with the introduction of open invites we are removing all limits on buddy program invites and removing the plex-for-plex reward option . 
  * that is , if a buddy program trial is upgraded using plex the inviter will not be eligible to receive a plex reward as a result of that trial upgrade . 
  * we 're sure you can understand that this is a necessary measure to protect the integrity of the buddy program . 
  the core differentiating feature of eve is that * you are not the hero * . 
  it used to be a thing . 
  i remember using them to make some null l. 
  since crius ? 
  not so much . 
  \\ #fatbeeshaming \\ #notallredditors, 
  steady on . 
  so they fleet warp to the scout who probed them , is that so different ? 
  nice to see ccp larrikin out and about . 
  paging / u/risingsonee, 
  ... which is stupid anyway , because the original findings done on milk proteins back in the day was less about a2 being good for you , and more about * a1 being bad * . 
  as far as i can tell , australian cattle breeds still produce a1 in their milk , regardless of how much a2 they also provide . 
  that 's correct , but the continued branding of a2 instead of advertising ` a1-free ' means that it 's easy to muddy the waters . 
  `` our carcinogenic product now has folate !, 
  yay ! '', 
  ok , first off , this does n't affect you warping around the place solo ; it 's only for fleet/wing/squad leaders that use the fleet warp ability to drag everyone in their fleet around the place ( without the line members doing anything ), 
  at the moment , as long as the person doing the fleet warp command can warp to something ( say , they have a personal bookmark or whatever ) , then they can fleet warp everyone in , no questions asked . 
  after the change , the only valid places you can fleet-warp to are those that * everyone * in a fleet can do by themselves , which is :, 
  * public locations ( stars , gates , stations etc , including wrecks on-grid ), 
  * public sites ( anomalies etc - anything that uses the scanner but does n't need probes ), 
  * other fleet members, 
  what this leaves out are, 
  * probe results that the fc has just made but has n't actually warped to, 
  * personal and corporate bookmarks ( even if everyone in fleet has the same bookmark ), 
  so a lot of people are upset because they like having their fleet commander use a probing alt , then warp the fleet straight to the probe result without sending a ship first . 
  similarly , they like to have a bunch of bookmarks near a gate and the squad leader can warp people across the grid at a whim and drop bombs or whatever . 
  also , i had a lot of problems after the latest patch , which eventually resolved itself by sitting at the launcher for a few minutes then trying to launch eve about a half-dozen times until it finished downloading whatever it needed and finally worked . 
  yes , and it would also make it more difficult for that scout to be an alt of the fleet commander , both of which are good things . 
  but crucially : you ca n't fleet warp back to a safe tower , which is a big change . 
  does it * have * to be a gift ?
