  i make more isk with my high sec customs office than in null , which is a bit pitiful . 
  it 's a protection racket the same way the heart foundation tick of approval is a protection racket . 
  that is , it is n't one . 
  but the important thing is that it is n't a racket , because it 's entirely optional . 
  those people should cut down on the drinking , then . 
  because they 're officer weapons . 
  they 're worth ( at least ) one key each . 
  well i guess they 'll now be 7.5 % less susceptible to cap warfare ... 
  they already gave out 100 keys in the last 3 weeks , on top of 1/day . 
  best option is have work pay for it . 
  one of the places i worked had a $ 4000/yr training budget per person , which was a nice perk . 
  you shall have some pie . 
  that is , indeed , a forum . 
  naga , please . 
  perhaps during your next salary review , if they come back with a raise that 's insufficient , you can make a counteroffer for them to pay for some of your training ... 
  just in case , i have gone long on popcorn futures . 
  `` talk shit , get hit '', 
  if they wo n't sell at a loss , wo n't they try to rent it out ? 
  what really ? 
  yeah some channels can be weak vs rain , but only if the signals go through it , so it should n't be a problem inside the house . 
  also that channel might be prone to interference from microwaves , since they are designed to heat up water so they 're on the same frequency . 
  yeah . 
  you 'd be surprised , and dismayed , how much influence a small amount like $ 10k gives you . 
  maybe just try to save up the $ 50k and worry about what to do with it later . 
  in fact , come back here after you reach $ 10k , since you 'll have a much better understanding about the effort required to accumulate it . 
   and permabanned from * all ccp games * from now on, 
  jesus saves , true , but buddha does nightly backups . 
  of those who choose to be unemployed , a lot would make terrible employees anyway . 
  bgfh . 
  so far , elite dangerous has the best mining . 
  so , what , is the selection meagre , or do you just run out of stock ? 
  yeah , people forget that having a car means finding somewhere to park it at uni ( and a rental place with a park ) or else you might as well not have one . 
  as if anyone looks at that . 
  at least they know not to cut taxes at the same time . 
  please step into the bonus room and we can discuss this further . 
  it only has to offer a legal , vaguely competitive alternative to gold farmers to be worth it due to lowered gm workload . 
  pretty sure that timer windows now are smaller than four hours , so this will be an improvement regardless of anything else . 
  just because we wo n't be useful for defense timers does n't mean we ca n't fly into rus sov and contest timers as attackers . 
  there 's a kiwi alliance . 
  it 's pretty small though . 
  400 nerds or so . 
  feel free to tell cold chisel that ` flying hours ' is also not a real phrase , since it 's in the lyrics to khe sahn . 
  closer to $ 115 . 
  you do n't get paid superannuation on allowances . 
  er , reddit did n't add the dot to the end of the url . 
  it 's kinda important . 
  x death i believe . 
  well , for the moment . 
  who knows what will happen come summer . 
  poll pot ? 
  minimising it works on a mac . 
  i can tell because it stops sounding like a jet taking off . 
  would n't expect them to change : it 's the gpu that you 're meant to be affecting . 
   well the last plane out of sydney 's almost go-one, 
   and only seven flyin ' hours , till i 'll be landin ' in hong kong, 
   and there ai n't nothin ' like the kisses from a jaded chinese princess, 
   i 'm gon na hit some hong kong mattress all night lo-ong, 
  perhaps he should have fit a t2 resistance rig , then . 
  i tend to just look for stations with research slots . 
  i think you can do it via the industry window , but i just use the map :, 
  it 's a lot better , but it 's no evolve . 
  let 's compromise on 3/5 of a person . 
  did you at least take photos of what was wrong ? 
  remove the . compact from the url ? 
  it might even increasing gaps to punish whoever finished last . 
  one expansion gap , confessor . 
  two expansion gap , svipul . 
  three expansion gap , gallente ship . 
  four expansion gap , caldari ship . 
  this url when viewed on mobile is, 
  removing . compact will reformat it for desktop, 
  you 'll need to be a bit more specific in your questions for us to be helpful . 
  still , if each alliance only has one constellation max before the bonuses disappear , you wo n't have to go far to find some neutrals : maybe halfway across the region you 're suddenly in neutral space . 
  for an example of this , see syndicate , where each constellation has a different group , and you 're likely only to be blued with the constellations immediately next to you ( if at all ), 
  why not hide better ? 
  there are some pockets of high sec that are surrounded by low sec . 
  generally gankers wo n't go there . 
  to be fair , it 's really hard to play dust and eve at the same time . 
  i can see someone saying ` screw this , letting my sub lapse ' or ` screw this , i need my pc for spaceships ' . 
  i have n't heard much about legion lately . 
  i would n't put money on substantial news before ccp sees how valkyrie sells . 
  perhaps queensland can get most improved award . 
  looking out for old number wang . 
  whale testes ? 
  that 's just * nuts * . 
  that 's soe faction beer . 
  evernus does it , but not on a schedule with notifications . 
  faction warfare matches are triggered by activity in eve , so unless systems are changing occupancy , there will only be a meagre number of matches per hour . 
  exclusive items/materials etc. 
  1 . it 's not an isk faucet, 
  it involves looting and transporting to market rather than blitzing anomalies , receiving isk, 
  ccp can control the drop rate via code , unlike normal ratting bounties ( or even pirate faction lp ), 
   and why i agree with gevlon goblin . 
  * clicks ` save ' *, 
  you mention that one way to simultaneously attack and defend is to let one tz do defence via ref timers , and another tz do the attacking . 
  ( from russia , with sov ), 
  how is that different from now ? 
  sure , people can ref your stuff in any tz but you still retain control over when it comes out of rf . 
  having said that , the curse and pilgrim are kinda neat to fly solo . 
  what if the t1 unit had moderate fitting requirements , but the t2 was grid-prohibitive for a frigate ?
