  so the top 128 got at least $ 10k for getting into the qualifying rounds at all . 
  welp, 
  wipe the server with a cloth . 
  personally , i went vas/vgs because it saves having to constantly rebalance veu vs vts , plus veu suffers from its tax situation . 
  i did n't even see most of them ; they were clearly reported or downvoted too hard . 
  i 'm not aware of his ult ignoring illusions or anything to help him , so i do n't know how he was doing it . 
  does n't matter whether you choose house or apartment ; make damn sure its well built . 
  could always view the replay from his perspective , then upload it somewhere and let / r/dota2 decide for you . 
  focus more on finding the worst player on their team and farming them instead . 
  no idea at all . 
  i just know that if an apartment block is constructed shoddily , you could be facing 5-figure body corporate fees a few years in , as the maintenance costs skyrocket . 
  actually , wages in the us are * widely * variable by location ; certainly way more than here . 
  then play heroes who can push and actually end the game . 
  there 's heroes in all positions that can push , from pos 1 pushers like tb , drow and troll , to mid pushers like dp , lina , wr , veno , offlane like techies & centaur all the way to supports like shaman and jakiro . 
  well , you can do a good job while also doing shady shit . 
  just like you can be squeaky clean yet also be a shit mayor . 
  i guess we 'll see how it all pans out . 
  i do n't know the exact numbers , but there are a lot of people pushed out of silicon valley because they can no longer afford to live there . 
  alternatively , there 's places in the us where you can get a really nice house for $ 110k, 
  ironically , getting a job in brisbane after a few years in sydney was a cinch . 
  it all boils down to getting experience wherever you can , so you can jump start your career . 
  as far as crafting a portfolio yourself , it does n't really matter what you choose , as long as it 's easy to demo and you enjoy it . 
  if i were starting my career today , i 'd whip something up in aws to do reddit things , or contribute to games i play ( opendota.com is a stats parsing app for dota2 , and there 's a huge eve online third party development community i 'd jump into ), 
  good luck dude , let me know if you find anything suspicious, 
  it depends , but ips is tax-deductible anyway and the insurance market outside super is way more competitive , with more options allowed . 
  in the 1k bracket , two things stand out that turn the course of games . 
  * teleport rotations , or the lack of, 
  * not taking objectives after a won team fight . 
  - either because there 's no healing available or, 
  - other lanes need to be pushed back or, 
  - general fear due to lack of vision, 
  i mean , there 's dozens of other things you need to get out of the trench , but maybe picking one or two things to work on at a time might help focus your improvement . 
  taking objectives is helped by healing ( urn , mek , abilities or consumables - everyone forgets casual stacks of salves ) , warding around or behind the objective to take , etc. 
  rotations are all about concentration of force . 
  your position 4 respawns and is in the fountain . 
  he buys wards and a smoke and teleports to the offlane t2 or the trees near the t1 if there 's no vision . 
  the position 5 falls back , smoke is popped , an aggressive ward is dropped and together with the carry , gank the offlaner . 
  this lets the carry push , or creates space . 
  after a couple of these , the offlane is basically won because of the xp differences . 
  or , someone teleports to save the offlane . 
  the mid and position 5 can then gank mid or offlane because a teleport has been used , which limits their ability to react . 
  more space created , more vision of their map is created , more lanes secured . 
  this ability to get 2 vs 1 or 3 vs 1 picks is a key way to secure early and mid game . 
  taking t1 towers further limits the enemy space ( i mean , if you rotated to a lane and have lots of heroes , might as well get in some tower damage , or creep cut a wave or two before backing away from the inevitable counter rotation ... ), 
  450 per month seems a bit high , too . 
  if you want income , * get * an ~ ~ inch me ~ ~ income producing investment , like vhy or a savings account . 
  but growth is also important , due to capital gains discounts and the fact that it 's deferred until you sell it . 
  good for tearing down towers . 
  it 's a vanguard fund that focuses on high yield , mostly through dividends . 
  it 's just a confluence of things i enjoy doing , and things i can do . 
  i 'm not into the 3d aspect so i scratch what itches i have . 
  his life , probably, 
  but why ? 
  most income protection insurance cuts out at 65 . 
  the reef got towed outside the environment . 
  vap is mostly commercial property , so there 's that . 
  yes , it has income , but the companies that own the property assets may experience growth as well . 
  it 's not `` better '' , it 's just a different market sector . 
  vhy is more about getting actual money out of a share investment , which usually means it comes with franking credits so it 's almost tax-free income . 
  but that 's more for people who value money now over growth later , which might not be the best approach at your age . 
  on the ato web site . 
  in short :, 
  * sell price - buy price = capital gain, 
  * capital gain counts as a lump-sum income in the tax year you sell, 
  * if you held that asset for  12 months , then you get 50 % discount on that capital gain . 
  so since you 're still a student , you may find it 's better to sell in chunks over a few tax years , so you keep in a low tax bracket . 
  well , once you apply the 50 % discount , it just counts as income , so normal tax calculations apply . 
  but for your purposes , you 're more interested in `` how much should i sell each year '' , which means you need to look at tax brackets to work out where the break points are :, 
  play around with http://www.paycalculator.com.au/, 
  very odd years . 
  from a risk perspective , it 's important to pay down the mortgage to a certain point so you have a buffer for emergencies . 
  my rule of thumb is `` pay it down to < 100k then reassess '' but you 're free to choose your own level of risk . 
  it would suck investing the money , then having to sell it when you lose your job and need to pay the loan a month later . 
  i 'm not so much concerned about your loans as much as how much you 're saving . 
  300k gross probably means about $ 17k/month net . 
  you have only mentioned $ 6k of loan repayments , but that only represents a 35 % savings rate . 
  considering that a $ 300k household income is in the top 6 % of the country , you should aim for a much higher savings rate than what you have now . 
  something like 50-60 % is more reasonable , unless you want your retirement to be substantially less enjoyable than your standard of living now . 
  yeah . 
  just take the win . 
  it 's pretty easy . 
  every player starts with 3.0 reports and commends , and regenerates 0.428 per day ( 3 per week ), 
  each report or commend uses up one third of your pool , so the first report counts as 1.0 report , and the second one counts as 0.66 etc. 
  you 're here on fi australia so being financially independent is important to you . 
  so , here 's the quintessential article on saving rate . 
  narcissism is a hell of a drug . 
  not unexpected , i guess ; it 's prep for the games . 
  ofc not, 
  image recognition has come a long way , and continues to accelerate . 
  amazon rekognition is already black magic-tier in its ability to recognise faces from crowds , and it will only get better over time . 
  remember , amazon * needs * this tech for their cashless stores : the idea is :, 
  * you walk into the shop, 
  - cameras work out who you are and link that to your amazon.com account, 
  * you pick things up from the shelves, 
  - cameras looking at you ( and looking at the shelves ) work out what you picked up, 
  * you just walk out of the store, 
  - amazon charges your account , and reorders the stuff you bought, 
  will those same people also take the time to change clothes and walk differently ? 
  because ai can tell that , too , if you train it to . 
  i mean , its not as if it has anything better to do .
