  if you ca n't achieve that much , you need to rethink your approach . 
  you do n't want all that money to be tired out , do you ? 
  from a customer point of view , i 'd rather that shops be more likely to open on one particular day of the weekend than have to check every single time to see which day the owner felt like opening . 
  you seem to be comparing a guaranteed yield on the home loan to a 4x leveraged margin loan . 
  there 's about 2 entire continents difference between the risk levels . 
  then buy them for yourself . 
  easy +200 mmr . 
  sometimes you just have to go nuts on the field . 
  no , kiwis say cuz ( cousin ) or bro ( fellow person who shags sheep ), 
  as opposed to ` cunt ' ( fellow person with great warmth and depth of affection ), 
  i came for the aussie but i stay for the dumpster fire . 
  i would say no , otherwise the bank would do it instead of lending money to you . 
  i tried that in an unranked match ( i estimate i 'm about 800mmr ) and it seemed pretty good . 
  9 minute boots + stout + blink + level 8 is a respectable 350gpm , and i 'm pretty sure that a good player can get that down to [ about 7 minutes ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ltv1jr3g7u ) ( edit : added video of someone doing that ), 
  no i mean buy them to protect yourself , and to gank using the vision . 
  etihad owns 24 % of virgin australia , btw . 
  we 're too busy stopping boats . 
  southern china is a lot more geographically separated from the north than you 'd initially think . 
  lots of mountains and rivers etc. 
  if you want page views as well as an informative homepage , perhaps a quote instead of the straight-up number , e.g. 
  * `` even the game needs repairing '' *, 
  i 'm okay with pre ordering both , even if the touch is shipped months later . 
  anywhere from gmt +7 to gmt +11 . 
  east of that is late us time zone , west of that is russian prime time . 
  with some work arounds , yes . 
  well , you could choose option # 1 , then if you change your mind , just buy some vas and it will magically turn into option # 2 . 
  he points out the flaws of shadow blade , but reluctantly admits that it 's still worth buying if you find ways to get more mana , which drums helps with . 
  just contact [ pro-syn ] ( http://pro-syn.org/index.php/client-services/services/salvaging ) . 
  personally i 'd go pms into boots , quelling into talon then build treads while talon is being couriered to you . 
  except i want fact internet . 
  i 'm more accepting of slower mail . 
  so , this is against infect ? 
  you pay a fair bit in management fees for that reinvestment option . 
   second , your video does not show the typical jungle lc you see in pubs . 
  please do n't ` no true scotsman ' this discussion . 
  not sure , ask on fail heap . 
  maybe the level server is overloaded and keeps timing out ? 
  150 years , tonal language . 
  chances are that they ca n't be understood by native speakers any more , even if they think they 're fluent . 
  can you remove your solar crest debuff with press the attack ? 
  what are the obvious counters ? 
  i have seen people detour for a head dress for a bit more regeneration but generally fury is first , since the farm speed means getting the offering is much faster than the other way around . 
  valkyrie is more like e :d cqc than the full game . 
  eve already fulfils the expanded universe part . 
  pandemic legion strikes again . 
  i might or might not go to rio de janeiro, 
  many share platforms have virtual trading so you can prevent to make trades and it will track your pretend gains or losses . 
  i was expecting scooby doo references . 
  short but nice . 
  `` i 'm crying all the way to the nightclub i just bought '', 
  emporium has a blink clone called evening games or something . 
  i think the rice flour was just an additive - not replacing sand , but in addition to it . 
   a conspiracy to infuse more lore into the game, 
  it 's ccp . 
  they do n't need a conspiracy to put more lore into the game . 
  they just go ahead and do it . 
  paging / u/tortedelini for a necro mid guide, 
  do they have ones in squares ? 
  like , the entire slice of bread rather than cutting it in half ? 
  salaries are higher in sydney . 
  * all * your super in cash is probably a warning sign - you need the super to last you the rest of your life so it 's probably a good idea to get some growth to counteract any draw-downs you make . 
  i do n't know what a good ratio of growth : conservative investments would be , but i heard a rule of thumb of `` your age in years is the maximum ? 
  minimum ? 
  percent of conservative investment '' which might give you a ballpark figure . 
  ooooh , found one !, 
  totally buying this . 
  from what i understand , us kfc is the worst in the english-speaking world . 
  actually , civilised people use iata city codes . 
  so in this case you should refer to it as mel , or avv if you 're referring to avalon airport . 
  basically , mcdonald 's in the usa is trying to replicate the success of the australian arm , which has successfully transitioned via mccafe etc into ` not actually terrible ' , and via the new burger range ( angus etc ) to be ` vaguely okay ' . 
  he ca n't clear stacks , that 's true . 
  a talon would help in the jungle though . 
  you can stack a lot easier if you cut all the trees in that direction ( or use something like vacuum to clear them out en masse ), 
  that we 're not here to ruin the narrative ; we 're here to ruin * your * narrative . 
  bring back / u/aradon, 
  and how does sun super perform ? 
  hint : you may be surprised and dismayed . 
  hope this goes on the subs wiki . 
  start grooming lockefox ? 
  what does no blinks mean ? 
  i think there 's room for $ 40 skins in the game , but none of the current skins are good enough to be worth it . 
  no particle effects -  not worth more than $ 2 . 
  two monocles ? 
  so intimidated right now . 
  yeah . 
  i found my linux.conf.au 2001 backpack last weekend , and reminisced to when everyone said ` next year will be the year of linux on the desktop ' . 
  then i realised that os x is close enough for me , and while i 'm pleased that the vms that i work with and at home are linux , i do n't feel a pressing need for a linux desktop when i already have a mac . 
  i think what i want from a desktop os is more ` anything but windows ' rather than ` linux or nothing ' . 
  that 's correct . 
  as a programmer , and someone of chinese descent , cash is just a pointer to ` whatever you want the most ' . 
  well , bovril used to be about mining but from what i 've seen , the corp has really dropped in quality and i can no longer recommend them . 
  have you considered one of the thera-based corps ? 
  did it replace your actual lens , or was it a contact lens inserted in front ? 
  calm the fuck down ay . 
  believe me , in potato bracket , 35 last hits in 10 minutes is a grade . 
  i learned that from purge 's replay . 
  twil a few things about late-game , and specifically while playing lc [ here ] ( https://yasp.co/matches/2048753643 ) . 
  * learn to recognise when blade mail is no longer worth it , but have a replacement in mind . 
  in this case , i probably needed abyssal blade to lock down someone while i 1v2 'd the other two . 
  * prioritise roshan a * lot * more .
