  just bear in mind that alcohol is * actually toxic * for you . 
  acetaldehyde is not good stuff to be sloshing around your body . 
  it 's worse than that ; asians actually metabolize ethanol into acetaldehyde * faster * than caucasians . 
  so they literally get drunk faster , stay drunk longer , and it 's slightly poisonous to boot . 
  you can get lactose-free milk . 
  it 's great being able to drink a pint of it without anxiety . 
  i carry around lactase tablets as well . 
  2 tablets = big bowl of icecream , no problems . 
  no ; mexico has [ quite a few ] ( http://www.thornytomato.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/06/lactose-karte1.jpg ) lactose-intolerant citizens . 
  i 've always wanted to be big down under . 
  i bet you 're stroking your bam at the very thought , cis scum . 
  ccp nothin wrote :, 
   ** tl ; dr : ** * the number of copies you will receive through salvage has been reduced and some items have been removed from the salvage table . 
  temporarily , while we make the system better . 
   we 've modified the salvage table to give out a reduced number of copies per salvage drop . 
  instead of giving out 5 to 10 copies at a time , we will give out 1 to 3 . 
  we 'll be deploying the changes today . 
   why , you might ask ? 
   reducing down on the number of copies we give out is a temporary measure . 
  it aims to minimize risk to the economy while we work towards a salvage system that is better integrated with the economy as a whole . 
  the first milestone on this path is to make the salvage system take items that players lose on the battlefield and hand out a portion of them as salvage ( in other words , looting the field ) . 
  while that work is happening , we wish to limit our future risk and tread carefully by limiting the number of items we are constantly seeding to the economy for free . 
   in addition to the reduced number copies per salvage , we have removed dropsuits and vehicles from salvage for the time being . 
  if you have strong opinions that are backed with science on what you 'd want to see in the loot tables , feel free to express them below . 
   you can peruse the revised salvage table here : http://web.ccpgamescdn.com/dust/news.control/64583/1/loottable.csv, 
  too legit , even . 
  especially since my coat is hanging up at home . 
  it refreshes each wednesday , at downtime . 
  [ more than 92 percent ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_australia#ancestry_of_australian_population ) of all australians descend from europeans , so they are lactose-tolerant . 
  lactose levels vary wildly between species ' milk . 
  it does . 
  if a lactose intolerant person drinks milk regularly , they will build up lactose-eating flora . 
  this stops the runs , but will probably give you gas instead . 
  milk tea is a relatively relatively recent invention . 
  probably turned up with the british . 
  generally , if you 're intolerant , then your body digests zero lactose . 
  however , your intestinal flora will happily consume it for you . 
  you get a little gassy but that 's it . 
  drink too much , too quickly , and you 'll get the runs . 
  asians tend to get their calcium from other sources e.g. 
  soups with bones boiled in them will leach out calcium . 
  i know that feel . 
  only became lactose-intolerant in my late 20 's . 
  the gate is a lie . 
   why are there 2 heavy weapon variants remaining ? 
  there are no amarr or gallente heavy weapons . 
  it 's a gigantic railgun . 
   how do i spend skill points effectively ? 
  by keeping a good mix between specific skills and generalist skills . 
  for instance , dropsuit engineering adds 5 % more powergrid to every suit you 'll wear , so it is of very general applicability . 
  something that adds +2 % more effectiveness to shield extenders is narrower , since if you need shield hit points you 'll definitely be packing multiple shield extenders , but if you 're loading up on armor you probably wo n't bother . 
  even narrower is something that gives you a bonus to one specific weapon , since you can only use one of them at a time . 
  for a noob , i suggest going at it like so :, 
  get into a basic frame you like ( presumably a medium frame ), 
  look at the number of high and low slots . 
  if it has more low slots , train for advanced plates and repairers . 
  if it has more high slots , train for advanced shield extenders . 
  now you have a bit more hit points , so you can train for advanced level in a weapon of your choice ( not that you should necessarily use it - i still use my blueprint assault rifle unless i feel a compelling need to suit up ), 
  you 're probably staying alive long enough to run out of ammunition , now , so training nanocircuitry a few levels is nice . 
  level 1 gets you a nanohive ; level 2 gets you a nanohive that is weaker but easier to fit , and level 3 gets you bigger hives for when you have mates . 
  after that , it 's up to you ; you 'll probably be looking for skills that give you more powergrid and cpu , and there 's some skills that give you +5 % more shields or armor per level that are nice to train up as well . 
  it all comes down to priorities - i 'm on 7m skill points and i still do n't consider myself as proficient in the single drop suit and weapon i have concentrated on . 
   how do i unlock new stuff to buy ( the ones you buy with the blue currency , not that microtransaction crap ) like better weapons ? 
  there are a bunch of no-skill-required stuff in the militia section of the shop , but if you want to get the advanced stuff , you can buy and upgrade the skills required to get access to them straight from the store window . 
  alternatively , you can do it from your character sheet , which is fine when you 're trying to get access to a particular skill , but not so much when it comes to particular items . 
   how do i unlock extra vehicles and pieces ? 
  buy them , buy some stuff to fit to them , then add a vehicle fit-out so you can select that combo in-game . 
   i 'd be very interested in flying something in dust . 
  it takes a lot of skill points to do that well . 
  however , you can probably get into a militia version pretty quickly . 
   while still in the topic of vehicles , can i seriously spam that starter lav for no cost ? 
  yes . 
  you can even copy the free one and fit some non-free stuff , so it becomes better , while still being very cheap . 
   also considering i 'm new to the whole eve universe as well , is there really any major difference between the 4 factions/races/whatever ? 
  * amarr suits : easy to fit stuff to . 
  slow , decent armor , good with lasers, 
  * gallente : lots of armor , tend to have an easier time fitting high-level weapons . 
  low shields means it can take a while to recover between fights while the armor repairs . 
  * minmatar : very fast , tend to fit shields , weaker hit points generally favour hit-and-run attacks, 
  * caldari : huge shield tank means fast regeneration when not getting shot at , but crumples if caught in the open or under sustained pressure . 
  define ` too many ' . 
  yes , it 's being fixed by the sound guy . 
  something to do with an experimental feature they were playing with , where if you get shot in the head , your ears ring . 
   maybe one cargohold optimization one shield extender and one cap recharge ? 
  bold , uncompromising decision there , mate . 
  i do n't see too many scouts , but then again , they 're scouts , they 're not meant so be seen . 
  the other suits are fairly well-represented , although the racial suits are n't seen as often . 
  you choose a 1-hour window that your district will come out of reinforce in . 
  at the start of the window , you get more clones , or sell off clones if you 've reached max . 
  anyone can transfer clones into your district . 
  this locks it into reinforcement mode until the next window ( minimum 24 hours though ) , during that window , a fight will happen , and if the attacker wins , they get paid , steal some clones and get the opportunity to attack the next day . 
  if the defender reaches zero clones , the attacker now controls the territory . 
  yes . 
  certain suits are ideal for lone wolf actions , and there is a role for roving soloists . 
  however , get used to bleeding out far from your team . 
  you can play dust casually , but it does improve if you have a corporation . 
  squads reduce the frustration of the wildly variable skill level you see in pub matches , since you bring along friends to u can trust to do their jobs . 
  is the source code open ? 
  generally , scheduled ops are serious business , but they happen fairly rarely in the grand scheme of things . 
  often , you put together a squad and just play a few pickup games or pub matches and earn some isk .
