  i get the idea ccp rouge was n't impressed that the first thing he had to announce for dust was its replacement . 
  we just * did * . 
  at least nt news has funny headlines . 
  if they see a chance , they were always goering to take it . 
  as much as reasonable to reduce the ongoing payments . 
  minimum repayments are about 600/month per 100k you borrow , and you can put in up to double that before it becomes not worth it . 
  an offset account or redraw facility is often good enough for this . 
  paying a few dollars to get money out of the loan in an emergency is worth the interest savings . 
  the idea is to make it connected but not effortless , i guess . 
  plex will give the other account 30 days of playing time though . 
  just put a small tower in high sec for compression and turn it off when you 're finished . 
  it 's a house in space you install upgrades to , so it can be your link alt ( boosts ) or pi alt ( free money ), 
  syndicate is one cyno from high sec , it wo n't be an issue regardless . 
  money goes into eve . 
  it does n't go out , or eve becomes a bank . 
  got isk ? 
  eve or dust , idc, 
  i ca n't even force myself to login long enough to do more than a few missions . 
  some of the ads were basically ` please do n't give * all * the seats to the opposition ', 
  is this on trello as well ? 
  raise a support ticket . 
  magic the gathering also has this kind of app . 
  make sure you have gate keeper turned off under settings , otherwise osx cuts off the download after 5 gb or so . 
  yeah , every dollar you bring to the table instead of borrowing saves you at least 1.70 due to interest , and probably more than that depending on repayment schedule . 
  nice one , / u/sarmatiko, 
  it 's probably cheaper than a plex if you buy it on the market . 
  amarr : slow , laser beams . 
  caldari : slow , homing missiles . 
  easy mode . 
  gallente : fast , pet build ( drones ) . 
  easy mode, 
  minmatar : fast , machine guns . 
  hard mode . 
  yeah , every train that trundles its way to karratha or hedland represents a net profit of $ 1m to a mining company . 
  and those trains probably run 24/7 . 
  eve droid is polished but feature poor . 
  evanova is unpolished but feature rich . 
  together , they make up for each other 's deficiency . 
  not for the injury , just the insult . 
  oh , did you get the full 900 ? 
  something rotten below the smiling facade of the federation . 
  ask on failheap, 
  take it to private message please . 
  that explains the drone damage amps and faction antimatter i scooped from a blue wreck last night outside jita . 
  emdr might be broken , or some nodes might be offline and the site has n't noticed and failed over to a working one . 
  maybe you really really wanted it . 
  technically / u/awox did n't even do the blue warp in thing , he used a no-local exploit , or at least said he did when i talked to him last . 
   `` careful , you 're close to a spill ... '', 
  my kdr was 4.8 in chromosome patch , back when mouse aiming worked . 
  now it hovers around 2.1 :(, 
  tycoon v. 
  doxxing is serious business . 
  it happens in the us , but * very * rarely . 
  in fact , last time they did an audit , everyone who committed vote fraud was someone from < a particular political party  attempting to show how easy it was for all those bad people in < the other political party  to do it . 
  what does registering as a business get you into the first place ? 
  also ,, 
  also , those people trying to prove that vote fraud happen were trying to put laws in place to make it harder to prove who you are when voting , to indirectly disenfranchise poor people who tend to vote for the other party ... 
  counterpoint :, 
  * snowy river scheme ( heavily criticised by opposition party ), 
  * electrification ( heavily criticised by opposition party ), 
  * nbn ( assassinated by opposition party ), 
  medicare etc do n't count because they could all be done in one term of parliament . 
  note to self : buy a $ 100 amazon gift card now . 
  seriously , river city labs is where you need to be . 
  arrividerci at park road . 
  newman removed caps on political donations when he got elected . 
  just saying . 
  * http://www.theaustralian.com.au/national-affairs/state-politics/queensland-government-to-axe-cap-on-political-donations/story-e6frgczx-1226673225795, 
  * http://www.brisbanetimes.com.au/queensland/fears-queensland-electoral-reform-will-stifle-minor-parties-20140124-31cxg.html, 
  photo continental ? 
  i 'm still in the ( mercenary ) closet , 
  no , because i really did need those extra orders . 
  eve eye maps has a visual mode , not sure about tabular though . 
  bishop is the death star ( e ), 
  mirror here :, 
  yep , that 's globby . 
  bundaberg ginger beer , then . 
  or you could go something overseas , like cascade ginger beer . 
  bundy and cascade are the top two for me . 
  yes , they can be hard to find due to their rarity . 
  join red vs blue ( choose a side ) . 
  then , there will be a lot of people you can suddenly shoot at in high sec , probably only a few jumps away . 
  then , once you 've had enough pvp , leave corp and continue on your merry way . 
  once it 's installed , eve runs fine on a 28.8 k modem . 
  i 'm not joking . 
   trading isk ( eves `` gold '' ) for real money will get you banned . 
  not only that , but they 'll ban ** you ** , permanently , not just the account that did the trading like wow does . 
  or another party to turn up further left of the greens to provide some contrast . 
  so , what led you to decide to join bat country in particular ? 
  a google search did n't raise any questions for you ? 
  any chance of a brutally functional t3 invention page ? 
  the knowledge of the entire human race at your fingertips . 
  ` nah , ca n't be bothered ', 
  that 's not ideology , that 's just selfishness . 
  what makes you think that ? 
  well , rest assured that you did help them . 
  to the tune of 1 billion isk . 
  narcissists , not sociopaths . 
  i still miss veritas :(, 
  just use a covert bridge instead .
