  well , they *** do *** call him chairman lmao ; you got ta expect some of the totalitarianism to soak in . 
  i think remotes should be only 2bw each , since with 4bw each you ca n't even drop enough remotes to crack a tank 's shields before you max out . 
  but yes , this does mean that you ca n't spam some equipment then forget about it ; after those two uplinks , you will only have room for one hive or ( if remotes become 2bw ) a pair of res at a time . 
  it 's not dust , it 's / r/evelegion . 
  also , correctional facilities employ psychs . 
  yes . 
  if you have a trial account logged in , you ca n't run any other account on that computer . 
  you can , however , run any number of subscribed accounts on the same computer at once . 
  the thing is this :, 
  the galilee basin is full of thermal coal . 
  this is the kind of coal that 's least useful to the world right now because, 
  * you use a lot of it , so carbon emissions are high, 
  * the world has a lot of it anyway , and the mines are already built, 
  * if you need to heat things for electricity , there are proven alternatives, 
  savvy resource companies already know that the basin is n't worth starting up , and have all pulled out of abbott point already . 
  gina r has already sold all the mining rights to galilee about 18 months ago ; she could see the writing on the wall . 
  anyone who thinks they can make money from coal that nobody wants , after sinking all their money into building a mine to get it just has rocks in their heads , or is just trying to scam you . 
  so , these subsidies are just throwing good money after bad , because either the company is too stupid to see that it is n't viable , or they 're lying about it being viable to get some handouts . 
  transport infrastructure ? 
  roads and rail to nowhere useful , a port we do n't need ? 
  as far as china and india go , last i read china was already a net exporter of thermal coal , and india has reserves and mines already and just needs all the rail infrastructure built to get it to its local power stations . 
  considering that everywhere else in the world is winding down its thermal coal usage , and that australia has traditionally had high costs due to wages compared to developing nations , well , the forecast is n't looking good . 
  plot twist : there 's only one hundred jobs . 
  you 're probeably right . 
  our current prime minister promised to sit down with indigenous leaders in his first week in office . 
  sadly , we all know his track record now ; it 's got so bad there 's web sites to keep track of how many promises he 's broken . 
  kylie picked up a gay following quite early on , so she decided to roll with it . 
  it does n't mean male * now * . 
  in spreadsheet form :, 
  galilee basin coal is the wrong type for making steel . 
  methnaught . 
  i 'll grab your rhea if you want . 
  to be fair , if that happened to the only pub near a bunch of white aussies they 'd still be fucking ropable . 
  i like the goal ( ` picket ships have something to do ' ) but the implementation , imo , is lacking . 
  i think a better idea is this :, 
  combat ships can shoot the rocks to improve them in unspecified ways, 
  mining pilots prefer those kinds of rocks because they 're better . 
  there is no step 3 . 
  so , this encourages miners to mine and protectors to shoot stuff , while helping each other , but not getting in each other 's way ( because fuck gun mining , that 's why raistlin tried to kill caramon ), 
  it 's an appropriate analogy . 
  raistlin was the typical weedy kid who spent years studying magic because it was the one thing he could do well . 
  his brother caramon was the jock who was tall , handsome , fit , good with the ladies and had a massive sword . 
  he protected raistlin from bullies and they got on well . 
  then , [ skipping some context ] one day , raistlin and caramon were in a sticky situation and raistlin was almost out of spells and caramon was beaten up pretty badly and the situation looked hopeless . 
  then caramon says `` i got this , bro '' , pulls out a wand and just fires lightning bolts everywhere and the bad guys all die . 
  raistlin was like `` what the fuck was that ? '', 
  and caramon says `` oh , just some magic . 
  i did n't mention it before because you always clung so strongly to magic being the one thing you could do that others could n't , and i did n't want to break it to you that actually you 're not so special after all . 
  do n't worry , magic can still be your special thing , i 'll only break out my magic when it 's important ' . 
  so raistlin kills him in a fit of rage . 
  raistlin , in this story , is the miner . 
  they get shat on by code , insulted by everyone for their low isk/hour , derided as ` not playing eve , just netflix ' and to top it all , mining is actually pretty fucking boring so they are n't even enjoying themselves . 
  however , they 're the only source of mineral ore , so they cling to it like a small kid holds their last toy . 
  caramon is a combat pilot ; they get the isk/hour , they get to shoot interesting things like red pluses and orange boxes , their ships are buff and have ridiculous firepower and tankiness , they even get to fly their ship around . 
  and suddenly , you want to take the one thing that 's special about miners , and give it to them as well ? 
  i have n't read it since the 90 's , but that scene stuck in my mind i guess . 
  it 's the sound of the space police !, 
  and this is why i wish ccp would just split the buddy reward 50/50 automatically . 
  try something like this . 
  [ coercer , mission basic ], 
  small i-a polarized armor regenerator, 
  upgraded armor em hardener i, 
  upgraded armor thermic hardener i, 
  experimental 1mn afterburner i, 
  small capacitor booster i , cap booster 150, 
  dual afocal light maser i , multifrequency s, 
  dual afocal light maser i , multifrequency s, 
  dual afocal light maser i , multifrequency s, 
  dual afocal light maser i , multifrequency s, 
  dual afocal light maser i , multifrequency s, 
  dual afocal light maser i , multifrequency s, 
  dual afocal light maser i , multifrequency s, 
  dual afocal light maser i , multifrequency s, 
  small energy discharge elutriation i, 
  [ empty rig slot ], 
  [ empty rig slot ], 
  radio s x8, 
  multifrequency s x8, 
  cap booster 150 x50, 
  ... whereupon the swedish prosecutor said `` no backsies '', 
  no , the hypothermia research was from japanese unit 731 . 
  you 'd have more credibility if you gave them 50m isk each month for ten months . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  from years ago . 
  or , let 's go to the [ canonical source ] ( http://community.eveonline.com/support/knowledge-base/article.aspx?articleid=787 ) :, 
   registering an account with a payment costs a one-time activation fee of $ / $ 5.00 , # 3.00 , or 149 rub . 
  ** this fee is waived for activation with cd-key , etc , and plex . 
  or dust players . 
  but mostly yourself . 
  [ hound spotted ] ( http://machinefire.deviantart.com/art/tsunami-182569146 ), 
  [ oracle spotted ] ( http://cyclodextrose.deviantart.com/art/heavy-battle-cruiser-182582241 ), 
  [ talos spotted ] ( http://lobaud.deviantart.com/art/ore-seraphim-182514908 ), 
  pretty sure there 's a naga in there as well . 
  ( also tornado obv ), 
  alternatively , buy faction drones , preferably faction caldari drones , so their big shield hp means you rarely need to rep them . 
  or , pull individual damaged drones into ` return and orbit ' then rep them when they 're whizzing around you . 
  you 'll probably only need a small remote rep , so it should interfere with cap stability much . 
  do you have tech 2 drones ? 
  they 're a fair bit tougher than t1 . 
  it was 4 years ago - we 're probably due for another one .
