  it was trendy in britain to refer to ingredients in french for a while in the late 1800 s . the fad never reached australia or the usa . 
  rip in peace aaron . 
  then send photo . 
  rail guns should n't have a max elevation more than about twenty degrees anyway . 
  the same for putting remote explosives on tanks :-(, 
  tongue is a muscle . 
  it 's legitimately meat . 
  the one at harbour town robina is good too . 
  grr people who drop uplinks at the start of an ambush . 
  i 'd much rather they dropped a lav with a cru so at least they can drive away if overrun . 
  an optimistic view would be that they 're playing the long game and doing things by the book to eventually put pressure on the qld government to repeal the laws . 
  that 's not the way i 'd bet , though . 
  getting things done is fine , but the cross city tunnel shows he is n't above doing the wrong thing , as long as it gives him some press . 
  oh , so * you * have to prove your innocence ? 
  that 's exceptionally uncool . 
  do you have channels where you goto get squads ? 
  this was linked from a [ post by hans ] ( https://forums.dust514.com/default.aspx?g=posts&amp;m=1710837#post1710837 ) , reproduced here :, 
   lol @ `` ruling party '' lol, 
   the idea that we have some `` power '' to `` rule '' or `` govern '' is so ridiculous there 's not even any point in addressing it again , too many in this thread and elsewhere have already pointed out that we 're an advisory/advocacy group and nothing more . 
   also , we will absolutely be trying to influence the outcome of the election - but we 'll be doing it through all the same means that every other player here has a right to wield . 
  that is , endorsements of qualified candidates and open criticism against candidates that we do n't believe are fit to serve . 
  we 've all worked waaaaaaaaayyyy too hard to get this far only to have a weak council replace us and not be able to pick up where we left off . 
   if we do our jobs right during the upcoming campaign season , we 'll not only be replaced by individuals capable of continuing our work , we 'll be replaced by individuals that will do an even better job at this than we have ourselves . 
  i 'll be the first to admit that we 're not perfect and that there 's many talented individuals throughout the community that deserve a chance to outshine our performance . 
  they 'll need to be equally fearless , prepared to work like dogs , and prepared for disappointment from ccp that will come in every flavor imaginable . 
  even during the best of times working with ccp can be stressful and none of us want anyone on the council that is n't capable of sticking out a term to the very end and handing it off to the next group that will do an even better job than cpm1 . 
   the csm has a long tradition of subsequent councils outshining those that come before them , building upon and iterating on the previous year 's work and finding ways to improve communications with the community and to deepen their influence on ccp . 
  i certainly hope that this tradition starts this spring with the cpm as well . 
  i wo n't be running myself , but i 'll be around as a resource to those that take our place , and make sure they have what they need to do a killer job . 
   all that to say , do n't kid yourself , the cpm is not going to sit on the sideline with tape on our mouths and let a bunch of fools get elected and ruin what we 've worked to build . 
  in fact , there 's many that have rightfully argued that the cpm-ccp relationship is still in its infancy , which makes electing a strong cpm1 all the more critical . 
  it 's not going to take any backroom handshakes or messing with electoral systems to do it though , the election will be more than fair . 
  we simply have an obligation to speak our minds about who is and is n't fit to serve by the very fact that we take the future success of this institution seriously . 
  looks like quite a few of cpm0 are disappointed at the current field of cpm1 candidates . 
  test alliance poco interdiction, 
  that explains the parking spot . 
  oh christ , again ? 
  urge to test ... rising, 
  successive revaluations ? 
  sensor strength is neat and cheap though . 
  i guess we 'll find out . 
  come back in six months ? 
  what a toxic attitude . 
  you can go a very long way following someone around and making them godlike with your repair tool . 
  there 's this web site called reddit , you probably have n't heard of it because it 's so underground , but i often hang out there . 
  if you get any more artistic , you 'll have to cut an ear off . 
  a billion is pushing it imo . 
  you will measure your fleet mates in face palms per second , but yeah , no corporate bullshit . 
  take video :-), 
  classic wedge politics . 
  fuck you i wo n't do as you tell me . 
  a stopped clock is still right twice per day . 
  i think i spent the first couple million sp worth of time just running around , dropping uplinks where needed , injecting downed players and repairing them up afterwards ... 
  my daily rate increases if i have to wear a tie . 
  should end with `` ramen '' . 
  was expecting more from a csm tagged post , tbh . 
  i admit to taking a hammer to the one near the gracemere roundabout as a wee lad . 
  bastard had steel reinforcing though :( would have needed power tools to do it properly . 
  alt account or alt character ? 
  what 's the bet that concord will eventually stop paying bounties entirely ... 
  sounds a lot more convenient than begging for pap links . 
  -10 b isk , +9 b isk worth of faction tags ... 
  * all patch notes later than [ this ] ( http://community.eveonline.com/news/patch-notes/patch-notes-for ) . 
  so maybe pap links are like those traffic light buttons in major cities ; not connected to anything , but just there to make people think they 're being noticed . 
  the ones in nyc were disconnected [ in the 1980s ] ( http://www.smh.com.au/articles/2004/03/01/1078117368203.html?from=storyrhs ) . 
  see : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/placebo_button, 
  i very rarely break out the proto gear ( usually only when i see egypt musk on the other team ) , but in situations where i expect to only die , say , once a match , you can still make isk . 
  squads like nyain san train together well enough that it 's common to go through an ambush without a suit loss ( and if so , they usually have someone with injectors ) . 
  i usually run an advanced frame with a basic gun and selected proto or advanced modules ( generally , anything i put in the high slots is prototype ) . 
  i usually die a few times a match and break even . 
  i 'm not sure danny green would be the best spokesman for that . 
  you know that the icelandic symphony orchestra did a cd full of songs from the ost last year ? 
  you probably do n't want to be accused of plagiarism if you accidentally choose a song they have already arranged . 
  of course , you can still do it , as long as your supervisor gives the okay . 
  personally , i 'd be quite wary of trying to corner a market that people could meet pent-up demand using their credit card . 
  they have this , it 's called getting director roles then pulling a [ causality ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ugplrpwvz0i ) . 
  why not just throw water on it . 
  i have 20m skill points and still regularly get manhandled on occasion . 
  it comes down to synergy : get a good squad and you can move mountains . 
  seems reasonable ; the competitive advantage of many developing nations is due in part to cutting environmental or safety corners ( see : china 's cavalier attitude towards deaths in coal mines or their eagerness to be paid by other countries to ` safely dispose ' of toxic electronics by actually just putting it in landfill ), 
  so , if the usa pushes for tougher provisions , they get to, 
  * kick china in the nuts ( technically , most of bric would be affected ), 
  * get cheered on by other countries for doing so, 
  however , i 'm more interested in seeing an analysis done from australia 's perspective , since nyt is probably not very interested in clauses that benefit the us but are unfair to us . 
  i regret not buying all the robotics i could afford before tyrannis hit . 
  my life in eve is littered with the detritus of 20/20 hindsight . 
  if you want to get money for playing eve , this is exactly the right way to go about it . 
  [ nouvelle rouvenor ] ( https://wiki.eveonline.com/en/wiki/nouvelle_rouvenor ) hero, 
  why not both . 
  i now know what my porn star name would be . 
  abba and pink are both huge over here . 
  we even [ made a movie ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/muriel%27s_wedding ) about how obsessed we are with abba . 
  sounds suspiciously like customers fighting amongst each other for table scraps . 
  thanks for the excellent summary , prius . 
  i 'll break down my thoughts on each of the points here . 
  first off - i 'm not one of those that think tanks are totally broken or op , though there are some sensible adjustments that need to be made to make the current situation a lot healthier . 
  there are typically two schools of thought where tanks are concerned ( though this could apply to any vehicle really ) : those that believe tanks should be incredibly solid , expensive , and powerful ... and those that see vehicles more as a commodity , cheap like dropsuits , hit points well within range of most a/v weapons without too much struggle . 
  i 'm much more in the former camp , i think hav 's should noticeably warp the play around them , otherwise there 's not much value of having them in the game at all . 
  hav 's on the field should require squads to re-think their approach on an objective , and present a threat that must be removed in order to progress around the map and succeed . 
  not to mention , hav 's are an expense above and beyond a dropsuit , and require extra time to call into battle , presenting enough of a hassle that the more disposable design of the past gets pretty miserably for players who really enjoy tanking .
