  slacks identifies the player who will be most pivotal to heal , then does it . 
  sometimes , that means ditching the safelane carry ( who will realise he is now an offlaner when you 're not around to help ) and help someone else snowball . 
  til nazis are judgemental baddies . 
  what is the ideal damage item on medusa ? 
  i 'm leaning towards moon shard , but what do i know, 
  rapier scares me though, 
  it 's a friendly suck, 
   i have no clue about how easy/hard it would be to give the land . 
  getting the land is probably much easier than building it on time , on budget , and to specification . 
  that 's ok , just apologise when they revert your email . 
  i 'm not sure if i 'm drifting left or the oz is drifting right , but it does n't appear to be the centrist paper i recall during my teens . 
  rain drops into dragon lance . 
  eventually skadi . 
  i 've seen people turn up to work ( by driving ) still drunk from a party the previous night . 
  rbt on monday mornings probably catches fewer people , but those who * are * caught are the ones that need catching the most . 
  except when mowing the lawn . 
  then it goes over 50 % . 
  that 's only for when australia is on a war footing . 
  wards need no armor . 
  90 degree bends are not so practical for people hurtling around them at great speed . 
  `` this episode brought to you by white lady funerals '', 
  i ca n't comment on whether this was an accident or not , save to note that an air strike killed 80 people from one of syria 's most effective anti-is units . 
  i will say , however , that the us and russia are * elbow-deep * in this conflict . 
  both countries are playing political games with the factions on the ground - the us sees isis as a useful way to keep assad 's syrian forces occupied while it does other stuff we 'll likely never hear about , and russia is keen to make friends , sell weapons and extend its influence in the area . 
  in the middle , there 's millions of iraqis and syrians who used to have an admittedly shit government but relative peace , and now both countries have half of their territory as war zones ( not forgetting the kurds , who have been shit on by saddam , then treated like dirt by the us afterwards , then supported during arab spring , then used as cannon fodder against is , then shit on again once the us started losing turkish support - poor fuckers just want their own country , but realpolitik means that a stable syria and turkey will be prioritised ahead of their independence ), 
  that 's wasist . 
  i finally learned the keyboard commands to bottle crow :, 
  * drop bottle behind tower , select courier, 
  * rightclick bottle, 
  * shift q f ( or d f if you have more items you want from stash ), 
  the * exact * number is unclear , but looks to be somewhere between 30 % and 60 % of bankruptcies in the us , pre-obamacare . 
  that 's a large margin of error , but compared to other countries where it 's somewhere between 3-6 % , you can see the disparity . 
  you can shift-click the courier button in your ui if you do n't want to use the keyboard . 
   it could be true that testing does cost more than the money saved , but you 'd have to look at numbers to be sure . 
  $ 100 says drug testing kids to remove welfare payments is not cost-effective . 
  `` i do n't want to kill anyone , i just want to ensure hungry people can eat delicious soylent green '', 
  that 's funny ; some of my friends loved peru because they got to eat guinea pigs as an exotic dish . 
  i wonder whether it 's good cooked sous-vide , then . 
  `` this is a mistake '', 
   you only need a single college-level ( or highschool ap ) psychology course to understand everything in his video and more . 
  incidentally , if you 're at college , definitely take psych 101 , even if it 's outside your elective . 
  you know how people say `` i want to speak to your manager ? '', 
  when they need to escalate a problem ? 
  well , your local politician is one way to escalate if you have a problem with council/government departments etc. 
  it 's not guaranteed , but it 's nice to have someone with a bit of clout asking pointed questions in your favour . 
  at the end of the day , a government employee does n't * really * care one way or the other , so being able to say `` well the minister insisted , so we approved this application , and now he 's happy at us , and he gets to tweet about how helpful he is , so i got that going for me '', 
  look at it from his perspective . 
  * son commits incest -  he fucked up as a father, 
  * murders girl -  he fucked up as a human to protect son, 
  * gets caught anyway -  he fucked up as a criminal, 
  * son gets caught anyway -  he fucked up at protecting son, 
   `` wow , i really fucked up '', 
  * attempts suicide -  he fucked up at killing himself, 
   `` welp '', 
  whatever 's needed , but usually offlane or support . 
  i 'm not awesome at farming , but i 'm competent at not feeding , at least compared to other people at the same mmr as me . 
  it 's about average 6.5 deaths , sooooooooooooo ... 
  organisational psychology is really important in your career , as is an understanding of [ tactical bastardry ] ( http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/main/magnificentbastard ) and and a knowledge of how everything * [ really ] ( http://www.ribbonfarm.com/the-gervais-principle/ ) * works . 
  it 's a special administrative region . 
  getting less special by the year , as it turned out . 
  well australia is something like 3-4 % of the world 's market , so 70/30 is still heavily-weighted towards domestic by that measure , 
  disregard family , acquire dividends, 
  people like their returns in aud i guess , and people expect that when the domestic economy is good , that their returns reflect that . 
  and franking credits and foreign income are a non-trivial thing - veu real returns are actually a good chunk lower than a domestic ( or us-only ) fund , because the fund is us-based , but the income is not from the us . 
  i seem to recall the mother going to prison for theft , and child services put her daughter in foster care while she was in . 
  do n't know about the father . 
  like , one of you on each end ? 
   all of my regular expenses, 
  elaborate ? 
   and to top up my super, 
  i admire your enthusiasm ( i top up my super too ) . 
  do you need to set up salary sacrifice into super as part of the package now , or can you delay that bit until after the personal loan is paid off ? 
  definitely . 
  physically close is less important than logistically-close, 
  it looks a lot like a cheaper , easier version of a managed fund . 
  you still pay a premium over investing directly for larger sums . 
  bear in mind that op wrote :, 
   so i work in the healthcare industry . 
  which has much , * much * more lenient rules than normal employers . 
  the key thing you 're up against is fringe benefits tax . 
  healthcare and charities get ~ $ 9000/year of fbt rebates , but the rest of us can realistically only package up stuff that is fbt-free , like laptops , extra super contributions ( to your own account only ) and the like ), 
  this gets you a massive mana boost ( and denies them a decent amount of gold in a contested lane ) . 
  i always try to empty my mana pool when i see a friendly siege creep on its way . 
  go to eve down under m8, 
   why is the plebiscite such a bad idea ? 
  well , for one thing , there was n't a plebiscite when the law was changed to * ban * gay marriage . 
  at the end of the day , the government is meant to actually , you know , decide on laws . 
  it 's their job . 
  they do n't want to do an actual parliamentary vote on it because they 're gutless , so they 're willing to use $ 200m of our money to put on a show and let gays endure months of advertising against them , all for a non-binding vote . 
  a referendum is `` a binding plebiscite to change the constitution '', 
  no , mcribs are something you sell when ribs are cheap . 
  i 'd rather have a kebab, 
  everyone is jumping on the hsp bandwagon . 
  even guzman is doing nachos on chips now . 
  yes , but then you wasted all that mana from sacrifice . 
  we 're number one !, 
  we 're number one !, 
  so , do n't focus on improving . 
  focus on having fun playing a video game . 
  work out what part of your savings you 're happy to lock away for,
