  worry about it when it 's finished . 
  he 's apparently using netbeans ' gui builder , fwiw . 
  but i agree , what with working out the domain model + business logic + user actions + testing , it will be a stretch doing anything gui-related . 
  yeah , there 's something seriously wrong with the interaction between ads and av . 
  how many plex does one need to ride this train ? 
  to be fair , all airlines have long-term fuel contracts so if their supplier says `` 4 % price increase because of carbon tax '' , then if the carbon tax is repealed you still wo n't get that money back because, 
  you now have to renegotiate a 4 % discount , which is : effort : , because there 's probably a bunch of short , medium and long-term contracts with different suppliers , so it will take time , meanwhile you 're still paying extra . 
  you already paid the 4 % for the fuel sitting in your stockpiles and your customers are n't going to be understanding enough to wait until that fuel is gone before you remove the surcharge . 
  on the other hand , the fuel surcharge is still 75 % money grab , so my sympathy only goes so far . 
  why are they nerfing logistics instead of buffing assaults ? 
  mining is good , as is industry . 
  making stuff may involve more clicking but also has no time pressure . 
  if it 's a long term thing , i know some people who have a mouse pointer that ` scontrolled by head movement . 
  it 's not joining large fleets , it 's the situations that call for large vs small fleets . 
  low ui interaction . 
  that 's because you 're flying an incubus . 
  yeah , head tracking software will probably set you back about a thousand dollars or so . 
  macros to create items are n't allowed , but most of the work is involved in working out what to build to actually make money , rather than the mechanics involved . 
  i mean , it takes like six clicks to build 270 industrial ships in a manufacturing job that will take almost a month ; it 's really not about the clicks . 
  if you try to automate undocking and mining , you 'll probably be banned . 
  it only takes a dozen clicks an hour anyway . 
  then maybe they should change one thing at a time instead of twiddling multiple variables and risk upsetting the balance in the other direction . 
  but , that 's why i even trained the amarr logi :(, 
  also , logi suits do ** not ** need to be any slower . 
  i ca n't even keep up with heavy suits as it is . 
  good to hear . 
  there 's a lot of negative feedback i 'm the charlie thread , the best thing is that you guys are paying attention . 
  let 's not forget that the real issue is that assault suits are * under * powered , not that logistics is * over * powered . 
  the way the new system works , getting from 9 to 10 takes the longest . 
  for some blueprints the cn take a year . 
  it 's just how the numbers fall out . 
  let 's start with decriminalisation before we have the legalisation argument . 
  because i believe in iterative rather than all-or-nothing changes . 
  sometimes i feel like a beer , but to each their own i guess . 
  i am okay with that . 
  please crosspost to / r/evetech ? 
  tldr ; years in the future when crest lets you do anything that the igb features do now , the in game browser will be taken behind the shed and put down . 
  try putting some nanite repair paste orders up , then see who buys it and check them out . 
  market intel best intel . 
  actually it 's not that difficult . 
  up your game . 
  even the ` save ' part is debatable , since that thousand dollars would go towards paying bills instead of withdrawals from a bank account , which banks were really not keen on during the gfc . 
  it was n't very interesting , so i deleted it . 
  putting a corp advert often works well . 
  just be specific that you 're not about pve or mining or anything , otherwise you 'll be flooded with awoxers . 
  why not micro jump drive ? 
  skip straight to 100km perch , unleash missiles . 
  some faction missile launchers are actually good , because they have 14 % better rate of fire compared to t1 launchers , which makes up for not benefiting from specialisation skills ( plus they have larger magazines ) . 
  caldari navy hmls , for instance , are pretty neat . 
  however , it 's just not worth using rf rocket launchers because, 
  it 's a lot of isk on a fragile ship, 
  1 . tech 2 rocket launchers are fast to train anyway, 
  1 . tech 2 ammo is often needed for rockets , something that does n't hamper other launcher types like hml, 
  they 're not as good as caldari navy rocket launchers anyway ( tech 2 has 4.0 s fire rate , rfrl has 3.88 s , cnrl has 3.5 s ), 
  that 's fairly correct . 
  when rudd said `` we 'll guarantee bank accounts under $ 100k '' the banks all had an easier time borrowing from then on . 
  what did the government get from this ? 
  obviously increased bank stability during the gfc , but no benefits lately , judging by the gap between rba rates and bank interest rates . 
  oh , and if you have money in bonds ( or a fund , or small building society or whatever ) instead of a bank account , you do n't get that guarantee , which distorts the market . 
  incredible hulk ? 
  wasted ? 
  roof insulation cuts heating and cooling bills . 
  with as flawed as the recent analyses have been , i 'm surprised they could find their arse with both hands . 
  self-crossposts come across as a bit needy , fyi . 
  you know , one way to defuse the ` mittens cares about / r/eve ' meme is to turn it back on / r/eve . 
  it 's a fairly standard rhetoric technique . 
  shut the fuck up you 'll blow my cover, 
  uh , it 's released at 1900 * eve time * . 
  punters drink pots because they are guaranteed to finish it before it gets hot . 
  you can , you tank your standings towards their corp though . 
  just do n't try to gang them when they 're approaching their own corp 's station , because station guns will own you . 
  mittens is so much better when he actually talks about eve . 
  probably wants there to be real espionage instead of smash and grab tactics . 
  it 's a falsetto voice overlay onto a bee gees disco track ( based on beethoven ) , so the comparison to early michael jackson is fairly appropriate . 
  [ perhaps this will help . 
  at the end of the day , games are more fun with friends , and more fun with new players entering the game than having them quit . 
  that 's where brave newbies come in . 
  so you 're encouraging high sec players not to fleet up ? 
  that does n't help . 
  how fortunate for you ; at least 40 % of the people here play eve !, 
  til australia is game of thrones-level thirsty . 
  bridgeclimb, 
  acceptable losses , then . 
  ... would open in your normal browser , which hopefully is already in incognito mode . 
  or put a coupling in there instead . 
  or check the timestamp of the ` running out of fuel ' messages for that tower and avoid emptying the silos near that time . 
  i can see people complaining if they saw that ad in the middle of the afternoon . 
  i mean , just because you have a jaunty guitar does n't mean you can then add a quick shot of ten women posing in lingerie and laugh it off . 
  edit : also , if one complainant is correct that they saw it at 4:30 pm , then the ad should not have been shown , as pg ads ca n't be shown between 4pm and ~ 7pm . 
  if you have the data , why not show it ? 
  not everyone has upgraded to fibre . 
  i did n't get the same impression . 
  i felt they treated the more outlandish complaints ultra-seriously , but were quite dismissive of the claims they could n't debunk so easily . 
  i was expecting a stash of plex : /, 
  er , so do credit cards . 
  fair enough . 
  personally , i stay away from citi and ge because of their history of being insecure with credit card data , or generally being bastards to their own customers . 
  hi op , malcanis was talking with jester about this on failheap , and reckons there 's about nine months work of backend work that needs to be done to clear out old/bad code . 
  they * could * do a big feature before then , but many features would be crippled by tying itself to legacy code ( corporations code , star base code etc ) so it would basically suck . 
  multiple poses ?
