  vitamin d capsules are super cheap compared to multivitamins . 
  like , $ 2 for 100 cheap . 
  that adds another layer of meaning to that tom hanks movie . 
  mtv unplugged ? 
  wards are still useful . 
  however you need a support that is useful in team fights , because you usually ca n't crush them early game . 
  so , lich , warlock , omni knight , aa , witch doctor , dazzle etc , over single target supports . 
  abaddon . 
  snl version ? 
  `` enough with the i was only following orders bullshit , hans '', 
  you could probably get about fourteen . 
  try building them in moranbah ; you 're sure to be investor of the year . 
  it does build into halberd . 
  bunny has toned down all the way after she started going out with baumi . 
  south australia was not settled by convicts , but free settlers , so they brought with them the middle-class london accent ( dahnce , chahnce etc ) . 
  in regional queensland , ` pool ` is a two-syllable word . 
  that 's very common in regional queensland though ? 
  queensland : pool is pronounced poowel . 
  lina and sky in particular , since the opponent ca n't micro out of the ground targeted nuke . 
  also , you forgot zeus . 
   we will decide which animals come to this country and the circumstances in which they come . 
  sounds familiar . 
   what happens if i go to the dentist and have the same checkup done now that i do n't have health insurance ? 
  do i pay the total bill ? 
  yes . 
   what happens when i go to a gp ? 
  ( i have never had to pay at a gp before ), 
  you should have a medicare card ( if not , get one ) . 
  you hand it over , and if the doctor bulk bills , you 're fine , and if they do not , then you fork over extra money . 
  i do n't think many health insurance plans cover gp surcharges . 
   do i need health insurance in case i need to get my wisdom teeth out someday ? 
  do your sums . 
  bear in mind that there 's usually a 12 month wait before you can claim . 
  pretty sure there 's no such thing for dentistry . 
  what items do you bring to lane , and how do you skill pre-6 ? 
  eve wallet aware and jeveassets have wallet sorting and tracking stuff . 
  it 's no xero tho . 
  i do n't know why ` reddit hates him ` but some people dislike how he does n't play ranked . 
  legion aghs will stop external sources of damage during duels , so , not very useful . 
  probably closer to foetal alcohol syndrome . 
  but could you handle a 36 % win rate ? 
  he was misled by the government . 
  i think we can all relate . 
   dr karl kruszelnicki has announced he will donate money received from being the face of the government 's intergenerational report to needy schools . 
   dr kruszelnicki said he was only able to read parts of the report before he agreed to the ads as the rest was under embargo . 
   despite assurances otherwise , dr kruszelnicki now believes he put his name and reputation to a report that is highly political and which largely ignores the impact of climate change . 
   `` it was my fault for not realising the nature of the beast that i was involved with , '' he said . 
  did i say ult , or did i say nuke ? 
  if you research lina 's abilities , perhaps you can find a ground targeted nuke amongst them . 
  are lizards in trees not a thing ? 
  also , there 's a non zero chance of rehabilitation if someone does n't od . 
  how 'd that work out for peter garrett ? 
  basically vanguard is an early game tank item , of which there are a few choices . 
  however , looking in the long term you want to itemise based on the upgrade . 
  i think pl would prefer to have a butterfly or satanic than abyssal , so that 's why they stop at poor man 's shield . 
  both those items boost all his illusions ( or future illusions in the case of life steal ) and i guess pl usually hopes someone else has hard lock down so he can get away with the soft control of diffusal purge . 
  what i do n't get is , why would n't you do everything possible ? 
  i got your back m8, 
  fyunch ( ! ), 
  i think we all agree that he is a number two . 
  tried vanguard instead of vlads ? 
  some games are frost armour games ... 
  then why do n't they stop the * fundamentalism * of australia , instead of the islamification . 
  savage, 
  i wonder if that 's a reaction to the first study . 
  `` oh shit we really are sexist . 
  welp '', 
  i learned this as a teenager from a jerry pournell book . 
  the main characters go to a backwoods planet on the proviso that they not introduce advanced technology to the natives . 
  horse collars were included in that category , as they eventually found out . 
  not that i recall . 
  before-insert triggered, 
  can i take a minute to point out how retarded 'm - dd-yyyy ' is , as a date format . 
  edit : i can not into counting, 
   no real joystick support, 
  joystick controller mapping is released next week . 
  it 's not from want of trying . 
  they try to slip it in the back door more than those videos * my friend * watches . 
  previous quick tip : [ blademail changes explained ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwmq24oxy_e ), 
  [ iso-8601 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iso_8601 ) is some good shit right there, 
  assuming you lived . 
  i imagine there 'd be some within a block or two of the james st market . 
  usually your progression is, 
  * arcanes, 
  * bloodstone ( disassemble arcanes ), 
  * aghs, 
  * shiva 's if you have n't won already, 
  i 'm agnostic on the boots , but yeah , sure . 
  are you trying to start a reddit war ? 
  because that 's how you start wars . 
  it 's an * expanse * reference . 
  so you pull the hard camp into the lane at :53 and problem is solved . 
  camp is stacked and lane is pulled . 
  american instant is even worse than their drip . 
  moccona is actually pretty good in comparison to their drip , if you want to calibrate your expectations . 
  probably rush poor man 's shield . 
  i reckon so . 
  i do n't have servo experience , but i know how businesses think , and they would think, 
  * it 's bad pr if we tell employees to risk themselves over the company 's money, 
  * also we 'd have to pay danger money , and give more training if we expect them to stop thieves .
