  i suppose you could use a thanatos . 
  depending on the fit and anom , you could get 30-45m ticks . 
  the question `` am i too late to enjoy eve ? '', 
  makes as much sense as `` am i too young to enjoy life ? '', 
  i know , but sometimes i 'd like to , e.g. 
  check out the market in aridia without necessarily flying there . 
  kind of like jitonomic.com except , well , working . 
  neveah forget . 
  aspirational naming ? 
  maybe they think those names are upper-class or something . 
  ccp made a conscious decision to spell stuff in american . 
  it 's in a devpost a few years ago . 
  real life threats , hey ? 
  you 're lucky that a temp ban is all you got . 
  as someone with a lot of java experience , i really do n't enjoy doing web front ends in it ( although i do have time for play + scala and to a lesser extent , springmvc and derivatives ) . 
  these days , practically all the companies i contract to just open up rest endpoints for business logic and let the web devs do their thing in whatever language they want . 
  something you missed is the stupidly game breaking free intel that watch lists offer . 
  it 's bullshit and i hope it gets changed . 
  the cash discount is ridiculously small , which implies that the finance is where they make their money . 
  india has fairly large coal reserves . 
  they just do n't have the rail infrastructure to export it like we do . 
  if that person is the titan alt of your local frenemies then it 's certainly important . 
  but leaving that aside , it 's the easiest and risk-free intel gathering in eve and there 's no countering it if someone has you on their watch list . 
  the appropriately-named get off my lawn alliance has a [ bunch of corps ] ( http://evemaps.dotlan.net/alliance/get_off_my_lawn/corporations ) that would suit you . 
  go back to slash dot , dad . 
  when castrating goats , my dad and i used a type of thick rubber band and a four pronged applicator that expanded the rubber band like the jaws of a predator . 
  although surgical castration is a favourite of farm dogs , since they get tasty treats . 
  has he not heard of syntax highlighting ? 
  i think the relay that it 's listening to is borked . 
  of the market sites [ known to use emdr ] ( http://www.eve-emdr.com/en/latest/sites.html#market-sites ) , only element43 seems to be updating . 
  i do n't even know if there 's an oog way to contact the guy running eve-marketdata . 
  judicious use of the ultra-long inter-region gates will reduce the pain considerably . 
  for instance , jita to tenal is just two cynos plus a few gates away . 
  there 's a bot on / r/evenewbies that hands out extended trials . 
  the reason i mention it is that extended trial links are frowned upon in / r/eve , otherwise it would be a shitstorm of down voting and spamming of links . 
  baby , eat a snickers . 
  better ? 
  one thing i dearly miss about sydney is going grocery shopping at 10pm on a week night . 
  hero does n't have * any * plans . 
  is it fixed now ? 
  that 's why it 's useful to have a goat in the herd . 
  they are far smarter than the sheep . 
  ten percent seems unrealistic . 
  ` too late to start playing eve ' makes as much sense as ` too late to start playing chess ' . 
  i was just as skeptical about magic : the gathering , and yet , 21 years later ... 
  when will the 2014 holiday pack come out ? 
  there is an officer laser rifle . 
  on an amarr assault , it will fire all 120 shots in its magazine without overheating ... 
  cascade ginger beer is also great though . 
  citation needed . 
  our company vpn to china goes down whenever they detect us , which seems to be a couple of times per month . 
  the poor spend all their money , so they pay gst on all their outgoings . 
  rich people spend a lot lower percentage of their income , so they can plough the extra into investments and avoid the gst on it . 
  and , the higher the gst rate , the worse it is for poor people . 
  ^ doing it right, 
  well , as soon as they detect encrypted vpn traffic , the great firewall blocks it , so yeah , it is a pain . 
  how does it differ to brave auth ? 
  that 's open source as well . 
  hmm , what else ... how does one update this ? 
  git pull or what ? 
  i think bacon is wrong . 
  it brings back the emphasis on corp spying and theft rather than random muggings . 
   strictly speaking , i do n't believe `` awox '' would recognize what we 're talking about as `` awoxing '' , given that he was taking advantage of shared standings to get warpins against nullsec ratters . 
  i talked to awox [ a few years back ] ( https://serpentinelogic.wordpress.com/2011/07/08/a-wild-awox-appears/ ) . 
  he had this to say :, 
   a lot of people think that i used my blue characters to kill goons with alts . 
  they believed the method employed was using my blue characters to tackle the victims and finish them with my neutral alts . 
  this is what is known as awoxing . 
   the real method of course was using an exploit to bypass the local window to set up on people . 
  with some digging you can find some more info on this ( maybe on eve-ru ) . 
   so yes , i am that awox . 
  it 's named after me but i 've never actually `` awoxed '' :p, 
  and yet if you are n't hipster enough to ` know what bootstrap looks like ' then it 's a nice clean ui so why change it . 
  glorious . 
  hands off his pocket square !, 
  audit log containers are about the only thing that has player-accessible logs iirc . 
  import xmpp, 
  importerror : no module named xmpp, 
  what do ? 
  where does this library come from ? 
  i have that entire set . 
  cost a pretty penny , but it keeps me smug at night . 
  cool , thanks !, 
  the only ewar drones that are halfway good are the ones that do n't have stacking penalties . 
  * neut drones, 
  * ecm drones, 
  the stacking penalty is double-plus-ungood for web drones , since they have typically-low web range , so ideally you 'd want light drones so they could actually catch the ships you 're trying to web , but then you get stacking penalised to hell and back . 
  personally , i 'm okay with stacking penalties on drones to stop the ` two dozen hornet-ec300 ' situation , but they need a quite severe buff to be anywhere near as useful as a warrior ii . 
  long point , sure . 
  lactose-free milk is pretty easy to get . 
  campers hate him !, 
  last i checked it was $ 1.85 per litre ; that 's pretty reasonable for high cost of living countries such as the one i live in . 
   if you 're on the fence then stop being bad, 
  but seriously , i 'll definitely be there next year . 
  shhh !, 
  no blue intel . 
  i spent my spare cash on soundwave tickets : /, 
  clones against humanity ? 
  well , there was that famous scene where russell crowe and guy pearce got into a fight with kylie minogue watching , so it 's not impossible . 
  but seriously , while level 1 is fine for manufacturing stuff ( including t2 components ) , if you 're doing actual invention you 'll need level iv in those skills or you 'll wreck your margins .
