  yes , there are aurum-only variants that have no isk equivalent . 
  this is against current design principles , but i suspect that will be thrown to the kerb at some point . 
  well , i suppose we could photoshop his head onto a space marine and call it rouge trader . 
  you do n't have open mic chat channels ? 
  then again you might not dare to , given your corp membership , 
  https://github.com/everedditbot/eve_reddit_bot vov, 
  yeah it 's pretty neat . 
  pauldrons . 
  pauldrons everywhere . 
  because fuck you , that 's why . 
  sincerely , t2 original blueprint owners benevolent society ( t2o-bobs ), 
  wh should still be below null . 
  try to keep the most-variable data line on top . 
  back banners plox, 
  sadly , the curating professor died before he got to see the most recent drop . 
  to be fair , you only need to look at it twice a decade . 
  nobody copies t2 bpos . 
  they just build off the original . 
  pitched right over . 
  that seems * okay * . 
  five cargo holds of ice per hour is still okay , if you 're into that sort of thing . 
  preferably a highsec island . 
  that 's what i do , except for the pings to login . 
  it might have a * slightly * better tank . 
  nice . 
  it 's a short tutorial , but well worth the time that ccp put into it . 
  was n't expecting the rewards to be as good as they are . 
  war points only accumulate towards a bombardment if you are in a squad , so it 's quite possible for a team to get zero bombardments during a match if they do n't squad up . 
  i thought explosive damage did that . 
  this is a lot more manageable and hopefully more professionally organised than the last debacle . 
  ccp nullarbor has some changes in development that will remove npc bombardments from fw and pc battles , but that 's unlikely to turn up before the end of the year . 
  i think it 's proof that both sides of politics have people in them with overactive amygdalae . 
  works for me . 
  then again , it sucks spending a buck fifty on tablets just to drink a milkshake . 
  nah , the yogurt cultures digest lactose so generally it 's okay . 
  one part of it is that you were relying on intestinal fauna to handle the lactose . 
  going to college probably brought serious changes to your diet ( no jugs of milk in the fridge perpetually replaced by a parent etc ) so you probably lost enough lactose-eating bacteria that you could n't handle a glass of milk any more . 
  i can eat up to about three slices of pizza before things start being marginal . 
  when at home , i break out a carton of [ zymil ] ( http://www.pauls.com.au/zymil/ ) for my milkshake-drinking cravings . 
  i do n't miss the cream so much as the milk itself , 
  it 's also a shit load of effort and time and money . 
  well , chances are you 've permanently lost the ability to generate lactase yourself . 
  in effect , you have been weaned ;-), 
  you can , however , manage it . 
  reintroduce milk products in small amounts , regularly , over the course of a few months and you should be able to handle small doses without feeling rotten . 
  however , your days of drinking a pint of milk at a time are probably over , unless you have help in the former of lactase tablets . 
  one of my friends still feels a bit off after eating breakfast cereal with milk , so your mileage may vary, 
  how many olympic swimming pools are we talking about ? 
  dust is having a faction warfare event as well , so the dust corps are destabilising systems all over the warzones . 
  last night , the dustbunnies broke amarr fw - they 'd destabilized every system that an eve player had plexed in recently and were left with no battles to fight , 
  so many double entendres unlocked . 
  dust had a major effect on faction warfare this week . 
  the increased activity has allowed the amarr and caldari to increase their holding by a third in three days . 
  at present , dust has [ no agency ] ( http://serpentinelogic.wordpress.com/2013/09/14/the-eve-dust-link-a-question-of-agency/ ) to act in eve . 
  care to explain why you think i 'm wrong , instead of just down voting ? 
  events on http://evemaps.dotlan.net/factionwarfare ? 
  none of them contradict my point that there is no agency in the dust-eve link . 
  the integration points are purely reactive with no opportunity for independent action . 
  * you can only bombard when a dust squad gets enough war points, 
  * you can choose a fw side to fight on but it 's eve plexers that determine the system you fight over, 
  so as it turns out you do n't get the point i 'm making because you do n't have enough knowledge about the eve-dust link to understand it . 
  if you ca n't piss off people who drop bombs for a living , then who can you piss off ? 
  often they 're in the same fight . 
  on opposite sides . 
  whatever accent keira knightly has , thanks . 
  local politics is not a public place with people who are strangers . 
  the dynamics are different . 
  it 's no longer a flat fee ; it 's indexed to the mineral cost to build the ship . 
  sadly , the mineral cost to build a t2 ship is like 10 % of the total price , hence the small payout . 
  t2 components are the largest proportion of the build cost , which are n't factored into insurance . 
  that , plus the costs to invent the t2 blueprints in the first place . 
  thanks for the revive , logi bro . 
  get out, 
  or maybe players can re-enact famous battles from eve 's history , like x-wing did . 
  at this stage , it 's a little early to tell which way the game designers will go . 
  i think you 'll find their mission statement is to * raise awareness * of breast cancer . 
  finding a cure is not their primary goal . 
  the recent election implies otherwise . 
  you 're already in a wormhole , so the two biggest afk sources of income for you are :, 
  * planetary management, 
  * t2 reaction chains/alchemy ( heavily dependent on your link to high sec though ), 
  possibly very , but it 's possible to lose lots as well . 
  generally , buy a few hundred million isk worth of raw t2 materials then process them and hope they 're worth more than you paid after fuel costs are taken out . 
  pi , on the other hand , has no downside since you 're extracting value from thin ~ ~ air ~ ~ soil . 
  c5 is way too far from k space for reactions . 
  look up mabricks wormhole pi guide for passive income . 
  as far as active income goes , you 'll need to arrange with your corp mates . 
  very little is solo able ; even the mining sites can be dicey . 
  venn diagrams . 
  i learned to drag stuff to the cargo bay icon next to the auto pilot instead , because my laptop screen was so tiny . 
  ... which is suspiciously like the skill planner in dust . 
  worst . 
  faceless . 
  ever . 
  well , that 's one way to stop the back stabbing ; leave him with nobody above him except liberals . 
  not really ; just means more would have starved during the great leap forward . 
  you can arrange a fuel drop . 
  did this on the gary highway many years back . 
  how long ago ? 
  let 's just say they charged me $ 1.30 per litre , delivered to the middle of nowhere .
