  10mn afterburner ii, 
  damage control ii, 
  nanofiber internal structure ii, 
  medium core defense field purger i, 
  medium core defense field purger i, 
  medium core defense field purger i, 
  that 's okay , according to aussies , america is new york , miami , la and rednecks . 
  we do n't believe in cities more than 20km from the coast . 
  you know something is wrong when your laptop fan starts to take off just browsing the market ... 
  at least they tried for a mining tax . 
  in hindsight , a bit late , but it would have been useful if there were another boom in future . 
  * automated * supply and demand . 
  i just post here . 
  sons of alexander is a kiwi corporation . 
  nice . 
  i have that installed . 
  do n't know how to * use * it , but it 's installed . 
  to be honest , it really hurts the margins but the safety of high sec goes a long way towards remedying that . 
  personally i 'd just sneak into low sec using the pi hauler , but i 'm stingy like that . 
  er , generally the government pays nothing ; they just pass a law transferring ownership . 
  that 's the bit that makes the business sector cry . 
  it 's in , but it 's new . 
  it 's zero if its your poco , 
  oh wow , has it been a year already ? 
  how are you doing ? 
  fair enough . 
  good luck with your studies and fly safe until you can get back in the saddle . 
  no , the venture is way better . 
  miner ii modules are a lot better than miner i , and their prerequisites are low . 
  3 . just change the type of sell to ` immediate ' and you 'll sell to the highest buy order . 
  botting is strictly forbidden , but you can set some strip miners onto an asteroid then come back ten minutes later without issue . 
  well , besides the other players trying to kill you while you 're not at the keyboard . 
  depends on your yield , but with good skills , and ignoring the time it takes to drop off your ore at the station , you should be able to get 19000m ^ 3 of ore per hour ( compared with a tricked out mining barge at 78000 m ^ 3 / hour ) . 
  depending on what you [ choose ] ( https://www.fuzzwork.co.uk/ore/ ) , you 'll get maybe 250 isk/m ^ 3 , so 4.75 m isk per hour . 
  you 'll probably get less , but i suppose a couple million isk per hour is good income for a newbie in high sec . 
  jesus , my high sec pocos are like 4.5 %, 
  [ rat . 
  er my poco farm is like four jumps from jita . 
  [ this fit ] ( http://serpentinelogic.files.wordpress.com/2014/06/skiff_2mlu.png ) is cost-effective , but probably over-tanked . 
  they could , but imo the first and easiest change they need is a balance pass . 
  well , you could bling it more by using t2 rigs or whatever , but really , you should be able to get away without the damage control unless you 've really ticked someone off . 
  alliance auth on git hub . 
  hmm i 'd use dotlan maps and eve central prices to work that out . 
  well , all exhumers are full of crunchy tech 2 salvage ... 
  it 's pretty easy to run off infinite copies of those things anyway . 
  or they just drop marauders and kill all the ecm then continue as normal . 
  i would think that a dozen golems with orca support to resupply cap booster charges would be pretty low-risk in high sec , tbh . 
  the idea is to war dec a dozen shitty corps at a time , or have alts war dec on your behalf and you switch corps as needed . 
  i still carry one around in each ship , just for some wtfs in the loss mails . 
  any chance the crest import for assets could be multi threaded ? 
  it takes forever for me . 
  that works a lot better if that character ca n't fly a golem . 
  from what i have read , new eden is a small cluster of fuck . 
  that 's what his web sites are for . 
  brave is cool and all but perhaps someone with your sp should join dreddit instead . 
  as jefferson said , the best thing about joining dreddit is that they 're * so grateful * . 
  sorry , not jefferson ; franklin . 
  australians should all pull together . 
  i 'm calling it now : periscopes . 
  unless you make settings changes , osx cuts off all untrusted downloads after 5 gb . 
  this gets around that . 
  makes sense , since they 'll be ccp servers for pc , and sony already allows playstation to connect to them for dust514 . 
  stuff goes ` missing ' all the time , especially in some countries , does n't need an attack on a facility for it to happen . 
  three missions per day is actually a fair bit of effort . 
  on christmas day , that might be a stretch . 
  it 'll all blow over soon . 
  manufacturing and science is easy , just remap into memory and intelligence and do the obvious skills . 
   slash funding !, 
  i hope to god that was n't intentional . 
  i think they add the lifeline thing any time something distressing is reported . 
  building :, 
  * industry, 
  * mass production, 
  * advanced mass production iv, 
  research :, 
  * science, 
  * research, 
  * metallurgy, 
  * laboratory operation, 
  * advanced laboratory operation iv, 
  * < racial  encryption methods iv, 
  * any relevant t2 science skills to iv, 
  i tried that out on a trial account . 
  it was pretty awesome , no joke . 
   somebody needs to explain to me , in words that a 5-year-old could understand , why ** a player ** has not made available for purchase a range of postcards depicting the new eden universe . 
  equally valid ... 
  yeah , there 's a bunch of news reports where someone who used to have seizures multiple times per hour got on weed and are now fine . 
  usually the report goes like ` please do n't send my kid to jail just because weed is illegal ' . 
  step 1 : scanning skills + scanning frigate + cloaking device . 
  this lets you check out cosmic signatures and get some income , while searching for people running said sites ( or in safe spots ), 
  step 2 : more scanning skills + covert ops frigate + covert ops cloak . 
  same thing , but better . 
  you 're still < 40m isk per ship , so that 's cool . 
  bonus points for training to a covert cyno generator for black ops drops . 
  step 3 : t2 recon cruiser so you can arrive unexpectedly and scram people while your friends arrive . 
  i 'm not saying the chance you will be banned is particularly high . 
  i * am * saying that the chance is clearly above zero . 
  i was talking to a driver who said that uber generally knows that they 'll be fined within minutes of the fare being accepted , due to heuristics such as drop off and pick up points , age of the account , time of day etc. 
  generally they give you a call as soon as you drop them off and let you know that you 've probably been fined and that they 'll cover it from their end . 
  i 've seen both .
