  i think it 's clear at this point that legion wo n't have blueprints the same way as dust does . 
  probably it will just be skins to apply rather than the free suit or item with the skin as a side effect . 
  one unsummon and it 's toast anyway . 
  any news on whether the same thing is happening with dust characters ? 
  scroll to ` time calculations ' . 
  it 's not really expensive , but it is slow . 
  a faster way would just to buy the pre-researched blueprints ( either copies or original ) via contracts . 
  it makes sense to do your own research for ammunition and equipment , but ships are quite slow . 
  alternatively , if you can handle the missing 4 % margin or whatever , then just shrug and continue using the ones you have . 
  check when it was uploaded . 
  there 's a huge statistical correlation between skill and war points per minute . 
  so , you will always be on the opposing side of the best player available , because you 're so good . 
  over time , your stats will change and you will be matched better ( lower , in your case ), 
  and no , i do n't really experience what you described . 
  yes , i 'm usually top sixin a match , but ssometimes you have to accept that twelve players on your team are terrible and you 're going to get rolled by sixteen mediocre reds . 
  no , they get promoted to middle management where they can do less harm . 
  yeah but nobody cares what the austrian students think ; there 's only a dozen of them in the entire university . 
  legion is n't released , it 's probably less finished than valkyrie . 
  there 's only like , two devs left doing dust , but they 're doing such a good job they deserve a promotion . 
  there are eve - dust escrow services available . 
  i occasionally put in 100 mill or so . 
  and loyalty points . 
  actually the bike helmet thing is debatable . 
  evidence suggests that non mandatory helmets will encourage a critical mass of people to cycle , which lowers the overall mortality rate of society via exercise , i even though cyclists die bit more often . 
  i think ccp has given up on the dust economy due to past history of mistakes like this , plus the proliferation of blueprints lately . 
  er , yes , unsummon only works on creatures . 
  there already are eve dust transfer services . 
  i use one from time to time . 
  the environment thing is just a small part of the difference between them and the major parties . 
  after all , they had to pick up the slack left by the democrats . 
  no , you need the faction one . 
  as a kid growing up in a poor area , there was little difference between indigenous and non-indigenous kids ; they same sort of low-level neglect and violence you 'd expect . 
  i suppose one difference was the increased truancy rates of the indigenous kids due to transiency ; while the white kids would stay in school because their parents were using it as free childcare , indigenous families would disappear as a unit and go walkabout , as it were . 
  bear in mind that i saw this filtered by my own experiences ; my family was middle-class and i was probably pretty insulated from the exigencies of poverty . 
  heck , it was only years later that i realised that the funny kid who used to ask whether i was finished with my lunch was actually so poor that he had no food except the leftovers from other kids . 
  at university in the city , doing a stem degree , i hardly encountered an indigenous student throughout the entire course . 
  bunch of people of asian descent , heaps of white fellas , that 's it . 
  i am aware , however , that demographics of stem degrees is n't really representative of society , but i want to make the point that , depending on what socioeconomic level and professional circles you travel in , it 's entirely possible that you do n't encounter very many ( like , more than one or two ) indigenous australians in your circle of acquaintances , the same way someone from low socioeconomic circles probably does n't know anyone from continental europe . 
  i do n't think it 's necessarily a racist thing , but a class thing . 
  obviously , famous people on tv and sports are different . 
  as for encountering lots of indigenous people , i have travelled to north-west australia , in the pilbara and kimberley area . 
  i have seen the well-meaning but ultimately culturally-insensitive attempts to build housing for indigenous communities in the outback ; i have seen the economic exploitation of communities by the whites running the town shops , but other , community-run stores thriving ; i have seen both self-imposed dry communities , and communities with severe alcohol and sniffing problems and those that somehow manage it . 
  i have seen riots at halls creek , and also seen the engagement of the argyle diamond mine to put profits back into the local area and building jobs and infrastructure instead of dumping money on the tribal elders and washing their hands . 
  ultimately , it 's a difficult issue and i doubt most people have any idea of the complexities surrounding it , let alone a solution . 
  maybe, 
  uh , remember selection bias . 
  the immigrants you see are the best of the best , the most resourceful , the most persistent , even the luckiest . 
  if you only see the top 50 percent of any society , of course they 'll look pretty damn impressive . 
  i just saw the usual stuff that the poor use to get high ; booze , petrol , spray paint . 
  all the expensive drugs were snapped up by the fly in / fly out contractors . 
  i should watch this . 
  original creator has released some pretender novels lately , though . 
  half continue , half reboot to the modern age . 
  any walking in station code will likely come from walking on planets . 
  only of the pirate faction you select at character creation . 
  can you chop the pill in half or something ? 
  so what you 're saying is that anything that * does * get through will be worth a lot of money ... 
  worth a read . 
  you 're not missing much . 
  the first book was vaguely okay , but the series went downhill on a randian trajectory . 
  thanks , foiritain . 
  ah yes , the famous kugutsman kugutsman iii , of the hampshire kugutsmen . 
  tried eve harmony ? 
  team fortress 2, 
  13 pro retina is much the same price as 13 air plus 4g ram and only a bit heavier . 
  oh , did fleet warp disappear or something ? 
  good thing towers with compression arrays are n't a thing either , then . 
  gmt +10 ? 
  well , tsole fell apart after : drama : , but whoever 's left in autz joined warravens ( if they 're not playing destiny ), 
   giving my grandma fttp is absolutely moronic . 
  so the obvious step is to fuck over everyone who wants to buy her house after she 's gone . 
  i hate when mummy and daddy fight . 
  tried to submit a definition of poitot and it did n't work . 
  please fix ; this is a critical issue for the entirety of syndicate . 
  awesome, 
  what would be the benefit of that , given the down sides ? 
  well that took a turn to the macabre . 
  `` when a nobleman takes revenge , ten years is not too long to wait '', 
  if prices do rise due to exporting food to china , it will be good for them and a bit worse for the rest of us ( which is okay ), 
  doubtful . 
  nobody trusts chinese milk after the melamine scandal , least of all the chinese . 
  china is still a bit pissed off at the west about the opium wars . 
  assuming that the chinese will pay more for food item x , then either australians will have to pay a bit more , or keep the same price but settle for non-export quality ( i.e. 
  worse ) food . 
  if you assume that the chinese will pay about the same , then a lot more farmers start growing x and things settle down the same . 
  if you assume that the chinese wo n't pay as much but still have a large market , then more farmers will start growing , prices will stay the same for us , but all the low quality stuff will go to china ( and the high-quality stuff will get sent to japan or whatever ) . 
  chinese drink a lot of milk , mostly in those milk teas you see them drinking everywhere . 
  they 're lactose-intolerant , but you can build up enough of a tolerance . 
  besides , even occasional consumption adds up over 1 billion people . 
  clicked image expecting hover hand pics . 
  left disappointed . 
  also , i do n't see menu , it just refreshes the page . 
  as i tell my kids , redressing the balance of payments with drug money is not okay . 
  russia was stirring the shit , though . 
  russians may not be known for subtlety in war , but they have form via the kgb etc for starting and ending insurrection , just like the cia . 
   also how do i give buddy bot my link once i sub ? 
  oooh , ooh , i know this one !, 
  there 's always planetary management . 
  maybe 800k sp needed , probably get 5m/day for a single character ? 
  ( up to 15m/day in null/w-space ),
