  i strongly urge you to start using non-default fits , at least in niche situations . 
   sentinels are trained and equipped to neutralize vehicular threats on the battlefield . 
  often the last line of defense , they never flinch and never retreat . 
  newly trained sentinels are issued with a swarm launcher and armor modules and are trained in the following skills :, 
   * dropsuit command i, 
   * weaponry iii, 
   * swarm launcher operation i, 
   * field mechanics ii, 
   * armor upgrades i, 
   * armor repair systems i, 
  ok , so you chose an initial role that is specialized in killing vehicles , which is fine , but you 'll need fits for anti-personnel work as well . 
  something like this is * very * cheap and probably fits :, 
  militia assault dropsuit, 
  militia shield extender, 
  militia shield extender, 
  basic armor plates, 
  assault rifle, 
  militia submachine gun, 
  and you 'll probably want to duplicate it and set up one with a militia drop uplink ( you may have to ditch the grenade or change an extender to a recharger to fit ), 
  i ** strongly ** encourage you to upgrade this fit to a type-1 assault suit , though , since it 's a * lot * tougher even with the same modules as a militia suit . 
  plus you can probably fit an armor repairer which is convenient . 
  half-assing a fit to save on isk can be counter-productive , since you then die more , which costs you isk anyway . 
  you should be earning 150k + isk per ambush battle , which means you can spend 20k per fit , die half a dozen times and still break even . 
  dbrb is pretty hefty , got ta reverse that bus over him a few times just in case . 
  i do n't know, 
  ... where to begin . 
  towers running out of fuel would be quite useful , too . 
  losing only 3 suits per match means you will have no problems with affording a standard or enhanced loadout . 
  half your fitting problems are * caused * by using a militia suit ( and probably militia modules ) . 
  actually , doing industry is more like `` spreadsheets , then waiting '' . 
  which is a-ok with me . 
  for some reason , killing pirate npcs really pisses off that pirate faction , 
  they 're great for covops cynos , too . 
  it 's like 45k sp to get < type  dropsuit i , 
  you can run missions for them ... 
  fozzie mentioned it in december . 
  rebalancing efforts will be, 
  battlecruisers, 
  battleships, 
  command ships, 
  caviar is a delicacy , too . 
  people do n't eat it for the taste ; they eat it because it 's ( theoretically ) rare . 
  which suit is the sever suit equivalent to ? 
  more to the point , it was a man with a 2-year-old child , probably on his lap , who did n't give up his seat . 
  if anything , she should have given up a seat for * him * . 
  depends on his remap . 
  it 's probably better spent on accounting or broker relations if he 's already mapped int/mem . 
  thanks . 
  awesome ^ tm, 
  [ start reading ] ( http://community.eveonline.com/updates/patchnotes.asp?newpatchlogid=3219 ) . 
  yes , but it wont be as forgiving a tank . 
  soon ^ tm, 
  sign me up . 
  well , someone claiming to be me , anyway . 
  thats why passive income rocks . 
  the effort required for me to replace a sleipnir is ... 
  setting up some industry jobs then forgetting about it for a month . 
  i bet you wear a helmet and padding to walk across the road , too . 
  if you have an eve-related app on your phone , it will even tell you when your clone is out of date . 
  and i 'm spent . 
  which campaigns in particular ? 
  amusingly , speech analysis is a legit method to detect if leaked chat logs are fake . 
  to dinner ? 
  well , at least you wont be primary . 
  [ cry some more !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/team_fortress_2#meet_the_heavy ), 
  not bad ; needs way , way more screenshots . 
  but * most * people who connect to eve via a vpn or vm are botting , so you can forgive their itchy trigger finger . 
  alternatively , they could become commodity items when ship skinning becomes a reality . 
  it does n't matter what the reward is ; you should be very hesitant to carry a billion worth of other people 's cargo in a freighter . 
  it 's for that reason that i split my courier contracts into 500m parcels . 
  it costs more , but the packages actually get there . 
  ( ps you 'd be surprised how low courier rates are . 
  i often offer 50k/jump and it generally gets snapped up quickly ), 
  i give it a pretty low chance of happening . 
  true . 
  when i go out to dinner with my parents in law , they do n't even look at the menu because nothing they order is on it . 
  then i go by myself the next time and try to order the same stuff . 
  `` what 's that dish full of steamed egg and the pork at the bottom ? 
  yeah and can i have some chicken with the green sauce made from god i do n't know it tastes like ginger , and that pork mince chopped into squares no i do n't know what it 's called either . '', 
  that 's because a shitload of southern chinese emigrated to australia because, 
  * southern china is dirt-poor compared to other parts of china, 
  * hong kong is really close , so you can actually get out of the country, 
  * there was a gold rush happening, 
  so that 's why most aussies of chinese descent have southern chinese customs ( and speak cantonese rather than other dialects ), 
  sniping 's a good job , mate . 
  yeah , but second place is pretty good for a 360 ^ o noscope shot . 
  much . 
  macbooks overheat if you even * look * at them . 
  or game while walking on a treadmill . 
  * more exercise than golf, 
  * more fun than golf, 
  * wear whatever stupid outfits you want, 
  tbh i roll with a combat fit in pub matches because , quite frankly , there 's so few other players worth healing . 
  any drone cruiser or battlecruiser would work , especially armor-tanked ones since you 'll need the mid slots free . 
  i bet this is going to turn out about as well as the queensland health payroll system did . 
  my intel was that the payroll system was a classic case of vendor and client trying to screw each other as fast as possible ... 
  if you cant convice someone to help , then run distribution missions , but getting help is preferable . 
  is there a leader board ? 
  luckily someone has already written a guide for you .
