  actually , that would just mean that they 're not [ fundamentalist ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fundamentalism ) . 
  one of the signs you 're a fundamentalist is that you believe everything in your holy book is true , even the bits that contradict the other bits . 
  whatever type has the tank style i need at the time . 
   is there any other no time consuming way to earn like 500m a month ? 
  500m is like two thirds of a plex , so ten bucks . 
  unless you 've found a method to earn 500m isk/hour in game , it 's a lot faster to just work twenty minutes overtime and buy plex . 
  like eve shopping dot com except for one thing ? 
  why not have multiple orders instead of one massive one ? 
  it does n't take long to fit a script . 
  it even says on the web site that you can combine multiple orders . 
  i 'm hurt . 
  i 'm drinking a big cup of ` be careful what you wish for ' . 
  i know which way i 'd bet . 
  do n't try to spin it , you 've played eve long enough to know about alliance vote brigading . 
  5 free large meals is still cheaper than even the smallest level of fallout over social media . 
  sponksponksponk from tsole runs an eve-dust isk transfer service . 
  i have used him in the past . 
  [ here 's the link ] ( https://forums.dust514.com/default.aspx?g=posts&amp;m=2062607#post2062607 ) . 
  oh , seems like he joined warravens . 
  i finally twigged . 
  orange hair -  leeloo -  multi pass . 
  pie donated about 30 % of the amarr total . 
  that 's * a lot * . 
  `` mayday , mayday ; we are sinking ! '', 
  `` ja , vat are you sinking about ? '', 
  they certainly have more trouble with the american rhotic r than the australian/boston r. 
   and represents his section, 
  hence ` rep ' . 
  um yeah it was leaked days ago . 
  pl is paying xxdeath a share of the rental money to keep control of the drone lands , while it bases its super cap fleet in other regions . 
  because null sec production will be slightly more constrained by jf changes , low sec got a slight indirect boost :(, 
  that 's correct ; he confirmed it in interviews . 
  not a bad post . 
  unlikely . 
  since they 're tied to fw , data core price is more dependent on territorial control than the vagaries of long-term demand . 
  hey now , ~ . 
  pulling the ladder of opportunity up behind them . 
  although , with the way isk has inflated over the last decade , you probably ca n't afford to hire a player to freight it out . 
  just like al gore ` invented ' the internet by allocating the funding to make it happen , whitlam started triple j by starting the ball rolling with a bunch of government money for the arts . 
  keating 's insults were legendary for their in-your-face descriptive imagery . 
  imo , f2p games have three ways to make money :, 
  extract more money from each player, 
  get more players, 
  get players playing for longer, 
  technique 1 is associated with the fly-by-night app games and the seedier side of f2p games . 
  techniques 2 and 3 lend themselves to actually designing enjoyable games without the hard sell . 
  50-90 % bandwidth savings ? 
  um , i 'd think so . 
  text , especially xml and json , is very worth compressing before sending , even if the compression algorithm is dialled down to save on cpu . 
  when you have cache flags set , you can tell your caching proxy to store the compressed version for however many seconds it 's valid for , which further reduces your server load . 
  but yes , in general , for a high-traffic site , you 're either io bound , or io is the largest part of your hosting costs , so it helps to do everything you can to reduce that . 
  depends on the deployment model . 
  for instance , in a cloud environment , as long as you keep the io within the cloud ( ideally , within vms on the same hypervisor ) then it 's not a problem compared to io to the outside world . 
  yes , a second-level db cache is a great idea and increases app performance , but content encoding is * not about * app performance ; it 's about economy of bandwidth use , and ultimately cost savings . 
  it depends what your ship and fit is . 
  for instance , standard crystals use less cap than multifrequency , so there 's some savings there at the expense of some damage . 
  there are elutriation rigs to cut up to 25 % of the capacitor draw of turrets , at the expense of using extra pg fitting ; pandemic legion used to put them on the abaddon fits back when abaddons were a thing . 
  you can fit cap rechargers ( mid slots ) or cap power relays ( low slots ) or cap control circuits ( rigs ) to boost your cap regen . 
  it 's a common technique but you tend to use a lot of slots up . 
  ( at least ccc rigs have no drawbacks ) . 
  alternatively , you can fit a cap booster and stuff your cargo hold full of cap booster charges . 
  that 's what pvp fits do , but if you 're willing to dock up a couple times an hour , then it could also work for running missions . 
  heck , last time i ran missions , there were cap booster charges as loot everywhere i went . 
  a hybrid approach can also work ; ccc rigs + a ( undersize ? ), 
  cap booster to keep you topped up . 
  tldr rich chinese are diversifying their assets . 
  disable eve voice - that seems to improve stability . 
  i 'm up for this . 
   or do the teams make that much of a difference ? 
  [ yes they do . 
  ] ( http://eveblog.allumis.co.uk/?p=1966 ), 
  the two most important things about moving to null :, 
  * joining fees are a scam, 
  * do n't contract anything for transport without collateral sufficient to make you pleased if someone decides to keep your stuff instead . 
  no exceptions . 
  evewalletaware does this ; just run a search with, 
  type like ` planetary ', 
  other apps like jeveassets will show the journal entries but wo n't make neat totals or subtotals . 
  you stopped playing eve but continue with lmeve ? 
  [ it 's not really new . 
  you can see here : http://www.accuvein.com/about-us/news/, 
  it 's been trialled and rolled out to multiple countries years ago . 
  suite, 
  really ? 
  google , amazon , online banking all accept them . 
  admittedly playstation network does n't , but by and large it 's fairly common to accept those characters in my experience . 
   reversible stunning where the animal will regain consciousness, 
  i think it 's less of a case of ' * will * regain consciousness ' and much more of a ` there is a non-zero * chance * it will regain consciousness , but that 's not the way to bet ' . 
  oh my god , karen , you ca n't just ask someone why they 're a collingwood supporter . 
  / r/raisedbynarcissists, 
  just because someone experienced the same thing as you , does n't mean they learned the same lesson . 
  it just happens . 
  at the very least , it will be a valuable life lesson . 
  i think you hit the nail on the head when you said in the comments :, 
   i really think plex stands as an aberration , and it may be soaking up a lot of that extra cash localizing inflation to the one thing that truly counts . 
  uh , you could still target fleet mates by name from the fleet window , just not the overview . 
  train trips for your whole family etc. 
  there were a * few * changes to industry , if you 're into that kind of thing . 
  there 's also some new level 4 missions that involve you going against a single pvp-fit frigate rat , if you enjoy a challenge . 
  are n't the recent ones created by jon hallur ?
