  sugar kyle the csm candidate runs a low sec trade hub . 
  maybe talk to her . 
  would have been a lot more likely if the mining tax had been done properly instead of the massive ad campaign by miners to sway voters against it . 
  big game thrones . 
  this also means there 's a tangible difference between a 4.9 align time and a 5.0 align . 
  chinese are viewed a bit like jews are ; money obsessed , taking jobs from ` real ' nationals etc. 
  it 's just a cultural thing that expresses itself as a racial thing . 
  the indians in fiji cop the same thing , since they tend to have a way stronger work ethic due to their culture ( and they know how bad things are in the old country ), 
  i bet fancy dress parties were a temptation ... 
  drop pods for deploying dust mercs . 
  i would pay isk for someone to do pi for me :(, 
  no , i mean i want someone to run extractors because i keep forgetting to turn them on . 
  in fact , it 's been 11 months since i remembered . 
  newbie level : adorable . 
  it 's not just that ; it 's the fact that 99 % of anomalies in null sec are solo activities , so when an enemy gang rocks up , you just do n't have the organisational capability to immediately retaliate . 
  if , however , there were anomalies that were best run ( or only possible to run ) with say , four ships in a fleet , then when someone in an enyo flies into your system with a couple friends , you have the ability to respond better . 
  note , however , there 's still the inherent information asymmetry between the attacker and the defender at play . 
  the attacker knows what he has available , but does n't know what the defenders have ( but he 's roaming around looking for fights so he 's at least in the right head space ) . 
  the defender does n't know what the attacker has , but in general does n't know the situation of the blues in the same system either ( they could all be watching mlp ) so he 's at another disadvantage . 
  and of course , the attackers could have cynos or cloaked ships which makes the asymmetry worse . 
  i think either will work ; it works for 21-day trials . 
  i would join more squads in-game , if bringing up the team menu did n't take 45 seconds . 
  n3 people claim that n3 means `` no name needed '' but i do n't believe them . 
  n3 ; the 3 stands for 3edgy5me, 
  there 's a reason for that separate subreddit . 
  ironically it was the right time to sell off some of those assets in retrospect . 
  could you explain in your own words what bpd is ? 
  a lot of people have a really shaky grasp of most mental illnesses , and i can just imagine someone thinking `` borderline personality disorder ? 
  so , not a full-blown disorder , but just borderline ? '', 
  `` oh , is n't this a stupid idea competition ? '', 
  google eve vote match . 
  go to fuzzworks web site and put in some likely targets eg talwar with me10 or whatever and get an idea of what you need . 
  you 'll probably find that anything cruiser size or smaller is easier to jump freight in rather than build . 
  anyone who played alien vs predator 1 pretty quickly got used to the alien 's huge fov . 
  `` america has no permanent friends or enemies , only interests '', 
  -- henry kissinger, 
  they changed their minds quite comprehensively on iran , iraq and afghanistan . 
  or just say `` existing members are deemed to be 100 % tribe by blood . '', 
  also , systems that are clumped together are a lot easier to see than ones spread throughout a constellation or region . 
  do you intentionally state outrageous factoids , then call your class on being gullible , preferably ten minutes later after you 've spun a web of more and more elaborate lies ? 
  i do n't think i could resist doing that if i were a teacher . 
  the idea is that if the guaranteed income is $ 400/week , then if you used to be on $ 600/week , you get $ 400 from the government and your boss only has to chip in $ 200 . 
  so , inflation does n't really factor in . 
  when does it come out of reinforcement ? 
  usually it 's 24 hours or more . 
  i agree that , regardless of the communication difficulties , the major problem with fw battles is getting eve players to the contested district in time for them to nuke stuff . 
  maybe someone should talk to / u/ccp _ foxfour about a crest endpoint for active fw battles . 
  it 's not as good as true integration with the eve client , but it 's a lot better than doing it manually . 
  there are two low sec candidates . 
  sugar kyle is the other one . 
  broke buck mountain . 
  how bout finnish ? 
  so , what if the battles are public knowledge ? 
  work for a betting company ? 
  crucible had the longest patch notes since apocrypha , but did n't have a huge feature to hang the expansion on . 
  nevertheless , it was the best expansion in the last few years . 
  i think ccp have realised though , that to fix null sec and sovereignty , the code base needs a lot of back end work to fix . 
  i mean , alliances do n't even really exist in the code , they 're some sort of hacked-together database table that does n't really exist the same way a corporation does . 
  the pos code is all sorts of fucked up , and the code that creates npcs and missions is beyond retarded . 
  at the end of the day , there 's technical aspects and game design aspects , and the technical bits have roadblocks , and the game design is hampered by that and a bit futile to work on before those roadblocks are cleared . 
  a web page that uses linear algebra that , given a blueprint + me level , would tell you what the smallest volume of compressed ore to manufacture it would be with the smallest amount of waste . 
  [ alsace ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alsace ) has been the victim of the france-germany tug of war for centuries , since it 's on the eastern side of the vosges mountains , so it 's the obvious choice for germany to annex when the french are n't paying attention . 
  ships that require multiple players to operate . 
  it 's not you . 
  actually it is . 
  you 're not famous enough . 
  i would download a car . 
  lower than that ; i think the eve servers limit each client 's bandwidth to 14.4 or 28.8 k, 
  i believe sex workers get work cover if they 're injured on the job , which makes sense . 
  they pay taxes , they should get the same cover as a self employed tradesman . 
  you do , but not just for this . 
  which city do you live in ? 
  hell , which country ? 
  if it involved a business transaction , then yeah , they * should * regulate it to ensure the customer 's safety . 
  for instance , prostitutes in australia are legally required to get regular health checks etc. 
  in return , they get workers 's compensation . 
   if scientists came out tomorrow with proof chocolate cake will kill me , it would be difficult to come to terms with , i would not be happy , but i would stop eating chocolate cake . 
  sadly , this does n't seem to be working with me , vs exercise . 
  any regrets ? 
  ask him for occasional dust-related in-game news items . 
  one per release would be nice . 
  come back tomorrow and post pics of the food . 
  i think the best part of tanking is shooting the underside of another tank . 
  venomous spiders are quite common . 
  snakes , too . 
  also jellyfish . 
  god damn those fuckers . 
  houses are fucking expensive in australia ( like , a house would set you back a half-million easy ) . 
  that 's not really due to minimum wage ; it 's due to tax write-offs for investment properties causing a bubble . 
   negates the minimum wage increase, 
  in the sense of `` keeping up with the joneses '' sure . 
  in the sense of `` working poor can now eat '' , no . 
  or maybe your $ 15/hour job is worth more than $ 15 , and raising the minimum wage to that level is a pretty strong signal , yeah ? 
  you say that like it 's a bad thing . 
  a lower minimum wage for teenagers who , generally speaking live with their parents , allows them to enter the workforce and get some experience doing unskilled jobs without competing with adult full-timers . 
  eventually they 'll get older , and their minimum wage will increase so they will compete with other adults on an even footing . 
  successive governments have peeled that back , but it 's still the case that tertiary education can be taken with no up-front payments , and loans pegged to inflation only with payments only mandatory after you reach certain levels of income per year . 
  i 'm fairly certain the minimum wage increase would be a gradual thing . 
  regardless , unless you had fat to cut , then you 'll have to raise prices along with all your competitors . 
  http://www.medibank.com.au/healthcover/singles-insurance/ vov,
