  so what you 're saying is that your employer is underpaying you now , and thus expect your employer to continue to underpay you if the minimum wage increased ? 
  yes , i can see how that 's totally not the fault of your employer . 
  still looks like you 're being an enabler for your company 's shitty behaviour . 
  so add margin by raising prices a bit . 
  the idea is to allow those on the minimum wage to afford things , not to guarantee prices on the entirety of goods and services available for sale . 
  that was quite the non sequitur you made , there . 
  you have one dollar cheese burgers inthe states ? 
  they 're like $ 3.35 in australia , unless there 's a sale , when they are $ 2 . 
  what do you do , by the way ? 
  obviously , buy at least 1 plex , so you know you 'll have one when you resub . 
  personally , i like to keep a year 's plex in jita , but that may be excessive . 
  tbh you just do n't notice the loss . 
  i 'd be a bit disappointed to be earning * only $ 50/hour * as an oracle dba . 
  the crielere incident ? 
  oh , wait , that was when tech 2 was introduced . 
  cost : lots of not-my-money ( i.e. 
  free ), 
  you can buy a 60-day starter code on the sell orders forum for ~ 350m isk . 
  so , that 's 81 days for half a plex . 
  [ source ] ( http://banknotes.rba.gov.au/vision_im.html ), 
  it got as low as 17c here . 
  really ? 
  check code bazaar ? 
  tldr ; galactic north is a thing . 
  apparently op got to * choose * his parents . 
  not unexpected , given the write downs in the last financial report . 
  from a business perspective , it makes sense . 
  probably better to license it to another development house given all the stuff on ccp 's plate . 
  that 's pretty good proof , actually . 
  also fewer pauldrons and gratuitous skulls . 
  do n't be ; extraordinary claims require extraordinary proof . 
  linkedin recommendations from other ccp devs would help . 
  i disagree ; an ice fit vs an ore fit is functionally the same as a shield tanked ishtar vs an armour tanked fit and should not get special handling . 
  ended up selling for ~ 400m, 
  so , bombs are a good skill counter to numbers ? 
  that 's not such a terrible thing you know . 
  ping me if you have no luck by the weekend and i 'll see what i can scrounge up . 
  approximately all there is to have . 
  do n't ( risk ) what you ca n't afford to lose . 
  literally 21 hours ago . 
  i learned all about the gervais principle from eve . 
  oh , it was just a realisation , from an organisational psychology perspective , how incredibly important it is to have useful idiots fulfilling middle management positions to sell pronouncements from upper management in a palatable manner , and how it 's ultimately pointless to give loyalty to an organisation that is incapable of returning it ( loyalty to people is one thing ; loyalty to a company is very much a different thing ) . 
  so , i 'm now a freelance consultant ; i 've checked out of pointless striving for advancement but am enlightened to the power that you assume when you have the option of saying ` you know , this sucks , i do n't have to work here , so i 'm not . 
  aideron robotics is a gallente faction warfare newbie friendly corp. 
  it 's more regular employment than most arts degree holders i know . 
  australian here . 
  we do this as well , to a lesser extent . 
  sounding like steve irwin does n't fly quite as effectively in a board room as it does in the outback . 
  how do you describe frasier 's accent anyway ? 
  edit : ah , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mid-atlantic_english, 
  what time zone do you play ? 
  try mining way over in khanid . 
  i know a mining corp there . 
  please help drk industry tracker . 
  you could probably get the source code of [ lmeve ] ( http://pozniak.pl/database/ ) from lukas ; i do n't think he plays eve any more . 
  we 're totally up for an egg cracked onto the middle of the pizza before it goes into the oven . 
  literally . 
   blandness is also an australian food trait . 
  first , define ` australian food ' . 
  but before that , in the 1980s , a family pizza was $ 23.95 , which was a shit load of money ( like , $ 60 these days ) . 
  having no competition is a terrible thing . 
  fair enough . 
  seems like you kept to the anglo food though . 
  lol $ 8m , scrub . 
  sincerely , qantas . 
  max skill exploration alt maybe ? 
  i do n't think the duct deal covered the copper lines . 
  so , if nbnco wants to use fttn , the copper suddenly comes into play . 
  cue being bent over a barrel because the govt needs to get a deal with telstra , otherwise the fttn plan falls apart and telstra knows it . 
  in normal circumstances , if telstra charged too much for copper , nbnco would just say `` fuck it , we 're rolling ftth , get out '' , but then labor would crucify the libs so that 's off the table . 
  check out / u/seleene 's coins he made :, 
  alternatively , buy a bunch of the eve playing cards to hand out . 
  i submit that clone packs * should * be worse than transferring clones from an existing district , especially when compared to moving clones offensively from one district to another . 
  tsole came perilously close to taking districts from other corps with 100 clones ; districts that would have been achievable with 120 . 
  the clones are n't the problem ; the concentration of opponents is . 
  it 's a symptom of the root problem -- that there 's no tier 2 corps in pc any more ( especially considering the money that can be paid for tier 1 ringers from the profits of holding territory ) . 
  it 's not the cause . 
  narrative level : executive . 
  ahn do writes about his experiences as a kid , on a boat from vietnam all the way to australian waters . 
  the corax is decent . 
  you 'll eventually need to train destroyers to get access to cruisers anyway , so it 's not wasted skill points . 
  lowsec , as befits the criminal nature of autz . 
  weekly cap is tripled due to live event , so omega booster will net you 1.2 m sp if you cap . 
  oh god day of the tentacle \\* squee \\*, 
   financial markets in the real world are entirely based on trust, 
  if by trust you mean ` lawsuits ' then yes . 
  was expecting mach to get a 7.5 % falloff bonus instead of 10 % . 
  a bit more difficult without a game to point at and say ' i did that ' . 
  pick up some barge blueprints while you 're in outer ring . 
  you can use macros to mirror commands to multiple eve windows , but you ca n't use them to turn one command into a series of commands . 
  that 's a phallusy . 
  they * blow * . 
  ~ ~ fixed ~ ~ fibre to the basement is marginally adequate infrastructure , not quality . 
  five times is only from war points though . 
  set the background to be the apocrypha wall paper and call it done . 
  cultural victory :p, 
  but i liked the bottle neck of manufacturing and research . 
  manufacturing costs would have to rise fifty times to make a dent in profit for most items . 
  i just assumed that new development would happen on crest . 
  surely that would be the way forward?deprecate old api , move to new hotness ?
