  but we might be creating two problems that way : letting the market grow an innovate ( now it moves !, 
  now it resists !, 
  now you can upload a picture and we 'll base our mold on it !, 
  ) , and at the same time growing the invigilation state . 
  curbing the market down as early as possible is imo a good idea . 
  but as you said , also not without it 's risks . 
  damned if you do , damned if you do n't . 
  it is !, 
  and not necessarily at a cost of a brain drain for ukraine - they tend to do as much overtime as possible to save money and/or send it back home . 
  recent visa changes will also mean that those workers do n't need to take pause working to see their family - but rather their family can visit them . 
  i work in an industry that competes with germans on quality , chinese on cost , and will collapse within 10 years without ukrainians because most skilled labour force is 50 yo and older . 
  and on top of that , we can understand eachother fine just each speaking our native language . 
  but praise aside , in my original comment i meant it 's not a case of `` allowing '' them to come for cheap labour , but praying that they do for the skillset they bring to the table . 
  all of europe is for example starved for doctors , emts and nurses , most tradesmen , and even the contruction workers . 
  not just that . 
  ukrainians have tradesmen we desperately lack because we closed most our trade schools because a ) our government wanted a high ratio of people attending universities , nevermind needs of the job market and b ) peoe finish certain tradeschools but do n't want to work in that trade ( ie seamstresses ) . 
  pay requirements are secondary . 
  yes . 
  after soviets installed a puppet government , they tortured and murdered any former insurgents they could find over the next 10-15 years . 
  which is another tragic but crucial lesson to be learned , one crucial to understand ie current syrian conflict . 
  westerners have a very dangerous opinion that we are past genocidal wars . 
  it was coordinated to start with a tank battle taking place east of warsaw . 
  not just to serve as a diversion , but so that when soviets entered warsaw , enough of it would be under polish control . 
  but soviets stopped on the east bank and waited the insurgents out , denying any help even with supply drops , even lending their airstrips . 
  and after katy\u0144 massacre , this was another episode where poles lost a lot of its elites as well as promising youth . 
  with 20/20 hindsight some historians denounce the uprising as voluntary martyrdom . 
  this heroism vs voluntary slaughter narrative dominates public discourse in poland because that 's what krakovian and warsovian school of hiatory squabble over . 
  but an important thing about it is that many of the fighters are still alive today and can tell their story . 
  we have a lot of information about how it was planned , started , carried on , how it ended and what far reaching consequences it had . 
  comparing their pov , facts and historians judgements will tell you a lot about the disconnect between reality of historical moments vs historical judgments once everything plays out , is written down and synthezised . 
  tl : dr a cautionary tale about heroism but also about how historical narrative is bent by always being retroactive . 
  the man is the wealthiest polish eu parliment representative . 
  he 's made well over 10 mil between his columns and right-wing publishing house . 
  he says what will sell , and evidently - it sells well . 
  no need to suspect conspiracies imo . 
  he 's annoyed so many people for so long that any dirt would 've been dropped already . 
  but it 's always entertaining to see right-wing start throwing their usual insults at their own , and upr ousting was especially comical . 
  it was after he was ousted from unia polityki realnej and while he was shitting on zjednoczona prawica . 
  narrative was that he 's sabotaging right-wing by pulling his usual shit right before elections , which supposedly was the reason why his parties ( mostly upr ) kept losing under his reign . 
  as a reconstructor who 's had people barge into his tent , stir chow in his bowl - that is exactly what i and some other friends called it at times , but that 's beside the point in this context . 
  i realize you were trying to make a strawman , not actually use that example in a constructive way . 
  the key difference would be who does it for whom , and for what purpose . 
  every historical re-enactor is invested in what they do . 
  take wolin for example - the reason why those huts feel as if someone lived in them and just left - is because that 's exactly the case . 
  each hut belongs to some group who spends time living in it , and what 's in them reflects that - the hut of a fisherman is used by a guy who actually focuses on that . 
  what is known as `` human zoo '' was usually a for profit creation which degraded various colonials ( and dwarves , albinos and hunchbacks ) . 
  it did n't reflect their material culture , much less their actual culture . 
  it is not a term i just invented , it 's not some `` leftist '' term . 
  just a part of history of europe and colonialism . 
  take it up with history . 
  btw - fun fact - `` human zoos '' were actually a leftist concoction . 
  or rather relied on ideas that were later incorporated by marxists ( material culture = exact indicator of cultural advancement ) , and yes they are present ( and annoying to deal with ) in some reconstruction parks ( whereas others make a point to break with that paradigm - ie wonderful [ biskupin ] ( http://www.biskupin.pl/ ) park ) . 
  dear fellow lewacki zdrajco narodu , you 're far too optimistic . 
  gp , as biased as it is , is nowhere near far right in poland . 
  gp is on a cross between gw and polityka as far as quality and bias go . 
  a bit sillier perhaps ( they and their readers claimed mswia spooks were buying all issues off shelves as explanation why it was hard to get in some places - i outsmarted the counter intelligence agents by trying a kiosk in shittier neighbourhood rather than a city centre mall ) , but mainstream for our right . 
  do n't underappreciate how crazy our right wing is , mordo zdradziecka , 
  dear fellow lewacki zdrajco narodu , you 're far too optimistic . 
  gp , as biased as it is , is nowhere near far right in poland . 
  gp is on a cross between gw and polityka as far as quality and bias go . 
  a bit sillier perhaps ( they and their readers claimed mswia spooks were buying all issues off shelves as explanation why it was hard to get in some places - i outsmarted the counter intelligence agents by trying a kiosk in shittier neighbourhood rather than a city centre mall ) , but mainstream for our right . 
  do n't underappreciate how crazy our right wing is , mordo zdradziecka , 
  as resembling the human zoos germans were fond of in beginning of xxc . 
  wait , actual human zoo is not comparable to a skit depicting one ? 
  please explain . 
  yeah , except no . 
  you 're talking out of your ass , as con-servatives lately tend to . 
  there is a `` human zoo '' exhibition at dresden museum of military - hell , it has more items than entire subject of holocaust ( admittedly that just means more than 1 ) . 
  keeping to germany , there was one in 2005 in augsburg . 
  people complained , but contrary to your 100 % confidence - nobody ended in jail . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/1491902/german-zoo-sparks-outrage-by-parading-africans-next-to-baboons.html conservative persecution complex is really trying hard to out-whine hippies . 
  i guess a victory is a victory . 
  maybe they could produce a remake of the 1612 movie : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/1612_ ( film ), 
  not sure how to understand that . 
   emmanuel macron said he would push for a decentralization of collective bargaining to individual company level , so companies are more free and negotiate with their own workers . 
  could someone explain how it works now ? 
  pro-union corporations like toyota push for good representation at factory level , so this bit confused the hell out of me . 
  because that 's what 's available in large chains . 
  that said , there 's plenty of small shops and online sites that re-sell chems and food from german retailers . 
  i used to be irked by people ignoring that central europe is a thing , but i 'd not care anymore if we 're called easties . 
  we could tie that into the beer brewing !, 
   the eu should bring in directives to standardize products . 
  you lost me on this part though . 
  i 'm all for calling those companies out . 
  maybe even forcing them to put in plain view that given product is 2nd or 3rd tier ( if they sell similar product but of different quality elsewhere ) if someone can think of a system that 'd not make comptrollers in factories all commit suicide come first quarterly report . 
  but centrally steered economy is bad m ` kay ? 
  it can sound nice on paper when limited to 1-2 problems it 's supposed to alleviate , but then you ought to ask yourself this : [ is this how you get crippling corruption ? 
  because france specifically fucked their shit up beyond recognition , and it 's colonialism as well as post colonial meddling are a source of a lot of it 's modern problems ( including wars and poverty ) 2 . 
  while basing off western media nothing happens in africa at all ever ( except maybe that one kony guy ) , in recent years african countries successfully tackled a lot of problems . 
  they managed to bring stability and introduce peaceful resolution to region where for decades it was a game of coup whack-a-mole . 
  and in strolls a young frenchman and pisses in their cereal . 
  this is low . 
  this is like if angela merkel started shitting over how poland has inferior economy . 
  or if the british started musing how in the world did middle east get so fucked up ( which iirc they actually had the balls to do last year ) . 
  or to hit closer to home - if putin dissed lithuania [ for not having much in terms of intellectual elites after ww2 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nkvd_prisoner_massacres ) . 
  do you see how someone could be angry about that specific leader making that specific accusation - even if it 's technically true ? 
  found [ a theme song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxnhl4j_s00 ) for the ribbon-cutting , 
  i just picked 2 post soviet countries for closer simile , and from those , two i know have either close/worse level of corruption ( romania based on news stories from last year ) and who have it close/better ( and czechia just in general seems to handle shit better , though it might be a case of greener pasture goggles ) . 
  as someone who will never in a 1000 years vote for pis ... we 're not exactly spoiled for choices . 
  in poland , if you 're not disgusted by political parties - you just do n't know enough about them .
