  i meant euromaidan . 
  but back to your point - i 've had a funny moment last year , when we were waiting for the shooting range to clear . 
  last group was stretching their time , so the 6 of us started chatting . 
  after a short chat it turned out 5 of us were reconstructors :d it 's great at multi national tournaments , because our patriotism is usually rooted in pride , and not antagonisms . 
  and the people you fight with the hardest you then party with the hardest . 
  ukrainians have shown they 're made of steel at prague battle of the nations in 2015 . 
  and i do n't mean only that they were iirc the only team to take down russians . 
  after the tournament , there was a royal melee . 
  all the fighters divided into 2 even-ish teams . 
  as fighters got injured and too exhausted , 21 russians remained on one side , and 8 ukrainians , and 1 crazy-ass new zealander on the other . 
  for about 20 minutes . 
  now , the fights were until no fighters were standing from either team . 
  when the teams were even , russians usually lost 2-3 fighters vs the fallen 21 . 
  so you can guess how the bouts looked like with 21 pro and semi pro fighters vs 9 semi pro and amateur competitors . 
  this lasted for at least 20 minutes : stomp into the ground , form ranks , rinse and repeat . 
  one ukrainian in particular was always first to get back into a ready position , and the rest kept forming the line . 
  the stands were clapping and encouraging at first , but after a few bouts there was an eerie silence . 
  finally , the russian captain/coach formed two lines , bowed and russians yielded field . 
  in the end , russian fighters showed class , and ukrainians showed amazing heart . 
  and the fights were unusually clean - probably the only bouts russian team participated in throughout the weekend which did n't end in an ambulance ride . 
  as a sidenote - many ukrainian fighters took part in ~ ~ orange revolution ~ ~ [ euromaidan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euromaidan ) , and 1 was killed by a sniper ( one of 77 killed ) . 
  edit : brainfarted pretty hard , i meant euromaidan, 
  i actually like this turn of phrase , and here 's why : russia is the mekka of [ knight fighting ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/58f6sh/russia_is_producing_a_viking_movie/d907xpx ) . 
  this title electrified anyone dabbling in historical reconstruction . 
  and the fight scenes will be absolutely amazing . 
  russia has professional [ knight fighting ] ( https://youtu.be/ugkl_jvvolw ) leagues ( m1 medieval , wmcf ) , and during the equivalent of world championship - [ battle of the nations ] ( https://youtu.be/fmbabqzxose ) they usually send 3 teams , and take 1-2 podium places . 
  this movie is going to be dope !, 
  yeah , we can expect waves of greeks and spaniards to emigrate to alt-utopias of turkey and russia aaaaaaaanyyyy day now . 
  yeah , and even if they did - who cares . 
  great news , should n't have gotten into a pedantic mode over nothing . 
  this is more aimed at ie families of doctors who often stay full time in poland and send money home . 
  in other trades ( ie seamstresses ) the ukrainians who come here do n't want to be separated from their families but they 're the ones for whom travel is easier , so they have to take a lot of time off of working and earning . 
  now their families will be able to visit . 
  ditto for owners of ie textile factories who can go to germany , poland , denmark or italy to get in contact with textile franchises and contract work . 
  and these are just examples i know of . 
  if there 's one complaint i 've heard in poland about ukrainian workers it 's that they do n't want to stay . 
  personally you do n't see any harm in it , because it 's not an issue you ever face . 
  mr dutchman  it does remind me of how poland is consistently called eastern europe - at a certain point it ceases being plausible all those journalists , politicians and laymen never heard of central europe and it 's an honest mistake . 
  aww ... we mostly want it because [ w\u0142adek was an awesome king ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/w%c5%82adys%c5%82aw_ii_jagie%c5%82%c5%82o ) . 
  full disclousure , our politicians are still arrogant power hungry dickwads . 
  but maybe we can pull czechia into the mix ? 
  their guys seem to have their shot together . 
  and how do you know this for a fact ? 
  for now , ukrainian workers are known for doing what poles claimed they would - they come to earn some money and go back to ukraine . 
  at least that 's the case in textiles and construction in poland . 
  medical doctors on the other hand stay here for longer and send money home . 
  there 's definitely a huge risk of what you 've mentioned , but you might be underestimating ukrainians . 
  would n't mind if they stayed tbh , but at least for now and in fields i have access to - they just want to get an education or some startup money and go back home to their families . 
  sort of - media and laymen often use these innacurate shorthand terms , and that _ maybe _ there 's no need to get our collective panties in a bunch . 
  maybe the most obvious example of this is how term yanks is used in us vs rest of the world . 
  yeah , well lets get back to it when brits learn what central europe is . 
  i absolutely referred to irish and scots as british if i meant to mention people from british isles but not from 1 particular nation . 
  and i recall the jokes top gear made in tgt - about how when non-english make an invention or are succesfull , suddenly they 're british . 
  good example , false premise . 
  noooo , croatia is , um ugly !, 
  and hot !, 
  unless you like snorkeling , playing with crabs , diving in sea without sand in every orifice , or possibly mountain hiking or wandering around venetia / westeros like cities and villages , there 's nothing to do there !, 
  unless you like jazz festivals , then i guess you can visit groznjan . 
  or would like to see medieval festivals , but that 's waaay off in koprivnica . 
  and what are you gon na eat ? 
  calmari and istrian pizza ? 
  dammit , i wan na go to croatia again :(, 
  from us through britain and belgium to poland , bigots being loudmouths show that at least stupidity transcends nations . 
  pretty sure people more and more often file this sort of shit as `` eh , right wingers looking for a fight as usual '' rather than putting it on a specific nation . 
  or maybe it 's just my own projections and wishful thinking . 
  to a varying degree we 've all got some shit to work through in our public discourse . 
  i guess norwegians and czechs and estonians get to be judgy , but they 've had that going for them for a while . 
  ... yes ? 
  no refunds . 
  for what it 's worth , polish writers and historians are deeply aware of that . 
  hell , our national epic begins with ogniem i mieczem , which shows khmelnitsky uprising as a matter of another nation fighting for freedom . 
  and for whatever good anecdotes will do , my history yeacher who was a fiery dmowski apologist also stressed the moments in our history ( ie fighting spanish insurgency along napoleon ) when we were fucking up . 
  btw - can i ask what your background is ? 
  i read a bunch of your comments in this thread and you seem to have a far better grasp on finer details of polish-ukrainian relations than i 'd expect from a layman from another country . 
  if you 're ukrainian , what 's taught about dmowski in your schools ? 
  opposition to nordstream started with previous government because it is obvious not that putin _ would _ use it against poland and ukraine - russia does it consistently . 
  but putting a wedge between uk and eu , weakening position of poland by beck-ish posturing detached from reality ( ie the posturing before rome - as party secretary kaczy\u0144ski was visiting uk , our puppet minister szyd\u0142o ( who 's not even the first to know when kaczy\u0144ski fires her ministers ) was `` demanding '' a number of items which at the time were for more than a week in the final draft of the document . 
  they are also dismantling our military - for context , ever since afghanistan and iraq , our right wing and military-spec media were lauding our involvement because it meant experienced military . 
  now that our generals are leaving en masse , and their places are taken by politically appointed ex-retailers pis pretends there 's no issue . 
  they will fund ridiculous national guard when our career soldiers do n't have enough ammo for live-round and dynamic exercises . 
  opposition to nordstream is something started by po , although if pis was at the steer they 'd have done so then as well , it 's obvious to anyone but germans how dangerous it is to security of europe . 
  but there 's more to international and internal security than this issue they managed to get right . 
  he may not be openly and knowingly siding with putin , but either by hubris or stupidity he and pis keep furthering putins agenda as outlined in dugins foundations of geopolitics . 
  because crimean tatars do n't take shit from nobody . 
  when push comes to shove they were always fighting for their freedom . 
  polish epic revolves mostly around [ khmelnytsky uprising ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/khmelnytsky_uprising ) , russians did n't wait long with declawing them asap after wwii : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/deportation_of_the_crimean_tatars when left to their own devices , crimean tatars will buck under anyone who tries to subdue them . 
  seriously . 
  i read the headline and thought `` well duh '' . 
  was quite surprised they accuse it of being _ anti _ brexit . 
  my impression was that it kept parroting whatever gov days , even if some authors do so without much effort to sell it . 
  i guess their beef is the same as most right-wingers - they 're angry someone who spends their life researching and writing about politics ends up with opinions of their own . 
  and that they are not always the same views as theirs . 
  to which the non biased alternative is truth vehicles like daily mail , braitbart , info wars etc. 
  well yeah - since when they wanted to change their system , warsav pact nterwened - sadly with ie polish forces . 
  most poles are happy with eu , there 's more euroenthusiasm here than ie in germany . 
  pis on the other hand benefits from picking fights and distracting from their shitty governance by showing outside danger . 
  like most other right wing parties , pis needs a steady supply of opponents to fight . 
  hence the constant if half-hearthed fights with eu . 
  and why enlisting eu help in fighting constitual tribunal changes was about the dumbest thing opposition could 've done . 
  that said , she 's just a puppet .
