  does n't make me a catholic though . 
  : rhetorical `` you '' , not / u/thefenian420 `` you '' . 
  my guess is she wanted him to get the fuck out of uk , and direct reach of tabloids . 
  he was bound to remain in the spotlight - bestbshe could do is ship him off as far as possible . 
  i 've heard two bishops and multiple priests repeat that polish population is 90 % catholic . 
  as an atheist that had all `` a '' ( actually 6 ) in religion classes ( ditching it inevitably brings your avr grade down ) purely because i had minimal interest in the subject ... 
  i 'd doubt 50 % . 
  until i moved to a much more conservative city i have met 5-8 people who read at least parts of the bible , and shown any interest in it . 
  maybe they 're actually religious . 
  but would you call a `` trekkie '' or even a star trek fan someone who watched 2 episodes ( though with bad dubbing ) and once a year listens to a cosplayer do a podcast ? 
  and every year it 's about the same 2-3 episodes . 
  many parishes will not cross you off even if you take action to become apostate . 
  those who never believed , rarely practice , and just do n't give a damn - bump up their numbers . 
  carholics unless proven otherwise . 
  well they [ do age nicely ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-nusqhs-dycs/vomdqymgdli/aaaaaaaabg0/ce8yq3xriug/s1600/666x405.jpg ) :d, 
  welp , guilty as charged . 
  i wish kurds all the best in forming their own country , largely because of the history my country remembers , as do ie greeks . 
  it 's an explosive subject , but that 's no excuse to pretend it 's not there . 
  edit : and the kicker : from our own time of being off the maps , ottomans have earned recognition in our history books for continuously bringing up '' [ eh , whatever happened to those crazy horse-slavs ? 
  ] ( http://poloniaottomanica.blogspot.com/2014/02/where-is-deputy-of-lehistan.html ) '' . 
  [ i 'm impressed . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=epvmkftvbe8 ) galil-like vibe to it . 
  the recent cozing up to putin is what makes people weary . 
  there 's already a lot of tradesmen from ukraine working in eu . 
  ability to visit family will hopefully encourage some of them to come here , and anchor themselves more . 
  yes , but individual countries can lift restrictions on working there , like how uk lifted restriction on workers before other countries did ( but after accession iirc ) . 
  which i hope poland will do asap for ukrainians . 
  in my low-income town there 's no shortage of low paying jobs , but we also need tradesmen , * badly * . 
  i just hope our right wingers do n't pick them as scapegoats . 
  it is ... challenging to be an anti-immigrant in a country of emigrants :p, 
  let them bring up refugee crisis . 
  they set fire under that pot , then helped the flames go higher and now get pissy about it boiling over . 
  we went there , started wars and destabilized the region ( my country added freebie help not only with the war part but also helped to smuggle captives to be held without trial and tortured in guantanamo ) , and are refusing to even acknowledge it might be our fault to begin with !, 
  war is so much neater when it happens `` over there '' . 
  this is a conversation we need to have . 
  european countries , uk being perhaps worst in this regard have designed this region with those issues , throwing in isreal to spice things up . 
  then , they kept fucking with their internal politics ( algeria , iran ) and kept supporting israel in taking lebensraum from palestinians . 
  then for a good measure started/helped with some more wars there . 
  and now we 're surprised people are trying to get away from those countries we kept fucking with . 
  now , when we look at numbers a huge number of immigrants have nothing to do with these conflicts . 
  if there were n't any terrorist operatives in first waves , we 've been giving isis tips it 's a good idea for so long they must 've caught on by now . 
  i 'm still against taking in unvetted people and with no control and little thought . 
  but god dammit , how about we have an honest conversation on what 's led to this in the first place ? 
  if uk wants to bring it up ... ok . 
  but as with brexit - they should consider what they 're wishing for . 
  ie last week he 's settled a fraud lawsuit . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/nov/18/donald-trump-university-settles-president-lawsuit-25-million he also held not one , but two meetings with foreign representatives , with no briefing from state department . 
  one of those , a meeting with japanese foreign miniater , he held together with ivanka , foreshadowing the future conflicts of interests . 
  http://amp.timeinc.net/fortune/2016/11/18/ivanka-trump-shinzo-abe/ he 's not president yet , but he already keeps fucking up . 
  good point . 
  sadly , media still do n't pay slightest attention to what he does , and take bait on every distraction he produces . 
  but it 'd be interesting if all communication from dc was ignored , no talking points repeated , and instead journalist would spend time reading bills and talking to lawyers , businessmen , sec advisers - and report on merit of political proposals . 
  at the very least , we could play hockey in hell then . 
  why ? 
  well , traffic on highways will improve immensly ( silesians will have some catching up to do ) . 
  an earlier dradt explicitly said they '' d be authorised to use machine guns as a deterrent to anti-goverment activities . 
  quite possibly . 
  exhibit a : the person who posts on reddit regularly is likely dumber than boris just based off of how much they procrastinate . 
  me , i 'm probably dwarfed by johnson in every way , including looks . 
  i 'd be totally out of my element interacting with him . 
  much like he appears to be out of his element when he talks to people who spent decades working on regulating markets without disrupting them . 
  there 's always someone dumber . 
  is that your bar for leaders of a multi milion nation , and one of biggest economies in the world ? 
  that there 's random people on the internet who are dumber ? 
  what a year . 
  we 're fortunate to have a great train connection there , so i 'm just abusing that :d, 
  there are so many great museums there , but focusing solely/primaly on military aspect that it may be a better idea to visit with some other nerds . 
  twice a year they have a night of museums - free admissions to all the museums . 
  may be worth coordinating a trip one day - though i assume only if you can also snatch some offpriced plane tickets . 
  this year it 's september 17 ^ th , in 2018 it 's sept 15 , etc. 
  i 'd reccomend starting with bundeswehr museum of military history because it 's a bit further off , and then going by taxi to old town - where you 'll easily spend the rest of the night , and see the scorched old town during the golden hour . 
  dresden is really worth visiting if you 're a history nerd . 
  or , after 2017 - to see how kings landing would look like if danny took drogon on a fly-by . 
  i 'm on mobile , but if you look old city of dresden up in google maps , and go to street view - you can still easily see the scale of destruction - they never power washed all those scorched stone buildings . 
  have you ever heard the arguments in favour of using atomic bombs in japan ? 
  it goes that prolonged war would have cost more lives . 
  and rhat more civilian deaths were caused by carpet bombings . 
  and invariably the chief example of how conventional bombardment was worse than atomic bombs is dresden - a city of no militaty importance , with no militaty related industry , burned literally to the ground . 
  if you visit dresden nowadays you 'll see plenty of old buildings - the ones made out of stone , scorched on all sides by inferno of those bombings . 
  and _ also _ , because it 's author was there during the bombings as a pow , dresden is the setting of one of most anti-war books in american literature - slaughterhouse 5 . 
  tried looking his explanation up , but the man seems be a vague as he is confident to be right . 
  and other nations will surely fall over eachother to give uk great deals when they 'll know there 's a hard timeline . 
  funny thing is - if they want to export to eu or import from eu - they will still need to comply with eu regulations . 
  but also on top of that with uk regulations , unless they just follow any and all eu regulations blindly . 
  so more laws to comply with - but with less input . 
  such sovereignty . 
  wow . 
  well i guess the choice to get fucked by _ double _ the regulation _ was _ a sovereign choice . 
  not sure how they hoped to avoid foreign regulation without a self-sustaining economy though . 
  come on buddy !, 
  the article is not _ that _ long . 
  the pest does not live in living trees . 
  the colonies prefer living trees in long term , but a tree falling is not an apocalypse for the little buggers . 
  they live under bark . 
  if they wanted the cuttings to reduce its numbers they 'd have to debark the trees . 
  otherwise the colonies have plenty of time to abandon the cut trees and move to healthy trees . 
  right there in the article + mentioned by numerous ecologysts . 
  oh , you just do n't know what an ngo is ? 
  how about you turn down the shouty soap box on issues you seem to know literally nothing about , commie shitposter ? 
  the fuck is your problem with ngo 's ?
