  say you have dirt on allies and opponents alike thanks to widespread invigilation ( what a wild theory ) . 
  you bring charges against your opponents , and you keep your allies in check . 
  and if one of your allies displeases you - you throw them to the wolves to prove you 're actually bipartisan in your enforcement . 
  example of the above happed lately in russia : https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-11-15/russia-charges-minister-in-highest-level-graft-case-under-putin and this is the reason why polish government has been accused of anti democratic standards - because pis set up a justice minister who is also attorney general and can order to dismiss or start any investigation . 
  immunity from persecution during tenure should be lifted only in cases where they do n't affect how a representative can carry out their duties . 
  and it 's voters job to kick them off the job if they want to - at which point the law enforcement should be able to prosecute ( statue of limitations ought to be prolonged , though i 'm not sure how often that 's the case nor how it is in france specifically ) . 
  it 's a shitty setup that routinely backfires and ought to be improved . 
  but it prevents even worse fuckups . 
  wild thought appears ... maybe they are not , were not and will not be antiestablishment at all ? 
  but you keep rephrasing the same generalisation . 
  3 comments , but oy o e thought . 
  what nuance is misrepresented ? 
  how so ? 
  how is it in reality ? 
  for example : this article hits close to home for me being from another post soviet country , poland . 
  at one point we even elected ex-communists on the point of `` well , they 're thieving but unless not incompetent '' . 
  who people vote for ( or rather against ) here seems to be dictated mostly by which scandals they 're aware of . 
  and our biggest charity ( wo\u015ap ) is opposed actively by right wingers , and i ca n't shake the feeling it 's because it teaches its volunteers how to organize . 
  this is what `` elaborate '' means - write more , not again . 
  hardly a new thought : it 's somethig all post soviet countries struggle with ( except maybe estonians ) . 
  not only on russia . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/homo_sovieticus as i read it it was hitting close to home for poland as well . 
  another issue is that she wants to shape a country based on that incomplete perception of world around her . 
  terrorists murdering people , and slipping through law enforcement even though they were investigated as terrorists by allied intelligence ? 
  therese has a clear solution !, 
  got ta curb down the wanking !, 
  i do n't suppose he was the first to play that card , but this tactic was known in ancient greece indeed :  dionysius ' career as a despot occurred after he was given six hundred personal mercenaries to guard his person after faking an attack on his own life . 
  he was able to increase this guard to one thousand and gradually consolidated his power and established himself as a tyrant . 
  yeah , nobody cares now . 
  i assume both countries plan to be around for a few decades , centuries or thousands of years . 
  nationalists happen . 
  and pointing to an outside enemy to distract from powercreep and/or economic downtyrns remains to be the go-to trick for populists . 
  hell , some pull it off during economic upturn or stabilization . 
  just find pissed off voters and tell them they ` be princes if not for adversary . 
  no - but just because events benefit the group they were supposed to hurt , does not mean they were actually a conspiracy . 
  and just because i provided 4 examples of such big opportunities used by governments , does not mean i think literally all history follows some sort of simplistic theme applicable to those 4 examples meant to be a simile to a very specific example of turkish coup . 
  because signs in public transport and anti terrorism are not handled by the same bloke ? 
  how do you people not know how budgeting a government works ? 
  a certain amount of money is given for transit upkeep , among other things . 
  why would it have to be staged ? 
  reichstag fire was not staged , but it propelled hitler to more power . 
  [ january uprising ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/january_uprising ) in xix occupied commonwealth was not staged but had the consequence of decimating lithuanian and polish elites and was the reason for removing autonomy of occupied kingdom . 
  theresa may certainly did not stage terrorist attacks , but is using them to outright attack human rights in uk . 
  you also do n't have to assume 9/11 was a conspiracy to think it was used to propel political and financial agenda . 
  in eve of 6 day war you 'd probably be laughed at if you told egyptian or syrian leaders they are about to set up israel to become more entranched in their area and even expand their territory history is not made out of conspiracies . 
  just lots and lots of circumstances and people trying to make most out of them after the fact . 
  falling forward . 
  yup , usa was the only of 195 signatories who would n't have to make any sacrifices . 
  and who certainly will not have opportunity to export photovoltaic technology now that upcoming economies are supposed to focus on that . 
  poor little us . 
  good thing you 've elected someone with firm grasp of this whole issue . 
  you would n't want to make a decision like that just to get a `` win '' for your base without considering wider picture and knowing more than some bulletpoints . 
  from this article i 've learned a lot about peoples opinions , and exactly 1 tangible fact : that so far the cory increased number of uniformed cops in those areas . 
  i get that it 's a difficult subject to breech with both sides lying through their teeth - but years ago journalists were able to investigate banlieuses and deliver if not numbers - an image of reality there . 
  here , we got two images of what people _ want _ the situation to be . 
  and given that the response was increased police presence , to which 1 person objected ( because who needs even a fucking strawpoll , let 's cite this one lady , that 'll do ) - ca n't they put out undercover cops instead of uniformed ? 
  assuming a significant number of people would mind more police presence in those areas . 
  not just that , but he [ already pushed mexico towards china ] ( https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2017/05/mexicos-revenge/521451/ ) , now he 's pushed eu toward china . 
  xi must be getting pretty tired of winning ... oh , and he 's giving european nato members shit for not investing in military in the year in which several countries want to spend a lot on smallarms - giving ammo to kh , cz etc in claiming us just wanted to force people to buy their shit . 
  558d covfefe upside : trumperinas crying about how paris agreement was not going to do enough to combat climate change is pretty entertaining in a grim sort of way . 
  they 're doing really good job separatig what they say on radio maryja and other media . 
  though tvp is really on the line nowadays . 
  and 3-ka is nearing it . 
  nope , here their nickname is pisiorki - peckers . 
  ah , but that demographic has a certain tilt in how they vote ... 
  straight from lower intestine then . 
  there is no shortage of books by ex intelligence people and war correspondents on how terrorism works . 
  and you seem to have read none of them . 
  which is weird . 
  i mean , if you like to sound like you know jack shit about it , would n't it be fun to actually read something on the subject ? 
  or would it interfere with your busy schedule of bullshitting and repeating alt-reich talking points on the interwebs ? 
  [ not happy with a military report on iraq ? 
  how about an article by time on the subject ] ( http://world.time.com/2013/01/02/afghanistans-ied-complex-inside-the-taliban-bomb-making-industry/ ) . 
  will that fit in your time buddy ? 
  maybe [ an audiobook ] ( https://www.amazon.co.uk/dining-terrorists-meetings-worlds-militants/dp/140504716x ) then . 
  but nah , it 's better to just trust your _ gut _ , abd spout bullshit all day long . 
  that 'll teach 'em filthy libruls . 
  knowledge is just a part of lubrul agenda ai n't that right . 
  oh , so you know of a country where bombs are made by illiterates ? 
  where bombs are used by the same people who construct them ? 
  enlighten me . 
  or are you still talking out of your ass ? 
  because i wanted to point out a difference between having knowledge how to do x and actually doing it , and for that period i can cite titles and sources if need be without googling . 
  have you read literally any books on subject of contemporary terrorism ? 
  who fucking told you bomb-makers making ieds are illiterate ? 
  chestnuts against diamonds you could n't make a reliable receiver-transmitter system with elon fucking musk watching over your shoulder . 
  in iraq ieds were constructed by former iraqi intelligence service you dumb fuck . 
  https://www.google.pl/url?q=http://www.au.af.mil/au/awc/awcgate/milreview/mcfate3.pdf you just make up reality as you go and expect it to bend around your dumb ass . 
  at a certain point you should consider the difference between being a bullshit artist ( like a political press rep ) and just a bullshitter . 
  even a babbon can build a bomb . 
  now , whether he can build one that actually detonates ( most bombs built by demolition experts and chemistry professors involved in polish terrorism in 1903-1906 were duds . 
  technology and access to information improved . 
  doea n't mean the disconnect between theory and practice is no longer a thing ) , whether he can do so without blowing himself up , and whether he can get necessary components , and whether it makes any sense to have disposable suiciders learn how to make bombs , gather resources and then blow themselves up leaving up to authorities a fresh trail to supply source ... that 's another thing . 
  i mean , at a certain point before spouting off your opinions - do you consider if you actually know anything about that ? 
  or are feelsies  realsies for you ? 
  or maybe they cared more about trying to move on people making the fucking bombs instead of signalling to them they 're onto them ? 
  idiot . 
  except in case of alcohol there is very strong overlap . 
  if you have suicidal thoughts you 're more likely to act on it when inebriated by alcohol ( even more than when under influence of other depressants ) . 
  this is one of the reasons for surprising statistics about suicide - for example i expected mds to do a better job of killing themselves since they have access to and knowledge of many ways to kill a person ( ie pavulon injections ) .
