  the only party that i do n't have a lot of direct info of their thieving is kukiz 15 - who just have n't been around long enough , and are shameless opportunists that 'll say whatever they think people want to hear . 
  po , psl , pis , sld - for each of this i know of several ridiculous cases of corruption and cronyism . 
  to give an example to what / u/austinvonrivia is saying , because redditors from romania may have different expectation of what corruption is vs someone from czechia : a ) big company is being privatized , employer for 700 people , has signed contracts with world-level brands in it 's segment , and renown for it 's own products domestically . 
  ai n't no way to fuck this up . 
  the only problems are ageing crew in a country that 's eliminated it 's trade schools which increases overhead costs . 
  but in their specific niche and with their clients - really no way to fuck it up . 
  crew and local journalists raise an alarm when the company is about to be sold for 7 mil pln to an investor that has been nicknamed `` undertaker '' - he bought and liquidated with similar mo 3 major companies from that sector in other voyvodships . 
  has been convicted of having an union rep beaten up by his bodyguard . 
  has previously sold a company which then after 10 months has shown 35 mil debt to pension fund . 
  local politicians see nothing wrong with selling the company to him . 
  within the year their file to city planning to have the land approved for development . 
  within few years the company lost it 's domestic market , has already fired 300 people , is about to fire rest of 400 when the change in city planning is approved . 
  and this is a case that can be traced via internet accessible news reports and government information ( to track the people he puts in board of directors in the companies he buys and liquidates ) . 
  company that uses those funds to invest in infrastructure for those companies ( roads , lamps , parking lots etc ) . 
  i 've seen a director of one of 3 most successful ones in the country replaced by 2 psl cronies who then hired over a dozen of psl cronies who did literally nothing in the company - esp . 
  in last 6 months ( post election ) . 
  what happens after pis wins - old director reinstated , new competent one hired ? 
  naaah , just put a pis crony and replace the psl cronies with 14 pis cronies . 
  how is doing things through other people , yourself unable to hold a direct conversation with another leader - a sign of independence ? 
  if anything - it introduces a way of outside influence . 
  oh , that 's a whooooole other can of worms . 
  poland during wwii , although occupied , [ has not lost it 's government continuity ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_government-in-exile ) . 
  many of administration members escaped in time and sneaked to london where they re-formed the official polish government . 
  fast forward to yalta and poland is basically given up by americans as a gift to russians . 
  churchill has had an alternative plan , but in the end he yielded as well . 
  many british mps protested giving up a wwii ally , but their amendment to treatise was defeated . 
  this part is important , because the disagreement you see in this thread stems from what was gained by soviets , and how . 
  specifically - that the difference that poland was `` just '' a satellite state and not part of ussr stems more from language of yalta treatise , and not actual difference in how that country was governed ( which is a huge simplification because every communist country , be it ussr proper , a satellite state , or any number of other communist regimes - were volatile depending on regime in moscow and china and their ideological turmoils ) . 
  fast forward to end of the war , and soviets ruling in poland . 
  there was still government in london . 
  between 1943 and 1947 main political parties tried to band together to form a realistic way of cooperation with soviets , begrudgingly accepting reality of post-yaltan europe , but it 's proven to be ultimately futile . 
  soviets [ installed their own puppet government ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/provisional_government_of_national_unity ) ignoring the fact that there was an active one in london . 
  government in exile tried reconciliation way until 1954 ( so even after systematic genocide of poles in their own country , especially former ak army members ) . 
  with less and less power , the government in exile arguably survived communists and in 1990 passed on the power to lech wa\u0142\u0119sa . 
  but realistically , it 's lost any real influence and more importantly - official recognition - in 1959 . 
  in 1955 several members of government in exile returned to poland to try and work with soviet regime after the thaw . 
  just to note - not until 1955 did [ tomasz arciszewski ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tomasz_arciszewski ) return - one of most prominent socialists in history of poland . 
  a guy that used to be a communist terrorist fighting for proletariat since at least 1898 . 
  i 'm just mentioning this to underscore that the problem people had with provisional government installed by soviets was not that it was communist , but that it was just a puppet government subservient to another country . 
  he 'd have to cover rationale of post wwi border drawing , yalta border drawing , history of society and ruling elites in commonwealth of poland and lithuania and how identity of regions of poland , belarus ukraine and lithuania established . 
  and especially the first two are prime bait for nationalists from multiple sides . 
  basically , poland after wwi was smaller than the commonwealth , but bigger than the polish part of commonwealth . 
  after ww 2 it lost territory to east , and was given territory on west instead . 
  looking up a map of commonwealth and crown within it would explain this better . 
  the contended part is not whether the regions lost to ussr post yalta were poland , but whether poland was de facto sovereign . 
  but we were still controlled by moscow , even the economy , theathers etc. 
  qed : us and its pac and suler pac situation, 
  and you have non-zero amount of contact with any germans whatsoever ? 
  german patriotism is the thing i 'm most envious about , because i see it as a root of a lot of their success . 
  it gets a bit annoying when you do business with them . 
  or when they visit . 
  germans i 've met and saw are patriotic by thinking all they do is of remarkably high quality . 
  they support not just companies from germany - from their land specifically . 
  they take care of their municipality . 
  and act like they own the place wherever they go . 
  i much prefer that kind of patriotism to footbal hooligans with unearned patriotic symbols on a t-shirt made in china who then destroy benches in park . 
  as for suicide rates and regressive demographic tendencies - those seem consistent for a developed economy anywhere . 
  i do n't see myself having kids anytime soon myself , but that does n't mean i 'd rather be in russia ( which stabilized it 's negative growth tendencies fairly recently ) . 
  or ie palestine . 
  : again , how is excerting military strength working out for regular russians ? 
  economy and price of food doing alright ? 
  can you feel all that muscle flexing having positive impact on how living in the country is ? 
  if so , what made you leave ? 
  and how is that raw military power and not sweating small stuff working out for 90 % of russians right now ? 
  for the rotten downfallen cesspool germany is supposed to be according to russia - germans appear to be doing fine for themselves . 
  still in a higher danger from eating too much wurst and kebab than terrorist attacks . 
  how are things working out for actual russians since the crimea annexation ? 
  better ? 
  wait , so are germans suicidal servile castrated nation or evil overlords of europe keeping others servile ? 
  russian media talking points get confusing . 
  pis has a history of fundraising with republicans among polish expats . 
  and us expats are famous in poland for being absolutely out of touch with how the country looks like nowadays . 
  i wonder if trump is n't miscalculating what the reception will be based on how conservative us poles are . 
  that said , as much as i detest the man and think he 's being a liability to european safety regarding russian aggression - we should praise his big manly hands , his classy gild-all-the-things style and how big his inauguration crowd was . 
  let merkel and macron push him . 
  we should fluff his ego , give some positive headlines , and see if he promises visas within first day or not . 
  give us visas donnie boy . 
  we have the cheap labour your economy needs - but white !, 
  our illegal immigrants will vote republican , so there 's also that . 
  does that matter to banking though ? 
  i 'd have thought lax regulation and easy access to and from other markets would be all they care about . 
  examples would be communications surveillance , internet censorship . 
  and eu and uk taking turns justifying tightening the screw by pointing at eachother . 
  um , i think it just took a photo . 
  can you hit the wall again ? 
  we can wait 2 years , 
  why do you think it 's considered `` green '' energy ? 
  you do n't get it . 
  in some countries military industry is the milk cow for ruling party . 
  board filled with technologically illiterate political appointments . 
  all they want is for the factory to bang out the same shit in same numbers and to nobody to pay attention to their books . 
  i 'd think that prosecuting right after given term ends could help that . 
  but other might have much better ideas how to prevent abuse , and if that safeguard cod be abused and how . 
  what i 'm saying is that these rules allow bad behaviour , but guard principles of democracy for when the likes of ie erdogan or putin come to power . 
  or according to some critics - the likes of le pen . 
  so yes , if voters are being stupid , they 'll do stupid things . 
  but imho the way to combat this is by getting people more involved and in much more critical way , nit tearing down or ignoeing aafeguards of democracy . 
  you 're missing the point behind immunity laws methinks . 
  she could still be tried after she leaves office . 
  immunity laws are there to prevent influence of executive officials on legislative branch .
