  the acronym comes down to non governmental organization . 
  people have hobbies and passions besides shitposting on reddit - and out there in real world you need to form an ngo to be able to function and interact with businesses and governmwntal administration . 
  sharpshooting clubs are ngos . 
  historical reenactment groups are ngos . 
  offroaders form them . 
  chess clubs . 
  etc etc. 
  turn down the tribal mentality dude . 
  if you knew what a piggy bank lasy pa\u0144stwowe have become , you 'd not be so enthusiastic methinks . 
  it used to be a cushy off-screen well paid position . 
  pis has been bleeding it for every grosz . 
  they 're in a course of changing law to allow it to sell land for development as well , so say goodbye to that 20 % figure as well . 
  the pest is not removed from trees . 
  the cut trees are not only the infected ones . 
  and szyszko will now not even admit they 're being cut down at all , because pis apologists will just handwaive it off anyhow . 
  interesting . 
  how does a jew-owned rosenthal or camera or danzig chair look different from aryan or slavic owned one ? 
  pro tip : they do n't . 
  you could n't tell origin of such antiques when they 're out of a set . 
  sometimes archaeologists get lucky and find entire briefcases which contain photos , medals , insignia etc. 
  how exactly were you able to tell that those items used to belong to jews ? 
  what were they ? 
  did n't your momma teach you not to lie ? 
  tbh that 's probably a better question to ask agata h\u0105cia or prof. miodek than a random like me . 
  i know original meaning of the word because i 'm interested in history , and history of xv c. specifically from which usage of the word in polish hails - but i would n't know how common understanding of that etymology is . 
  at some point though , etymology stops being relevant to how people use the language , and becomes more of a curiosity for word-typologists i guess . 
  but the word is an important part of history of poland - of post-grunwald foreign policy of jagie\u0142\u0142o , and then part of period covered in our national epic . 
  i 'd say knowing the word and it 's history is no less important to us than it is to czechs . 
  dude , learn some synonyms . 
  tabor is rarely used in polish for camp overall , but it 's used in two meanings tied to xv c. meaning and czech/hussitic influence : 1 . 
  group of train cars , or automobils , as in : tabor pkp jest przestarza\u0142y , ale nie tak jak tory . 
  a camp made out of cars/wagons used in historical context : `` wszystko to leci o\u015blep od taboru na w\u0142asn\u0105 piechot\u0119 . '', 
  brownie points with radio-maryjny electorate , which is the only true , non-traitorous electorate . 
  in all seriousness , for some fucking reason waszczykowski decided to become beck 2.0 - but even more incompetent and divisive . 
  i 'm comparing a dense tri-city area to a spread out area , so it may work out dofferently - but in gda\u0144sk it was noticeable that people were earning much more thanks to tourists - even in retail and production , not to speak of construction . 
  that 's also what the first paragraph was about - the money from tourists pours disproportionally , but not exclusively to resort owners . 
  but again - in the past i joked in threads praising croatia that people should n't bother in the spirit of `` damn , any more people and it 'd be annoying '' - and i 'm part of the touristy-swarm . 
  you have all the right to be as protective of keeping your home as you think needed . 
  cheers !, 
  having lived in a tourist ~ ~ infested ~ ~ popular destination ( gda\u0144sk ) , having to waddle through crowds in summer months and paying very high rent ... is the alternative definitely better ? 
  sure , cost of living follows higher wages in those places . 
  but in that scaling , a similar percentage saved equates more gross value . 
  gda\u0144sk residents also quickly learn to interject which area they 're from to get much lower prices from vendors . 
  there 's attractions abailable to us that would not otherwise be available . 
  you say you 're from dalmatia . 
  is life easier and better in zagreb area ? 
  and take tourism away - what industries remain in dalmatia ? 
  you live in a beautiful corner of the world , but yall got shafted hard by those mountains when it comes to logistics necesaary for modern industry . 
  i 've driven a truck with trailer there - holy shit was i scared i 'm gon na boil the engine . 
  without tourism - what remains of local economy ? 
  that said , before you joined eu i really hoped you 'd get robust limits on who can buy and rent property in old towns . 
  freedom of movement is great - but i can symphatize with croatians not wanting to be forced out of their homeland economically . 
  fight for your home . 
  just remember there 's bills to be paid at the end of the day . 
  go on wykop and behold how soros is actually behind everything from kod to people paying attention to pis car crashes . 
  i 've recently started reading up on recent politics in central and western africa . 
  so far the only thing i 've learned beside the fact that they seriously got their shit together to tackle chaos in smaller states - is that westerners know less about the region than jon snow about anything . 
  i 'm open to factual sources , but in a region where mercenaries like old blackwater want to be neo-pretorians , and they 're connected to both us and russia , _ and _ various weapon dealers ... 
  i 'm gon na need something more than 1 picture with a shitty sign . 
  check my posting history if you take me for overly pro-russian shill . 
  oh , i thought you were going to tell us and link some source - but you literally want us to project our fears and prejudice ? 
  intel is paying for this . 
  slimy anti-competition suits . 
  oh , and they 're using piotreks money to do that . 
  because fuck _ that _ guy in particular . 
  am i doing this right ? 
  or are we supposed to stick to kochs/soros/putin trinity ? 
  you know , the complaints of all immediate neighbours as opposed to views of people separated by several countries and a sea . 
  note comments about exaggeration and silly anti-russia sentiments . 
  rarely from anywhere nearer than denmark . 
  and reliance on autocorrect , 
  sudety on the other hand are captured remarkably - maybe not individual peaks , but definitely where they can be passed through a valley . 
  an important one - nowadays even rzeczpospolita is grillig pis , which i 'd not have thought possible half a year ago . 
  most voters in poland would probably be annoyed to be equated to given party - left right or centre . 
  tv trwam is a tv station created by tadeusz rydzyk , director of radio maryja and his fundation lux veritas . 
  despite people protesting here ties between it and pis , the foundation was ie given a 27 mil handout from budget , and for years they have worked closely together . 
  radio station which nurtures right wing electorate like am radio stations of the likes of limbaugh , alex jones etc do in us . 
  before pis takeover of public media ot was their main venue of communication . 
  it remains one of only places where they speak candidly . 
  cry me a river - was there a problem in poland that concervatives did n't spin as leftist subterfuge ? 
  but whataboutism aside - because it was a rally during elections , many news outlets kept grilling pis to disawov this event , and they continuosly dodged doing that . 
  they know who supports them , and they curate that base carefully , while avoiding those hot topics in mainstream media . 
  funny how people here deny any ties between pis and radio maryja - even on wykop people would ' t have the nerve to pretend those two do not feed off of eachother . 
  fair enough , edited original comment with credit . 
  the other way around if anything . 
  tvp has recently started re-airing trwam auditions . 
  it 's also the only reason why macierewicz is still tolerated . 
  and also the only place pis politicians speak their mind openly . 
  pis doing something that has n't happened since prl ? 
  how dare you inst party secretary like this , mordo zdradziecka  half a year in , got ta distract people somehow . 
  nope , just a guy with several hobbies that put me in mostly right leaning company , and my car radio occasionally skips to radio maryja and then i usually wait it out and listen . 
  ever heard of radio maryja ? 
  but suuuure , pis would never support that kind of thing . 
  right . 
  yeah , , do n't think the party which burned a puppet of a jew at a rally will make a pip _ against _ xenophobia . 
  common , but disproven concept ( in general - every example and even every country varies on exact numbers ) . 
  any behaviour we engage in - we normalize . 
  and push what we think would be extreme just a little bit further . 
  in context of urges and intoxicants it leads to more and more desteuctive behaviour . 
  that said , i initially liked the approach of tracking them to get on scent of abusers .
