  we refuse to invest in our future and then get bitchy because germans did . 
  how about we finally try to outplay them in their game , instead of refusing to play and getting angry they won by default ? 
  and that is what i think he thought of when he was dismissive against opinion of someone who just dislikes germany . 
  needless to say , op is unlikely to have listened on our conversations , or the ones i have in my line of work . 
  we need to elaborate more , and in general i think this subreddit is pretty good about it . 
  cheers !, 
  dislike anyone you want . 
  personally , i dislike people with a certain kind of arrogance . 
  but i do need to cooperate with them in my job , even though i avoid them in my personal life . 
  that i dislike them is my own personal problem that should not affect rational decisions and a job to be done . 
  my theory is that our clergy sees it as a threat because it 's also a powerful source of activism . 
  most of it relies on grassroot volunteers - concerts and other events at every city , assembling the boxes , filtering out shady volunteers , almost all prep is done by independent volunteers connected to a school , a non profit etc. 
  every person i 've worked with at organizing wo\u015ap in my city that i keep tabs on is still active in organizing cultural or sporting events . 
  either way , the castle and whether or not this money paid directly for that , californian red wines , or plastic surgery of fixing a relapsed anus into new lips is just added comedy . 
  and largely irrelevant - just funny . 
   basically he was hiring his wife who was doing nothing , and the money directly came to their shared account . 
  one million euro in total , give or take ( ... ) it 's rare to see a case where someone is so clearly stealing taxpayer money . 
  you 've fixated on the least important bit of his entire comment . 
  i almost forgot about this franchising project . 
  even his surrogates admit he 's had [ no real influence on that party ] ( http://nczas.com/publicystyka/jak-to-bylo-z-knp-co-dalej-z-partia-korwin/ ) . 
  and the same guy that got ousted a few years back from his own party ( upr ) . 
  i do n't recall korwin not being a sad joke . 
  he 'll say anything to stay relevant . 
  if it were done externally , it 'd force their hand . 
  if 3rd party does it , officials have to compete with that product . 
  if politicians do it first , you can count on them making it as hard to access as possible . 
  for example take the florida anti-abortion law from last year . 
  republicans put it out , and it was easily accessible as pdf . 
  look it up . 
  it 's not protected , that 's too easy to crack . 
  instead they fucked with formatting so hard , that the parts that 's be death sentence to women in immediate life threatning situation ( 24 h wait period , no exceptions ) need to be transcripted manually , and search function will not work in these parts of doc . 
  it 's not just break lines and such - nearly every lwtter does it 's own thing . 
  i know it 'd be easier to do from legislators side . 
  i just do n't trust them to do it right unless their hand is forced . 
  fair points . 
  i wonder , how hard ( and expensive ) would it be to adapt current surveillance programs to track and log votes like this . 
  track individuals based on assigned seats . 
  how many people would be needed , and what kind of rig to run it . 
  would it be feasible for a group of tech enthusiasts to set this up as a side project ? 
  i 'd love to turn the camera spy-eyes on politicians for a change . 
  fair points . 
  i wonder , how hard ( and expensive ) would it be to adapt current surveillance programs to track and log votes like this . 
  track individuals based on assigned seats . 
  how many people would be needed , and what kind of rig to run it . 
  would it be feasible for a group of tech enthusiasts to set this up as a side project ? 
  i 'd love to turn the camera spy-eyes on politicians for a change . 
  newsflash : your opinion matters only to your representatives . 
  you can just e-mail their office and get a canned reaponse on how they voted on this , or anything else , often this sort of information is available through other channels as well . 
  following up on full vote record , resolutions and bills they worked on etc takes 2-3 hours about every 2 years depending on how elections fall . 
  do you do that ? 
  if not , i can tell you exactly who to be angry with on stuff like this . 
  university of gda\u0144sk , [ ds 3 - similar / smaller room for 2 peeps . 
  ] ( https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcq7csros1p-ikntazi-4qgbhucwizizpch2di07zezvqrfh3bvidw ) vs [ cell of a nazi mass murderer . 
  ] ( https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gct8tps_hvilp0t5ohdb3gglsn4rpyaszrpkz_k-g8afjokgizok ), 
  highly recommend ananas + brie/camembert + garlic . 
  but yeah , something to break the sweetness of ananas . 
  at first was torn . 
  but in the end , i 'm actually glad they 've put pragmatism and the job to be done over their own beliefs . 
  one way or the other , whether they donned the hijab or not , they would be making a statement . 
  it could be great to show women there that if they get influential enough , these guys have to suck it up and deal with a woman as an equal . 
  but you 're spending a lot of political capital , and likely economic concessions to make that point . 
  maybe now , with right-wing fanning the flames and drumming the war-drums is not the time to add insult to injury . 
  good for them . 
  nothing says feminism better than showing you can do the job you expect a man to do . 
  except for croatia . 
  they 're more like a best of compilation . 
  nooooooo !, 
  or yaaaaaay !, 
  really depends on whether monroe ( / r/katerinakozlova ) migrates to instagram or smth over this . 
  after a visit when i had to drive a van with a trailer all around croatia , i 'm not surprised . 
  it seems like a major limiting factor is logistics , and opening up access / pathways for loaded trucks is dictating when and where it 's viable to build factories in croatia . 
  i 'd love to see a map showing areas of highest growth overlayed with newest built roads , tunnels and bridges . 
  it seems like so many areas are inaccesible to truck traffic , even though you 've been constantly investing in that infrastructure . 
  how about we go big with intermarium 2.0 ? 
  thanks !, 
  sadly , the only thing i 've learned from it is that google can not into dutch . 
  i decided to dig a bit deeper , and although issue of condoms was what started it , the situation is more about power and money : https://cruxnow.com/global-church/2017/01/25/head-knights-malta-resigns-amid-spat-pope-francis/, 
  mind providing a link ? 
  not that i do n't believe accuracy of your translation of that article , but it 's straight up contradictory to events described in the article linked in op . 
  pope was defendig the decision to handle out the condoms to the poor , stating the church has to be symphatetic to those who can not uphold all its values perfectly . 
  has fucking anyone in this thread read the damn article ? 
  pope was pro-condoms in this case . 
  this is part of issue with how we rely on internet communication , it 's easy to misjudge how common given view really is . 
  but it was n't a lie when i said i 'm getting scared by how often i see this point regurgitated . 
  from sweden through estonia to poland one of the few things we can agree upon internally is that russia gets its aim at us again , and that this threat is tangible . 
  but i keep seeing our allies dismiss our judgment , and ot 's more popular the further the commenter is from russia . 
  poland chose to tie itself to west back in x century , we were sold off in yalta , but when we managed to break free of russian domination it was huge for us when we joined nato . 
  but everytime i read something on german or american troops being poaitioned here , all they talk about is how we 're `` russias backyard '' . 
  and from how last world war started and ended for us , i hope you can see why we 're afraid of being abandoned by allies . 
  lol , where did that last bit came from ? 
  :d it 's become a reflex for you people , huh . 
  yeah , well , back in summer bill clinton accused poland of preference toward russian style heavyhanded leadership . 
  punchline of that quip comes today . 
  you really want to discuss this pot-kettle situation ? 
  maybe we can do it over freedom fries . 
  we have heard that line before . 
  right before an attack and being abandoned by allies . 
  how would you feel if someone living comfortably away started spouting their opinions as facts on ira ? 
  it 's getting really scary to me - you have countries close to russia asking for help , and only consider us by prism of what russia thinks of helping us . 
  do you even consider us an ally , or just expendable buffer zone ?
