one 30 year old found dead , and one 42 year old timber truck driver is in a hospital from serious burns . 
  i can find swedish sources when i get home . 
  on a bike right now . 
  the blaze has hit a few houses . 
  pepole have been evacuated from several villages . 
  the weather is better today so hopefully it wont spread as much as it did yesterday . 
  yesterday had 32 \u00b0 c and a lot of wind , today its colder , more moist and with a few showers . 
  according to facebook-aunt the rain has hit heby muncipality wich is really close to the area with fire . 
  the smoke has started to spread over very big areas . 
  they are really needed there . 
  but there is an election for the government in a few months and they are needed in the governement too . 
  what do you call the game ludo then ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ludo_ ( board_game ), 
  i found wasa kn\u00e4ckebr\u00f6d at a supermarket in china on the imported foods shelf . 
  i am absolutely serious when i say germans are everywhere . 
  i went to iceland as a 13 year old scout/girl guide and we got lost in the icelandic wilderness ( several hours by bus and two days walk from nearest village ) , since our not so bright leader had printed the map at home , and rain made the ink vanish . 
  luckily for us we stumbled upon a group of german tourists !, 
  they gave us a spare map . 
  we 're not . 
  i 'm stupid and first thought limo . 
  i have one at home actually . 
  it 's called syl in swedish . 
  long y sound . . 
  is that same same as swedish yla ? 
  in swedish it 's '' to howl '' . 
  also , i pronounce q as a difthong similar to how a swede would pronounce `` ku '' . 
  so someone named `` kvist '' or `` qvist '' would have a slightly different pronunciation from eachother . 
  we have yellow and blue fields of oil of course !, 
  all over the country . 
  as a homage to our lovely flag !, 
  in english class here in sweden our teacher gave us the choice between shakespeare or a really old translation of the mabinogi . 
  the mabinogi seemed like a great choice , because romeo and juliet is boring . 
  until we had to read the characters names aloud . 
  blodeuwedd , is apparently not pronounced blod-wed . 
  ah yes . 
  gnocchi in sweden is usually pronounced gn\u00e5cki . 
  where gn isnt a difthong like in italian , but both g and n is pronounced . 
  you have to give the norwegians some credit for their pea-mash and sauerkraut too !, 
  im not bitching , i was just answering a question someone gave me . 
  i grew up in a family that had to decide between buying pasta or milk . 
  some years i almost did n't see my mother because she was working all the time . 
  in turn it made her very ill in all kinds of different ways . 
  money to me is important , because if i decide to try for a baby i want to be able to give it a great childhood , without worries . 
  sure we do have a strong social security net , but if you are unlucky you might not get help . 
  i know plenty of people that do n't get the help they need . 
  sweden is also changing its political path , and i think in due time it will make our social security to become worse . 
  teen pregnancies i guess comes with the liberal view on sex . 
  but also , i have n't heard that we have a lot of teen pregnancies compared to other places ? 
  i only know one teen mom , and she was 18 , so not overly young . 
  same with the stds i think . 
  we do have a lot of rapes . 
  but a lot of that is is because we have a lot of reported rapes ( a lot of places have unreported rapes wich skews statistics ) . 
  and our laws are different than most of other places . 
  what is sexual harassment in some places is rape here . 
  i was taught about how to calculate safe periods . 
  but we were advised to not trust them for contraception . 
  and in my teen years i think that was good advice . 
  we spoke a lot about cycles , and female health . 
  also about men too ( how a penis works , seven and stuff ) what sex is , and things like you should never pressure someone to it , what you do if a condom breaks , and that is should feel nice not painful . 
  we also spoke about stis and how to avoid them . 
  it was n't moralised as something bad . 
  my teacher knew some of us were going to have it anyway , so she did ger best to educate us to have it in a good way . 
  i have obviously not been to every swedish high-school , so i ca n't say everyone has a great sex ed . 
  but a lot of these things are written into the curriculum of `` science class '' ( high school have one class for bio , physics , chemistry and tech ) i also paid 100kr ( around 10 euro ) a year for any contraceptive i wanted below the age of 20 . 
  condoms were free at the `` youth health centre '' . 
  it helps that teens can afford to have safer sex . 
  it 's cheaper for the government to pay that , than to pay for teen-moms . 
  swedish schools do teach it . 
  we also have rfsu a big organisation that works a lot with educating pepole for free about it . 
  they are really expensive , and i do n't have a big enough income to give a child a worthy upbringing . 
  i dont have a great `` social security network '' ( that is , no grandparents of the `` future child '' or a pool friends of mine that want to help out with babysitting or general knowledge ) it is a huge life time commitment pregnancies have an awful lot of side effects . 
  giving birth often result in year long pains that are not taken seriously by the doctors . 
  more than half of first time birthers get them . 
  i already have troubled sleep patterns . 
  i also do n't want to pass down my genes . 
  sure i do like children . 
  i love hanging out with my little cousins . 
  i used to work in a kindergarten . 
  but i do n't think i could be a great parent myself . 
  i also do n't have the patience and willpower it takes to raise kids . 
  i can handle them for a few hours , but not for 20 straight years . 
  i also do n't want to give up my hobbies . 
  i am a scout leader , and help kids that way . 
  i paint and photograph to get creativity out things i might need to stop doing because i need to spend thoose hours of my day to feed kids , make them sleep , bring them school , bring them to piano lessons , soccer practice . 
  and then sit all worried at home when they are teens , hoping they do n't get in trouble . 
  this is sweden . 
  age of consent is 15 . 
  most people are in school until 18 . 
  it 's very hard , if not impossible to keep horny teenagers from having sex . 
  it 's better to educate about safer sex practices . 
  the risk for a woman on the nexplanon implant to get pregnant is close to 0.5 % . 
  if they combine that with condoms , the risk is close to zero . 
  i sort of kinda agree . 
  but , the father should sign the paper one or two weeks before the mother , so she has time to get an abortion if she do n't want to become a single parent . 
  ( two weeks is mostly to consider wait times at hospitals , it has to be more scientifically calculated upon later . ), 
  it sounds nice in theory at least if we only consider the parents life 's . 
  but , does that mean that the government has to foot the bill for the absent father ? 
  ( here divorced parents pay a `` fee '' to the parent the kid lives with each month . 
  should the single parent get some sort government aid instead ? ), 
  also , if we do consider the child 's perspective it 's not at all a great idea .
