  and you are calling their supporters `` the good ones '' ? 
  jordan denied this . 
  but hey , there is this bogus website that writes articles we like , so fuck jordan , what does jordan even know about the jordanian king ? 
  i ca n't believe these guys are making a living from journalism . 
  i do n't agree with the people on that stadium but i got their point . 
  `` we lose our children in terrorist attacks everyday , no european cares , why should we even care about paris ? '', 
  again , this is not what i think . 
   pkk flag is being raised by people in every european capital . 
  so is isis flag :d why do n't you just say you support terrorists when they do n't hurt you and be over with it ? 
   the suspect was later taken to the migration directorate for deportation . 
  let 's hope the british authorities keep an eye on him and he does n't end up like the deported suspects who later involved in paris and brussels attacks . 
  yes , this is my response . 
  if you point a gun at soldiers , they will kill you . 
  your terrorists thought bringing the war into kurdish cities was a good idea , but now we see kurdish civilians turning against pkk , just like thousands of kurdish village guards . 
  just google `` pkk \u00e7ocuk '' , check the images and see it for yourself . 
  i do n't have to use whataboutism as a justification , because this is simply called politics . 
  the conflict in syria is a mini-world war and every nation has its own agenda . 
  just another example : israeli defense minister : if i had to choose between iran and isis , i 'd choose isis https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2016/01/19/israeli-defense-minister-if-i-had-to-choose-between-iran-and-isis-id-choose-isis/ do i blame israel for this ? 
  hell , no . 
  the us supports islamist iraqi militias , russia supports islamist lebanese militias ( hezbollah ) . 
  everyone has got a different `` good guy '' [ edit : or `` lesser evil '' ] in the conflict . 
  islamist is such a meaningless term nowadays . 
  everyone has his own favourite islamist in the region . 
  iraqi militias and hezbollah are also islamist but the us and russia openly support them . 
  yes , according to vladimir putin , our lord and saviour . 
  isis bombs tourists in turkey and targets the turkish economy , because we help them . 
  perfect logic . 
  and they also use child soldiers ... 
  i ca n't believe the western media made them look like freedom fighters and most westerners fell for it . 
  taliban in the 80s all over again . 
  which is a lot better than what belgium is doing . 
  yes i 'm serious . 
  if we detain your goddamned citizens twice at the syrian border and send them back , you better keep an eye on them . 
  ok . do n't extradite terrorists , do n't listen to a friendly country when they warn you about terrorists . 
  keep doing this , seriously . 
  he was detained , his photo was taken by turkish police and the european counterparts were warned . 
  not once but twice . 
  twice . 
  fehriye erdal was a turkish citizen and belgium refused to extradite her . 
  one of the brussels bombers was detained and deported by the turkish authorities twice . 
  meme : scumbag europe criticizes turkey for not doing enough against isis releases isis terrorists deported by turkey, 
  yeah but they [ the ~ ~ belgian ~ ~ dutch authorities ] released him . 
  from bbc ;  mr erdogan said the man was detained at turkey 's border with syria at gaziantep belgian citizen of arab origin detained at syrian border ... 
  does n't it ring a bell ? 
  not the first time we do this . 
   they literally screamed `` death to france '' and waived islamic flags , yet they were allowed to protest . 
  socially i 'm a very liberal guy but this is something i will probably never understand . 
  anyone who says `` death to france '' in france should be put either in a mental hospital or a prison . 
  reread the article . 
  they are not sentenced for causing the deaths of 5 people . 
  however , i agree with you . 
  we need harsher penalties for the human traffickers . 
  he is n't my erdogan and it was n't a threat but a warning . 
  a communist terrorist organization had a tent in the middle of brussels and the belgian authorities refused to take it down . 
  however , the suffering of the victims today has nothing to do with the wrong-doings of the belgian authorities . 
  the terrorists are in panic after the recent operations and arrests , now they are attacking with everything they 've got . 
  stay safe , europe :(, 
  i know , i was being sarcastic with my questions . 
  they know the air forces will not bomb a neighborhood full of civilians and we will have to send in the army and fight from street to street , from house to house . 
  more clashes on the streets = more civilian casualties = more genocide propaganda, 
  this guy always whines about the same thing . 
  i mean yeah , turkish redditors tend to comment on turkey-related threads , how surprising !, 
  i wonder why pkk brought the war from the mountains into the cities . 
  what are they planning to achieve by turning streets into fucking battlefields ? 
  here comes the canadian serb to shitpost about turks . 
  i wonder how they could confirm the victim was an isis fighter . 
  iraq is a sectarian and tribal society after all , maybe the guy was just a member of the `` wrong '' tribe or sect . 
  i 'm waiting for the turkish version of this gif . 
  http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/960/986/d28.gif the conspiracy theorists really need this one . 
  my first comment is about the perpetrator and i said it was isis . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  and that 's why they bomb tourists in our country ? 
  are you high on russia today or something ? 
  what ? 
  most people knew it was isis when the victims ' names came up . 
  pkk kills only kurdish and turkish civilians . 
  explain `` pointless traveling '' . 
  this is the second time isis directly targeted turkish economy by killing tourists . 
  well , no . 
  they had plenty of kurdish cities and towns under their control and decided not to give them a homeland . 
  some europeans have no idea what they are saying when they try to justify pkk terrorism . 
  using the same logic , one can justify the isis attacks in europe , which is a pretty sick idea imo . 
  not really . 
  france and britain could give the kurds a homeland when they were deciding the borders of made-up arab countries , such as syria and iraq . 
   a bloody brutal campaign against the ~ ~ kurds ~ ~ pkk stop this , seriously . 
  this is not a war between two nations . 
  there are thousands of kurdish village guards and soldiers fighting the pkk . 
  visa-free travel is a must for turks . 
  if you guys can feed over a million refugees , for sure you can take a few thousand turkish tourists who will visit either relatives or red light districts . 
  why us ? 
  the last time the balkans united for a common cause was the second balkan war and it was against bulgaria . 
   if there are n't any guarantees that you are n't gon na vote akp or similar in 4 years what is that even supposed to mean ? 
  how can you be a democracy and guarantee not to vote a particular party or ideology at the same time ? 
   we are on the brink of becoming next ukraine or syria . 
  dude , please . 
  yes , the situation is bad , but not anywhere as bad as ukraine or syria . 
  foreign mercenaries do n't control any cities or regions in our country . 
  i do n't think turkey will insist on not recognizing cyprus if our eu membership possibilities ever get to a serious level ( which is nearly impossible imo ) . 
  we 've a lot bigger problems , such as a huge population ( which equals to a huge voting power in the eu parliament ) and extremely unstable neighbors . 
  the current government makes it only harder but the eu membership is impossible even if we vote a progressive pro-eu government .
