  i 've said this about a million times to my european friends and want to say it again here . 
  this whole process is a long forgotten issue in turkey . 
  no one really talks about it and no one really believes in it . 
  we all know that we will never a member of the eu and we 've accepted this fact . 
  we all know that this has nothing to do with the current turkish government . 
  i 'm all for friendly relations with the eu countries , but please someone stop this boring show called `` accession of turkey to the european union '' . 
  i am , like most turks , sick of hearing about it . 
  no matter what pkk and its allies do , some westerners will always blame turks . 
  last time when a suicide bombing took place in ankara , people came up with all different kind of conspiracy theories but then tak ( far-left kurdish organization ) claimed responsibility . 
  it 's not unusual to target civilians for pkk . 
  they 've killed dozens of teachers , medical personnel and villagers before they started their `` progressive freedom fighter '' pr move in the west . 
  according to european far-left , pkk empowers kurdish women ... in a quite odd way . 
  nope . 
  a regular me capital would have +50 suicide bombings in 6 months . 
  three suicide bombings is a bit like paris . 
  probably most non-european redditors wonder the effects of merkel 's refugee policy on the local election . 
  can we have an eli5 on this issue ? 
  in that case , you will have enough time to check their backgrounds and confirm their identities . 
  this will answer the main concern of the european countries , which is security . 
   you will submit to our terms or fuck off . 
  you really think politics work like this , do n't you ? 
  what the fuck are `` your terms '' ? 
  `` you '' are not a united organization . 
  when one part of `` you '' supports something , the other part opposes it . 
  when one part of `` you '' welcome someone , the other part says fuck off . 
  who the fuck are `` you '' ? 
  seriously . 
  nope . 
  one of them is an illegal immigrant and the other one is a genuine refugee . 
  these are two totally different things . 
  more like 1 real refugee for 1 economic immigrant . 
  also the turkish citizens will not get a single euro from your governments because they will enter europe as legal tourists , if anything they will bring money to waste on weed and hookers in amsterdam . 
  i 'm not denying turkey shells ypg-held areas but your link is clearly about a different incident . 
  there is no mention of artillery fire . 
   `` there was firing by turkish troops at members of the people 's protection units near the city of qamishli which caused serious injury in one person . 
  there was then an exchange of fire between the two sides . 
  the op 's link is about artillery fire but your link is not so you are talking about a different incident . 
  i 'm sure you already knew this . 
   using , or indirectly controlling to advance their own interests what is that even supposed to mean ? 
  every nation bombs isis to advance their own interests . 
   ahrar al-sham predates so called syrian revolution by months . 
  nope . 
  the syrian revolution started in march 2011 , ahrar al-sham in late 2011 . 
   al qaeda in syria predates it by several years . 
  nope . 
  assad helped al qaeda in iraq . 
  the fsa was the first anti-assad rebel group and it was established in july 2011 . 
   so basically northern syria will become new golan heights . 
  and almost everyone will be totally ok with it if that region can host hundreds of thousands of refugees . 
  nice straw man . 
  that 's not what i said and you know it very well . 
  there were no rebels groups , no al-nusra , no isis but only protesters for months . 
  he had enough time to resign . 
  now it 's too late , we 're already dealing with a mini world war inside the country . 
  well , there are many reasons why that plan had to wait so long . 
  i just told the reason that concerns the eu countries because we 're on r/europe i blame the assad government for the conflict , not the west . 
  we would n't have to deal with any of this shit if he could just resign , like the tunisian dictator , instead killing hundreds of protesters . 
  turkey is also planning to build refugee cities on the safe-zone ( mare-jarablus ) inside syria . 
  that was the plan for many years but back then the eu countries thought only the neighboring countries would have to deal with the refugees . 
  i was actually referring to the munich shooting but yeah , you 're right about that one , too . 
  the police tweeted this ; `` there has been no indication whatsoever that any radicalisation or political motives exist . 
  rohweder #homehill '' http://www.news.com.au/national/queensland/tom-jackson-stabbed-in-eye-face-trying-to-protect-mia-auliffechung/news-story/5fd10fd97886bea2003830ad3255e6cb there was a similar incident in germany , where a witness claimed the attacker shouted allahu akbar but turned out to be a lie . 
   there is barely anything more plural than media in the western hemisphere . 
  it does n't change the fact that they 're extremely one-sided on this topic . 
  terrorists , suicide bombers and child soldiers suddenly become freedom fighters when they target turks . 
  i 'm sure you 're a turkish speaker and you know the details of roboski incident just like i do . 
  they were smugglers who used the same path with the pkk fighters . 
  what they did ( smuggling ) was illegal but they did n't deserve to die . 
  they made a huge mistake and some mistakes cost you your life . 
  and that incident has nothing to do with pkk terrorists who blow up turkish police cars and kill some worthless kurdish civilians that no western media talk about . 
  p.s `` worthless kurdish civilians '' for them , not for me . 
   turkey has been killing and oppressing ~ ~ kurds , ~ ~ pkk fighters that 's how it works . 
  if you shoot at policemen and soldiers , they will kill you . 
   denying their basic rights in the past , not anymore . 
  yeah , there are some . 
  no one denies that . 
  we 've a lot more ( over 65000 ) kurdish villagers fighting for the turkish state and kurdish civilians getting their salaries , free education and healthcare from the turkish state but it does n't stop the western media 's `` turkey hates/genocides kurds '' rhetoric . 
   so the turkish invasion of syria and the attacks on the kurds have begun turkey attacks an isis-held city = turkey attacks syria and kurds turkey does n't attack an isis-held city = turkey lets isis to genocide kurds, 
  ethnic cleansing is exactly what ypg ( or as you know it da kurds ) is doing to local arabs , turkmens . 
  they also arrest kurds that support other organizations than ypg . 
  and turkey proposed a safe-zone to clean that area from the isis . 
  the other goal was to keep the refugees inside syria but no other country supported it because they did n't want to use troops against isis and thought only the neighbouring countries would have to deal with the refugees . 
  i believe the turkish authorities are being honest this time . 
  istanbul was targeted by isis suicide bombers ... twice . 
  it 's ours !, 
  we drink turkish coffee mostly on special occasions . 
  it 's not an everyday beverage for us . 
  yet another proof ... turkey is not european . 
  being an ethnic english makes zero difference because it 's not a requirement for his job . 
  your comment has no point at all . 
  you used the word `` native '' . 
  here is the definition of that word ; http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/native a person ** born ** in a specified place or associated with a place by birth , whether subsequently resident there or not :, 
   native people will be outnumbered saqid khan was born in the uk . 
   i am sure as turk you are enjoying this yes bro wallahi . 
  mashallah our new amir and allah save the queen !, 
  afaik arab and south asian people usually have multiple names , so in many cases mohammed is like a middle name they never use because it is too common in their communities . 
  is this how you celebrate the new amir ( may allah protect him ) ? 
  yes , i know ... every major city in the western europe will have a democratically elected mayor . 
  what a nightmare !, 
   i do n't see either of those parties or politicians getting 40 % or whatever it was akp got last elections i actually blame our retarded election threshold for this .
