oh yes , that non-turkish redditor was also a turkish ultra-nationalist and the kurdish suicide bombers are as innocent as the holocaust victims . 
  `` everyone who disagrees with me is literally hitler '', 
  pkk brought the war from the mountains into the cities and turned streets into battlefields . 
  that 's why a lot of kurds started questioning pkk 's motives . 
  when a pro-pkk politician visited a kurdish neighborhood , they asked `` why do pkk dig up threnches on our streets ? 
  why do n't they do it in front of your house ? '', 
  pkk does n't give a shit about kurdish lives . 
  most kurds started to realize this . 
  yesterday you called a non-turkish redditor `` a turk '' just because he opposed your views on syrian kurds . 
  there is a reason why you are known as `` that german guy with a weird kurdish fetish '' on the scw subreddit . 
  i support anti-terror operations both in europe and turkey . 
   if you want to live such attitudes , europe is the wrong place for you . 
  if you want to support communist terrorists , suicide bombers , drug and human traffickers , child soldiers , protection-money-asking-gangsters and baby killers , europe is the wrong place for you . 
  i am a decent person . 
  i work , pay my taxes and have n't got even a parking fine , let alone any criminal record . 
  on the other hand you openly support terrorist activities such as suicide bombing as long as `` the good guys '' do it . 
  in another subreddit , where multiple people called you out for your bullshit , i pointed out your lies about the anti-terror operations in turkey . 
  the answer is simple . 
  when the family reunification happens in turkey , they just buy a ticket and move . 
  that 's it . 
  i personally know some turkish-european families living in turkey . 
  it was their own decision and they did n't face any problems with the turkish authorities . 
  but if a turkish-european couple wants to live in europe , they will do it because it 's their right . 
  `` x was wrong with your application '' is not a detailed explanation . 
  he asked something about my personal choice , why the hell would i provide a detailed answer to a random redditor ? 
  i already provided my explanation to the embassy some years ago and got accepted . 
  in that comment i was talking about some other cases i 've seen , not my own . 
   if he feels iraqis have it so good just go ahead . 
  i do feel a lot of iraqis have it so good because thousands of them came from relatively safe cities with 0 isis presence . 
  a turkish citizen would n't go ahead and take the risk of drowning in the sea because a turkish passport would be his one-way ticket back to turkey . 
  that 's why turkish people are trying to get things done in the legal way . 
   you act as if you have a right to be in the eu . 
  actually i 'm already in the eu ( legally ) and will get the citizenship soon . 
   why not go back to turkey ? 
  honest answer please my honest answer is `` it 's none of anyone 's business '' . 
  it 's something only me and my wife can decide . 
  if we 've the right ( we do ) , we are going to use it . 
  simple as that . 
  i know some european-turkish couples living in turkey and some others living in the eu countries . 
  it 's their personal choice . 
  this is what makes young turkish people angry and slowly anti-eu . 
  some cases are so dehumanizing . 
  you want to visit your relatives in germany or some famous european capitals for a few days . 
  they ask for tons of papers and money for the application . 
  then you get a negative answer and a paper that says the embassy does n't have to give you an explanation . 
  i mean , at least tell them what 's wrong with their application so they can fix it up next time . 
  all this happens while thousands of 20 something years old iraqis , syrians and afghans enter the eu countries without any identification papers . 
  i get your point but i still think these things are pretty ok as long as they are done in a civilized manner . 
   this is the root of all evil . 
  people from a secular country ( azerbaijan ) immigrate to another secular country ( france ) and acquire french citizenship . 
  i do n't see any evil here . 
   but they are not integrating because they are a different ethnic . 
  pkk supporters do n't integrate because they 're radical-left . 
  most kurds , especially the ones that live in the western turkey , are integrated into our community and do n't cause any problems . 
   those are not french . 
  i said french ** citizens ** . 
  they have right to protest peacefully , this is not something you can decide . 
  they are doing in france without smashing random cars , unlike pkk supporters and their far-left buddies did last time . 
  organizing a simple protest has nothing to do with ethnic issues nor integration . 
  you can be a fully-integrated french citizen and support your country of origin , however you must do it in a civilized manner . 
  `` problem '' is not organizing a protest but attacking one . 
  pkk terrorists violently disturb protests , football games , conferences etc. 
  all over the europe . 
  they 're acting like parasites wherever they go . 
  the worst thing is when they get caught , crime stats of the turkish citizens in europe increase because a lot of those idiots are turkish citizen . 
  you 've just made an enemy for life !, 
   you think identity is strictly based on what a state tells you what you are . 
  no , it is not . 
  identity depends on a lot of things . 
   good job , keep thinking that !, 
  your blood and genes mean absolutely nothing , all humans are the same and equal and forming groups outside of what government owns you is bad !, 
  you can have different facial features , skin of color , etc. 
  and still be a part of the same nation . 
  you can hang out only with the people of your skin color/religion/language and most people will be totally ok with it but you ca n't deny them the right to be a european , american , canadian etc. 
  you just ca n't , dude . 
  this is the 21st century . 
   that 's why its bad to insult blacks for being blacks , but perfectly fine to insult a french man for being french ( having french citizenship , living in france , and speaking french ) . 
  lol . 
  yeah , `` jews can be europeans '' definitely means `` it 's ok to insult a french man for being french '' :d, 
   a mouse born in a stable does not make him a horse . 
  too bad , we are not talking about mice nor stables here . 
  the topics are human-beings and countries . 
  they work with different methods . 
  no , their countries do . 
  if a jew gets citizenship from a european country , he/she becomes a european . 
  the same thing applies to every single human being in the world . 
  no one really cares what some random redditors say about jews or any other ethnic/religious group . 
  as long as the european countries accept them as citizens , they are europeans . 
  that 's it . 
   they will never be european . 
  you are not the one who can decide that . 
  afaik he claimed that he is wearing a suicide belt but it is not confirmed . 
  the airline companies are too sensitive to bombing threats . 
  they do n't want to take any risk . 
  a few times turkish airlines had to make emergency landing because someone wrote `` bomb '' on a toilet paper or something . 
  innocent civilians my ass . 
  r/watchpkkdeaths we oppress them with free healthcare and education and electricity , yeah sure , 
   civilian areas that 's because the terrorists brought the war into cities , even kurds are mad at pkk for doing this . 
  where do you expect the army to operate when the terrorists are firing from civilian houses ? 
  one of the kurdish suicide bombers targeted a bus stop .
