  i 've left out a lot of my favorite comedians , but one thing 's for sure , ~ ~ they 're all ~ ~ most of them are british : /, 
  a wild troll appears . 
  try telling the poor in your country that they 're not poor , they just have unrealistic expectations . 
  he should finish it with `` no pun intended '' for maximum mindfuck . 
  sarcasm , surely . 
  we 've been dealt a very shitty hand here so we 're way beyond `` settling '' for anything . 
  the people wo n't settle for a slow death and they wo n't settle for a quick death with a dubious future . 
  naturally , we 'll opt for the lesser evil but i expect strikes and revolt like you 've never seen . 
  i , for one , think our dear leaders will eventually make the right decision . 
  they 're only prolonging it so they 'll appear more sensitive to the public 's eyes . 
  it 's silly , it 's dangerous and it 's populist . 
  in short , it 's old-school greek politics . 
  the dictionary has it as : `` to prove wrong by argument or evidence : show to be false or erroneous . '', 
  so , yes , `` reject '' is not a synonym but it 's close in meaning . 
  also , by `` even juncker refuted this '' i meant he refuted the article 's claim . 
  this is in fact completely false . 
  venizelos is by no means a good finance minister , but that 's another story . 
  he recently pulled from the party leadership race to commit to his work as minister . 
  even juncker refuted this . 
  very true . 
  it is , however , a new kind of bullshit and it takes time to re-calibrate the bullshit detector to be sensitive to the new bullshit wavelengths . 
  this is not the bashing thread you 're looking for . 
  i do n't doubt the sincerity of any greek redditors considering the drachma idea . 
  i speak of people and organizations who have their assets secured in foreign banks and the devaluation will automatically put them way ahead of their law-abiding competitors who do n't hide their money outside . 
  i just wanted to bring a greek perspective on the subject seeing as deadlast is not greek . 
   but please , just go ahead and do it . 
  greeks do n't want to , i 'm not sure where you get that from . 
  maybe what you 've heard is some vocal lobbying from a group of people with nationalistic pretenses and ulterior motives . 
  some powerful people are bound to get a whole lot more powerful if we ever revert to the dreaded drachma . 
  an unfortunate aspect of this late adoption of the internet as an alternative source of information is the adoption of blogs as reliable news sources in a i-read-it-in-a-book kind of way , by people who are n't yet versed in the art of detecting bullshit and sorting out signal from noise . 
  not unlike what happened in a lot of countries , but 5 or 6 years displaced . 
  i say unfortunate because in a time of crisis what you need least of , is a badly informed populace . 
  in the words of pauli , this article is not even wrong . 
  i 'm not convinced . 
  this argument has been doing the rounds for quite some time in greece , mainly by the opposition parties . 
  their reasoning is : why cut more government spending and labor rights and pensions etc. 
  when we can just make use of our power to threaten . 
  the problem is this power is unusable because it is devisive . 
  you ca n't play chicken on such important matters and hope the others budge first because then you lose whatever moral high ground ( do n't laugh ) you earned by condemning the country to 10 + years of austerity . 
  and when you lose that , the european citizens will revolt against the idea that your country deserves to be saved . 
  just my 2 drachm . . cents . 
  come to greece !, 
  over here it 's as easy to do business as it is cold . 
  is as innocent as f.a.g. 
  was in team america . 
  it 's no big deal , but to say there 's no malevolence in it is intellectually dishonest . 
   the german plan , leaked to the financial times , says that , `` given the disappointing compliance so far , greece has to accept shifting budgetary sovereignty to the european level for a certain period of time . '', 
  it 's just a political play so the troika wo n't be blamed for the plan 's failure so far . 
  leak a non-paper saying that we need more control over the budget . 
  this implies that the fault lies with the greek government and not with the plan itself . 
  nationalist greeks have a nazi-referencing field day , criticism for the plan is averted , nothing really changes . 
  naurgul 's comment is spot on . 
  it 's a silly argument this `` politeness '' thing . 
  the guy who pointed it out later added that he sat through most of the meetings . 
  if that 's what he got out of it all , maybe political analysis is n't one of his strong subjects ; or maybe he was focusing too much on making the women giggle . 
  it 's one thing to dumb down an issue so it fits 2 minutes of airtime , but this here is some alternate reality he pulled out of his ass . 
  i daydream about moving to canada :|, 
  are human rights violations not important all of a sudden ? 
  do n't let the captain be greek do n't let the captain be greek do n't let the captain be greek, 
  thanks stephen , you helpless romantic . 
  greece should be second with 16 % -18 % . 
  who made this map ? 
  just ignore that sociopath . 
  are imaginary internet points reason enough for you help perpetuate a bank-run rumor happening in your own country ? 
  upvote for pure class . 
   you actually believe you suffer prejudice on a similar scale to black people and homosexuals . 
  no i do n't . 
  this is just you talking out of your arse . 
  you 've clearly made up your mind about me long before you engaged me in conversation . 
  edit : as for you laughing in my face , please stop it . 
  you 're laughing in a computer screen some thousands of kilometers away , and it 's disturbing to picture . 
  ah yes , the `` do n't complain when there are people who have it worse than you '' argument . 
  i 'll wait for every single wrong due to prejudice to be righted before my number comes up . 
  fair enough . 
  you 've earned your right to continue calling us pigs and when we object , tell us how it 's not a passive-aggressive racist slur but is in fact just `` a phrase to explain complex situations '' . 
  i never said the terms carried equal baggage . 
  but rationalizing it by saying pigs is just an acronym is a slippery slope , as the origins of most terms are more or less innocent in nature . 
  aww , a little englander ; how quaint . 
  if you ca n't tell how they 're equally derisive you have bigger problems than * i * can explain away . 
  two can play the snub game . 
  so are the terms `` niggers '' and `` faggots '' . 
  what 's your point ? 
  also , they invented gayness . 
  the bbc is using that `` pigs '' term . 
  what gets my goat is the guy got 3 upvotes for displaying ignorance . 
  you 're confusing my flair with my comment . 
  he means the greeks have to find it through further taxes . 
  stop being so fucking reactionary , god fucking dammit . 
   even though there are jackass countries we can blame , not once has the general opinion failed that the crisis must be solved and then get on with said thing . 
  i really ca n't get my head around what you are proud of exactly . 
  fucking over part of europe and then letting them fail ( as is proposed as a solution in your post ) is my definition of not being proud of it . 
  old article about a dated witch-hunt . 
  what happened is the opposition formally made allegations of treason , and there are mechanisms in place to follow up on such matters . 
  nothing will come out of it , it 's just a classic move by the opposition to incite far-right nationalistic emotions . 
  it 's funny how botching the numbers is treason , but hiding deficits is heroic , especially when it 's abundantly clear that it 's the hiding that brought us to this mess . 
  samaras , for whom i can attest , has fallen in a trap of his own making . 
  he kept relatively high numbers in the opinion polls by following a hard anti-memorandum stance . 
  he knew the governing party ( pasok ) could take some beating before the next elections as pasok came into government in 2009 with a 10 % lead ahead of samaras ' party . 
  what happened is public acceptance for the government dropped fast to the point of being called not representative of the people by samaras and many prominent voices in politics and in the media , hence papandreou 's move towards a referendum . 
  what this ( personal opinion follows ) unlocked was to bring those voices to the spotlight and hold them accountable for their anti-memorandum rants .
