  they failed to deliver ? 
  why ? 
  because someone 2000 miles away promised he 'd be better at it - maybe ? 
  against what standard do you measure the available leeway that went unexploited ? 
  samaras was also irresponsibly talking the talk up to the time when he saw first hand how difficult negotiating is . 
  that 's when he did a 180 , and has been marked a `` traitor '' ever since . 
  as for why the fire is concentrated on one party , the answer is simple . 
  it 's the only party still moralizing at a moment , when the country is in dire need of governance . 
  they want to keep their campaign promises ? 
  how ? 
  they got 17 % , which will maybe become 20 % in the next election . 
  pasok got 40 % in 2009 , and still did n't get to keep their promises because reality got in the way . 
  edit : as for samaras , the fact that he even considers a coalition government , means he 's not irreconcilable . 
   there is currently a systematic pr attack targeting syriza from older parties and established media . 
  oh , enough already . 
  the fact that the attack is systematic does n't mean a thing . 
  xrysh aygh also draws a systematic attack . 
  syriza draws fire because they 're still bullshitting their voters , much like pasok and nd did , in previous elections . 
  a festivus for the rest of us . 
  what i 'm afraid of is an inept handling of the situation . 
  at the moment , syriza is preaching to the choir . 
  if they 're serious about actually doing something about it , they need to form a coalition government now , and take their fight to europe . 
  hey get a load of this guy !, 
  he 's looking for a rational answer as to the greek communist party 's stance . 
  spitha is this movement led by theodorakis that preferred to stay out of sunday 's election . 
  prepare for more assclownery once he gets his 27 % . 
  kammenos voters might go for syriza this time round . 
  remember how kammenos tried to get hold of spitha supporters a month ago ? 
  well , he got some of them and now theodorakis will hand them to syriza , since he stated a few minutes ago that he will get actively invlolved in the next election . 
  edit : i was about to correct `` invlolved '' but on second thought it sounds about right . 
  the only way is down for them now . 
  what kept their numbers up all this time leading to the election was complete deliberate silence , when all the other parties were extremely vocal . 
  the leader of the kke would n't even pick up the phone to talk with syriza , let alone meet them for negotiations . 
  one of the first things she said after the results was that she would never cooperate with syriza . 
  they 're avoiding the question . 
  i really hope they have a very specific strategy in mind and they 're not making it up as they go . 
  so far , they 've scared the shit out of me . 
  latest polls give 1,7 to each . 
  a coalition between the two would n't lose any of them any voters , so it would be a good move . 
  i voted for \u03b4\u03c1\u03b1\u03c3\u03b7 hoping they 'd play a role in the coalition . 
  in my humble opinion , it 's a party with a voice of reason , away from populist promises of an easy fix . 
  it is led by stefanos manos , an independant member of parliament who was formelly voted in through both nd and pasok , and it consists of people who are respected in their field ( amongst them is miranda xafa , a former member of the imf committee , grigoris valianatos , an activist for gay rights , and thanos veremis , a professor of modern history ) . 
  sadly , they did not make it into parliament . 
  i do n't think the situation calls for such an extreme reaction . 
  the election results can be interpreted a million ways , but it is certain that neither the pro-memorandum nor the anti-memorandum parties `` won '' the election . 
  government needs 151/300 members , so yes , it 's enough . 
  with the new coalition , the deal is still on , but the new government will - supposedly - push for changes in the deal in terms of growth . 
  coalition ( if formed ) will most likely consist of nd ( 1st , 18,92 % , 108 members ) , pasok ( 3rd , 13,22 % , 41 members ) , and dhmar ( 7th , 6,10 % , 19 members ) . 
  what looks know most likely to happen is this third bid will fail , after which , the party leaders will meet under the president on friday and will form a coalition government after a few days of deliberations . 
  i have the feeling a coalition government will be formed once the president brings them together for further talks on friday . 
  already , the heads of nd and pasok are warming up to the idea . 
  first round 's on us !, 
  . . think they 'll take a check ? 
  hey what 's going on here ? 
  nobody told us you had a party at germany 's house ... france we met earlier for coffee you could have said something , ya know ? ... por . . portugal you 're here too ?!, 
  * patriotic * right . 
  if you lived in greece you 'd experience this rise of the patriotic right , first hand . 
  no need for a wikipedia entry . 
  7 % of the greek electorate has n't watched tropic thunder . 
  another point i 'd make is that their party leader had asked for complete silence by their members during pre-election , so they would n't be called out for the neo-nazis that they are . 
  it worked . 
  oh , and their party leader is half mad . 
  for the press conference he gave after the results , all journalists who attended were required to stand up as he came in , and those who did n't , were thrown out . 
  at another point during his speech i heard him ranting about late-night porn on tv . . ( not sure if because too much or not enough ), 
  he was not the messiah , he was a very naughty boy . 
  shitstorms tend to drag a lot of unjustified shit along with the justified shit , and sorting them out is no easy task amid shit weather . 
  it 's a shit state of affairs . 
  kwstantinos simitis ' administration was plagued by high level corruption that generated a lot of resentment for the political system during the following years , but on the specific subject , his view carries a lot of weight and rightly serves as a reality check for anyone insisting that greece was the black sheep of europe back in 2000 . 
  exactly . 
  europeans saying greece should just stop buying , fail to realize we 'd do it in an instant were europe to guarantee our borders with turkey . 
  i have had it with these motherfucking weapons on motherfucking boats !, 
  if you enjoyed this editorialized post , you may also enjoy : `` is the sun habitable after all ? '', 
  and `` evidence proving elvis was sasquatch . 
  are there any ? '', 
  yes , the rockets are a dead giveaway of our ambitious space program . 
  we choose to go to the moon in this decade and do the other things , not because they are easy , but because they 're easier than staying in europe . 
  it certainly has been that way the last 20 years when the economy was doing ok . now that everything 's going south , it 's hard to imagine a shift to a more demanding immigration policy in terms of border control . 
   what i find more disgusting is how poverty is making people in greece more right wing and xenophobic . 
  poverty seems to have this effect on people in general . 
  with a shrinking fund pool , the different social groups find themselves competing more fiercely for their share , and an unfortunate side-effect is the increased acceptance of easy solutions advocated by xenophobic politicians . 
  with regard to greece , the issue is a complicated one . 
  we never had the strict , and at times inhumane , immigration policy the uk has , but then again we never had a serious well thought out immigration policy , altogether . 
  this has led to tension on the streets , with extreme right wing thugs taking matters into their own hands . 
  so the question becomes : do you enact a strict immigration policy that respects the immigrants ' rights and make a serious effort to assimilate the number of immigrants your society can sustainably handle , or do you keep your borders loose and let the thugs take their rage out on random people on the street ? 
  whose resignation letter did he plagiarize ? 
  how can you go out on dates in a time like this ? 
  what are you , some sort of tycoon ? 
  bring your date directly home and promise you 'll take her out once the economy picks up . 
  oh shit , they 're two years backed up . 
  when they come into office , they 'll seriously come into office . 
  why , i thought everyone agreed [ jaffa cakes are not bisquits . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2np4wzj-mi ) anyway , thanks for summing it all up in this digestive biscuit of a comment . 
  is this a genuine issue or were some journalists called in to divert attention from the donations scandal ? 
  maybe you did n't understand my comment above , which is why i 'm facepalming so hard right now . 
  we know it 's corruption and tax dodging that brought us here . 
  you see the protests on the streets and assume we feel blameless . 
  that 's what 's simplistic about this opinion being fed to you by your media . 
  it 's easy hate . 
  it was just an obvious joke i could n't resist , do n't get your panties in a twist . 
  those lazy germans .
