   most greek people see themselves as completely blameless for the situation this is beyond idiotic . 
  your media has convinced you about the fact and you gladly accepted their simplistic version of events . 
  if you had any first hand experience you 'd know most greeks know where the blame lies . 
  upvoted for keeping it real . 
  because it sells papers . 
  where in my comments do i say that the main culprits are foreigners ? 
  you keep bringing this up , but nowhere in my comment do i make that assertion . 
  and why would i address the shadow economy ? 
  i was n't making a point about that . 
  the link i asked was not for corruption . 
  i asked for a reliable source other than that cnn article , which i found seriously lacking in quality because it has no citations . 
  as for the 10 out of 10 number , i was being sarcastic of your `` in some form '' addition . 
  and please refrain from personal attacks of the how-old-are-you variety . 
  i 'm doing you a favor replying to your mess of a comment as it is . 
  your convoluted logic makes answering very difficult and ultimately pointless . 
   perhaps you should notice that a lot of other countries have siemens and other western european firms without being corrupt [ yeah , about that . . ] ( https://www.propublica.org/special/the-world-wide-web-of-siemenss-corruption ) and here 's another entertaining example of [ imported corruption ] ( http://www.athensnews.gr/issue/13431/37986 ) and since you 're so link happy , you might want to include a better source than cnn for that 6 out of 10 number , as well as a link for the 8 out of 10 number for your country , whilst explaining what you mean by `` in some form '' . 
  i 'm pretty sure we 'll find that 10 out of 10 people in greece pay taxes `` in some form '' . 
  who upvotes this tripe ? 
  a non-issue , manufactured by the media of both countries to incite anger and move their product . 
  and you 're helping them perpetuate this nonsense . 
  the number from your first link does not address corruption . 
  furthermore , it sounds like bullshit because the only source everyone on the internet is citing for this information , is the same shitty cnn article that has no citations . 
  your second link does not go counter to what the above commenter said . 
  as for your last point :  other parties are not innocent , but do not blame it on anyone else . 
  if they are not innocent , why not blame them for their part ? 
  the butthurt is strong with that one . 
  check his comment history , it 's too funny . 
  gay discovery gives romania prospect of full energy independence ? 
  i 'm picturing a never-ending gay parade on a giant treadmill powering a generator . 
  incompetence is n't a crime in itself but can lead to one , much in the same way an incompetent driver can run into pedestrians . 
  some tried but were shot before they could press `` save '' . 
  we run a tight ship here in [ / r/europe ] ( / r/europe ), 
  it 's not too bad as a joke i guess , but `` text greece '' ? 
  why not `` text trolololol '' while you 're at it ? 
  or `` call 1-800-roflocopter '' ? 
  hey i got a pm from kildestt , what was that about elderberries ?!, 
  not cool , dude !, 
  [ / r/standupcomedy ] ( / r/standupcomedy ) is that way -- , 
  the two are not mutually exclusive . 
  i can confirm we were all gay back then and we 've only become gayer with time . 
  your canned response is irrelevant to our subject which was that according to you , the current greek welfare state is on par ( or better , even ) than the german one . 
  but i digress . 
  i * really * have no interest in your ignorant rants . 
  shush now . 
  please do . 
  health ? 
  education ? 
  care for the elderly ? 
  try and tell me greece enjoys the same levels of social welfare as western european countries . 
  or better yet , do n't . 
  i have no interest in your ill informed teenage anger . 
  minimum wage \u2260 welfare state . 
  nope . 
  the problem is western european prices without western european wages . 
  i wholeheartedly agree . 
  i do n't expect much from the communists but those remarks from syriza really came out of , well , left field . 
  and yet , just yesterday , alexis tsipras , leader left wing party \u03a3\u03a5\u03a1\u0399\u0396\u0391 , talked about how the governing party leaders are not `` greek '' enough [ link in greek ] ( http://www.isotimia.gr/default.asp?pid=24&amp;ct=54&amp;artid=108073 ) . 
  i 'm not saying the left 's rhetoric revolves solely around national pride , but an element of this does exist . 
  this says more about your attention span than it does about the article . 
  careful now count , greek redditors are developing a bit of a redditor-crush on you . 
  the problem is that the quality of the discussion suffers when people are in it just to vent . 
  that 's what psychoanalysis is for . 
  i 'm not categorically castigating anyone . 
  i 'm merely pointing out that it 's not constructive . 
  i am of the opinion that only constructive discussions are worth having . 
  and yes , i did have to look up `` castigated '' . 
  nowhere in that text am i proposing we make rules of what to say and what to leave out . 
   tell you what , if you ever visit athens , pm me and we 'll go for a beer . 
  did you just mask your name so no one knows you 're a lannister ? 
  300 million in defense cut from the 2012 budget . 
  which is peanuts to space , but still . 
  make mine a stella . 
  i 'll do my best to give you a tl ; dr this evening when i get back from work . 
   i have yet to see a greek defending germanys point of view in this situation you 'd be surprised . 
  a crisis is a complicated thing to wrap your head around , so we all tend to make shortcuts in our logic just to make the problem go away . 
  there 's just-world thinkers who want absolute justice for their world view to make sense , there 's nationalists who blame the foreigners for everything and label their disagreeing countrymen as traitors , and there 's level-headed individuals who happen to shout the least and try to keep objective . 
  these people are useless to the media . 
  you can snap a photo of a burning building but you ca n't snap a photo of an individual being reflective and trying to think of solutions to a problem . 
  to answer your question : i , for one , have found myself defending germany 's point of view , to some extent , to friends and coworkers , and it 's not unusual for us to take opposite points of view among us . 
   i do n't see too many greeks speak with a voice of reason and caution there are a lot of greeks doing just that , but it goes under-reported because the nazi-uniforms are the ones making the headlines and selling the papers . 
  as for the rest of your comment , you continue to lump everyone together so i do n't see i can add anything constructive other than to repeat my previous comment . 
  edit : for clarity, 
   are these people retarded ? 
  yes . 
  i was sarcastically implying we are not the single unified entity we 're made out to be for over-simplification purposes . 
  yes . 
  we all went to the center yesterday and burned athens . 
  right after we evaded taxes . 
  that 's what we do us greeks , we are the borg . 
  aww that was harsh , but partly true . 
  i did live in glasgow for 5 years but i had been a fan of british comedy for a few years before that . 
  what converted me was an airing of blackadder by a greek channel in 1990 , along with the monty python movies i 'd seen as a kid . 
  i also remember having an audio cassette with the radio shows of alan partridge , but all the rest i learned after 97 ' when i moved there . 
  one thing i admire about the british is that you 've proved to the world that we can have economically viable quality television and radio . 
  as for british comedy , i try to keep up now that i 'm back home , so if there 's anything new you think is worth checking out , do tell !, 
  bill bailey 's stand up is awesome . 
  the use of his musical talent for comedic purposes is phenomenal ( that black books episode with the piano gets me every time ) . 
  for smaller caliber , frankie boyle is good for guilty laughs but from what i hear , he 's been getting a lot of flak lately . 
  noel fielding i personally like a lot but he 's hard to justify , and i always include james bachman in my top 10 just for that one 1 minute skit i heard on some radio 4 's show 6 years ago about a benevolent dictator ( which i can not find anywhere on the internet anymore ) . 
  however , most of all , i admire eddie izzard who 's a true iconoclast , and without the help of any props whatsoever .
