  well , after having for so many years bad politicians greece would n't let a crisis stop that tradition . 
  so ... that 's a reason for the austerity did n't work . 
  the measures should aim structural reforms instead of looting people ( guess which one they chose ) another was the mere hugeness of the debt . 
  i mean , if you can not collect more than debt grows in interest you have things looking pretty good ... 
  you gave two bad examples . 
  hong kong and switzerland have great economies and low poverty because they depend on someone abroad having those in their turn, 
  have you ever read grapes of wrath ? 
  a small pay is surely insufficient to live or even sustain a family . 
  it 's still slightly better than nothing . 
  the better part is to die slowly without a chance of change instead of immediately, 
  however , just forget your social security fee , turn prime minister and no one loses their minds ... 
  equatorial guinea showing why it should never be allowed in the cplp, 
  ** non-cable channels ** * rtp1 - state owned channel . 
  on week days : 6am-10am : the news . 
  only 1 hour is original , than repeated on loop . 
  10am-1pm : a talk show , aimed at the unemployed and the old people . 
  great probability of having folk/trashy singer in playback with some dancers by their side , some groups with dance or drum shows . 
  on the last hour some pseudo specialist in crime is going to give his analysis of some crimes in an alarmist way . 
  by the middle publicity breaks of 20-30 minutes and a brazilian guy is going to shows us the marvels of his new product that is going to improve your health miraculously . 
  and there 's also the prize of the day : call to this number 760 -- -- for only 60 cents plus vat ( it 's 23 % here ) and you might win this 30 000 $ in gold bars/a card that you have to use for purchases only and can not transfer to another account or a car of that same worth ( it varies from time to time ) . 
  1pm-2pm : the news . 
  with some segments repeated from the morning . 
  2pm-4pm : the afternoon soap opera . 
  probably a rerun . 
  4pm-6pm : a talk show just like the one in the morning . 
  except the crime guy part . 
  6pm-7pm : the news . 
  this time themed on more regional aspects . 
  typically the stuff you read on your local newspaper but on a tv format . 
  7pm-8pm : the portuguese version of the price is right . 
  instead of bob barker we have [ fernando mendes ] ( http://www.atelevisao.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/10018020193_68f953aebd_b.jpg ) . 
  usually watched by old people , who seem to watch it religiously , is used by civil parishes and small companies to show their products ( normally cheeses , smoked ham and sausages , and wines ) . 
  8pm-9pm : the news . 
  with some segments repeated earlier on the day and repeated on loop . 
  9pm-12pm : the prime time soap opera and other soap operas that follow through . 
  watch a manipulative golddigger trying to move away the good nothing wrong protagonist from the hot charming handsome and rich guy , some bankrupted family trying to act as still rich and a couple of goofies in a love-hate romance . 
  this in all soap operas . 
  0am-2am : there 's an on and off talk show aimed at the youth in the style of american late shows here that came up from rtp2 when begun to have interesting audiences . 
  when is not on the air , if we 're lucky we might see a film or a good series at this time . 
  if not , it 's a soap opera rerun . 
  2am-6pm : tv shopping . 
  mops that clean like no other , a matress that improves your back , creams made out of that gooey stuff snails leave behind when they move and makes your skin better than ever , a super hose , sexual stimulants and other useless shit . 
  * rtp2 - state owned channel and the outlier in this group . 
  usually is the least seen channel by far , and the shortest add breaks , that only announce concerts , cultural events , other shows and solidarity causes . 
  2am-7am : euronews . 
  on loop . 
  7am-2pm : cartoons . 
  2pm-4 / 5pm : talk shows about the environment , citizenship , religion or cultural events . 
  if not , a series rerun or a documentary . 
  4/5pm -8 pm : cartoons . 
  8pm-9pm : a series rerun ( usually a sitcom ) or a documentary . 
  9pm-11pm : show about cultural events and shit . 
  if not , a documentary . 
  11pm-2am : the best international series . 
  most of them are american but there are from other countries , like borgen . 
  after that , there comes an author 's film or just an old one ( sometimes it 's both ) . 
  * sic and tvi : private owned channels . 
  in a race to the bottom to see who has the least quality with rtp1 , but these two stayh ahead a little bit in viewer 's size : 6am-10am ( for tvi ) , 6am-9am ( for sic ) : the news . 
  only 1 hour is original , than repeated on loop . 
  9am-10am ( for sic ) : sic has this originality of having a woman answering peoples 's questions ( call 760 -- -- , for only 6o cents plus vat , and your troubles shall be answered ) with the help of tarot and reading today 's horoscopes . 
  10am-1pm : a talk show , aimed at the unemployed and the old people . 
  great probability of having folk/trashy singer in playback with some dancers by their side , some groups with dance or drum shows . 
  on the last hour some pseudo specialist in crime is going to give his analysis of some crimes in an alarmist way . 
  by the middle publicity breaks of 20-30 minutes and a brazilian guy is going to shows us the marvels of his new product that is going to improve your health miraculously . 
  and there 's also the prize of the day : call to this number 760 -- -- for only 60 cents plus vat ( it 's 23 % here ) and you might win this 30 000 $ in gold bars/a card that you have to use for purchases only and can not transfer to another account or a car of that same worth ( it varies from time to time ) . 
  1pm-2pm : the news . 
  with some segments repeated from the morning . 
  2pm-4pm : the afternoon soap opera . 
  4pm-6pm : a talk show . 
  just like in the morning , except the crime guy . 
  tvi makes the difference here by having a lie detector and make people settle their differences ( often petty ) . 
  very cringe moment when the spanish expert in polygraphs says his findings , everybody understands , the tv presenter then translates it and a roller coaster of emotions ( and discussions ) come to the audience . 
  6pm-8pm : the news . 
  with some segments repeated earlier on the day and repeated on loop . 
  some self promotion might appear . 
  9pm-2am : the prime time soap opera and other soap operas that follow through . 
  watch a manipulative golddigger trying to move away the good nothing wrong protagonist from the hot charming handsome and rich guy , some bankrupted family trying to act as still rich , a couple of goofies in a love-hate romance . 
  this in all soap operas . 
  2am-6am : tv shopping . 
  you , u/ophiusa , and u/morpheuspt are the most informative portuguese commenters always nice to see your take on the matter, 
  it was already awarded to other institutions , like the un peacekeeping forces . 
  the peace prize is the the odd one in the nobel family because it is awarded in oslo and not in stockholm like everybody else, 
   but england will be at the next euros again says who ? 
  collateral effects : tsunami, 
  now i am confused . 
  i thought it was on '40, 
  do n't know any russian , but are these numbers of individuals ? 
  wow , do they update it every year ? 
  not much . 
  salazar was nowhere close to the brutality of the spanish or even german regimes . 
  there were n't mass killings , no blatant racism and no special oppression of minorities . 
  the vast majority agrees that those were some tough times and nowadays we live with a better quality of life and more opportunities . 
  we are thankful to him for organizing the country 's finances ( still one of the largest gold reserves in the world ) and the neutrality of world war ii . 
  but there is some resentment against him because of the way he handled education and healthcare , how he treated the country that was not lisbon , the repression of free speech and specially the colonial war . 
  the last polemic i 've heard around him was when his home town santa comba d\u00e3o decided to sell salazar cabbages and salazar wine , but it was seen more as distasteful than associated with right wing extremism . 
  wow , they do keep those numbers accurate in russia, 
  there 's also to consider the spanish regime ended in 1979 with a smooth transition and the german on 1945 after a war that destroyed the country and followed by occupation and vows to never ever repeat it again . 
  older than most of europe , bro, 
   portugal can manage it as an island wait , we 're not ? 
  you are now banned from r/portugalcaralho,
