  sorry i turned this reaction into a rant against the vvd , but i noticed your dutch flair and your statement was something that ( in my biased opinion ) a stereotypical vvd ` er would say . 
  in the netherlands we usually hoist the flag only during national holidays ( king 's day , half-staff at remembrance day , liberation day , veteran 's day ) and when you finish high school ( including your now useless backpack ) . 
  i understand why you 'd continously want to express your national pride , but i also like how it can be something reserved for special moments . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37ihswa1swe ), 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37ihswa1swe ), 
  not u/aselona , but one scenario i can imagine is marine le pen winning the french elections , instigating frexit or at least trying to leave the euro or not complying with eu regulations . 
  the eu can ( and should ) strongarm little countries like hungary when they are on an autoritharian path , but france is too big for that to be realistic . 
  ( especially now the eu is being weakened by the departure of its second largest economy . ), 
  meanwhile russia keeps meddling in the politics of eastern europe , turkey sends all its refugees into europe , prompting european countries to abandon schengen and reinstate harsh border patrols , build walls etc. 
  none of this is helping the greek and italian economies , the financial markets lose their faith and it 's all downhill from there . 
  agreed . 
  the silent majority who thinks that things generally are okay but could use some gradual improvements needs to speak up . 
  counter their narratives . 
  engage with the fanatics . 
  puncture bubbles and destroy echo chambers . 
  you can do it u/pm _ me_ur_ricecooker . 
  please do so . 
  love how you can see the flanders-wallonia border . 
  please skip amsterdam please skip amsterdam pls skip amsterdam, 
  you could attach a mirror to the ceiling . 
  that way you can look up at us , down here . 
  it passes through the hague though . 
  not our capital , but it is our seat of government . 
  i assume they went with `` capitals route '' because it 's more catchy than `` seats of government route '' and just hoped nobody would notice . 
  i know it 's not the point of this map , but man did they misplace amsterdam . 
  yeah and do n't forget that the sanctions they put in place in response to the eu and us sanctions hurt the european export of agricultural products . 
  i know that in holland the agricultural sector took a hit from lower prices , partially because of decreased demand from russia . 
  i mean it was funny when they were just squeezing ( spanish ) oranges and burning french flags , but this most definitely was n't . 
  because it started out in frankfurt . 
  from there it spread to other german cities and is now also spreading across europe . 
  [ here ] ( http://pulseofeurope.eu/poe-staedte/ ) is a list of cities where poe events are being organized . 
  nationalism and globalism are n't mutually exclusive . 
  ( eg china ) the opposite of nationalism is cosmopolitanism , the opposite of globalism is protectionism . 
  one is socio-political , the other is economical . 
  i agree with the first part of your reaction , but the second part is more about centralization vs. decentralization , rather than cosmoplitanism vs. nationalism . 
  yeah that was a major mistake . 
  i 'm not really comfortable with how most of the established media in the netherlands are fawning over him , saying how he was such a well-appreciated leader of the eurogroup and he should stay on even if he is no longer our minister of finance . 
  i mean sure , he got re-elected for a second term and germany loved him , but his policies did contribute to the crashing of greece 's economy , and a lot of the money we send south did was used to pay off northern banks and did not help the economy very much . 
  me too, 
  true , i 'll admit . 
  like i said two posts up , it 's something i personaly am convinced off . 
  when prompted for a source , i came up with the best i could find . 
  filling out a survey with the answer that you have smoked weed in the past month does not mean that you smoke weed * every * month . 
   because we mostly pay instead of receive money from it as far as i know if you look at how much we pay to and receive from the eu * directly * then yes , we pay more than we get from them . 
  ( i.e. 
  our governments contribution minus the eu investments and subsidies that go to dutch companies and farms . ), 
  * indirectly * though , i think that the netherlands profit tremendously from being in the eu . 
  not to say that are n't downsides to some parts of our economy as well , like truck drivers being having to compete with cheaper labor from elsewhere in europe . 
  [ here ] ( https://assets.trimbos.nl/docs/3fdeab39-f34e-4aa0-97af-5dbf111c05a0.pdf ) you go . 
  these numbers are from 2016 . 
  ** cannabis ** : page 10 . 
  so 4.2 % of * all * adults uses cannabis once per month . 
  this includes 65 + grannies and all babyboomers . 
  i assume that 18-25 year olds have an above average consumption , so i 'd say that for the 18-25 category , at least 10 % is a reasonable estimate . 
  the percentage of 15-16 year olds that use cannabis at least once per month is 20 % . 
  i do n't think that this consumption drops that much when they reach the age of 18 . 
  this is about 15-35 year olds that go out ( i.e. 
  parties , festivals and clubs etc. ), 
  this is the national average . 
  of course there is overlap between cannabis users and xtc users , but then you still have all the other drugs ( excluding alcohol ) like cocaine , shrooms ( paddo 's ) , 4fmp , 4fa , 2cb , amfetamine ( speed ) etc. 
  based on these numbers , i 'd say that 10 % of 18-25 year-olds that use non-alcoholic drugs at least once per month is a fair assumption . 
  also young people at home ( weed , shrooms ) or at parties and festivals ( xtc ,4 fmp ,2 cb , ketamine etc. ) . 
  it 's not an everyday thing but i 'm sure that at least 10 % of 18-23 year olds use drugs at least once a month . 
  but since it is usually contained to places where it 's no problem for the general public you only see the us frat boys and french tourists who are fucked out of their minds and stumble into the canals . 
  i do the same . 
  yesterday we lost in coffee consumption , but today we win in human development . 
  so we 're about even . 
  i do n't . 
  i think there is a fairly high chance that the perpetrator is muslim . 
  i just do n't accept a photo of a wounded black man as proof that this was a muslim terrorist attack , and think we should not jump to conclusions until we have confirmation from a credible source that this is the case . 
  otherwise we might have [ this ] ( http://money.cnn.com/2017/01/31/media/fox-news-justin-trudeau/ ) again . 
  because all black men are muslims . 
  you forget the mountain germans ( swiss ) and sound-of-music germans ( austrians ) . 
  none so far . 
  they migth win one or two in the north , where they usually are strongest , but it 's entirely possible they wo n't win any district at all . 
  just reported gl winning in amsterdam , followed by d66 and the vvd . 
  i think the article is a little premature . 
  the article that the guardian links says that just 56 % of the votes have been counted in rotterdam , with the pvv just ahead of the vvd . 
  most parties in the dutch system have members , who vote on party congress about the party platform , sometimes about the party leadership etc. 
  except for the pvv . 
  the pvv has just one member : geert wilders . 
  he decides what happens , he can fire anyone and can never be fired himself . 
  more like a cult than a genuine political party . 
  ( though somewhat understandable . 
  the lpf was the spiritual predecessor to the vvd , and after their political leader pim fortuyn was murdered , the party quickly collapsed due to infighting . 
  to prevent that , wilders wants to be completely in control . ), 
  edit : the pvv does hand in a list of candidates that we vote for on the ballot . 
  i 'm not sure if wilders can block the candidates from gaining a seat if he feels like it before they are sworn in as parlementarians . 
  after they 're sworn in , they can theoretically break away from the pvv if they want to . 
  some pvv-politicians did just that in the past few years , forming independent fractions in parliament . 
  the vvd scored ~ 40 seats in 2012 , and was polling at ~ 27 for the past weeks . 
  31 seats is actually better than expected . 
  source : [ http://frontbencher.nl/peilingen/] ( http://frontbencher.nl/peilingen/ ), 
  to add to what u/mrboombaastic said : if you ca n't make it in person , it is very easy to allow someone else ( that you trust ) to take your voting pass and vote for you . 
  just write his/her information on your voting card , give him/her a copy of your passport/id card/driver 's license and that 's it . 
  what state did you live in ? 
  from what i hear , it 's primarily the republican states that do things like gerrymandering , strict voter id laws , and taking away voting rights from ex-convicts . 
  also , i 've seen a lot of videos of long lines in front of the voting stations , people waiting hours to vote . 
  here in holland , i got my voting pass by mail , went to one of the dozens of voting stations in my city , showed them my drivers license and could vote immediatly . 
  i do n't think the differences are insurmountable .
