  the groenlinks leader has , during the campaign , always stated that he 'd prefer a left-wing coalition , but would also happily talk with the vvd to see what they can achieve there . 
  those parties do n't hold a majority of seats . 
  according to the exit poll they have ~ 69 seats , while you need 76 for a majority . 
  i think most people in the netherlands are quite content with the result actually . 
  it 's not historically high : [ https://www.parlement.com/id/vh8lnhrp8wsz/opkomst_bij_tweede_kamerverkiezingen] ( https://www.parlement.com/id/vh8lnhrp8wsz/opkomst_bij_tweede_kamerverkiezingen ) it is the highest turnout in 30 years , but not that much higher than in 2003 and 2006 . 
  that 's definitively possible . 
  the dutch political system is based on making compromises , but the past four years it always seemed like the pvda gave up more than the vvd . 
  i doubt it . 
  the netherlands has always been slightly right-wing , and vvd is to far right for most left-wingers . 
  and vvd and cda are the ones fighting against legalization . 
  i have followed the us elections very close as well , and voting today made me feel really proud and grateful to live in a well-functioning democracy . 
  tbf it is our highest turnout in 35 years . 
  groenlinks , christenunie , pvdd and d66 are the climate-friendly parties . 
  vvd and pvv are worst when it comes to climate . 
  the rest is somewhat in the middle . 
  that has been a tradition for just 35 years . 
  in 1982 the biggest party was the pvda , but lubbers from the cda became prime minister . 
  before that , it happened occasionaly that the prime minister did n't come from the biggest party . 
  ( drees did it twice , for instance ) . 
  they 're not conservative , but they are economically liberal . 
  in the netherlands those philosophies are both considered right-wing , because the vvd is a right-wing party . 
  the vvd is culturally conservative and economically liberal , d66 is culturally progressive and economically liberal . 
  both want free-market capitalism , but d66 wants a little more government oversight than the vvd . 
  d66 is for cannabis legalization , vvd against etc. 
  i believe the youth wing of the sgp organized a camping trip to schiermonnikoog during the elections as a joke . 
  side by side with all europeans , but also slightly ahead of finland . 
  vvd , cda and d66 seems almost inevitable . 
  what worries me is the fourth party . 
  rutte has options here , so cu or gl or other parties will not have a very strong negotiating position . 
  did you even * see * the size of our ballot ? 
  besides , austria as 8.5 m inhabitants , the netherlands 17m . 
  i 'm quite content with the result , and the support from you and others here in this sub is heartwarming . 
  the number of refugees decreased from 43k to 18k , thanks in part to the deal with turkey . 
  makes people less inclined to vote for an anti-immigration party . 
  on the other hand , in the last elections vvd was almost as large as the pvda , so they were negotiationg as ( almost ) equals . 
  now , the vvd can e.g. 
  choose whether they want groenlinks or cu as coalition party , so gl or cu will not have such a strong negotiating position . 
  cda probably wo n't join a left-wing coalition . 
  also , coalitions with that many parties are rare . 
  it 's 45 years ago since we last had a coalition of more than 3 parties . 
  yes . 
  cda has moved much closer to the vvd in the last few years . 
  they 're not the centre party than they used to be . 
  i do n't think they would join a coalition with only left-wing parties . 
  for those who do n't know : we have 5 islands to our north in the waddenzee which are visited by a lot of tourists . 
  turnout there often is more than 100 % because of this . 
  nevertheless , we did have quite a high turnout ( 81 % vs. 75 % in 2012 ) , so yay !, 
  for democracy . 
  * da ge bedankt ziet , da witte * means something like : `` you do n't need me to express my thanks , because you already know grateful i am . '', 
  nice , but does this belong in / r/europe ? 
  our islands in the waddenzee have a lot of tourists , so those municipalities usually have 150 % turnout or higher . 
  check wikipedia . 
  we still have some pan-benelux institutions . 
  but at it 's founding the main purpose was to create a single market and remove tolls and trade barriers . 
  it 's been superceded by the eu in that regard . 
  nobody got shot . 
  the ` party ' founders ended their joke with the announcement that they had been killed during an attempted coup . 
  the vvd had an advertisement a few weeks ago where mark rutte wrote a letter `` to all dutchmen '' . 
  gave a few examples of what is considered ` bad ' behaviour that are mostly associated with young men of turkish and moroccan origin , like not giving right-of-way , catcalling women , hanging around in groups , and being intolerant of gays . 
  it featured the line : * ` if you reject our country so strongly , i think you should leave . 
  '' * he was n't talking about elderly people cutting in front of you in traffic . 
  nor about construction workers shouting a woman is pretty when she passes by . 
  nor about our not-so-gay-friendly orthodox christians . 
  this was a clear dog-whistle , and everyone who read it knew what he really meant . 
  the vvd has become a ppv-light in the last 10 years . 
  to me and my dutch friends , this poster indicates that women with headscarfs are not considered to be ` true ' dutch women , even if they 're second or third generation immigrants . 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  vvd has taken over a lot of the pvv 's rhetoric . 
  you ca n't tell me that [ this ] ( https://www.google.nl/search?q=vvd+kopvodden+kop+gebruiken&amp;prmd=ivn&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjcwofjic_sahxdsxokhq8ec6wq_auibygb#imgrc=y4fcps-ndj6rrm: ) does n't smell a little racist . 
   i can understand the want for a pride parade when it was first legalized but do n't understand the need for it every year . 
  legalization = / = acceptance . 
  in the netherlands , it has become more of a tradition that 's fun to partake in every year . 
  lgbt is very much accepted here , compared to the rest of europe . 
  the amsterdam canal parade mainly features boats from gay organizations and commercial parties , but also government organizations , some political parties , even the police and the army . 
  just goes to show that non-heterosexuality is accepted in all layers of society . 
  we have a lot of immigrants here that come from more conservative backgrounds , and for lgbt children who grow up in those environments it can be eye-opening to see that there are many people like them . 
  it 's also a strong statement * against * increasing intolerance in the netherlands , whether it comes from our own fundamentalist christians or from immigrants with a muslim or east-european background . 
  besides , it does n't hurt anybody . 
  just another party in the streets of amsterdam . 
  it 's fun and good for tourism and local businesses . 
   sexuality should n't be a reason to pride yourself with . 
  nor should it be something to be ashamed of . 
  sadly , many people who do n't belong to the majority still do , * especially * in more conservative countries . 
  this site shows the current polls : [ http://peilingwijzer.tomlouwerse.nl/] ( http://peilingwijzer.tomlouwerse.nl/ ) the dutch political landscape is very fractured at the moment , with no party having more than 20 % support . 
  leading in the polls are the populist-right pvv and conservative-right vvd , each at circa 17 % . 
  the pvv was the biggest party in the polls last year ( 23 % , and comfortably ahead of the rest ) , but the party leader has refused to participate in all the debates so far and the other parties have declared that they wo n't form a coalition that includes the pvv , so the pvv is effectively shut out of power . 
  in the last few weeks a lot of people have realized that a vote for the pvv is a wasted vote and are instead flocking to the vvd , the right-wing christian-democrat cda or some new fringe right-wing parties . 
  a coalition without the pvv or vvd will be impossible , so the result will probably be a center-right coalition of vvd ( conservative-right ) , cda ( right/christian-democrat ) , d66 ( progressive-right ) and either groenlinks ( left-progressive ) or pvda ( labour ) . 
  our `` alt-right '' has been here for a long time , the pvv actually was part of a minority cabinet in 2010-2012 . 
  did n't end well . 
  also the fact that their entire party platform for the elections fits on a single a4 sheet ( not kidding ) and half of their proposals are racist and unconstitutional , leads all reasonable people to conclude that the pvv is a joke . 
  but terror attacks in europe , a sudden influx of refugees in 2015 that we could n't handle , worries about our welfare state , dissatisfaction with the eu/euro and general anti-establishmentism are very much present in the netherlands . 
  which is why the pvv was polling so well . 
  some political parties have also shifted their retoric more towards the pvv to keep their voters , so he does n't even need to be in power to effectively influence policy . 
  tldr : we have our own alt-right , which was polling very well last year , but it has lost it 's momentum and anyway wo n't be part of the government . 
  upvote for herman van veen , imperialism and towel-enforced occupation of mediterraenean islands . 
  besides what the person above me said , it is also sarcastically used on the dutch right-wing internet as a synonym for pocs . 
  when someone films a moroccan or turkish kid saying something rude to a police agent and getting arrested and the movie is uploaded to the internet , someone will respond with `` those damn finnish again '' . 
  ( since the kid obviously was n't finnish . ), 
  so it 's a meme for racists , pretending to play along with the ( imaginary ) politically-correct rule that you ca n't say that immigrants are over-represented in crime statistics .
