you seem to have forgotten to include '' / s '' in your post . 
  you are correct . 
  aruba , curacao and st. martin are overseas territories considered `` associated with '' , not part of , the eu . 
  so they do n't need to adopt the euro and the european court does n't have authority there , but they can get certain subsidies from the european development fund and be part of the erasmus + programme . 
  this is the same status that e.g. 
  the falkland islands and french polynesia have . 
  there are plans to ` upgrade ' the islands that are not independent constituent countries of the kingdom ( bonaire , saba , st eustace ) to eu-soil . 
  then they would have the same status as the azores , french st. martin , french guyana and gibraltar and would at some point have to adopt the euro . 
  in the netherlands when you get 45 % of the votes you get 45 % of the seats . 
  ( maybe 46 % due to rounding . ), 
  seems the most democratic to me . 
   with more than twice as many votes cast for ` in ' compared to ` out ' . 
  in 1975 , 31 % of the population was for joining , 15 % against joining , 25 % did not vote , 29 % could not vote . 
  the block that voted ` in ' was the largest block , the block that voted ` out ' was the smallest block , with more than twice as many votes cast for ` in ' compared to ` out ' . 
  ( 67 % vs. 33 % ) so yes , it is true that 69 % of the population did not vote to join the eec , which is indeed as you say ` the vast majority ' . 
  but i do not think at all that the results between the referenda were ` very similar ' , because in 1975 there was a very , ** very ** clear preference for joining the eec , whereas in 2016 , the result was so close that it was practically a coin toss . 
  furthermore , in 2016 there was a very clear demographic divide based on age . 
  basically , the younger you are , the more likely the chance that you 'd have voted ` remain ' . 
  one of the reasons that i like to link to this pie chart is that it reminds people that there is a large portion of the population that had their votes cast for them , but ( i assume ) would largely have voted remain if they could have . 
  i 'm not talking about invalidating anything . 
  my ( implied ) point was that there is a difference between having a majority and having a plurality . 
  i always like to bring up [ this pie chart ] ( http://i0.wp.com/pondrd.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/brexitpie-2.png?fit=300%2c245 ) when people claim the majority of brits wanted to leave the eu . 
   but sadly too many bad experiences have made it more difficult for them . 
  i can sympathize with that . 
  i think that as an immigrant , the pressure is higher for you to perform well and exceed expectations . 
  i understand that if you have had bad experiences with employees of moroccan/turkish origin you are wary to try again , but it 's still an unfair system for the ones who do try their best to fit in . 
  i 'd also argue that it is a responsibility for the dutch business to try to be as unprejudiced as possible and give everyone a chance , even if the three previous employees with an immigrant background were a disappointment . 
   not just any organisations , but nationalistic ones ... run by foreign states . 
  it 's a complete clusterfuck . 
  i very much agree with you here . 
   bullshit , he said no such thing . 
  i 'm talking about this comment : `` do you want more or less moroccans in the netherlands ? 
  [ answer : ` less ! ' ], 
  alright then we will arrange that . '', 
  i 'd argue that this describes ethnic cleansing . 
  it would certainly be perceived as such if a serbian politician said this about bosnians or if a turkish politician said this about kurds . 
  he was convicted for inciting discrimination here as well . 
   they are , but that 's not the problem . . 
  the problem is them not adapting to our culture . 
  i 'll even accept the occasional terrorist attack if the rest of them behave normally . 
  i agree . 
   how so ? 
  it solves a lot of the problems as soon as you start deporting the criminal ones that is not what the original comment was about . 
  i responded to a redditor suggesting ` getting rid of ' immigrants if they are ` not part of society ' . 
  while i do n't have anything per se against taking awaya foreigner 's citizenship if he commits a serious crime , it does raise the problem that e.g. 
  moroccans can not give up their nationality because their government does n't allow it , and children of turkish parents automatically get turkish citizenship even if they never applied for it . 
  so if you 'd start this deport-all-the-criminals policy , you have a whole group of people who have a sword of damocles hanging above their heads and will be deported to a country were they might have never been before if they commit a crime . 
  this again reinforces the idea that immigrants are second-class citizens . 
  i do n't think that the benefit of 100 deported criminals per year is worth the increased ostracization of a million people . 
  i agree with you insofar as i think that as a parent , you should be able to positively influence the wealth of your child with your own . 
  if you work hard , your children should benefit from that ( if you want them to ) . 
  my point was that your wealth should not make a significant difference with regard to * the chances * your children have in life . 
  you want to buy your kids a new fridge or car or house ? 
  be my guest . 
  but i pass on a society were poor parents send their kids to crappy colleges or ca n't send their kids to college at all , while more affluent parents send their kids to world class universities . 
  ( i 'm not saying that this is what you said though . ), 
  anyway just my $ 0.02 . 
  have a nice day . 
  turkey * at the moment * has contained refugees in turkey . 
  however , erdogan has threatened before to stop doing so if the eu does n't keep up its end of the bargain . 
  [ link ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/25/world/europe/turkey-recep-tayyip-erdogan-migrants-european-union.html ) with the developments of the past months i do n't consider it unlikely that he will use the refugees as a bargaining chip in future negotiations as well . 
  i 'm not saying this scenario is * likely * , but you asked for a scenario in which the eu did not survive , and i gave one that i think is possible , though it would require a lot of dominos to fall . 
  if i may interject , you seem to have strong opinions on this matter but i genuinely think you do n't know what you 're talking about , so allow me to try to elucidate . 
  i only know about the situation in the netherlands , but i imagine the same holds for e.g. 
  germany and other european countries . 
  the issues with immigration in the netherlands originated in the 60 's , when our government made a deal with turkey and morocco to recruit laborers ( ` gastarbeiders ' - literally ` guest workers ' as in : non-permament ) to do low-skilled work in the netherlands , like working at the docks , slaughterhouses , the greenhouses , construction and such . 
  the government 's intention was that they would work here for a couple of years , and then return to their country of origin . 
  integration was never a goal . 
  in fact , many things that would encourage integration , like language courses and mixed sportclubs were discouraged . 
  one of the requirements was that the men who came here were married , so that would also encourage them to go back after a few years , and prevent them from mixing with the dutch population by picking up dutch girlfriends . 
  turkish and moroccan organisations were invited to make their life seem like home , so they build mosques , islamic schools , tea houses etc. 
  effectively creating somewhat of a parallel society . 
  ( or as they called it back then , ` multicultural ' society ) however , it turned out that the men who had worked here for decades liked it here and often did n't want to go back to some backwater village in kappadocia or the maghreb , so instead of going back , they stayed here and flew in their families . 
  so now you have a somewhat parallel society in the netherlands , whose members often follow a different religion and do n't always speak the language . 
  this is a complex issue , and the solution is not just ` to get rid of them ' as you stated in your comment . 
  should the government have foreseen that many of them would want to stay ? 
  maybe . 
  could they have implemented hard restrictions on the immigrants to return to their country of origin , or more actively encouraged integration into our society ? 
  maybe . 
  do the immigrants share responsibility for the fact that they did not completely assimilate into the native population ? 
  maybe . 
  should they even have done so , or is it okay for them to hold on to their own culture , language and religion ? 
  maybe . 
  i do n't have a clear-cut answer for these questions , but my point is that the issue is complex . 
  there are third generation immigrants in the netherlands whose parents were born here , who speak only dutch , are non-religious , go to dutch schools and sportsclubs , but still get called out for being ` moroccan ' . 
  immigrants are more often rejected for job interviews , more often stopped and asked for id by the police or are being told they should go back to their own country . 
  we have a racist mp who advocates ethnic cleansing of our population . 
  many dutch people see these immigrants as potential terrorists because of their ethnicity and their religion . 
  like i said , the issue of integration of minorities is complex . 
  i do think that there was a lot of immigration in the last few decades and that the integration should have been handled better , and maybe we could make requirements for citizenship stricter . 
  i do know however , that deportation is definitely * not * the answer . 
   maybe i did miss the point . 
  but i also dislike this idea that people earning different amounts of money , is something we need to `` fix '' if you 're interested in having a discussion , what is your opinion on the fact that women earn ( on average ) just 80-85 % the salary of men with the same job ? 
  consider that situation from the other perspective : a world where the children of the poor are disadvantaged and have fewer oppurtunities because they did n't win the birth lottery and their parents are poor ( or have a different skin color ) . 
  that 's right , welcome to the usa . 
  i am a liberal , in the classical sense , and think that how far you make it in life should be based on your talent and your desire to work for it , not on who you parents were . 
  ( in the sense of their material wealth , but also their ethnicity/race and their country of origin . ), 
  that means that everyone should have acces to the same level of education , should be able to get the same jobs if they have the skills for it , have acces to the same quality healthcare , same judicial support and so on . 
  i think that wealth should be ` earned ' , and simply inheriting a bag of cash , a villa , a stock portfolio and an easy job in daddy 's company so you 'll never have to work hard does not feel like you earned it . 
  ironically , the biggest ` liberal ' party in the netherlands ( the vvd ) is diametrically opposed to this , as they lowered the inheritance tax , increased of the costs of tertiary education , increased the costs of social housing , their opposal to immigration , making acces to court more expensive ( griffierechten ) etc.
