why do they not get paid a fair price for their labour then ? 
  * i would subscribe to a bilingual subreddit . 
  stout is n't very german . 
  we rather value blond beers . 
  the atomausstieg is way older than fukushima and stuxnet . 
  it started around 2000 . 
  the infograph shows exports , not gdp . 
  not sure how it is nowadays , but a few years ago it would have been cheaper for me to bike over to the netherlands to send sms because the roaming charges were lower than the domestic sms prices . 
  no , holy shot . 
  according to that site , [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-j7j_iwuhls ) video is blocked in 172 countries , but not in germany . 
  the name of the song is kinda fitting for that trivia . 
   would you consider it censorship if a book was withdrawn from circulation for ip reasons ? 
  even if the book was politically controversial ? 
  exactly this happened with hitler 's mein kampf in germany . 
  the state of bavaria holds the rights until they expire in two years and refuses to let anyone print copies . 
  actually , that is possible . 
  not on a national level , but on a company level . 
  renewable energy is cheap when bought on the energy market , and on the other hand profitable ( by subsidies ) when producing them yourself . 
  the actual cost is paid by all consumers equally , so if berlin has a higher than average renewable quota , they are subsidized by the rest of germany . 
  the post-liberalization market is rather complex . 
  as a consumer , you will either see two or only one company , which are the energy service provider ( esp ) and possibly ( if you own real estate yourself ) the distribution company . 
  the distribution company ( or distribution system operator dso ) is the one operating the low voltage grid to which you as a consumer are connected . 
  the esp is the one from which you actually get your energy , and here you are free to choose whatever you want , you are n't even limited to national border . 
  often there is a local provider operating under the same name as the dso , like for example where i live the stawag and stawag netz . 
  this is a result of the still ongoing process of unbundling of grid operators , energy producers and energy providers . 
  dso and esp are legally required to be different legal entities , so this is why there will be two companies founded . 
  the dso will operate the grid , while the esp will take on the contracts to the consumer and operate the power plants . 
  i do n't know about other countries , but in germany drug consumption is legal . 
  only production , buying , selling or trading and possession are illegal and pretty much any other interaction of drugs is illegal . 
  but this also means the state has to prove * you * were in possession of the drugs before consumption , and not for example your friend . 
  that has some `` dark knight `` ish vibes . 
  you can still get in with 3 direct votes . 
  you get two votes . 
  the first vote lets you vote for one candidate directly . 
  there are 299 voting districts , so 299 people can be voted in . 
  the second vote determines the total relative amount of seats in the parliament ( which should be 598 , but are often a bit more ) . 
  so if a party gets 20 % of the secondary votes , then it would get 20 % of the 598 , which includes those of the first vote . 
  since the voting system favors the two big parties on the first vote , these are often voted in disproportionally often compared to what they would get on the second vote . 
  this can mean a party can get more candidates directly voted in than the party would get in seats using the second vote . 
  that way you end up with more than the intended 598 seats . 
  one half of the seats are given by the party using lists , the other half are by direct votes from the voting areas . 
  ooooh , that 's why i felt so safe as of recently . 
  virtual terrorism coming from the cloud . 
  raw onions , the best kind of onion . 
  we had some bad experience with lack of privacy in the past . 
  it does n't matter if you have a pension or you save money , in the end , somebody has to produce the services and goods you consume . 
  with less young people , there are less people to do that . 
  you can save billions of dollars for your retirement , it will mean nothing if other people do the same and it will grow worthless because supply of goods will sink and demand will grow . 
  you just ca n't transport the wealth of an entire generation through time using money . 
  the only thing you are doing is taking your share of the future economy , which leaves the future generation disadvantaged . 
  divide et impera . 
  you forgot the gay foreign minister . 
  [ from what i 've seen about 90 % . 
  i live in the most populous german state and on our own we would have more citizens than the netherlands . 
  i guess you submitted the map after the ama . 
  i found about about this from [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/redactedcharts/comments/zwnww/map_what_makes_belarus_unique/ ) , just in case you are interested . 
  you can see the hidden emote text in alien blue , it renders it as grey text . 
  also , when you reply , it shows the source for the comment for about a second . 
  if you are fast you can spot the code for the emotes . 
  otherwise you can copy the comment and then look at the source . 
  [ ] ( / sp ) [ ] ( / bonbon `` there is also betterponymotes : http://rainbow.mlas1.us/ , which additionally shows the hidden text without hovering your mouse over it and gives more emotes . '' ), 
  opera had announced that it will shift to webkit not to long ago . 
  blank post blank post something is going on here . 
  are you using opera ? 
  yeah , without an extra heating you wo n't get through the winter . 
  it works pretty well from march-april to september-october though . 
  and they have floor heating everywhere , including the cellar . 
  the cellar floor is about half a meter of concrete and can store a lot of heat for a long time . 
  so any excessive heat in the summer is pumped in there . 
  my parents built a solar heating system on their roof 10 years ago . 
  it was financially viable without subsidies even though they live in the blue-green area . 
  yes , but i think it is n't what unclesneakyfingers meant . 
  this is / r/europe and not everybody is a native english speaker . 
   `` luxuries like housing '' are you fucking serious ? 
  housing , education , healthcare , water and food are basic human rights that every human being is entitled to . 
  housing yes , ownership of a house no . 
  yes , but gender is n't the only variable playing into how you drive . 
  i would like to see if reckless driving is wide spred among male drivers or if it are rather few people who drive the mean up . 
  that is the chance depending on gender , not the personal chance , which depends on many more variables . 
  switzerland seems to have opened its borders ... 
  [ this . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hrhf98aksto ), 
  in germany we have pancake soup . 
  ( i only know the austrian name , frittatensuppe ) where is your god now ? 
  if i mouse-over your subreddit flair , it says `` oink '' ? 
  you can ruin your spoons with ugly scratches if you twirl your spaghetti in them . 
  as long as your gun stays outside of my country it is fine . 
  do n't you have the carabinieri for that exact reason , to split the power from one force ( the police ) to two ? 
  i 'm pretty sure here in germany we have a law for that , too . 
  helicopter ben on tour , now coming to europe . 
  was probably ripped from a tatort episode . 
  parking in reverse to the direction of the lane may already be illegal . 
  just drive to the next roundabout and turn around . 
  send devin townsend please . 
  thank you . 
  it was made of 8 parts and not all of them exist today . 
  today there are 4 segments of about 500m with a few dozen meters between the segments . 
  it is n't all connected . 
  the karl-marx-hof in vienna is the longest appartment building . 
  it is 1.1 km long and in one part .
