  on the other hand , i hope you have good soundproofing because that could definitely make for a strange friday night if the parents ever drop in for a visit . 
  out of curiosity , are they good neighbors ? 
  and what is the ballpark estimate of a regular person 's weekly wage ? 
  i 'm too old to rent company by the hour but i am interested in how much the average person earns . 
  it gives me a ballpark on what it costs to live . 
  as i said , i prefer an austere lifestyle . 
  i am a minimalist , bordering on ascetic at times . 
  despite my relative wealth , i spend very little , am not greedy and typically do not ever desire very expensive things . 
  well , i watched a documentary on human trafficking and sex workers that did n't portray romania very well but i have met some very nice romania people that seemed to counter indicate that it was at all a common problem . 
  i 'm not really worried about the violent crime aspect as much as i was disheartened to hear about young women being victimized . 
  that is a problem that is common to most depressed economic areas so probably by no means a romanian problem as much as a world community problem . 
  i have thought about romania many times but i have heard unsettling stories about the organized crime element that give me some pause . 
  my idea of fun is definitely not praying or listening to religious anything . 
  were you being sarcastic about poland being very pious or sarcastic about how much i 'd love it ? 
  ca n't tell since i know next to nothing . 
  a polish girl invited me to a. . . very risque event sans clothing once but that was a long time ago . 
  that 's my only experience with polish anything really . 
  well it sounds great to me but why would you be better off somewhere else if you were young ? 
  is the local economy not so good ? 
  which , to me , is no big deal . 
  immigration for retirement is usually contingent upon doing business operations or purchasing real estate . 
  many small countries with struggling economies as well as large countries with powerful economies allow immigration based on economic contribution . 
  i openly plan on spending a great deal of my retirement money on the poor . 
  i have no children and soon no surviving family connections . 
  there will be no reason to stay here and there 's very little reason to hold onto all that money if it would be better served in the hands of people who need it . 
  i am a firm believer in the redemptive power of charity . 
  nothing feeds the soul like feeding the poor . 
  that sounds really nice . 
  plus , greek food is just amazing . 
  why do you say that ? 
  i most definitely like that . 
  that sounds like paradise to me . 
  beaches , girls in bikinis , a nice place to sit down to enjoy a drink and long days watching the surf . 
  and maybe a little reefer . 
  nice idea . 
  how are things as far as government stability and peace ? 
  are the ghosts of the bosnian incident still haunting the nation ? 
  edit : please excuse my ignorance and i mean no disrespect . 
  is spain really that bad ? 
  like violent crime and the like ? 
  that is deeply unfortunate . 
  what 's the deal with the criminal element ? 
  sweden from sweden . 
  we met in college in the states . 
  it started with a substance abuse problem so its kind of not totally her fault if you look at in that way . 
  i may have been a little unfair to her in my description . 
  edit : i 'm still a little bitter and its been a very long time . 
  there are some things for which you never quite forget how they felt when they stung you . 
  was married to a swedish girl . 
  she got hooked on drugs , did porn and wound up selling sex for a $ 1000 usd a pop . 
  which she would call me about , late at night just to remind me that i 'm a loser . 
  this is not , btw , any reflection of actual swedish women who are generally pretty fucking awesome . 
  i think she lives in a trailer behind her mother 's house now and has an arrest record longer than my ... arm . 
  the next girl came from asia and she 's wonderful . 
  mean , stubborn as a 3000 lb bull , vain , casually cruel and probably the most gifted intellect i ever knew . 
  it 's been a pleasure to know her . 
  holy crap . 
  that 's real dedication to profanity . 
  come on , how else are we going to tailor the experience of our american tradition of the on-running performance art piece we all do to annoy british sensibilities ? 
  like the time ronald reagan publicly bailed on margaret thatcher during the falkland incident . 
  remember that ? 
  i bet he would n't have done that to winston churchill , eh ? 
  haaaaaaa , i 'm just messing with you , man . 
  see , now i 'm just a little more convinced that the bond films are secretly a documentary . 
  spies and counter-spies around every corner and every aston martin has a machine gun built into it . 
  think about it , people would n't spend that much money on a car unless it came with a rocket launcher . 
  out of curiosity , what makes croatia the best place to visit ? 
  my experience with germans was the exact opposite . 
  i was a little confused by accusations that germans do n't have a sense of humor because the senses of humor of my two german roommates after college were completely out of control . 
  they never stopped fucking around . 
  they were these two just ridiculously large men ; one just tall and fat and the other tall and heavily muscled up . 
  both very mean looking but harmless . 
  one of their favorite gags that they 'd pull would be to loudly discuss in graphic detail their ` entirely made up on the spot ' preference in bdsm fetishes whenever they had to stand in line somewhere . 
  anywhere ; convenience store , grocery store , dmv . 
  the prank was n't just on the people around them , it was also on whatever poor hapless soul decided to tag along with them . 
  they purposefully purchased men 's silky underwear that they would hand to people who sneezed around them as though they were handkerchiefs . 
  they were not gay but they found anyone squeamish about gay or sexually explicit anything to be perfect targets for amusement . 
  yes , i 'm afraid that 's my point as well , only in the literal sense and not just limited to us . 
  yeah , i know . 
  i just wanted to know if your opinion has changed . 
  as an american who feels like he 's living in the prologue to a bad global apocalypse story , i 'm just intensely curious about how europe is taking all of this insanity . 
  because i 'm not taking it well . 
   asked about the possibility of using nuclear weapons in europe , trump said he 's `` not going to take it off the table . '' [ how do you feel about it now ? 
  ] ( http://www.cnbc.com/2016/08/03/trump-asks-why-us-cant-use-nukes-msnbcs-joe-scarborough-reports.html ), 
   he seems to have some weird cult of personality surrounding him ( just check reddit ) without actually having the personality to warrant it . 
  late to the party but the problem is that he does have the personality to warrant it . 
  the idiot vote . 
  i 'm an american but at least 35 % of americans have * chosen * to be completely uninformed morons . 
  there is a cult of anti-intellectualism that is running rampant in the united states and it was bred and nurtured for almost purely partisan advantage by the republican party . 
  how is it an advantage to have intentionally dumbed down your own voter base ? 
  they do whatever you tell them when you throw out the red meat . 
  i am relatively well to do and plan on retiring more or less as soon as possible ( which may or may not be years away ) . 
  ideally the place would have low real estate prices compared to the states , lower cost of living , great food and pleasant , liberal , tolerant , non-violent people . 
  i will be retiring on a budget of 1.5 to 3 million dollars ... but i do n't like extravagance at all . 
  i prefer a life of austerity and will probably spend a great deal of that money on charitable contributions where i am able to do the most good . 
  edit : i like mountains for a holiday but i prefer someplace with access to the ocean , beaches and warmer weather . 
  pretty girls would n't hurt either . 
  hey , at least i can look on respectfully and remember the glory days . 
  edit 2 : ok !, 
  i 'm setting my sights on malta , portugal , greece , bucharest , tenerife , and the croatian isles .
