narnia does n't exist !, 
  stop trying to make me believe in talking animals and santa claus !, 
  and still not as weird as german porn . 
  here 's what i found so shocking about that picture with his cat : damn bro , i 'm straight but i could get lost in those eyes forever . 
  almost every time you try to order anything with ice cream in it before close or on the night shift . 
  it 's not broken . 
  they just do n't want to have to clean it again . 
   ww1 is a very bad example since it was done on the principles on the fact that war was seen as good for morale and good for the economy ; see quotes where many said that it would be ` over by christmas ' . 
  i forget the name of the author and his book , but many people in england believed prior the war that germany would n't risk it because of what everyone had to lose economically . 
  as for russia backing off ... dude , they have thoroughly infested ukraine and have been gaming the american election for about a year and half now . 
  he had to know those kinds of forays into our election process would not be easily forgotten . 
  i 'm not sure he knows just how pissed many people are but this gambit has earned him a whole new level of contempt and distrust in the state department and dod . 
  not to mention with intelligence and strategic advisors . 
  this kind of thing to a lot of people here is just walking right up to declaring war . 
  its safe to say that putin is n't backing off of anything yet but i wonder just how much his ego can take before he starts eyeing the nuclear option himself ? 
  i have a feeling he does n't have a limit to what he is capable of in service to his own ego . 
   wars like that will never happen again because they just are n't economical , cause domestic unrest ( vietnam showed the us that and the uk with iran ) and lead to ultimate mutually assured destruction . 
  they said the same things about wwi and wwii . 
  the truth of the matter is that humanity tears at each other 's throats as soon as they forget the painful lessons from the last wars . 
  we 're already forgetting . 
  putin seems to have not learned anything from it other than the territory and resources taken after the war . 
  he is playing a very dangerous game of chicken . 
  the port access through crimea is important to trade and defense but the costs of the annexation is extremely high . 
  there 's going to be a whole new generation of cia eyeing moscow with suspicious and paranoid eyes after this last few years . 
  there are opportunity costs to every decision and there are far more valuable resources than those that can be added up on a spreadsheet . 
  these kinds of psy-op campaigns that he 's been ramping up in the west will come with a great deal of blowback ; i 'm not sure he understands entirely the kind of allergic reaction he has instigated . 
  my advice is pick a nice town then . 
  i highly recommend portland . 
  it 's beautiful , the people are super friendly , there 's little crime ( other than drugs ) and there 's a million things to do for fun . 
  also , there 's the legal ganja . 
  austin is a lot like portland sans the ganja , better autumn , shitty windy winters , beautiful spring , very warm summers and everything is spread out over a huge area so you 'll defintely need a car . 
  new orleans is super fun but it 's also super fucking dangerous . 
  nyc is amazing but its also super fucking expensive . 
  seattle is nice if you can stand the weather , no sunshine , the hostile cops and the crime . 
  forget dallas/ft . 
  worth completely . 
  traffic sucks and there 's few good jobs . 
  i 'd avoid any of the top 10 crime cities . 
  miami 's weather is wonderful , great music scene , great food , great recreation , beautiful women , beaches but my brother was carjacked twice in two years as a social worker and stabbed both times . 
  orange county is nice if you can stand the fact that nobody there respects anyone from anywhere else . 
  la is super weird , heavy drug scene , fantastic music , awesome ladies , not at all boring unless you really want it to be ; occasionally lethal . 
  the south blows monkey balls in 95 % of places . 
  there 's some good towns i guess . 
  birmingham , atlanta . 
  bossier and shreveport have been improving . 
  las vegas can be incredibly fun , also super fucking weird bordering on fantasy land dramatic , incredible things to see if you like comedy , music , entertainment , good real estate prices but the economy is turbulent . 
  jobs come and go , whole neighborhoods occasionally vacate every decade or so . 
  if you have a degree in business and or recreation i highly recommend las vegas because the casino 's actually like to hire european immigrants to add exotic flavor . 
  good luck young man . 
  it 's a crap shoot but at least it will be an adventure . 
  avoid the dive little towns across the south and midwest . 
  they will trap you there and it will be nearly impossible to escape . 
  ... you know most of america is n't any better right ? 
  have you ever seen accurate pictures of the rural american south or midwest ? 
  sure , there 's some nice neighborhoods i guess , if you can afford them and most businesses do n't pay anything approaching a decent wage while real estate prices are going through the stratosphere . 
  my home cost me $ 338,000 seven years ago . 
  it has appreciated a whole $ 4,000 after the crash in ' 08 , while rent prices locally have nearly doubled in that time here . 
  i pay 5 % interest . 
  my mortgage note is nearly $ 2,000.00 a month and if i was n't a good little investor and had a knack for picking smart friends unlike most americans i would n't be able to retire until i was 80 . 
  most people ca n't afford to go to college . 
  most people ca n't even afford to get sick here . 
  i broke my hand 2 years ago and instead of going to the doctor i made a splint myself because the x-ray alone costs 2000 usd and just walking through the door at the emergency room costs $ 500 . 
  my father in law got intestinal torsion one day , it cost him $ 95,000.00 half his retirement nest egg not including his pension . 
  the house i was born into had no running water , no power and no heat . 
  my first chore was cleaning out rat traps . 
  my earliest memories include picking cotton and throwing rat carcasses into a fire . 
  at the age of 2 . 
  to quote the song , `` you know where it ends . 
  yo , it usually depends . 
  on where you start . '', 
  those opportunities you mentioned are surrounded by tar pit traps and gate keepers that do not want you to pass through them if you are trying to escape the social strata you came from . 
  most people do n't do what i did . 
  the overwhelming majority of americans who were born poor never go to school and never make enough money to leave their economic group . 
  the kids i grew up with by majority still live in the ghettos with the crack fiends and junkies . 
  edit : here 's a google maps link to the farm house i was born in . 
  [ not much left of it now . 
  ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@31.4834229,-93.5735734,3a,21.3y,134.77h,88.06t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1s3dc-2feu_f4xzjvc3o7tjg!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ), 
  honestly , i am a vegetarian but i do have a blindspot for sushi . 
  other fish is ok but i prefer to eat vegetables 99 % of the time . 
  i am not a typical american in many ways . 
  aging american antifa , i 've been hitting the weights since the 80s and despite my naturally youthful face , i am starting to show and feel my age . 
  growing up a radical liberal anti-racist in the deep american south so many years ago made me rather bitter at the plain folks of my origin . 
  i would n't project that onto the good people of europe though . 
  i know there are problem segments but i am sick of the vile attitudes of some of my countrymen . 
  donald trump making it this far into an election with so few people in the republican party crying foul was the last straw . 
  i 'm leaving . 
  they 'd rather screw over the country and the world itself than admit a large portion of their party had become toxic , and i 'm just sick of it . 
  otherwise , i prefer the educated and cultured despite my own meager and impoverished redneck heritage . 
  i 've seen malta mentioned several times . 
  can you tell me more about the place ? 
  the tourism documents are nice but parts could be misleading ; from your perspective , what stands out the most to you ? 
   tech ? 
  originally . 
  many years ago i tried to collaborate on an investment software suite with a monthly subscriber fee that would allow regular folks bigger insights into the same economic projection and actuary services that big private investment companies use . 
  it never got traction and the design leads all went on to make a fortune doing other things . 
  these days i 'm in the legal marijuana trade in washington state . 
  holy shit . 
  your downstairs neighbors are * working women * ? 
  on the record , i am all for the liberation of women and giving them control over their own bodies and how they choose to use them or earn money . 
  we should not be so quick to condemn the poor for trying to survive this hostile world .
