  so why do you feel that this information is so salient , and a poster below you ( / u/sausageparty2015 / ) finds it worthy of an `` end thread '' remark ? 
   name anything at all he had a hand in accomplishing . 
  raising the aow retirement age to 67 !, 
  edit : some more . 
  animal cops !, 
  needing a ` wietpas ' to enter a coffeeshop !, 
  austerity !, 
  cuts to cultural heritage !, 
  he very much chose this lifestyle , though . 
  and him being a professional victim has very little to do with police protection due to death threats , which is something that many dutch politicians face . 
  had fortuyn not been assassinated , then dutch politics would not be so screwed up as it is now . 
  ( he was killed by an extreme lefty ) . 
  some islam-criticism is necessary : but that is not what wilders is doing . 
  wilders incites division and discrimination , does n't offer any solutions , and traffics in base instincts , all in service of his own ego and his lust for attention and power . 
  all while pretending that he is so incredibly pitiful , that he 's so incredibly persecuted - he 's a professional victim . 
  nope , van gogh was an artist working in the same tradition as charlie hebdo , essentially , and was murdered by a crazy terrorist . 
  wilders is far more dangerous . 
  it last be added , that he did n't ` ask the crowd ' , but instead coached the crowd beforehand , directing the entire incident , to provoke outrage . 
  the guy is a professional victim . 
  that 's the price he pays for poisoning dutch society . 
  that 's probably a case of selective blindness on your party , though . 
  both communism and fascism are and were illiberal . 
  you have a chip on your shoulder , somewhere . 
  and your boogeyman ( which seems to be a nationalist-left boogeyman , rather than right-wing delirium , although i have little to go on but a few lines to base that on ) has little to do with reality . 
  additionally , your contention that the communist states in eastern europe were * sovereign democracies * is laughable , downright laughable . 
  yes , soros gives money to universities . 
  he provides scholarships and funds civil society organisations . 
  he provided support to the solidarity movement , to andrei sakharov , and to anti-soviet czech dissidents . 
  he 's funded human rights watch , all kinds of progressive infrastructure on the left and far-left side of the american political spectrum . 
  he 's devoted considerable resources opposing the overreactions of the iraq war and the global ` war on terror ' , which even now is eroding civil liberties in the us and europe . 
  he supported marijuna legalisation , and has funded post-keynesian economic research . 
  whereas before , the threat to an open , tolerant and progressive society came from communism and fascism , now that threat ( according to soros ) comes from a kind of * market fundamentalism * . 
  so : what is the problem , exactly ? 
  apparently not with the content of his philanthropy - that is transparent , based as it is on karl popper . 
  it 's what you say : * international meddling in sovereign governments and societies * , or * directly or indirectly ( insert vague wikileaks citation ) meddles with sovereign democracies * . 
  that , my friend , is bullshit . 
  first of all , many of the states he 's meddling in are a far cry from ` sovereign democracies ' . 
  second of all , the meddling itself is in the way of providing * support * . 
  support for ** local ** initiatives , dissidents , or political activism . 
  like a group of anti-drug war activists . 
  sovereignty is an irrelevant argument if your own people are advocating for change , unless sovereignty means : `` i stand with the establishment - no dissent allowed ! '' . 
  thirdly , there is nothing wrong with supporting compatriots across international lines . 
  is n't that what diem25 is doing ? 
  or the pirate parties international , or the global greens ? 
  ideas do not - should not - be subject to customs and border control . 
  ah yes , funding universities so they can have copy machines to print what were then banned books is very nefarious . 
  so is providing scholarships !, 
  how terrible . 
  but yes , he 's also drawn ire from protectionists and anti-capitalist types . 
  he 's a guy who made it big , real big on the financial markets . 
  he studied with karl popper , who wrote * the open society and its enemies * , which is a philosophical polemic critiquing plato , hegel and marx and defending the idea of an ` open society ' vs the closed , totalitarian society of nazi germany and communist russia - inspired by this , he set up the open society foundation , and works to foster democratisation in eastern europe and america through providing scholarships and engaging in activism . 
  right-wingers hate him because he 's ( 1 ) liberal , and ( 2 ) the archetype of the jewish banker and puppet master , in the sense of ` jewish bolshevism ' or ` cultural marxism ' . 
  hence he 's fodder for a lot of agitprop/conspiracy theories . 
  i mean , it 's a normal bullet , but it also bypasses dr / silver, 
  but those counter-narratives are equally necessary for combating white supremacy as well . 
  twitter is a cesspool , for example , and journalists are intimidated all the time for doing their jobs . 
  go to any politician 's facebook page , and you 'll find in the comments all kinds of incorrect and hateful comments , the effect of which is to stifle public debate , not further it . 
  not to mention the pure agitprop that circulates in ` social media ' anyway . 
  besides , is n't the ` government ' part of the political arena ? 
  i do n't see a compelling reason for the government , with european cooperation , to handicap itself when there is a public problem in the form of growing extremism , on the right and among muslims . 
  in your example , this is done through voluntary cooperation with internet companies , and that 's fine . 
  well , are n't counter-narratives necessary ? 
  how would you go about persuading a radicalising belgian in molenbeek who discovered a ` history ' series on youtube about how the holocaust was fake , and that the middle east countries have been under neo-colonialism by zionists , and that there is a crusade against islam , but that there is a glorious resistance he can join ? 
  are n't counter-narratives the kind of thing you 'd want intelligence services to put out there ? 
  and please do respond , i 'm curious as to why you think that europe should unilaterally disarm itself in these cases . 
  oh dear , bojo is ` furious ' about his views being ` misrepresented ' . 
  how sad . 
  that chip on your shoulder is preventing you from reading the article :  prime minister mark rutte , who has just returned from a trip to indonesia , said the inquiry will look into hostilities on both sides between 1946 and 1949 . 
  how pathetic . 
  how eloquent . 
  it does n't , actually . 
  hence why a dutch hate-politician is on trial . 
  according to the article , it was 655 , and will be increased stepwise every year until 950 in 2020 . 
  pp and foro asturias voted against , ciudadanos abstained , and the left wing and nationalist/regional parties voted in favour . 
  is the national/local culture so weak and wimpy , that it ca n't handle diversity and cosmopolitanism ? 
  it 's not culture you 're concerned about , it 's preserving some kind of provincialism . 
  if they register as asylum seekers and this is recognised , then they are n't illegal immigrants . 
  why is ` mainstream media ' cnn ? 
  does no one read newspapers anymore ? 
  my thought was always that that worked for a parliamentary system , where each mp has a specific constituency . 
  in the netherlands , we have national party lists , and rigorous party discipline . 
  hence they 're answerable to their party 's members , but i 'm not so sure they are responsive to citizens directly . 
  how about a second round with sarkozy vs le pen ? 
  how much rallying could be done around sarko ? 
  does that work , calling your representative ? 
  and would that be any national mep , or a specific one ? 
  and when are the ump primaries ? 
   `` not even henry kissinger could help us , '' steinmeier told the foreign affairs committee . 
  kissinger met with trump in may . 
  `` trump appears to view foreign policy largely from a domestic perspective , '' one source in the chancellery says . 
   as such , berlin is aware that hopes trump will quickly forget his campaign pledges once he moves into the white house could ultimately prove illusory . 
  so more wars for domestic consumption ? 
  not really , the independent is very sensationalist . 
  he 'll still never get out of there . 
  no need to add some torture as well . 
  throwing a simplistic quote out at the internet does little to bolster your case . 
  nah , he 's talking out of his ass . 
  the uk have been very pro-eu integration for a very long time ... only to go on and bash the same organisation in westminster . 
  but the 2004 accession , the single market , etc , were driven by britain . 
  for some kind of proposals , yes .
