where 's the insult there ? 
  yes , of course , but so are conventional forces . 
  which has nothing to do with the fact that nukes are a bit useless against the ` little green men ' of ukraine . 
  and hence the importance of nato and not , as / u/23powerz indicated , nukes . 
  yes , i do . 
  ` what happened ' referred to my comment above about ukraine , and admittedly is rather nonsensical out of context . 
  you do n't actually have any arguments , do you ? 
  salami tactics , my friend , salami tactics . 
  to prevent what happened in the baltics or elsewhere , a regular army is needed ( and nato ) . 
  trump is a narcissistic old pervert who 's managed to con large groups of people , abandoned by the left , into thinking that he can solve everything . 
  he ca n't , because a lot of problems are complicated and he has the attention span of a turd . 
  he makes up his own reality , and is immune to facts . 
  of course his elevation to president represents a risk to relationships . 
  all the naive people in this thread triggered by this fact , will be deceived in the end . 
  you ca n't nuke ` little green men ' engaged in a semi-covert operation leading to a hybrid war ( the russian mo in ukraine ) . 
  that 's a fundamental misunderstanding of what free means . 
  it refers not to markets , but to autonomy . 
  he said he does n't care . 
  once he gets into the office he will be faced with reality and tbfh both he and clinton if she had been elected would 've had to follow the same road there . 
  i 'm now completely sure that that 's not true , [ considering the kind of people ( oil lobbyists , climate ` skeptics ' ) that trump will put into office ] ( https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/trump-picks-top-climate-skeptic-to-lead-epa-transition/ ) . 
  we 'll see about the rest of it , but trump has given no indication whatsoever that he is anything but another berlusconi , or worse . 
  yeah , i 'm a liberal myself , but it 's pretty clear that the left is n't effective . 
  however , it must be added that before the 90s and the third way with blair , etc. . . 
  the left was also * completely ineffective * . 
  i 'm not as optimistic as you , i 'm afraid . 
  le pen worries me more than wilders tbh . 
  here in the netherlands we have a multi-party system , and the last time he was in government he screwed over his coalition partners . 
  france , on the other hand , has an unpopular president who 's arrogant enough to try to go for reelection , and it 's a presidential system where the president has a lot more power . 
  well , never underestimate the stupidity of the american voters . 
  bush was bad , but we 'll miss him now . 
  some thoughts , off the top of my head : ( 1 ) america wo n't be a leader anymore , so europe will have to do it ourselves . 
  ( 2 ) climate change . 
  that 's the big one , and trump does n't care . 
  hard to see what can be done about that , but it 's necessary . 
  ( 3 ) russia , and eastern europe . 
  ( 4 ) domestic policy in the us will be terrible , but ultimately not a problem for us . 
  the evangelicals are firmly in charge there . 
  let 's hope the senate flips . 
  ( 5 ) this can happen in europe as well : marine le pen , others ? 
  there has to be an alternative way to appeal to people who are now voting for right-wing populism . 
  you 're incorrect , actually , and you might want to dust off those old textbooks of yours . 
  while , of course empiricism is incredibly important , and so is reproducibility , and good ol' karl popper was onto something with his idea of * falsifiability * ( even if in practice falsification rarely happens , see t. kuhn , * structure of scientific revolutions * , or others ) - that does not lead * exclusively * to the notion of a `` verifiable experimental setting '' , as you will see below . 
  you are also incorrect when you state that ` non-experimental research ' was ` invented by psychologists ' in order to practice a form of pseudoscience , or that psychology is the only field where this ` quackery ' is accepted . 
  it is unclear to me why exactly psychologists are singled out for your scorn , but non-experimental research has a far richer pedigree than only psychology . 
  what about ecology , economics , climate science , epidemiology , history , political science , biology , sociology , some branches of physic , and then any number of interdisciplinary fields that have sprung up around specific themes ? 
  these are all fields , qualitative and quantitative , that do not rely on a laboratory-like setting , but instead on -- shock -- interpretation and observation . 
  after all , the crowning jewel of biology and much of western science of the past few centuries , the theory of evolution , did not come about because of a verifiable experimental setting . 
  and , i ask you : ** which hard scientist would accept the theory of evolution ? 
  ** oh , that 's right , all of them . 
  rejecting all forms of non-laboratory research , as you seem to do out of some sense of fealty to being ` hard ' : that leaves many , many questions unanswerable because they are not amenable to laboratory-like investigation . 
  it relegates vast swathes of human knowledge to dustbin . 
  crucially , it also renders much of what happens in laboratories unintelligible . 
  because interpretation -- that word again !, 
  -- does not only happen in ` non-experimental research ' , but it also seeps into the laboratory . 
  a research scientist may have data , but is it good data , or bad ? 
  do i use it , or not ? 
  do i throw away the protein sample , or not ? 
  those are decisions , based on ** interpretations , observations and interaction ** , which are very much crucial to the success of ` hard-scientific ' research . 
  then there is also interpretation of the * outcome * of these verifiable experimental settings . 
  what can a neuroscientist tell us about human behaviour , if he can not interpret his findings , engage with philosophical arguments about rationality , or relate his findings to what you call ` quackery ' ? 
  oh , right , not very much at all . 
  the horizons of knowledge are wider than you say they are . 
  ah , i see someone never bothered with something called `` philosophy of science '' . 
  i 'm not advocating ` strangling life into a cat ' . 
  i 'm just noting that brexiteers are far too optimistic , that free trade does not come free from responsibilities , and noting that guy verhofstadt , arch-liberal and euro-federalist , has significant clout in the brexit negotiations . 
  which are things that brexiteers do not want to hear ( at least those that have n't left the sinking ship yet ) . 
  additionally , [ the brexit vote has done wonders for anti-eu sentiment on the continent . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jul/08/brexit-causes-resurgence-in-pro-eu-leanings-across-continent ), 
  the deal will also have to suit the european institutions . 
  read up on guy verhofstadt , his views on brexit , and know that he is the european parliament 's chief negotiator . 
  the same parliament that has a veto over any deal that is made , and is * firmly * against any erosion of the four freedoms . 
  you 're seeing spooks , i 'm afraid . 
  how 's your reading comprehension ? 
  your post has managed to be both tangential and completely irrelevant . 
  * courageous * is a term used by the civil servants in the show to nudge the minister to a certain course of action . 
  they present options , and use code words to denote desirable and undesirable policies . 
  cheap , efficient , simple = desirable . 
  controversial = this will lose you votes . 
  courageous = this will lose you the election . 
  hence , impopular does not * mean * courageous , but the latter is used as a code word for the former . 
  besides , your little syllogism is incorrect and rather bizarre . 
  stupid policies can be very popular . 
  well-thought out policies can be quite impopular , or even fiercely opposed by special interests . 
  and sometimes one ca n't really talk about a policy per se , but more of a reaction to unfolding events , which might not have any palatable or popular options . 
  the national review is where the american conservative ` intellectuals ' publish their articles . 
  i actually read it for some time , in the hope that it would be a source of intelligent conservative thought ; i was sorely disappointed . 
  even the gop does n't take it too seriously though - their issue devoted to `` taking down trump '' in the primaries had absolutely zero effect , and now , well , they seem to have forgotten all of that anyhow and jumped on the trump train . 
  i 'm baffled as to why you think that 's in any way a bad precedent to set , given that that 's basically the part of the geneva conventions . 
  why is it in any way controversial , to say that people have a right to flee war-torn areas , and that the international community has a responsibility in this ? 
  god forbid , if a war breaks out again in europe , i know that i would be on a flight to argentina . 
  the current crisis is a moral challenge . 
  the next syria will be as well . 
  and the way it has been handled so far is embarrassing , and unworthy of this beautiful continent . 
  but merkel is one of the few that realises this . 
  national review ? 
  really ? 
  i 've been critical about merkel - the following of polls , her mishandling of the euro crisis , etc. . . 
  but at the moment she is one of the only leaders of europe showing a bit of moral backbone , recognising the refugee crisis as a moral challenge that must be reckoned with , instead of looking the other way . 
  and what 's more , this moral position is impopular - in the words of the civil service of * yes , minister * , it is * courageous * . 
  so : really , national review , really ?
