  party of barcenas ? 
  sigh ... 
  the satiric news site el mundo today has the article [ pedro sanchez collapses and confesses he 's the puerto-rican actor armando de castejon ] ( http://www.elmundotoday.com/2016/06/pedro-sanchez-se-derrumba-y-reconoce-que-es-un-actor/ ) . 
  about the prospect of a third election campaign :  de castej\u00f3n aparece , efectivamente , en numerosos anuncios de la teletienda y en cat\u00e1logos de venta de thermomix . 
  en tierra de valientes interpret\u00f3 durante tres temporadas a luis guzm\u00e1n , primo hermano de la protagonista de la serie , con la que manten\u00eda un romance secreto en la ficci\u00f3n . 
  i voted in favour of the association agreement , i went to panel discussions with academics for and against , i asked my ukrainian friends and acquaintances . 
  i informed myself , and i voted . 
  voting , in my opinion , is one of the few duties you have as a citizen , and you 're an idiot if you do n't make use of it , or say ` it does n't matter anyway , ze zijn allemaal zakkenvullers ' . 
  that said , the ukraine referendum * was * a farce . 
  the geenpeil people basically admitted it had nothing whatsoever to do with the treaty , and that they thought juncker was worse than putin ( they said this ) . 
  there was some discussion about it , but most people treated it like a popularity contest for the vvd/pvda coalition . 
  for that reason , i am against referenda . 
  there are other means of doing more democracy - citizen panels , voting systems that go beyond yes/no . 
  but a referendum is too populist , too simple , and too bland-and-white for it to be valid tool of collective decision-making . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/memories-of-breakups-past-slovenia-eu-referendum/ ) a very poignant article , about those historic events , by a slovenian journalist , and the break-ups of yugoslavia , iraq and syria . 
  well ... a spanish friend , a while ago , asked me in desperation : `` what am i supposed to vote now !!, 
  podemos , they promised they wanted progressive change , get the country on track , help people , many changes are necessary . 
  and then , the day after the election , they say they want a catalan referendum !, 
  what about changing the country ? '', 
  and , i mean , she had a point !, 
  after the december results , instead of forming a government , you had podemos releasing impossible coalition agreements , antagonising other politicians , and coming with the unworkable , insensible catalan referendum and stating that that was a precondition for any coalition negotiations . 
  in other words : fuck you , we do n't * actually * want to govern . 
  many spanish people took their conclusions from that . 
  result : endemic and obvious corruption , rewarded . 
  how rajoy will get a coalition together , i do n't know , but he 's in a better situation now than then . 
  additionally , does n't madrid have an ( ex - ) podemos alcaldesa from ahora madrid ? 
  and now this . 
  maybe their english cousins could have taken that into account . 
  what has cameron done lately to adress this ( apart from appeasing the city ) ? 
  as opposed to the [ commission ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/taxation/company_tax/anti_tax_avoidance/index_en.htm ) ? 
  [ timeline ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/resources/documents/taxation/company_tax/anti_tax_avoidance/timeline_without_logo.png ), 
   understanding the limits of nationalism , of how any individual nation-state is not only part of the family of nations but is dependent for its sovereignty on a global economy over which it can not be sovereign , is an expression of political maturity and honesty about the limits of the nation . 
  emotional nationalist appeals to ` stand on your own two feet ' are no substitute for the intellectual maturity to accept the economic limits of sovereignty , and how accepting those limits openly actually increases the space for the most useful sovereignty as far as citizens are concerned - an economy large enough to produce taxes that can fund good quality infrastructure and universal services and alleviate poverty . 
  it is the countries with the largest gdp/capita to tax that are best able to express their sovereignty -- at a national level through public services and internationally in trade deals . 
  we need institutions if we are to manage our shared economic and political interests and redistributive responsibilities . 
  just because it is hard to continually hash out the balance of bureaucratic and democratic control in the eu , or because we are not happy with the present balance , is no reason to dismiss the need for these institutions in order in part paradoxically to exercise more sovereignty . 
  ** the eu provides a means to exercise more control of international capitalism no individual european nation has the power to exercise - especially in preventing the continued erosion of the tax base on which meaningful sovereignty depends - through company tax avoidance , transfer pricing and company registration in secrecy jurisdictions that the panama papers have revealed in the gory detail we have long needed . 
  ** i guess that 's why a lot of tories do n't want to be in the eu . 
  the [ txoko 's ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/txoko ) must be the coolest tradition ever , if a bit sexist . 
  i 'd like the eu to do more communication , and call out bullshit by national governments when they see it . 
  right now , the eu is used as a scapegoat for all controversial things , while any positive things are the work of the governments . 
  after a european council meeting , its not uncommon to hear how mutually exclusive things have been decided . 
  access to the single market would still come with all the necessary regulations and eu laws , and freedom of movement . 
  except then the british would have no say in creating those eu laws and regulations , because they would n't be an eu member any more . 
  practically , the european council would have to be the ones to discuss and decide this : tsipras , merkel , hollande , orban , all of them . 
  then that 's also wishful thinking on the part of the majority of brits , what can i say ... 
  he 's also the one promoting democratisation with his open society foundation , and bankrolling sanders with moveon.org, 
  they wo n't , it 's wishful thinking on the behalf of uk eu critics in the case they should lose their referendum . 
  i am really , really puzzled where this comment comes from . 
  is everything okay up there , buddy ? 
  what 's wrong with being supported by part of the business community ? 
  businesses have a very important role in society and the economy . 
  no thank you . 
  usually the eu does consultations , where people can send in their perspectives on policy . 
  writing to meps works . 
  so find the spanish meps and write them a letter . 
  go read some history about the 50s-60s . 
  this is bullshit . 
  the democrats 66 are libertarian now ? 
  til ... 
  he far underperformed his polls , and it is still lower than his 2010 election result . 
  i voted this morning , with the choice between the 4 parties whose plans actually follow the paris climate change treaty - d66 , greenleft , christenunie and party of the animals . 
  the vvd and the cda 's lack of responsibility about sustainability is astounding . 
  i considered voting strategically for greenleft , but decided against it , given the nonsense they spout about healthcare . 
  feels good actually voting for a party you mostly agree with , even if d66 is sometimes too naive about the ` market ' . 
  yeah right ... because us congressmen renaming french fries as ` freedom fries ' was totally fine and dandy . 
  it 's the americans who are persecuted by the nasty europeans . 
  chirac was right , by the way . 
  we do n't have tanks anymore , but we do have shiny new f-35s . 
  on the other hand , the far-right fp\u00d6 in austria , just barely lost the election there . 
  it 's great that last time the fn reached the second round they got repudiated , but this is a different time , with a different le pen . 
  not spd , though , they 're doing a lot better these days with god-emperor schulz . 
  in the netherlands , there is another phenomenon : pvv in elections has always underperformed vs. their polls . 
  fantastic article , by the way . 
  and because things happen subtly , bit by bit , there will always be apologists saying `` it 's not that bad '' or `` things have always been like this , if we 're honest '' . 
  the polish government reversed their abortion policy because of mass protests - godspeed to the romanian people . 
  again : you are wrong , and you will be resisted . 
  there are still enough patriots , enough people who love the truth left . 
  you yourself are misguided , sad and a bit pathetic . 
  and you will be resisted . 
  this comment seems like it 's a caricature , but you 're likely sincere . 
  you 're wrong . 
  your infantile political ideas are misguided . 
  and you will be resisted , your hateful kind will not win . 
  the polls in 2016 did n't actually get it wrong , the way the chattering classes interpreted them did . 
  that 's why a controlled inflation is ideal as well - tomorrow 's debt is worth less than an investment today . 
  not really . 
  gdp growth will occur , because that is what we as people do . 
  people have kids , they want stuff , will always innovate and invent things , etc. . a ` steady state economy ' is against human nature . 
  and it 's not about ` living beyond ones means ' - an economy is not a household budget !, 
  - as long as the moderate deficit spending is within gdp growth + inflation , and is geared towards investments , then this spending * is within one 's means * . 
  as long as the deficit is under gdp growth + inflation , there should n't be a problem with a perpetual deficit . 
   the quran teachings are dangerous and can be interpreted to hate and deceive/kill non-believes and polytheists . 
  that 's the case for most any ideology or text , though . 
  and most ( except for denk and maybe pvda ) parties are also against `` democratically banning free speech '' and `` kill [ ing ] non-believers '' . 
  whereas , geert wilders does not share your nuanced view . 
  he sells a catastrophic vision of a dystopian future , wants to repress islam , ban the quran , deport legitimate asylum seekers ( including the christian-syrian family whose daughter i teach ) , and is * also * against the `` muslims already living here and those who grew up here '' . 
  he is quite the radical , more so than you - why do you support him ? 
  i do n't see why the government has been replaced if only one function ( the president ) has been replaced , and only after yanukovych fled after his plan of murdering his own people in the streets failed . 
  last i checked , the army , the parliament , the ministries etc. . were still standing .
