  others go by qualified majority . 
  the eu is defending the interests of its members . 
  we 'll see what may 's team will do with that , but * feeling * aggrieved will not get them far . 
  where did i say that ? 
  no , i asked a question , being : * how is may going to accomplish a change in the eu negotiating strategy , a strategy which has been unanimously approved by the remaining 27 eu states months ago ? 
  * simply * feeling * as though it should be different wo n't accomplish anything but feelings frustrated . 
  and , you can not actually force someone to talk about something if they do n't want to . 
  and how , exactly ? 
  one can lead a horse to water , but not make him drink . 
  may might feel its nonsense , but how will her feelings change what the other 27 countries will want to talk about during negotiations ? 
  or will she just refuse to negotiate at all ? 
  yes , and no : parts of the single market are integrated , others are n't . 
  one of the priorities of the commission is to complete the digital single market . 
  that gets the causation mixed up . 
  iran is not connected to global banking * because * of its enmity with the us , not the other way around . 
  argentina , last time i checked . 
  if it 's true ( we 'll see tomorrow morning ) , then it 's absolutely hilarious . 
  i was similarly skeptical , but i read [ this incredibly interesting article . 
  ] ( https://www.google.nl/url?q=http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2016/10/17/turkeys-thirty-year-coup ), 
  so , like all the other european social democrats ? 
  so , like all the other european social democrats ? 
  yes ? 
  he 's the dutch social democratic finance minister , quite popular in his party . 
  they would look with disappointment , but they would n't side with you . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hsxsugl.jpg ) is a typical euro social democrat . 
  in france , that 's not due to neoliberalism . 
  still nothing wrong with being clear about things for the largest possible audience , right ? 
  i do n't see how it detracts from the point being made , which was that 2010-2012 was not a minority government . 
  well , this is an american website , so i was communicating in a way that people would understand . 
  maybe that 's what france needs at the moment . 
  they did n't really have a minority government in 2010-2012 . 
  instead the right-wing liberals ( actually conservatives ) , together with the christian democrats governed with the support of the pvv . 
  this collapsed after two years , and sank the christian democrats to unprecedented lows . 
  yes , many people care . 
  this kind of pessimism is counterproductive . 
  in the face of an ecological crisis , pessimism * or * optimism is a choice , and choosing optimism is more productive in regards to ameliorative action . 
   it 's just economically liberal business as usual . 
  i mean , in france ` economically liberal ' is not business as usual ... 
  i did n't answer , because that 's irrelevant . 
  i never suggested any course of action , whether that action should be taken by local , national or eu governments , or by civil society , or whether any action should be taken in the first place . 
  i merely pointed out some nonsense , easily remedied by actually reading so article before commenting . 
  irrelevance to distract from your own nonsense :  price determines quality . 
  same brand of tuna can , more expensive with worse quality . 
  did you read the article ( no , you did n't ) :  `` a can of tuna fish , '' he says . 
   `` yes , '' i reply . 
  i sense a larger point is coming . 
   `` it costs $ 1 . '', 
  ( 78p ; $ 1.09 )  `` yes . '', 
   `` in the czech republic it costs about $ 1.50 . '', 
   `` the fish here is good quality - whole chunks of it . 
  nothing like the mush they sell across the border . '', 
  he 's insane . 
  what are you trying to say , and what are your reasons for saying that ? 
  because it seems to me you 're trying to create a parallel between the russian occupation of eastern europe and the founding of the european coal and steel community . 
  such a parallel is bizarre , and i am really curious what the thinking behind that is . 
  strikes , some watered down , but much-needed deregulation and structural reform , a change in the eurozone governance ( away from pure austerity measures ) , and at some point a highly publicized affair in the * hello * . 
   the contribution which an organized and living europe can bring to civilization is indispensable to the maintenance of peaceful relations . 
  in taking upon herself for more than 20 years the role of champion of a united europe , france has always had as her essential aim the service of peace . 
  a united europe was not achieved and we had war . 
   europe will not be made all at once , or according to a single plan . 
  it will be built through concrete achievements which first create a de facto solidarity . 
  nice word diarrhea . 
   being a member of the european parliament is like driving a car from the passenger seat with a toy steering wheel , they 're not allowed to initiate legislation . 
  it 's all decided for them in advance by a panel of commissioners who have n't been elected by anybody . 
  you 're an mep ? 
  i did n't realise !, 
  say hello to verhofstadt from me . 
  is n't greece excluded from the ecb quantitative easing ? 
  go read the schuman declaration . 
  it was designed to be a political union . 
  which is true . 
  so what ? 
   it would be better to occupy libya and physically stopping the migration business . 
  given that the topic was north africa and the effects of imperialism in stabilizing periphery regions , i do n't see how the economic prosperity in western europe is in any way relevant . 
   there was a lot of damning stuff in them . 
  you 're going to have to a lot better than that , and no - pizzagate was not damning . 
  how do you have your head so far up your ass ? 
  did you ever pick up a modern history book ? 
  soros !, 
  soros !, 
   because * he thinks * it is fundamentally undemocratic . 
  ftfy, 
  i mean , i know soros paid for orban 's studies , but is n't this too extreme ? 
  to quote theresa may :  brexit means brexit . 
  what a bullshit title . 
  what he actually said :  `` we will not discuss our future relations with the uk until we have achieved sufficient progress on the main issues relating to the uk 's withdrawal from the eu , '' he said . 
  which relates to the order of things to negotiate , not the importance of eu-uk trade . 
  again , 200 youths . 
  saying that it could lead to full blown ethnic conflict in sweden is exaggerated . 
   you do the math . 
  one thing i remember about statistics classes is that correlation does not mean causation . 
  another is that there are many variables that have to be controlled for . 
  you seem to ignore both of these tenets . 
  about 200 , according to the police cited in the article . 
  they make a lot of noise , sure , but it 's not as bleak as you make it out to be . 
  and its not like gangs are actually an integration issue , really , it 's more related to socio-economic circumstance ( and crime has decreased since the 80s ) . 
  nah , just one filled with anti-semites , neo-nazis and holocaust deniers , whatever pr-paintjob mlp did notwithstanding . 
  close enough . 
  that 's still moronic . 
  culture is n't tied to people - it 's tied to a hell of a lot more than that .
