  why do n't you go back to your love-hate relationship with donald trump and ted cruz ? 
  the coffeeshops ( where cannabis is sold ) have to rely on organised crime or underground growers for their supply , while the police expend significant manpower on finding and destroying growing operations . 
  meanwhile , all the mayors of the big cities have pleaded and petitioned the government to allow them to do a pilot program of legal and regulated supply , but the government does not allow this , citing international law . 
  i read about this farm because ( 1 ) i really , * really * like foie gras , and ( 2 ) in most other aspects , my diet is vegetarian , with the occasional foray into veganism . 
  its crazy expensive though , my conscience is n't worth * that * much ... come slaughter day , the guy kills the entire gaggle at once , because he knows that geese have feelings too and will miss/grieve for the missing geese . 
  you 're disingenuous - i wrote ` liberal democracy ' which sets certain standards for what counts as legitimate dialogue . 
  ` feeling ' things does not pass this . 
  you 're going to have a very hard time defending the notion that germany , with its * streitbare demokratie * - literally `` militant democracy '' - is somehow a dictatorship because they oppress political forces that wish to overturn the basic law , even if those forces have majority support . 
  the very idea is laughable . 
  i would n't go as far to say that : experts have blind spots , and at some level it is also a political question to give credence to certain experts and not others . 
  but they should * certainly * not be ignored , because `` people are fed up with experts '' . 
  i am myself not making any statement about immigration , maybe i was not entirely clear about that . 
  in my experience , diversity * has * been a positive thing , but i also realise that my experience is a somewhat elitist bubble that is not representative for what most people experience . 
  i 'm also not impressed by arguments from social cohesion - there * should * be spaces of non-comformity , of difference - and declining social cohesion could just as well be from the death of god and the declining churchgoing rates . 
  that does not mean i advocate some kind of post-modern ( a much maligned term , but i 'm using it in the pejorative sense here ) , morally nihilist conception of society where everything goes ; i do however advocate basic rights of dignity and freedom of expression , uncurtailed by rigid cultural norms . 
  point is , that the case for migration policies ( and for any policy , really ) have to be made * independently * of what a ` majority thinks ' . 
  additionally , in the case of immigration , the fact that consistently over time , across periods of high and low immigration , a lot of people think that `` the country is full , back in the good old times things were better , crime is rising , immigrants are scroungers , etc '' , this is doubly not a legitimate reason to act . 
  liberal democracies work ( in the ideal case ) through deliberation , dialogue and debate . 
  it would be nice if such a debate is held as inclusively as possible , and many efforts should be made to realise this , but there are also certain ground rules to this debate . 
  one of these , is that * onderbuikgevoelens * are illegitimate , another is that pluralism and human rights have to be respected . 
  you are right if you notice that this produces somewhat biased politics , de-legitimising and even oppressing certain positions . 
  this oppression is entirely legitimate and even necessary . 
  re : the brexit vote - yes , i think that referendum is illegitimate and should never have been carried out in the first place . 
  no , that does not mean i am against democracy , or against referendums at all . 
  it does mean that a referendum has to be ( 1 ) clear , about the topic being voted on , instead of this topic being a proxy for some other construct , ( 2 ) the product of grassroots movements and not a political weapon to eliminate discontent within a political faction and ( 3 ) preceded by a serious public debate in society . 
  obviously that is very difficult , but not impossible : see switzerland . 
  with the brexit vote , the people were handed a weapon to use against their own elite - now the country ( and the young ) will pay the price . 
  with the ukraine referendum in my country , while it was a grassroots affair , the organisers themselves were quite explicit that ( 1 ) it really was about the eu , and that juncker was worse than putin , and ( 3 ) was not preceded by a substantive political debate , and although some parties did try ( the socialist party postured about neoliberalism , as if neoliberalism is somehow worse than kleptocratic oligarchy ; d66 made the pro-european case ) , the large parties largely stayed silent about it . 
  whether it should be nullified : yes , in theory , but no in practice . 
  nullifying the result would perhaps be better in the long run , but would also seriously embolden anti-democratic forces in society . 
  the propaganda almost writes itself : `` the eu , if it does n't get it 's way , re-runs referenda until it does , is not shy of overthrowing inconvenient governments ( #itisacoup !, 
  ) , and has no respect for the sovereign people of great britain ! '' . 
  no , brexit is a fact , and the work to be done now is to make sure that it is somewhat successful , out of compassion for the british people ( although it remains likely that in decades to come , the country will have lower growth rates ) . 
  and then , * include * the excluded , fix the political system , work towards a better society . 
  but never giving in to the seduction of easy solutions because they ` feel ' right . 
  because , we live in liberal democracies , where the tyranny of the majority does not rule . 
  a majority of people might think nonsense , that does n't mean that it 's democratic to carry out that nonsense - in fact , if that were done , you 'd have a majority of people a few years later strongly disagreeing with the nonsense carried out . 
  people always think that the country is becoming a worse place , and that immigrants are undermining things , that the country is ` full ' . 
  to borrow from the economic lexicon : those things are inelastic to actual developments . 
  in dutch those are called * onderbuikgevoelens * , literally ` feelings from the stomach ' . 
  those are ignored , and rightly . 
  edit : if this sub is so pro-immigration , as / u/consail says , why is my unapologetic liberalism being downvoted ? 
  the entire conceit of the brexiteers made no sense whatsoever : see johnson , specifically his post-referendum column . 
  the netherlands exclusively governs through coalitions , and we 've done well for ourselves . 
  coalition governments are not weak governments . 
  i see : never got further than political philosophy 101 , did you ? 
  how long until farage unresigns , like the last time ? 
  hehehe . 
  you are so funny . 
  ( 1 ) by eu citizen , i mean someone who has eu citizenship , which is not just ` any inhabitant ' . 
  and it is a construct that is in the treaties , as outlined by the link in my post above . 
  that your opinion is that the eu is a farce is irrelevant to the law , which is that eu citizenship exists , which gives one certain rights . 
  you can deny that all you want , and scream anarchist arguments all you want : that 's the fact . 
  ( 2 ) the eu is not a farce : it is a voluntary pooling of sovereignty of member states to deal with transnational issues , as well as work towards peace and prosperity , which it has had unparalleled success in . 
  in this sense , comparisons with a nation state are ** completely irrelevant ** , rather , one should look at other transnational cooperations . 
  like nafta , which has no parliament , or the un , which has no competences . 
  ( 1 ) i did not say partisan : i said dutch resistance . 
  ( 2 ) i said council of ministers : not parliament . 
  til you 're not allowed to be friendly with your fellow european leaders . 
  yes , the eu does not have a constitution - that was rejected by referendum . 
  that does not mean you are n't typing out of your ass though , [ eu citizenship does exist ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/justice/citizen/ ) , which gives a number of rights and protections . 
  what motivates someone like you to do confidently , pronounce something that 's wrong on such a basic level ? 
  shit article , with some eurosceptic projecting some feelings on the president of the commission , with the typical mythology of the anti-eu crowd - undemocratic bureaucrats , etc. . . 
  seeing these opinions ( i also read a very similar one on euractiv just now , also by a brit ) makes me somewhat glad that they have left . 
  then i remember the british i know personally who are gutted because of the demagogic arrogance of farage et . 
  and i know not to condemn a country because of its crazies . 
  seriously though : juncker was ( 1 ) elected in the 2014 ep election , ( 2 ) has the confidence of 81 % of the ep , ( 3 ) stands up to demagogues who claim to have simple solutions to complex problems . 
  other leaders could learn from him , especially on that last part . 
  and he 's never actually very good , or critical : he just explains his ( biased ) position in a very simple cringe-jokey way . 
  palin is n't sane by any means . 
  maybe condi ? 
   unless the government becomes really smart and how likely do you think that is going to be ? 
   i kid , i kid ... although it would remain to be seen how they could pull it off , and how much leeway they would have for those investments from the troika, 
  not sure about the ` political importance ' , countries still like to brag about how many gold medals they get . 
  certainly , the spending to show the power of china - yes . 
  although the opening ceremony could be rotated , perhaps ? 
  i suppose there 's a difference between a one-off , circus-like event where a lot goes into building up , the event is held , and then there are a bunch of empty stadiums . 
  this would be a once-every-four-years * returning * event . 
  makes sense . 
  are you saying that mexico was more prepared for brexit than the british ? 
  i do n't think any european head of state , as privately angry as they may be , advocates for any `` fuck you , fuck us '' . 
  but neither will they be advocating for any kind of special solidarity - out of the european family is out - and all the individual member states will take a look at their individual national interests . 
  that 's the reality . 
  and its also not about ` restrictions ' on uk financial services : its about the law , which states that they will no longer be eu financial services . 
  they will be as free in europe as us financial services . 
  a third country . 
  again : the single market , like norway or switzerland is different . 
  that includes the contribution , includes eu law , and the four freedoms , regardless of what johnson says . 
  but that 's not the only option . 
  i smile at that you think the single market is about protectionism , or that you do n't benefit from it . 
  there will be good trade relations , there 's no question about that . 
  but good trade relations and the single market are * very different things * . 
  think of it akin to two neighbours , visiting each other to cook for each other , and two flatmates sharing a kitchen with shared meals . 
  uk businesses , as well as the financial industry , have benefited enormously from this arrangement . 
  it allows them to seamlessly trade and move people across national borders , it allows uk banks to be european banks for the purposes of transactions . 
  recently we 've had the sepa , which integrates payment transactions all over europe , dramatically reducing transaction costs for cross-border payments , and in this sense , there are plans for a single digital area , a single energy market . 
  so yes : access to * that * requires the four freedoms , and the relevant eu legislation . 
  without access to that , then this * will * hit uk business , even with the most advantageous trade deals imaginable . 
  that 's unavoidable , but perhaps a price to pay for some ` sovereignty ' - i do n't know , you ca n't eat sovereignty . 
  it is in the interests of both the eu individual member states and the uk for there to be some kind of strong deal to foster mutual cooperation .
