  and european civilisation is a hell of a lot stronger than you whinily give it credit for , you rightist cuck . 
  so before mh17 he shielded russia from criticism , afterwards he was hoping everyone forgets , and now he 's working together with other russian stooges to undermine dutch strength and european unity , making the netherlands vulnerable ( as well as shitting on dutch values ) . 
  look , i get it : i do n't like erdogan either , and dutch-turks that support him have some reflecting to do . 
  but anyone who supports wilders and calls him or herself ` patriotic ' is lying to themselves . 
  [ nah , he 's still a russian stooge , willing to sell out the netherlands for power . 
  wilders is in the shrine of dutch democracy , undermining the dutch state , undermining dutch values , and willing to render the netherlands impotent and vulnerable to both russian and american meddling by destroying european cooperation . 
  his voters are exactly the same kind of traitors that the dutch-turks are according to you . 
  protestants and catholics were at each others ' throats , [ murdering ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:francois_dubois_001.jpg ) each other every opportunity they could . 
  nowadays , people do n't care . 
  during early islam , christians and jews were allies of the arabs , and during the following centuries they were mostly trading partners until the crusades ( which were motivated more by greed than religious fervour ) . 
  * point is * , inter-religious strife is ** not ** the natural state of things , and depends on many more factors . 
  as another point , immigration is not cumulative : you have immigration and emigration , and they keep happening , mostly due to either external events ( climate change , civil war ) or economic ones ( people go where there is prosperity ) . 
  this brings some cultural change , when it comes to new practices ( for example , japan is in the process of introducing ramadan as an observance ) or foods ( the markets now in western europe are simply superior to 20 years ago . 
  but this change also goes in the other direction : the ` immigrants ' westernise , and so do their practices . 
  european culture is * more than strong enough * to assimilate a new voice . 
  i do not know specifically what ` the change ' is that you are talking about ( that is a fairly vague characterisation ) , but know that there are * many * more causes than a trickle of immigration for economic or societal malaise . 
  instead of that , he undermines the integrity of the state , he sells out dutch interests and power to his russian and american paymasters , and he turns a blind eye to the russian murder of his fellow countrymen . 
  he is simply a traitor , willing to sell out dutch interests . 
  that a few dutch-turks have fallen under the spell of a far-right populist as well is an unimportant detail . 
  sure they do . 
  wilders is a traitor , who hates the netherlands and is only animated by a lust for power . 
  * what a moronic assertion . 
  please give me your reasoning for a situation in which all of the people in europe are magically replaced by all of the people in africa . 
  dutch-turk are not the only immigrant groups . 
  and so what if they temporarily support a far-right populist ? 
  that 's something large groups of dutch , french , and americans do as well . 
  do the 20 % of french that voted for le pen need to integrate better ? 
  because they seem to not share the values of the republic . 
  i just completely do not understand this obsession of yours with blond people and ethnic change . 
  it 's completely irrelevant , and somewhat bizarre , simple , and infantile . 
  a thousand years ago , europe was a barbarous and provincial backwater , and there was mass migration - towards baghdad and the caliphate . 
  before that , there was a mass migration from the central asian steppes to eastern europe ( partially caused by climate change at the time ) . 
  before that , the greeks made it all the way to india in either conquest or trade . 
  and anyway , did n't the algerians build france ? 
  integration is just fine in the netherlands , peddle your ignorance elsewhere . 
  til there are people in europe that have been alive for thousands of years . 
  come on , try a bit harder ? 
  why would muslim population in spain be relevant for eta terrorism ? 
  and i suggest you read what i wrote : not that there is no link between islam and islamist violence ( that would be stupid to think ) , but that there is no * necessary * link . 
  which is a very different point , and one you skate over . 
  and a lack of terror attacks can also be said about the netherlands , and other european countries with muslim populations . 
  now i 'll ask again , what ingredients do you think are present in france that will lead to anarchy and civil war ? 
  because i do n't think those ingredients are there . 
  i mean , not really . 
  spain had monthly terror attacks , and did n't spiral out of control . 
  so did a lot of countries with terror groups , they just carried on . 
  additionally , there is n't an automatic link between immigration and islam , and neither is there an automatic link between islam and islamist violence ( which is based on a pretty recent and novel interpretation of islam , and is also one of several competing interpretations ) . 
  i mean , not only is your characterization of lebanon not exactly accurate , but your skipping over quite a few details , like an extremely long civil war , regional instability , intelligence agencies , and an ottoman history . 
  why do you think the same will happen to france ? 
  do you really believe that , and if so , how could you possibly have convinced yourself of that ? 
  yes , that is indeed a quote . 
  how insightful . 
   so far as i know , the only statements made by jacques derrida that have been alleged to constitute physics faking are certain fragments of his 1966 response to a question by jean hyppolite . 
  all contain the remark , `` the einsteinian constant is not a constant , is not a center . '' i first encountered this cryptic remark , together with the charge that it is physics faking , in higher superstition , a polemical work by paul r. gross and norman levitt . 
  the colleague who showed it to me later told levitt that i had complained that he and gross had failed to show not merely that they did not understand what derrida was saying -- neither did i -- but that there is nothing to understand because derrida was only faking familiarity with deep scientific matters . 
  according to my colleague , levitt ignored my complaint and boasted that he had fifty examples that are as bad or worse . 
   ** this was ten years ago and i still have not seen any other statements by derrida that were alleged to constitute physics faking . 
  ** indeed , in fashionable nonsense , sokal and bricmont volunteer that they know of none and , furthermore , do not believe that there are any . 
  ** however , not only do they know of no other such statements , they know of none . 
  ** so far as i know , there have been only two attempts to do more than merely roll one 's eyes at the remark and feign sophistication , neither of them by sokal or bricmont . 
  the first , by ernest gallo , is discussed below . 
  the other , by steven weinberg in the new york review of books ( 1996 ) , is discussed in `` reading and relativism '' ( 42-44 ) . 
  ** in each case , the attempt to engage with derrida 's text in order to expose him as a physic faker succeeds only in making the author look ridiculous . 
  ** ...  where is hyppolite 's objection ? 
  where are the surprising paradoxes ? 
  ** gallo seems to be hallucinating . 
  ** note also that hyppolite does not say that this constant is the velocity of light . 
  this is merely gallo 's assumption .4 also , although one would never guess from reading gallo , in the quote above , hyppolite is asking derrida a question !, 
  he is asking whether a certain constant is a center for a certain structure . 
  the concept of a center for a structure , which dominates the first part of derrida 's lecture on structuralism , does not figure in gallo 's account . 
  but it figures prominently in derrida 's answer to hyppolite , which gallo reads as derrida expressing impatience with the `` heresy '' that the velocity of light is constant . 
  is this right ? 
  here is derrida 's answer . 
  let me put it more clearly : now it sounds even less like you know what you 're talking about . 
  go outside , take a deep breath , live a little , do n't take whatever sources have gotten you so riled up seriously !, 
  it 'll do you good . 
  that 's quite the bizarre comment . 
  so what ? 
  and the japanese business community disagrees , as do other people . 
  just because a minister somewhere thinks something , does n't mean that 's true . 
  to demonstrate that your argument ( `` social sciences are fucking rubbish '' ) was in no way supported by the article you posted . 
  and that fact is relevant , because ... ? 
  this comment is just really bizarre , given that derrida did not engage with science at all . 
  [ this is some very clear , concise reading illuminating this . 
  ] ( http://math.bu.edu/people/nk/rr/jd.html ), 
   reaction has been swift -- and , in some quarters , fierce -- to the news of the minister 's june letter and the resulting decision to close many of the targeted undergraduate and graduate programmes . 
  `` the foundation of democratic and liberal societies is a critical spirit , which is nurtured by knowledge of the humanities , '' said the japan times in what has so far stood as one of the harshest commentaries . 
  `` without exception , totalitarian states invariably reject knowledge in the humanities , and states that reject such knowledge always become totalitarian . ''  the powerful business lobby group keidanrenwas also quick to respond to the government 's assertion that the business community only requires people with practical skills . 
  `` some media reported that the business community is seeking work-ready human resources , not students in the humanities , but that is not the case , '' said keidanren chairman sadayuki sakakibara . 
  he added that japanese companies desire `` exactly the opposite '' -- that is , students who can solve problems based on `` ideas encompassing the different fields '' of science and humanities . 
   for its part , the science council of japan issued a formal statement to affirm its position that the humanities and social sciences `` play a vital and unique role in critically comparing , contrasting and reflecting on the way in which human beings and society operate , make an essential contribution to academic knowledge as a whole , [ and are entrusted with the role of solving -- in cooperation with the natural sciences -- contemporary problems domestically as well as internationally . ''  as these commentaries suggest , one ironic effect of the government 's intervention in june has been to spur a wider debate and appreciation in japan about the importance of the humanities and social sciences . 
  it does n't sound like you actually know anything of what you 're talking about . 
  efta would possibly be easier : essentially things would stay the same , no extra prime minister in european council , etc. 
  the spanish mep delegation would shrink a bit , but that 's all . 
  still , likely the spanish government would have to agree , and i do n't see that happening . 
  i do n't have a spanish flair , because while i grew up in spain , i am dutch and live in the netherlands . 
  sure , if politics were rational ( politics is n't rational ) . 
  and rajoy always said spain didn ' y have a problem with an independent scotland , * provided scotland were to become independent in accordance with the constitutional requirements of the uk * . 
  and i 'm sure that you 're aware of the constitutional requirements in spain re : seccession . 
  and spain is part of what body again ?
