  also , the nuclear power plants we have now are far far safer than tjernoby , just like you said . 
  i just think it is madness to do what germany is doing ( and denmark ) , reject nuclear power to increase the number of deaths and add to climate change , just because nuclear power is bad . 
  i do n't think it is in comparison to coal . 
  sure , in an perfect world our houses would a be heated with renewable energy and love and peace would reign , but until that day , i 'll take the least bad alternative . 
  nuclear is less bad than coal . 
  where does the faroe islands get their energy from ? 
   i 've gotten the impression that things are better now and that the finns are a much better-liked minority . 
  probably , due to many reasons . 
  we have gotten new minorities to dislike :-) , and the finns who comes now are generally better behaved . 
  i also think any of the old alcoholics are dying out , but it is still seen ( according to my relative who is a judge , and a friend who is training to be one ) and can be found in the statistics if one look . 
   i also remember reading that at some point a lot of the bums in stockholm were finnish alcoholics probably , would n't suprise me , but i guess those who came over in the 60 's and 70 's are starting to die off now ( if they drink ) . 
   we 're more focused on the standard story that finns went there , worked their way up and assimilated eventually ( with a few hitches here and there ) . 
  i mean , to a large extent that is true . 
  most finns assimilated and obviously did n't have the knife fights/alcoholism problems . 
  nor can i ever recall real rasism against finns , more like bloody finn , like perhaps someone said `` bloody redhead '' , not really insulting and certainly nothing someone of finnish origin cared about . 
  there were more who drank however and it was more than the swedish population . 
  i just wondered it was talked about , since as you say , one has the half jokingly , stereotype of an alcoholic finn here . 
  i do n't really mean that most people see finns that way , it is more of a joke , like you make jokes about us , but there is some truth behind it and most people are aware of it . 
  sidenote to that , i do n't know if you have heard about [ susanna alakoski ] ( http://fi.wikipedia.org/wiki/susanna_alakoski ) but she wrote a widely praised book svinal\u00e4ngorna ( was also made into a movie with noomi rapace ) about growing up in a finnish alcoholic family , in ystad sweden . 
  i like her and i really recommend her books , but i do not always agree with her and her political views . 
  she always blames poverty , but ca n't seem to see that the poverty she experienced was due to her parents being alcoholics , not due to the fact that they were not paid ( i mean , in the 70 's , one could live a decent life at least with two parents working in a factory . 
  not expensive handbags perhaps , but a decent life ) . 
  however , i like how she writes and i do n't always have to agree with someone 100 % to like their writing . 
  who knows , it might broaden my perspective :-) . 
  she has also written a book about having a brother in prison ( her brother became a criminal ) and a diary how poverty/alcoholism affects you as an adult , even if one as `` got away '' , as she did . 
  this post ballooned a little bit in the process , sorry . 
  no , i thought it was an interesting read , thanks . 
  yes , of course , but that is not shorts . 
  i have never seen it , if one exclude my very niece who dressed herself and had dress , skirt and pants . . it is sort of cute when you are around 3 though :-) . 
  maybe it is a girls things , to be overly anal about it , but i 've honestly never seen it , and i imagine it would be uncomfortable and bulky . 
  have you ever seen a woman wear shorts and skirts together outside of school ? 
  i suppose if you do it in april or something it is not to hot , but i still think it is a very localised custom . 
  is skype american ? 
  is he the one who believe we are all ruled by lizards ? 
  where did you go to school ? 
  i have never heard about it , honestly . 
  have you ever seen it outside of school ? 
  in an office , in the street etc ? 
  i think it must have been a local trend . 
  we do n't really have school uniforms , but if we had , i can not see the school forcing girls to wear skirts in the winter , it is to cold . 
  really ? 
  i thought the average finn drank more , but i could be wrong of course , has happened before . 
  we do ? 
  honestly , i do n't know anyone who does that , never even heard about it . 
  a huge bonus with skirts is that they are cooler than shorts . 
  that disappears if you wear both . 
  if it is cooler outside you wear a coat , suffer or thicker stockings . 
  also , another reason one would never wear shorts with skirts is that it would be far to bulky / the skirt would n't fall in a nice way . 
  even the non tight skirts has to be somewhat tight around the hips out of necessity , and a pair of shorts would make the waist so weird . 
  and , my butt would look to big !, 
  [ norwegian ] ( http://www.norwegian.com/uk/ ) and sas, 
   sing-songy language , that is what i am referring to . 
  what you say is true of course , it is a brother/friendly relationship . 
   manly men with vodka in sweden , the finns are overrepresented in alcohol related stuff , everything from murders , fighting , etc. 
  is that talked about in finland , or known ? 
  would n't mind that at all, 
  hopefully it will spill over , just like women 's rights . 
  it really does seems like gay rights will be the thing of the 21st century . 
  i hope it is . 
   having said that , he was always a cabinet member in governments that continuously improved malta 's respect for gay rights and especially women 's rights ( bringing us inline with eu law ) . 
  that was a requirement , he had too . 
   tonio borg was in a cabinet that removed the requirement for a husband 's signature . 
  what he seems to do and what he believes seem to be oddly compartmentalised . 
  i am sorry , but that is so fucked up that i ca n't even comprehend it . 
  it seems like claiming that a saudi prince is a female rights activist if he claims that women should be able to drive and ride a bike . 
  he is not , at all , on the side of women and gays , he is an extremely conservative catholic to everyone but the maltese population who sadly , seems to care little about those things . 
  maybe he is a step forward compared to other maltese politicians , but to the rest of europe he seems to come from the 50 's . 
   ( in malta that 's not uncommon - the most laissez-faire catholics in the world ) . 
  no , then you would have more female rights , abortions etc , like austria , spain and other countries . 
  if you were , people would ignore the church and think for themselves . 
  but perhaps you mean that you are very good a doing one thing and saying another . 
  that is always something that i have a problem with in catholic countries . 
  to me it is hypocracy , and unnecessary hypocracy at that ( i mean , we are not talking dictatorship here - if one does n't agree with the church , tell them so and leave ) . 
  i have never understand why peopel choose hypocracy when one do not have to . 
  however , to me a lot of people in spain , italy , ireland etc seems to ignore the church , a lot . 
  why not malta ? 
  or is perhaps the younger generation starting to ? 
   as regards the rest of the population - acceptance of gay rights seems to be growing exponentially , which is good to see although the current government is also against same-sex marriage . 
  it 's been good to see more of the lgbt community get into the spotlight - it was n't the case 10 years ago the 21st century really seems to be the lbgt century . 
  good . 
  i hope the eu will force gay marriages up on the agenda . 
   i 'm one of the few people i know who is unreservedly in pro-choice , so i 've had debates with women where i a i truly hate debating with pro lifers , apart from being fairly ignorant , they can never stay on the topic without calling names . 
  you seem normal and nice so it must be really frustrating living in what seems to be such a extremely conservative community to me . 
  i hope it will change . 
  i do n't see a way out of it and it pisses me off . 
  me too . 
  i truly hope this becomes a big thing in the eu and the maltese have to explain themselves . 
   i ca n't explain it . 
  i hate the idea of killing endangered birds , but unfortunately it happens regularly . 
  i can understand that it must be frustrating , but what i find so weird is that is seems to have popular support . 
  i mean , we are not talking about a few bad apples - everybody has those , we are talking about huge chunks of the population . 
  that is also why i hope it draws more international attention , i hope/guess that the maltese wo n't like being known as a population of bird killers , or perhaps they do n't mind ? 
  ok , sorry then , i mixed them up . 
  so , borg is the asshole who hates gay , abortions and women - dalli is the corrupt asshole . 
  why ca n't you send none assholes ? 
  does the population of malta hates gays , women and birds ? 
   well there 's a very loud part of the maltese population that love to kill birds . 
  why ? 
  also , i have a lot of hunters in my family , but to kill * endagered * birds , is not proper hunting , it is proper being a complete idiotic asshole . 
  do these people support the killing of rhinos and elephants too ?
