  however , they are still , even compared to other welfare groups , over represented when it comes to crime and not finishing school etc. 
  so the issue is not poverty . 
   on a side-note , i 'd like thank you for actually engaging in debates about the eu and putting effort into it thanks, 
  your experience is the opposite of mine :-) . 
  different countries , different strokes . 
  because one gets tired of arguing the same old stuff again and again . 
  honestly , i am well known to be a eurosceptic , but i get more and more tired of explaining to people ( who may or may not be against the euro for example ) that the euro have flaws that affects the performances of the euro countries . 
  that is a fact , whether one like the euro or not . 
  i mean , you might love the eu and wake up every morning in praying to the eu flag , but one still , from an economical standpoint , has to admit that the euro has big flaws ( who may or may not be fixed , btw , depending on your faith in the eu i guess ) . 
  but , it seems like to most pro eu people those big flaws seems like speedbumps that can be fixed with a little tweaking . 
  however , every time i point that out , no matter what fashion i do it in , i get downvoted and people argue about stuff that is so weird to argue about . 
  i mean , love the eu all you want , but arguing that the euro just have minor flaws , or that they do not need to get fixed is just wrong . 
  i do n't care about invisible internet points , but honestly , now i feel like , `` well , if they do n't understand how a single currency affects their economy , not my problem '' . 
  i do not have the energy to explain all the time that fact that the euro is an badly constructed currency . 
  so i ignore those debates more for example which will lead to the `` we love the euro crowd '' is dominating . 
  is n't myrpou thinking of gamla upsala ? 
  i guess it can be argued that it was the equivalent of a capital during the iron age i guess . 
  yes , but his main argument i think is that he just does n't like gay people . 
  i kept on discussing with him because i think he is a hypocrite for coming to my country ( sweden ) , getting his education paid by us , and by us i mean , swedes , normal swedes , like my hard working gay friends , and then tell * us * who we can and ca n't marry . 
  i happen to think that lgbt people should have the same rights as straight people , nothing special , but just the same rights as i have . 
  but do n't take my word for it , read what he wrote . 
  and , yes , i was pissed off as hell and called him a homophobic cunt . 
  i still stand by that btw . 
  the only reason he has that gay people should n't have rights is that he thinks they are yucky and his mommy told him so ...  . 
  but he seems to be civil enough here , so i do n't feel particularly inclined to attack him now . 
  i do not think it civil to come to my country and tell my friends that they are bad for children and ca n't get married . 
  i think that is homophobic and uncivil . 
  since he is a coward , he has since deleted his answers , but have no fear i 've answered him so i 've saved them , sort of . 
  oh , while we are at it , he has several identities as well i belive , and he makes up stories . 
  anyway , here is my answer ( and yes , i was pissed by then ) so you can read part of what he answered . . obviously , it is long , no need to read my answers . 
  and no , i do not dislike romanians , i was just playing his game with him - he did not like that i judged all romanians the same , but he had no problems doing it with gay people . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/futurology/comments/1opew2/list_of_countries_close_to_or_already_facing_long/ccvu59q ), 
  he hates gay people , i know that much . 
  no , he is a homophobe , not a xenophobe . . 
  he thinks that gay people should not be allowed to be married because it ruins marriage for everyone ( according to him , not my argument ) . 
  furthermore , if the state allows them to get married , apparently it is the same thing as if the state promote a homosexual lifestyle ( i have asked what is wrong with a gay lifestyle but he has not answered ) . 
  what more , according to him , if they have kids they will ruin the kids . 
  and , let us not forget his most important argument , `` mommy told me so and i am not changing my mind '' . 
  i 'd like to point out that none of his argument can be backed up by science and he is just another homophobe , but i do n't think he hate hungarian , unless they happens to be gay of course . 
  i think if we saw the outfishing and the damages we have done to the ocean the same way we see it on land , we would n't even consider sponsoring new and better boats , and subsidising fishermen . 
  i am all for conservation . 
  edit : spelling, 
  i think we would be placed lower if you add that it is very difficult to bike half the year and at least in the countryside , the distances are to great . 
  denmark and netherlands are cheating though , they are so flat it is a wo for almost every other country :-) . 
  exactly . 
  our green party and the left want us to leave the eu, 
  well , we do deserve the crises , the anti - establishment parties , the rhetorics etc , for several reasons . 
  for example , a euro gets created with enormous flaws that one have n't even begun to addressed , one way or another . 
  one creates and then ignores treaties one does n't actually deal with the problem , for example immigration . 
  the rise of ant - immigration parties are not just just because we are a bunch of racists , there are real issues that needs to be addressed in a better way . 
  large parts of us are somewhat stupid who expects easy solutions perhaps . 
  last , but not least , our politicians of the established parties have n't exactly bothered with a proper well thought out respond to the issues that the anti-established parties being forth and their rhetoric is sometimes just as bad . 
  not to single him out , but an immediate example is cameron who seems to do populistic moves to respond to demands . 
  in my country sweden the anti-establishment party sd always get singled out as horrible idiots instead of actually arguing with them . 
  i expect that it will win them 5-10 % extra votes in next election . 
  also , i think we will always need some ant-establishment parties . 
  it is never good with 100 % establishment . 
  also , new parties have to start somewhere , it is in their nature that it is outside the establishment . 
   i meant to back you up , not discredit your statement with my reply  ah , sorry i misunderstood . 
   one of the things that was used as evidence for viking presence in north america , was that they found tribes , where people had blue eyes , along with the fact , that genes from a native american woman were in circulation on iceland , and not just in a few persons , but enough for it to have happened a long time ago . 
  interesting , i had no idea . 
  i am not saying that it is n't the classical example and the geist of it is correct , but since there are far more genes involved , at different levels , and they can be carried for generations . 
  eye colours are complex genetically . 
  i have n't had a lot of genetics , just a little , but at university level . 
  i do remember that lecture and actually the picture . 
  evilpeter said it was impossible for first generation offspring to have blond hair and blue eyes . 
  he can not claim that , it is not impossible . 
  i imagine it was impossible for the aboriginies before the europeans came ( since blue eyes are only about 6000 years old ) , or for the native americans , but not now and not for romas . 
  i 'd much rather use the term `` highly unlikely '' . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.espcr.org/micemut/ ) are actually a list ( probably not the lates ) of over 150 genes that can influence hair , eye and skincolour . 
  i did n't mean to say he was wrong , just that he should n't be so categorical . 
  sigh , that is the folkpartiet and cecilia malmstr\u00f6m that i know , that annoys me and i do not vote for . 
  if anyone feel the need to make sure her group has less power next year , her party belongs to * group of the alliance of liberals and democrats for europe * . 
  well , it is a tad more complicated than that . 
  i remember one of my teachers showing us the genes involved with blue eyes ( or , eye colours to be more exact which also started the discussion `` what is blue '' ) , and i think there was at least 30 genes , on different levels . 
  also , a blue eyed gene can show up generations afterwards . 
  however , while it is not impossible , you are correct that it is far , far more unlikely that a child of two roma parents will be blue eyed . 
  not particularely unlikely that two brown eyed swedes get a blue eyed child though , but then you only need to look at the grandparents for that usually . 
  seriously , is this really happening , they are stealing children ? 
  i honestly thought that this was an urban legend . 
  what is homgenity if i may ask ? 
   because they define their own bonuses . 
  but we do n't have bonuse like that in the swedish parlament , and they do the same . 
   and voting and doing their job are different things . 
  sometimes somebody voting is n't doing his job like this case and sometimes a politician is doing his job not voting . 
  no , voting * is * part of their job . 
  not the only part , but an important part . 
  one do not give doctors bonuses for keeping medical records or judges bonuses for writing sentences , even if that is just a part of their job . 
  they should not receive a bonus for voting . 
  can anyone explain to me why they get bonuses for doing their job ? 
  honestly , and some of you want to hand over more money and power to these people . 
  the system is already broken . 
  thanks romania !, 
  how ? 
  even if we take it seriously it is the romanians that have to vote him out . 
  i see what germany is doing and for example the state guarantee minimum social security , health , pensions and they have enormous transfers between bundesl\u00e4nder , that is among other thing a huge problem and a huge point of discussion - ask the germans . 
  if you want a federation you will also have huge permanent transfers - look at germany , look at the us . 
  so what you are saying is that sweden should collect taxes and send them to brussels so that they can guarantee bulgarias healthcare ? 
  or the finns , who pay far more in taxes , should make sure that the portuguese get their pensions . 
  oh , and let us not forget the pooling of debt which in this case means that estonia should pay off the greek debt .
