  he has chosen not to . 
  for god 's sake , the man in 40 , and you are trying to defend him , he writes antisemitic posts every day . 
  and , he has murdered , that is more than `` just not fitting in '' . 
  so , as long as he is a murderer and an antisemite , i will tag him like that . 
   was saying that for a person who has to make a decision that has heavy consequences on someone else 's life . 
  well , that is cryptic - explain . 
  and what does that has to do with varg . 
  yes , they might have information , but frankly , varg seems far to obvious almost to be a terrorist . 
  not that i support him , i just would like to know what information they are acting upon . 
   you should not . 
  blind trust in anything is not a good idea , especially the justice system , even in your country . 
  i 'm only telling you i think you should doubt more , not be so radical about such matters . 
  i do not have a 100 % faith , but far more than i have in you , anonymous stranger . 
  frankly , i wonder why you feel the need to defend a murderer , and antisemite as well . 
  why ? 
   was saying that for a person who has to make a decision that has heavy consequences on someone else 's life . 
  what ? 
  i do n't understand - what on earth are you talking about ? 
  that is good though , planning for the future . 
   i said that a court 's decision is n't based solely on the act itself , and takes various other factors into consideration to determine the sentence . 
  but a court is trained not to do that . 
  he got off lightly 12 out of 21 years to be exact . 
  and the fact that he got 21 years means that the crime was considered especially henious , normally people do not get that in norwegian courts . 
  i trust the norwegians court far , far more than i do an anonymous stranger who claims that there `` might '' be political reasons for it . 
  i guess you are not norwegian btw . 
   you just have to know and understand the person you 're dealing with before taking the decision to ruin the rest of his his life because he 's not a person anymore , but `` a murderer '' , or `` a complete idiot '' . 
  i am hardly ruining the rest of his life by calling him murderer and idiot on reddit - both of them correct by the way . 
  honestly , you can never ever have been on the internet before if you are getting upset that a convicted murderer and right wing person is being called murderer ( which he is ) and idiot ( which he is too ) . 
  and , he is ruining his life and reputation all by himself . 
  please , take a look at and read his blog . 
  [ here ] ( http://thuleanperspective.com/ ) it is . 
  lovely little posts how much the ruins everything , little charts on who is jewish and so on . 
  for you guys with high numbers - we want to import rubbish actually . 
  [ sweden needs more trash ] ( http://newswatch.nationalgeographic.com/2013/01/04/sweden-needs-more-trash/ ) . 
  finland ? 
  germany ? 
  ireland looks promising . 
  frankly , he is a murderer . 
  i do n't care if he is technically free , he is a murderer and a complete idiot . 
  have you read his blog ? 
  do you agree with his ideas . 
   but you have to know the sentence he got could as well have been influenced by the kind of person he is , or he might represent , or he maybe he got an `` example sentence '' , as a message . 
  proof please . 
  the courts in norway do not work that way , so i need proof for that statement . 
   i do n't get racists , should n't you be slightly less obvious i do n't think intelligence is a characteristic feature among the white supremasists really . 
  well , according to varg , muslims are jews . 
  you can read about it in [ this ] ( http://thuleanperspective.files.wordpress.com/2013/06/nws9gtv.png ) lovely little post . 
  and , quite likely , discover that you are jewish too . 
  his paranoia is really making it hard for him . 
  i mean , hating jews is one thing - how many are there , 20 or 30 millions ? 
  but hating all muslims and christians too ( since we are jewish too according to him ) that is really a bit much . 
  i just think he might have bitten of a tad more than he can chew . 
   such manifestations of anti-semitism increasingly seem to be some form of paranoid delusion , yes , i know . 
  i read his lovely post , `` what sort of jew are you '' . 
  aparently i belong to the ( for the rest of the world ) little known branch of the jewish tree , called lutherans ... 
  you are completely wrong . 
  europe and france are under the control of reptile aliens of course . 
  the jews , as well as the muslims and the christians are just tools used by the iluminati to make us humans fight so that the aliens can control us . 
  of course not all of them - you will never ever have 100 % apart from in dictatorships like north korea , but ( where you might have 110 % ) , but as long a majority does , that is all that matter . 
  of the palestinians , mind you . 
  actually do not know if all the palestinians are arabs , but i guess you mean people who are palestinians . 
  i think some have , but varg is probably the old fashioned type . 
  why would it matter ? 
  should palestinians be denied a country because yemenites do not like israel ? 
  [ here ] ( http://thuleanperspective.com/ ) is his blog in anyone want to get a bit of insight into his mind . 
  hint - he is not overly fond of jews . 
  two good swedish documentaries that can probably be found online with english subtitles are [ searching for sugar man ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/searching_for_sugar_man ) - won an oscar and [ bananas ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bananas !, 
  i know he served his sentence - does n't mean i 'd like him in my country . 
  and - apparently the court in norway did n't believe it was self defence or are you honestly telling me they give 21 years for sells defence . 
  i am sure the court papers are online , so could you please back up your statement with the official trial papers that proved it was self defence then ? 
  ( as a swede i can read norwegian ) . 
  second - what does wife and kids have to do with anything ? 
  half of the lifers in sweden has them . 
  women seem to have an endless love ( combined with a lack of protection ) for assholes . 
  really ? 
  i hoped there was someone out there who had some sense . 
  perhaps japan or australia ? 
  iceland ? 
   yes , i do n't see what your issue is with taxpayers receiving funds unequally . 
  because they do not seem to work . 
  spain is in worse shape than ever and all they have to show for it is empty roads and airports . 
  i want my money to work - apparently they could have been put to better use somewhere else , or why is spain is such a bad shape . 
  furthermore , you have not answered for how long my tax money is going to pay for it ? 
  20 more years ? 
  countries like korea have pulled themselves out of poverty in that time , but spain is still on the receiving end . 
  i think it is a real danger ( like with aid ) that countries stop trying to fund their own roads ( in this case , in case of africa it might be schools ) and just wait for the eu to do it . 
  it seems to be the case since apparently all countries need eu money for infrastructure . 
  why do n't they think of it themselves ? 
  if it worked , we would n't still be pooring money on them , 30 years later . 
  i think the english word is complacency . 
  furthermore , in the case of greece , it has just been helping them to sustain an economy that do not work . 
   the role of the european government should be to promote prosperity and cooperation . 
  a stimulus could have required minimal treaty change if it was agreed unanimously by the states . 
  no , it would require a treaty change . 
  second , i do n't agree that should be the role . 
  third - i have seen how the eu has handled finances , both when it comes stuff like bail outs , bank saves but also investements . 
  i 'd take my government over the eu any day thank you . 
  or , could you please explain to me who , in god 's name , does n't take collateral for bank saves for example and let the banks get a free card , pushing all the costs to the tax payers ? 
  furthermore - if the investements work , why are the countries that have been on the receiving end no where near becoming a net contributor ? 
  or , , are you saying greece and portugal are close ?
