  what in detail , is wrong with our mental health care , housing etc. 
  and you use words as `` probably '' . 
  i want to see academic studies that says and guarantees it . 
  i have access to academic journals , please link . 
  you still have n't answered what is wrong with the welfare in sweden . 
  details and links please . 
  they `` think '' it will be financed ? 
  so they have no fucking clue ? 
  furthermore - my country have the second highest taxes in the world and you say you want to raise them more . 
  honestly - how high are you going to tax is then ? 
  and what taxes ? 
  i think the idea is idiotic and no one seem to have any fucking clue what they are talking about . 
  if they did , i would have the answers to my questions . 
  but a ) that does n't answer my questions b ) why c ) how would you finance it d ) we have basic income , we do take care of people 's needs i 'd like those answers , with regards to sweden , in detail . 
  ok , can you tell me which people do n't survive and have a minimum standard in my country , sweden . 
  in detail please . 
  furthermore , i 'd like for you to go into detail on how the basic income would change the situation for those living in welfare and are homeless . 
  i agree . 
  however , i 'd also like a discussion on the prejudice from the roma side . 
  i do n't think the roma situation is 100 % the fault of the non romas , which is a picture the roma defenders seem to love to paint . 
  the only controversy i see is that it is hard to top that , that is what is upsetting . 
  perhaps if one has an intersexual dwarf in a bikini ? 
  i would love to see pastafarians in the turkish parlament . 
  btw , a pastafarian did the same in the czech republic . 
  do n't mention the war !, 
  we have [ esrange ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/esrange ) a rocket range and research center outside of kiruna . 
  perhaps that is what you mean . 
  kiruna also have an international radarstation and i also think some sort of astronomy watching thing - it is good to watch stars from there , one do not get disturbed by lights ... . 
   you 're a troll , right ? 
  the world is not nearly in the dire place you imagine it to be . 
   what ? 
  please start getting more specific . 
  sources would be nice . 
  seriously , you are also a troll right ? 
  do you have access to academic journals ? 
  do you want me to bombard you with articles on the mass extinction we are currently in , scientific ones - not value ones . 
  i am an enviromental science student - this is what i do . 
  but , i 'll just start with the ipcc science report . 
  how can that * not * be dire if the world leading scientist says that it is ? 
  please answer me that . 
  how can that not be ruining the planet ? 
  i am a scientist - i i happen to believe 100 % in the ipcc reports and the situation is serious . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.ipcc.ch/publications_and_data/publications_and_data.shtml#.unkrv1msizw ) is the ipcc webpage btw . 
  you can download all the reports . 
  i honestly do n't know which one of the reports you deny , but please be specific about the reports you deny , and support your claim link with sources ( from academic journals please ) . 
  i honestly do not even know where to start when you say it is not serious , and not ruining the planet . 
  it is as we live on different planets , or maybe you are one of those christians in the us who think all is bogus . 
   scientists are already discussing the possibility of cloning mammoths in the near future , which have been extinct for 10,000 years , so yes it will be possible no , we can not , for a lot of reasons . 
  first , we are not just loosing animals , like the mammoth or the tiger . 
  every day we are loosing thousands of small living things , like bacteria , amoebas , fishes , worms , insects , tiny one cell animals , that we do n't have the dna of , and we will never ever have . 
  and do n't even get me started on the plants that we loose every day . 
  so , not even * if * we could clone , which we really ca n't ( for a lot of reasons i 'll happily will go into if you want ) , that does n't help for 99,9 % of species that we have no dna of . 
  until you answer me on the science and the academic journals i guess normal articles will have to do about mass extinction . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.bbc.com/future/story/20121101-a-looming-mass-extinction ) [ here ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/03/03/sixth-mass-extinction_n_830947.html ) [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holocene_extinction ) . 
   i do n't think the planet will be ruined . 
  oh , ffs , are you a climate change denier ? 
  do you know that we are changing the climate forever , and that we are making the first , man made mass extinction of animals ? 
  what sort of person are you that denies that ? 
  and * please * tell me how you are going to return those extinct animals to life , with your advances . 
  please , you can start with simple stuff , just tell me how to fix the baltic sea . 
  seriously , i ca n't even discuss with climate change deniers , and people who denies that there is a mass extinction going on . 
  it is one thing that you are so lost that you do n't realise how self centered you are when you call the romas primite , but this . 
  humans beings , at this moment , are eradicating animals and species that we will never can get back . 
  you can not fix that with science and the fact that you are denying that is horrendous . 
  shame on you , shame one you !, 
  please , explain to me how it is not primitive to ruin the planet ? 
  objectively of course . 
  no , it is n't dead on accurate , and frankly is is so western centric of you not to even grasp that simple fact . 
  it is sad that you do n't have a clue . 
  i think it is extremely primitive to live in a way so that one deplete natures recourses and harm the climate . 
  that is the western world , and i consider that primitive ( and i am a part of it btw ) . 
  how can it be otherwise , it is so , so stupid to live like that , so - primitive . 
  so , do n't say by virtually any metric , say by your metric . 
  it is not objective !, 
  stop saying that it is . 
  are you saying that the western culture is the only objective culture ? 
  and yes , one do not usually use value words like `` primitive '' when describing a culture , since that is just that - a value , and nothing objective at all . 
  and yes , i expected the ny times to know that . 
  cool , thanks . 
  you are defining it out of a western context , a western dictionary . 
  that is * not * objective . 
  with your definition people that live in the rainforest are primitive . 
  however , i certainly think we can question that . 
  i think a society that make their children fat , outfishes the oceans , put people in jail for life , torture , ruin the climate etc is a primitive society . 
  again , do you have an objective definition that r/anthropology will accept ? 
  so define primitive - in detail and objectively please . 
  oh , brilliant , and where do you draw that line ? 
  in detail please . 
  if you are fine with that i guess you are fine with rich western couples just coming and `` adopting '' children ( against a minor fee perhaps ? ) . 
  or just anyone can do that really if you think it is ok , i guess . 
  and how the duck are you guaranteeing the safety of the children then . 
  and are you ok with lying to authorities ? 
  exactly , but rome was never the eastern roman empire really , that is why i was confused . 
  thanks . 
  complex - are the italian tax laws very complex compared to the germans for example ? 
  what is byzantine tax laws ? 
  because they are not the legal parents ? 
  they fucking bought her . 
  they are of course welcome to go through with a legal adoption . 
  as a society we should not accept trading in children .
