  yes , they are really interesting . 
  \u00d6tzi was fascinating too . 
  yes , and it has already been shown that the us use the nsa for industrial spying , so of course they would use this . 
  why do n't you have any bog bodies ? 
  or do you have them and i just have n't heard about them ? 
  i like bog bodies . 
  well , yes , you are right but i was referring to sweden . 
  it is good that europe is reforesting again though . 
  no , so much forest and water . 
   in which they pay off all their creditors other than german banks maybe ? 
  they ca n't . 
  they have a debt/gdp ratio of 160 % i believe ( or is it 170 % ) . 
  the have to do like argentina or something . 
   germany in particular will suffer greatly . 
  germany will suffer more * because * they have tried to save greece , but they will manage . 
  had greece just defaulted immediately , germany could have saved their own banks , they can afford it . 
  however , they have loaned greece money that they never will get back , not to mention that greece owes every euro country money , not just the money we see , but also through target 2 , several hundred billions . 
  they have also aided the greek banks . 
  personally i think greece should have defaulted in 2009 , this is just prolonged suffering for no reason really . 
  then they would have had their own faith in their hands . 
  well , then it is still on the americans . 
  if they ca n't even be bothered to vote ... 
  president king . 
  it would be a fun name though . 
   here 's another perspective : the u.s. constitution is very difficult to change because it is not meant to be changed unless a huge majority of the population agrees on it . 
  like ours then . 
  it does n't mean it ca n't be change . 
  just that one need several elections and a huge majority . 
  most countries have it that way . 
  however , most of us does n't run around worshipping the constitution or speak about the people who wrote it like they were gods on earth . 
  i think that attitude is what really makes it so difficult to change it . 
  americans do not see it as a document , a piece of paper that every country has and need , but as something more . 
  it is `` a legacy from our founding fathers '' , `` greatest piece of legaslation ever written '' , `` the foundation for our freedom '' and other strange things like that . 
   i think you 're confusing the constitution with just our laws generally . 
  i mean both . 
  in sweden we had laws and/or constitution for example . 
  i think in the 14th century they were just the same , gathered in a book . 
  one did n't separate them in two `` different '' forms about structure and sharing of power until way later . 
  i think they are about how one elects king and how much one is fined for murder for example . 
  hitler was the leader of the biggest party , it was not really strange that he became chancellor . 
  it is is called a minority government , and we are having one at the moment ( no other comparisons ) . 
  after that however , i do n't say it was democratic , but it somewhat started out that way . 
  i am pretty sure you say `` the french '' , not the socialist french , just like you say `` the germans '' when you should say cdu and `` the english '' when you mean the tories . 
  come on , we are a tad upset , we are not going to bother with distinctions :-) . 
  i must be very frustrating being a sensible american sometimes . 
  that is probably true , but you seem to have a lot of those idiots at the moment . 
  your government was just shut down , and it is not just people in michigan to blame for that , or for spying on us . 
  i understand fools , and idiots . 
  we have them too , a lot of them actually . 
  i just do n't think it is a good idea to stock the congress/parlament/senat with them . 
  exactly , this is ( unfortunately ) the feeling i have as well . 
  i prefer when they ( politicians ) are not religious . 
   how can we change the constitution ? 
  our system does n't allow it . 
  change the system then ? 
  i do n't know , i think it is rather silly to have a piece of paper and never really change it . 
  frankly , i am a european , trust me on this , if we started to use our old laws and systems ... ... well , let me just say it would not work out well , at all ( but i might be able to kill you with a sword without any problems ) . 
  that is why one makes changes in the constitution . 
  or at least stop voting for idiots and claim that corporations are people . 
   he 's trying to garner support from the islamist crowd while simultaneously trying to appear as if he is still sticking with the secularist principles of the turkish republic and the eu , and failing to do both . 
  that sounds like a politician ... howver , he has always struck me as religious . 
   it has lead to a two party system that is now inescapable . 
  which is terrible as both parties have devolved into neoliberal , corporate shills . 
  but it has worked before , it is not working very well at the moment , i admit that . 
  the problem is that you guys do not want to change the constitution i belive . 
   i know , but far to few of you vote and enough of the retards do . 
  we are not surprised but what they have done , but it rather rich to ask us to be grateful for it . 
  no , and these guys are the moderate bunch , those who are savy and care about things like diplomacy for example . 
  even if they are going to continue , they can at least pretend to be sorry ... . 
  he is defending it with another congressman , pete king who says  `` the president should stop apologizing , stop being defensive . 
   `` the reality is the nsa has saved thousands of lives , not just in the united states but also in france and germany and throughout europe . 
  so guys , we should just stop whining , they are only saving us ... [ link ] ( http://www.buenosairesherald.com/article/143833/two-republican-congressmen-defend-us-spying-abroad ) . 
  i think he is running for president in 2016 . 
  both he and rogers are moderate republicans btw . 
  has n't erdogan said that his goal is to make turkey more islamic ? 
  ah , thanks . 
  and we expect them to cooperate in the ep ? 
  how ? 
  no , but the first monday of every month at 15.00 the warning sirens sounds ( in case of a chemical leak , invasion etc ) . 
  if i had to move permanently , then i guess norway . 
  however , i have lived abroad and would n't mind doing it again . 
  and , for the experience i 'd rather it would be different , so no northern europe right now i am leaning towards spain and/or russia . 
  perhaps turkey . 
  not by the left that i assume frivillig belong too . 
  i doubt that he has been anywhere else though for a long time if he consider that we are the uk or have no health care . 
   now , i reckon we should start with people from your ilk . 
  why ? 
  what have i and my ilk done ? 
  what ilk am i ? 
   an analysis of the malm\u00f6 police gypsie-registry has show that about half were criminals . 
  and that it was n't really a gypsy registry to begin with . 
  it was a register over organised crime and the connection between the criminals . 
  in this case they happened to be roma . 
  brilliant idea , really . 
  we can start with surveilling them and there ilk , they seem very intolerant of other peoples opinions . 
  the last king that had someone executed was perhaps gustav iii . 
  possibly karl xiv . 
  the fact that he might have done that and we have a symbolic head of state has absolutely nothing to do with the fact that today , serbia decides to honour a man whos murders people can still remember , people who lived throught them . 
  i do n't care if the mongolians honour djingis khan , or the italians julius caesar , who killed a million gauls . 
  the fact , that you are obviouly so bloody ignorant that you do n't even understand that you are honoring something that is not * just * an historical figure like caesar , but a dictator that lived recently and can be remembered .
