  my granddaughter , who does n't exist , will pay for greece , i am sure of it . 
  why not say that 25 years are max or so ? 
  how is the politics in the south such a colossal failure and for how long should i pay for that ? 
   do you understand the ramifications of leaving the eu ? 
  you 're absolutely free to do so at any time , but you do realize tha the eu is trying to take over more and more . 
  i have seen what they have done with the cap - it is inefficient , environmental unfriendly and hurtful and discriminating to swedes . 
  i am not sticking around to see what they will fuck up next . 
  and , more integration means more of our tax money flowing south , to countries who are far more corrupt and of course will vote for us paying for them , without them chaning of course . 
  just like the cap . 
  i mean , it is obvious - if the eu investments worked , spain , portugal and greece should be net contributors by now , should n't they ? 
  if the funds and all the money we poured in there worked - why are they not contributing ? 
   so if you 're unhappy , direct your anger at your national government , because they are the ones screwing over sweden , and no one else . 
  no , they are aginst the cap , among other things . 
  that is 44 % of the budget btw . 
  they are not screwing us over , the eu is . 
  please inform me how 9 million swedes alone can change the cap ? 
  also inform me , for how many decades we will have to be discriminated and hurt by it ? 
  how can that be good for us ? 
  and , why should we take it when the eu * could * fix it , they just refuse to ? 
   here is no transfer of money from one country to another . 
  you have not transferred a cent to other countries . 
  whatever money has flowed from sweden to another country was agreed to by your national government or representatives . 
  if you do n't like it , blame your national government , no one else . 
  are you kidding ? 
  who pays for greece if not the north ? 
  does those cap money comes from thin air ? 
  or the regional funds ? 
   i 'm sorry , but you 're going to have to start citing sources for this tobacco argument . 
  cap funds go towards a lot of things . 
  it 's possible that some of the money destined for small farmers goes towards farmers growing tobacco , but there is absolutely no preference for tobacco over other crops . 
  we should n't sponsor tobacco and wine at all . 
  period . 
  how is that beneficial to sweden btw ? 
  [ here is one link , how `` unfair '' it was when the eu cut those subsidies , but did n't remove them ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/09/23/eu-agriculture-tobacco-idusl5n0hj30320130923 ) . 
  do yo want more ? 
   the eu can not change immediately . 
  it requires 28 countries which are quite different one from the other to agree on something to change it . 
  bull.some of the changes , that are right , are very easy to make . 
  for example , give me a good argument that we have sponsored tobacco for deceades ? 
  do n't have one - well , we could have removed that one from the books ages ago - * if * the eu wanted to do the right thing . 
  however , they do n't apparently , since it is still there . 
   in france , a small newspaper , minute , made an article on the gay lobby in their far-right party . 
  the gay lobby in the national front ? 
  what do they think about gay people btw ? 
   nowhere have i ever done any such thing . 
  quote the post for me . 
  no , i am not going to go through your or my posts , since forever . 
  but i remember it was about `` skogsbete '' and you defended the current cap which discriminate swedes and finns on it , and even blamed it on us , `` we should have negotiated better '' . 
  it is discrimination , blatant discrimination and to defend the current cap and the blatant discrimination we are facing , is fucking racist . 
  so , now - * please go * . 
  i will never ever answer you again . 
  so , if you want an answer from me - new identity . 
  i have also hidden your comments , so i ca n't even read them . 
  realise that i will never ever write to you again and learn to live with it . 
   i made the same argument emergency_poncho made , that maybe sweden was willing to give up some ground on the cap in exchange for benefit elsewhere , and if sweden did n't do any such thing then maybe they should 've sent better eu negotiators . 
  apparently this makes me racist . 
  no , you defend sweden being * discriminated * against , in an argument from several months ago . 
  that is why i call you a racist . 
  you defend discrimination , which is disgusting . 
  every form of discrimination is bad , and should cease immediately . 
  that is not the same thing as `` win some/loose some '' , which is normal . 
  discrimination is outside of that . 
  so , what makes you a fucking racist is that you defend discrimination . 
   again , i never said this . 
  i said that maybe sweden loses in the cap , but gains in other areas . 
  yes you have . 
  you have defended the cap , its size , how it is done etc since , well , forever . 
  it is not beneficial to sweden . 
  as for gain in other areas - well , norway and switserland are surviving fairly well , and they do n't have to sponsor the idiotic cap . 
   regardless , there is no singular point in the cap , the cap has a number of different purposes . 
  not unemployment benefits , which is what you are trying to make it in to . 
  anyway , if it is going to be used for that , we should vote about it , not get it squeezed in to the back door . 
   it 's not good governance to defund tobacco growers in a country ( greece ) that 's already undergoing a massive economic crisis . 
  greece 's , and the euro countries problem , not connected to cap . 
  let them fix it , why should i be forced to sponsor tobacco because they are incompetent and are trying to take more money from me . 
  they should never had received * anything * for tobacco , and it is bad government to keep something like that on the books for decades . 
  * that * is truly bad government . 
  the fact that you do n't even reflect over how bad it is keeping something like that on the books for decades tells me a lot of how truly subsidising/discriminating/masturbating you are . 
   interesting , it 's amusing that you also chose to address that i 've already corrected you regarding wine subsidies multiple times . 
  i do n't think wine , wine growing in any form or anything should be subsidised , but i know you do . 
  i have a hard time coming up with stuff you do n't want to subsidise , with swedish money of course . 
  and , i do n't find you amusing , and i have repeatedly told you to stop addressing me , but apparently you ca n't stop . 
  i do n't like fucking racists , and you are one . 
  stop adressing me , i never address you . 
  i will not ask you not to be a stupid racist shit , because people like you ca n't change , all i want is for you to stop writing to me . 
  apparently you ca n't even stop that . 
   if it was speaking alone , sweden would have only been able to achieve a tiny fraction of what it has been able to do through the eu . 
  we have to back down on envionmental issues due to the eu , and things that we champion , are being ignored . 
  the eu is not interested in doing what is right , not at all . 
  if they were , things woud be different . 
   also , i 'm not an expert on sweden , but i know that it does have some exceptions to the cap rule . 
  i am aware that sweden is one of the many critics of cap , saying it ought to be reformed . 
  sweden is fighting to have a greater proportion of cap funds be dedicated to improving sustainable farming techniques , help developing countries , increase environmentalism , etc. . . as opposed to merely using the money to subsidize small farmers . 
  sweden is slowly having an effect , and influencing how the money is spent . 
  slowly ? 
  we have been in the eu since 1995 and the eu is willfully trying * not * to improve . 
  why did one sponsor wine and tobacco for starters ? 
  at all ? 
  no reason whatsoever , apart from squeezing money from the north . 
  it have been known for ages that tobacco is damaging for example , since before eu was founded .
