  it is a trick , do n't fall for it . 
  before you know it we will be drinking beer , eating sm\u00f6rrebr\u00f6d , prata om hygge and ridning our bikes everywhere . 
  on the other hand , that might not be so bad ... hmm , off to to a proper forrest to drink some vodka and talk to an elk . 
  where is ernst hugo when you need him ? 
  but i thought poland was doing fairly well ? 
  why have people lost hope there ? 
  true , the languages are so similar that it is hard to separate them . 
  my aunt ( tante/moster ) is danish and i think one of her friends told her she speaks swedish/danish now . 
  i thinks she speaks swedish but with a strong danish accent . 
  basically she has lost her danish after 40 years here , but she still has the accent . 
  no , sm\u00f6rg\u00e5sbord is a swedish word . 
  it means a variety of dishes , not just different sorts of bread . 
  why not shared custody ? 
  no , really , since the 17th century i do n't think you 've won anything . 
  but wait , maybe 2100 is your century to win sk\u00e5ne back , and march towards stockholm :-) . 
  or , we can team up and take norway and finland ... . . 
   the whole idea of purifying pain is something i find repugnant and not based on reality . 
  i do n't know if i believe in puryfying pain , seems rather oldfashioned idea , but i do belive ( on a personal level mind you ) in that one should sometimes feel guilt for what one has done , and generally try to fix things then . 
  i think it works on several levels , one acknowledges that one has fucked up , and one gets to fix things . 
  both smart . 
  i do n't believe in shame though . 
  guilt is for things you have done - we have all fucked up . 
  shame is for what you * are * . 
  that is just wrong and counter productive . 
  no one can change that , and should n't . 
   the problem is that you take the fucked up system and you use it as a justification for the current suffering . 
  the problem with you is that you take the ( very ) bad effect from the euro , the most imperfect of currencies , and attribute it to other eurostates , in the belief that they are trying to make you suffer . 
  believe me , the finns are not trying to make more of the greeks unemployed , nor are the dutch wanting greek children to go hungry . 
  the huge unemployement numbers that is the far biggest issue ( i mean , if everyone had a job to go to and each family two salaries , things would be far , far better in greece ) is not due to the austerity , but due to the effects of the euro . 
  that is what happens when too diverse economies join in one currency . 
  you could see this in the merging of the two germanys as well , in the early 90 's . 
  however , even if you had the same unemployment numbers there in parts of the ( former ) ddr , the german state balanced that by a ) keeping a social safety net and paying for schools , hospitals , pensions etc b ) enormous investments c ) keeping the banks/paying off ddr 's debt etc d ) more ddr people moving none of that is happening in greece , nor will it , which is one of the many reason i think greece should leave euro . 
  that however , is the absolutely biggest reason for the greek suffering , not the austerity measures . 
   `` greece is fucked up , therefore the greeks deserve all the suffering they are getting now that is the problem again . 
  greece * is * fucked up , and you need to fix those part of your society , in or outside of the euro - corrupt societies are notoriously bad at being competitive and working . 
  * but * a lot of the suffering comes from being in the euro . 
  that is not a punishment , that is a choice ( bad one , in my opition ) you have made . 
  you are punishing yourself . 
  so , leave . 
   e have reached the point that a lot of people are not paying their taxes because they ca n't afford it . 
  do you have any idea what that means ? 
  hmm - we do n't have that system , since our most basic taxes are paid before i get my salary , so no , i do n't . 
  your system seems very weird to me . 
  as to my understanding , the greeks choose not to build up a system like us , since the greeks did n't want to pay taxes . 
  the average 50 year old greek have paid far , far , less in taxes ( and still does btw ) than the average dutch or finn in his/her lifetime . 
  so , i do n't really see the pain of taxes in greece . 
  it seems to me like you think of taxes differently than we do . 
  what kind of service do you expect when you pay little in taxes , and a notorious for cheating on them ? 
  what state do you think can be built for that ? 
  that said , i know the greeks are suffering , but i think a majority of that suffering do not come from the austerity measures ( that frankly , greece , have n't been the best to follow through on anyway ) but from the internal devaluation which follows the euro ( which is crap , as i have said ) . 
   there are three problems here . 
  one is corruption . 
  the current political elites are very corrupt and they wo n't throw out their supporters even if they 're also corrupt and inefficient . 
  so , fight it . 
  nothing will change until the greeks start doing that . 
  anyway - the logic that you should not fire anyone because you have such corrupt politicians hardly stands . 
   third , there 's a humanitarian aspect . 
  greece is currently almost completely lacking a social safety net . 
  so , these `` undesirables '' , instead of being given a new chance at life , they are marginalised and pauperised . 
  if greece want to pay for inefficient people , that is fine . 
  you have been doing that for decades . 
  however , when you * have * promised to fire people , you should keep you promises . 
  furthermore , as long as you are paying for them with other peoples money ( finnish people for example ) i honestly do n't see how you can justify keeping people . 
  the greek and the greek society seems very strange to me . 
  it seems like everyone cheats on everyone , from politicians , to bribing the tax man . 
  there is no faith in society , and institutions . 
  i guess that is fine if the greeks want it that way , but then one should realise it is extremely hard to compete with and function as a highly industrialised nation . 
  i guess , one has to choose . 
  one ca n't have it both ways . 
  my suggestion is to start paying taxes , fight the corruption and leave the euro . 
   quite many things could be a reason . 
  yes , but you can not discount it . 
   it 's whole another matter to demonstrate that they actually are and to what extent . 
  it seems like we are discussing in circles . 
  of course the finnish economy could be completely unrelated to the euro , as well , but i doubt it . 
  i do not know of any economy that is not correlated to their currency , do you ? 
  so , at least to some extent , the finnish economy is related to the euro , that is a fact . 
  what more , it seems we need to evaluate how much the currency is related to the economy . 
  have you seen studies evaluating the euro in finland ? 
  i mean , you have had it for over 10 years now a lot of people in finland ( and elsewhere ) must be interested . 
  do you know of any studies ? 
   its wrong to kill ? 
  are you saying that it is n't ? 
   ordinary swedish men have been going to war as long as there has been a sweden . 
  yes , so ? 
  does that mean that it is right to believe in a war for islam and go down to fight and kill infidels ? 
  have you read the interviews , or listened to the interviews with some of these people ? 
  do you know what they want ? 
   correlation is not causation - just because finland has the euro does not make it the reason for a double-dipper . 
  no , of course not , but it * could * be the reason , could n't it ? 
  correlation might very be causation . 
  and , frankly , it is not like i am trying to correlate something way off scale , like the finnish economy and yoghurt consumption in south africa . 
  i am correlating your currency with your economy . 
  i think it would be extremely weird if your economy was not related to your currency . 
  how would that be ? 
  i ca n't even think of an econonmy where there are not related - can you ? 
  so , obviously the finnish economy is related to the finnish currency , i can just not say how much . 
   i said in case of finland there 's many reasons for that loss competitiveness , and some of those may or may not be similar to uk . 
  does n't it make more sense to compare your economy with the swedish one ? 
  why are you comparing it to the uk ?
