  ahem , one of the reasons i am a bit ... apprehensive about the eu . 
  not the individuals , but the system ...  i think overall , it is not so much about what you do right but about what you do n't do wrong . 
  exactly - you got it . 
  that is what i meant with the fact that you can get a long way being middle class who is not corrupt . 
   the system works because you trust in it . 
  exactly , that is what i meant with the comparative lack of corruption ( we do have corruption , but in comparison to other countries it feels a bit ... tame ) . 
  i said that in another answer - i might not agree with our politicians , but i actually respect most of them , in a sort of `` they might be my neighbour sort of way '' . 
  i honestly do n't think they are corrupt , or actually that smart/dumb . 
  maybe that is the way to go - elect the average middle class . 
   the nordic countries dodged a lot of bullets on our way to democracy yes , we did , but we had a lot of shit as well . 
  at least sweden ( + finland ) were the poorest among nations during most of its existance . 
  i vividly remember one my history teacher telling me how the swedish kings had to ( in comparison to the continent ) settle for however they got as a wife - no one really wanted to send their daughter up there :-) . 
   reading international news really makes you appreciate our politicians though - most other countries seem to only get corrupt and incompetent leaders , but i can respect virtually all of the danish one i agree with you . 
  i might not agree with them , but i do n't think most of them are corrupt assholes - i am ok even with the ones i disagree with.i think that is a huge advantage . 
  same as i said in the other thread ... 
  i am slightly proud i suppose ( i am swedish ) but we are hardly perfect in any way ( but we do tend just to be slightly happy every time we get mentioned in a positive way ) . 
  one question that rises however is really - what is the rest of the world doing then ? 
  it is not that we are really doing anything odd and innovative , it is just that it seems to work a tad more in the nordic countries . 
  i mean , our politicians are not the smartest , we do not work the hardest etc. 
  it seems like we are some sort of middle class successfull . 
  one of the keys i think perhaps is the ( comparative ) lack of corruption . 
  that means that while things are not perfect , you can at least trot along , not hating everybody , and not being hampered at every step . 
  i am slightly proud i suppose ( i am swedish ) but we are hardly perfect in any way ( but we do tend just to be slightly happy every time we get mentioned in a positive way ) . 
  one question that rises however is really - what is the rest of the world doing then ? 
  it is not that we are really doing anything odd and innovative , it is just that it seems to work a tad more in the nordic countries . 
  i mean , our politicians are not the smartest , we do not work the hardest etc. 
  it seems like we are some sort of middle class successfull . 
  one of the keys i think perhaps is the ( comparative ) lack of corruption . 
  that means that while things are not perfect , you can at least trot along , not hating everybody , and not being hampered at every step . 
  i have no idea . 
  media concentration perhaps ? 
  it is not like we have a lot of journalists in prison . 
   it is not discriminating , paying someone less because of variables outside his/hers control , like height , eye colour , skin colour , sex , age or geography , is discrimination . 
  i am very sad that you do not see that . 
   sweden can give up some of its cap payments in favour to france and gain in another area of negotiation such as trade liberalization in other areas you still do n't get it do you ? 
  we are 27 countries , and if we have one agricultural policy , that policy should be * fair * . 
  it is not * fair * when you have vairables in there , that makes no point at all for the cost or the end product . 
  instead of telling swedes ( lithuanians , poles etc ) to negotiate better , why not ask yourself why the eu is n't striving or even attempting to have a fair cap ? 
  should n't that be the goal , and those who fight against a fair cap , should be the bad guys ? 
  why are you defending what * is * discrimination , and makes no sense , for either a consumer , tax payers or just anyone who strives towards a fair world ? 
  why not ask the french why fairness is out of the question ? 
  the amount of trees when grazing as a variable , makes no sense at all , as long as the cows are fed well , outside the same amount of time etc. 
  if it is a variable one ca n't change ( like the geography of sweden ) and has no bearing on the outcome - it * is * discrimination to have it there . 
  it makes just as much sense to have it there as a clause that says anyone under 180 centimeters will get paid less . 
  that would be obvious discrimination too . 
  in that case you would never blame the swedes/eastern europe etc for not negotiating well , you would say - fuck the french that put that clause in . 
  it is blatant discrimination , and has no bearing on the prodcut . 
  so , why ca n't you say that about other variables that makes no sense ? 
  at the end of the day , i want a sustainable , fair , agricultural policy . 
  i want the policy to pay pay attention to what matters , like environmental issues , how the cow lives , the quality of the meat , and a billion other things , that i am sure i have forgotten . 
  i do not want to pay attention too , nor do i want to pay for , variables that does n't matter . 
  above all , i do not want to discriminate anybody , not even the french . 
  and , at the end of the day that is what is happening . 
  the swedish farmer , get paid less , for the exact same product , because of a variable that has no bearing on the outcome . 
  that , my friend , if you have n't realised it , is discrimination . 
  and , that is horrible , and should always be fought against , wherever one sees it . 
   that 's not what i damn well said and you know it . 
  you said it was * our * fault . 
  that is so fucking mean , and discriminating . 
  it is n't - and you should well know it . 
  the `` geist '' / spirit of the cap is ( for example ) that one should get x amount of money for having x amount of cows on x amount of land and producing y kilos of meat . 
  however , the french , have made sure that they have put in other variables , that * other countries have no possibility of living up to - purely based on geography . 
  sweden have to much forest , we have no choice , actually . 
  i can understand why the variable came there in the first place , but refusing to change it , is discriminating . 
  or - you could just explain why the swedish farme , producing * the exact same thing * as his french counterpart , in the * exact same way * where the only variable is a number of trees , is less worthy of money than the french farmer . 
  how dare you blame the swedish farmer - how dare you ? 
  why not blame the french who refuses to change that variable ? 
  why are you blaming the victim ? 
  so , yes , instead of saying that the sensible , fair and logical thing to do is to change the variable , so it fits everybody ( and the variable makes no sense ) , instead you blame sweden . 
  yes , that * is * an asshole thing to do . 
  you are blaming the victim of the discrimination ? 
  do you always do that ? 
  why are you defending discrimination ? 
  do you think discrimination is ok ? 
  why are swedes ( and finns , poles ) etc such sub humans , that we are not entiteled to the same money , for the exact same product . 
  why are we not good enough ? 
  why is it ok to discriminate against us ? 
  you are a big boy , i am sure you will live :-) . 
  however , you know , as well as i do , that sweden is being discriminated against . 
  i have a hard time understanding that anyone , anywhere , can defend discrimination . 
  you defend discrimination of a lot of people , which i find weird since you otherwise seem articulate and certainly not dense . 
  i wonder in what other ways you defend discrimination , and why you actually moved to sweden . 
  i mean , you think it is ok that we have less right ( yes , and one definition of rights is that one should have the same fair chance at money etc ) than some other european countries . 
  i guess you find us less worthy or something . 
  that is why i do n't understand why you live here . 
  if we are less worthy than the french - why did you move here and not to france ? 
   the french should be free to shoot themselves in the foot and do just this , but never to force the whole eu into doing the same !, 
  yes !, 
  but at the moment they are forcing me not only to support the french , but also to discriminate against 90 % of europe !!!, 
  i do not like discrimination . 
   i would n't say i hate but i fully reject cap and other ludicrous breaches of the free-market system due to the pressure of interest groups such as the farmers in this case . 
  well , i agree with you ( if i can get over my hatred against the current cap ) . 
  i think we should slowly go over to a free market system , but i do understand that we would completely loose ... 
  so in the end , i can understand * some * subsidies . 
  not however , to the point they are now . 
  and certainly not , aimed towards the french . 
   it 's why i 'm so vocal against this type of nonsense , because most people do n't have any idea of the costs of these and think these are either free or are not coming out of his pocket !, 
  it 's more of the same , people who do n't have any idea of how the system works . 
  true !, 
   as bastiat put it , government is the great fiction through which everybody endeavours to live at the expense of everybody else .
