  a gay restaurant might also be where a majority of the people there are gay . 
  a lot of people/restaurants might suppose gay people and gay causes , but the people at the resturants might not be predominantly gay . 
  so , when i say `` a gay club '' in stockholm or `` a gay restaurant '' i mean a place where the majority of the people are gay/lesbians . 
  that the eu is at least attempting to start to deal with the problem . 
  more can most certainly be done , but it is a minor step forward . 
  all steps forward are good . 
  good !, 
   large degree on funds from the eu . 
  these funds will be flowing till 2020 ( if current eu budget is accepted ) , but after that date eu will probably divide and a separate budget for closer bounded eurozone will appear . 
  do you even know the level of difference between the funds for example the ddr received and that poland will receive ? 
  let me give you a hint . 
  you are not 20 millions , who 's foreign debt will be taken care of by someone else , and you will not receive trillions . 
  what you are assuming , is that by 2020 , the eurozone , and it this matter you mean , the germans/french/finns . 
  for some reason will be pleased to send you money , not through the eu , but , just because they like you , the taxpayers will be willing to send you extra billion . 
  what are you basing this assumption on ? 
  why would the netherlands pay billions to the poles , outside of the eu ? 
  i think it sounds mad . 
  you are also claiming that you will receive this , since you are sure they can afford it . 
  in 2020 , they will have supported southern europe for 7 years . 
  are you sure , the french will just think . 
  gee - our economy has n't grown in 8 years , but i 'll just love to spend some money on poland outside of the eu ... 
  honestly , to me it sounds very , very , naive , and i would n't bet a single zloty on it . 
  do you have * any * evidence fo the fact that the eurozone will like you more than southern europe so they will just be happy to throw money on your ? 
  do you also understand , by saing this , you are admitting to that you will not be competitive enough . 
  how are you then going to deal with the loss in competitiveness . 
   discussion about interest rates is too technical for me - i 'm not an economist . 
  well , learn the basics , poland is fucking up your economy , and the reasoning i have presented to you is economics 101 . 
  ask the irish/spanish/portugues . 
  do you think they are just irresponsible or lazy , or so you think i might be on to something , with my talk about interest rates and competiveness ? 
  in ten years , trust me , i will vote no to aid to poland . 
  you knew what you were doing . 
  honestly , you can not leave this to economists . 
  by ignoring it , you are supporting it . 
  is that your final word - you do not have the energy to learn ? 
   situation there has nevertheless improved , right ? 
  of course , after 22 years and trillions pumpedin and the fact that they * still * receive over 100 billion euros/year , not foreign debt and another country taking care of the essentials , like welfare - and they ar still not as competitive , but as you say , they are improving ... 
  so , considering that spain/greece/poland , will receive none of that help , i am sure you will be just as competitive in 40-50 years . 
  just suffer until 2063 - then you will be fine . ', 
   i do n't know if there is some plan but i would assume , that , with investments ( due to gdp growth ) in machines , hi-tech solution , better organization and education , productivity will rise increasing competitiveness . 
  not sure if this will happen fast enough , or at all but there is a chance . 
  you do not know of the plan ? 
  i asked what you did * different * from greece/ireland/spain etc. 
  you do know that they had exactly the things your are saying too - . 
  quote by quote ( gdp growth , machines , hi-tech solutions , better organization , education , prodctivity etc ) . 
  i asked what made you * different * . 
  they had all that too - and look where they are . 
  what makes poland so special ? 
  why do you think , poland can escape economics 101 - your competitiveness * will * suffer , just likes spains . 
  your debt * will * rise , just like irelands . 
  your productivity will go down , and your prices and salaries will rise , just like greece . 
  why is poland beyond the statistics of economics . 
  i 'll give you a hint - you are not . 
  but please , give me the links to the economic statistic that says otherwise . 
  i hope for your sake that you are right , but i do not believe that for a second . 
  it will not happen in the next year , but in the next 5-10 , maybe quicker . 
  good luck poland , you are going to need it . 
   most of the polish trade goes to and from eurozone , like sweden , dk and the uk . 
  we are doing fine , thank you . 
   prices and salaries will grow no matter if poland has euro or not , so if there is no competitiveness rise the perspective is not good in each of choices . 
  you are 100 % sure that it will rise to the degree that they will in the eurozone ? 
  in the same time ? 
  you are also 100 % sure that the absolute best interest rate for poland is the german one ? 
  you do know , if you have that , you have to compete with them . 
  are you 100 % sure you are competitive with the germans ? 
  you are a lot more industrial then than the spanish/irish etc. 
  why and how ? 
  also , i guess you are fine with permanent transfers to the south , because that is what is happening right now , and probably will for the next 30 years , minimum . 
  how does poland feel about that ? 
  compare it when ddr/brd became one country and one currency . 
  beside the fact that the germans have pumped in trillions , east germany did n't have to deal with foreign debt and west germany covered the minimum social expenditure , like unemployment benefits , they are * still * not as competitive , more than 22 years afterwards . 
  and that is for a much more optimal currency union ( all currencies can be seen as currency union and they are never perfect , but more or less so . 
  for example , the ultimate interest rate for liverpool might not be the perfect interest for bristol . 
  however , the pound is , when all is said and done , a good working currency union ) . 
  and , the eurozone are doing so much less to even out the differences than germany ever did , so good luck if you ever get into a slump . 
  how are you planning to deal with that then ? 
   for now poland 's economy is heavily connected with situation in germany , if they are ok there will be lots of orders for polish companies and this situation should stay like that in the nearest years . 
  unless polish zloty suddenly gains in value ... 
  so sweden 's , uk 's and denmark , and we are doing fine . 
  above all , i do think ( no slight on the poles ) that we are more in line with the german competitiveness , due to our industry and that we 've had high costs for a long time . 
  so , it would be easier for us , and less of a loss , than for the poles . 
  yet , we are doing better . 
  you do know it is economics 101 that your prices will rise , your costs/salaries will rise , and the competitiveness that you have had through that will disappear . 
  what is polands plans to avoid that ? 
  how have your government said that it will tackle it ( it * will * happen , it is basic theory ) ? 
  what are they going to do that the spanish/irish/portuguese / greeks have n't tried . 
  i would love to hear the plan for that . 
  good luck poland , you are going to need it ... 
  it depends on how you mean . 
  control over your own currency is certainly no receipe for not having financial difficulties , or crises . 
  i never mean that . 
  it is not like most countries in the world never ever experience a crises , just because they have their own currency . 
  * however * , being part of the most imperfect of currency unions , will lead to problems , no matter how you slice it , or how well you run your own economy , particularely if you are not the `` top '' competitive country , in comparison to the others in the currency union . 
  compare spain/greece/portugal . 
  since they joined the eurozone , their competitiveness have fallen with 20-30 % , and that is only until 2008 ( eurostat ) . 
  at the same time , the prises , and salaries have risen . 
  so , what can they do to increase their competitiveness then , since they ca n't really control the currency or the interest rate - the only thing they can do , internal devaluation . 
  that is what we are seeing happening now in southern europe . 
  are you sure that poland is competitive enough in comparison to germany so that it will not happen ? 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  so , would the eu get to control the nuclear arms then ?
