  an interesting plot twist . 
  and , make the murderer german so you can unite against a common enemy :-) . 
  hmm . 
  i wonder how they will do with the language . 
  in bron/broen/the bridge everyone spoke danish/swedish to another and understood each other . 
  i am neither french nor english , but is that a likely scenario in france/england ? 
  to be clear , this has n't happened yet , nor have it been investigated if it 's even legal to do this . 
  the suggestion came yesterday . 
  that is weird , i did n't know that . 
  wonder why it 's like that ? 
  while swede 's are not really not fond of drafts , it is because it can really cold here . 
  otherwise , we are big on fresh air , and in the summer i often have the window ( s ) open , and often a few minutes/day in the winter . 
  it 's the same with wet hair , it is not really fun if your hair is wet if it 's is -15 degrees outside ( like now ) ... wonder where the idea about bad draft comes from . 
  does anybody know ? 
  haha , it would be then french then , would n't it :-) . 
  i am probably going to hell for this , but the ss - uniforms were really cool looking , and the wehrmachts too . 
  i know , hugo boss ... 
  it 's like that in movies too , the bad ones gets the cool look . 
   it 's not enough that some countries make agreements and others politely decline : the entire continent must jump in with both feet together , lest they face the wrath of the online euro-weeny . 
  i agree . 
  i have already been referred to as a `` free rider '' in this thread ... . . we do n't even have the euro , and we have being net payers to the eu since we joined . 
  the biggest problem to me is , that it seems to be the same people who do n't want to deal with the root of the problem or the democratic deficit that is currently plaguing europe . 
  the euro is incorrectly constructed from the beginning . 
  having a one currency is certainly not wrong in itself , but if you want that , you need to change the way it is constructed , have proper permanent transfers etc. 
  however , no one wants to fix that , because then the stupid people would have to vote for it , and the same stupid people would probably vote no . 
  so , let us just use band aids instead , and then blame anyone who disagrees with us . 
   that 's why this time they try to implement it it within the eu framework . 
  so your snide remark about `` start at home '' misses the point . 
  no , that is if you * only * think of a tobin tax as a tax , with no implications and no purpose . 
  however , it is n't . 
  as i am sure you know , one of the many purposes with the tobin tax is not just to raise money but to ( for example ) curb the robot trading ( that is what we call it in swedish , sorry do not know the english name ) . 
  another reason is to try to tax undertaxed business , banks and financial institutes . 
  thus , if those countries * do * want to start getting more money from banks and financial institutes , why do n't they start with doing a proper bank save . 
  if you compare it to the swedish bank save in the 90 's who is generally seen as a very good save , you should know that while sweden paid 3-4 % of their gdp to save their banks , they also demanded collateral , and changed the rules for the banks . 
  ergo - swedish banks know that while they might survive , they will loose ownership . 
  also , in the end , selling all those shares back , + being owner of nordea actually paid all the money from the bank save back , + then some . 
  why , if the euro countries are truly interested in getting money back , and actually `` domsticating '' their banks , for real , have n't they done that ? 
  nothing is stopping them . 
  why ? 
  edit : spelling, 
  that was a rather cool scarf . 
  btw , maybe i am a bit old fashioned , but should n't the soldier be investigated for the things he actually * did * , as opposed to things he * wears * ? 
  a few years back there was sort of a `` skull fashion '' , here in sweden , you could see them on shoes , scarf etc. 
  maybe his scarf was just old . 
   quite a lot of the companies who orchestrated the current financial mess the world is in - you may have heard - do business out of london yes , let us all get try to destroy london , that will help . 
  and no one , in frankfurt has ever done , anything bad . 
  or spain , or france . 
  it is all the big bad brits . 
  btw - can you explain the bank save in spain again ? 
  why didi n't germany/france ( unlike sweden and finland when they did their bank saves ) demand collateral ? 
  are n't you just giving the bank money if you do n't ask for collateral ( like shares ) . 
  at least in sweden 's case it was actually a good deal for the tax payers/people , who saved the banks . 
  how come that is n't happening in the euro areas ? 
  if you want to stop the big bad bankers , why do n't you start at home ? 
  as i said in another thread , this is perfect . 
  i personally do n't believe in it and i am happy that my country ( sweden ) do n't do it , but that does n't mean that other countries should n't be allowed to try whatever taxes they want . 
  it is a win-win . 
  the countries that want it , can have it , those of us who does n't , can stay outside . 
  if it does n't work for those 11 countries who are trying it - they can skip it . 
  if it does - wonderful . 
  for those outside ( the 186 or something other countries ) we will either gain trade or things will stay the same . 
  i like it when it works out for everybody . 
  i wish they would do it here , just tax it instead . 
  so , your employer lets you get away with that then i suppose . 
  i think i would n't show up either then , but it is a bit harder here :-) . 
   if an evil mastermind wanted to cripple this country , the first thing they 'd go to would be a machine that makes it snow . 
  i laughed out loud . 
  that is a really good plan . 
  instead of drones , missiles etc , you just attack britain with several snow cannons - and you are doomed . 
   to steal the hundreds of billions in oil and other natural resources yet to be discovered . . 
  exactly - that is how evil they are . 
  they know of natural resources no one else does . 
  it must be the lizzard power . 
  i have some friends in the uk who are quite perplexed . 
  they do n't understand why people do not show up for work etc. 
  oh , i forgot macedonia , good one . 
  i think germany and the imf are at fault too . 
   not as lovely as your username . 
  hedgehogs . 
   why , the zionist/maconnic nwo , of course . 
  the lizzards , do n't forget the lizzards !, 
  ( had to google maconnic , that is freemasons right ? ), 
  sweden : * poverty , or what it is , or is n't . 
  * new minister * apparently there is a suggestion that one should start charging people the tv tax , even if they do not have a tv , just a computer . 
  just came today , in my opinion not very likely . 
  * mali/algeria - ( norwegian ) hostages . 
  ok , really , i thought of it more as in extra added hours . 
  anyway , what he should know then is that it depends on the school , more than the program . 
   will they just withdraw the tax if it fails though ? 
  i think so . 
  if it fails like the swedish one , the failure will be spectacular . 
  also , it is not like the ftt is super popular in all of the countries that is implementing it . 
  i am not the german opposition , but if i were , i would attack that tax like it was satan coming to attack germany , branding merkel ( satan 's pawn ) irresponsible , hating the economy , sell - out to the south etc. 
  they have an election coming up . 
  also , i have no problems seeing financial professors in france explaining again and again why it is stupid etc. 
  also , even this time around they could n't even get all the euro countries to join in - if the tax fail , i do n't see how they can convince them to jump * on * to the sinking ship . 
  honestly , you are not worthy of being a politician , either ruling who wants to score points and say no ( who knows , he just might be a financial sensible one ) or in opposition who will use the ftt again and again as an example of just how big loosers the government are . 
   while i agree that it would be great for such experiments between willing countries to be conducted in the eu they have a tendency to become ` destiny ' , e.g. 
  the euro , schnegen . 
  true , but i hope we have all learned from those .
