  do you think economists are the best analysts of lingusistics ? 
  or political scientist perhaps ? 
  if not , why is he the best analyst of politics ? 
  i think you are a rather odd person . 
  you are attacking a swede , who really has nothing to do with margaret thatcher , for not wanting a * very well known left winger * who also is a * linguist * to analyse politics and economists . 
  i also think it is fun that what you are doing is a classic `` straw man '' - you are not actually in any way able to counter the argument that chomsky have been glossing over the atrocities commited by the khmer rogue and other regimes for decades - instead you are attacking me , claiming , that i am a right wing hysteric . 
  it is odd , we hardly have ( in comparison to the us ) have right wing hysterics in sweden to that extent . 
  so , can i assume that you agree with chomsky in everything then ? 
  also , i think it is so funny that you claim that a linguist is the best person to analyse economics and politics . 
  i guess you want economists to analyse the language of the 17th century perhaps ? 
  honestly , why should we even have academics at all ? 
  why do you hate neutral peer reviewed articles from academics ? 
  why are you saying that chomsky has the truth ? 
  why do the left have the absolute truth ? 
  could you please post some of the economic analysis chomsky has done of the effect of the thatcher era ? 
  i have access to all academics journals of course - i would love to read that . 
  i think it depends on the wages really . 
  yes , i love the fact behind his defending the khmer rouge or minimise mass murders commited by regimes he likes . 
  that is a true scientist for you . 
  [ link to a letter from a kambodjan refugees take on that ] ( http://frontpagemag.com/2010/jlaksin/chomsky-and-the-khmer-rouge-the-observer/ ) [ here is a guy who has a good take on chomsky ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/suzaz/historians_take_on_noam_chomsky/ ) . 
  please take some time to read that . 
  also , i do not understand why it is unreasonable not to have a * linguist * analyse the economics of the 80 's and 90 's . 
  would you want it the other way around perhaps ? 
  i honestly do not understand why they do it . 
  it is not a financially sound deciscion only makes them look bad abroad . 
  weird . 
  well , i honestly have never seen chomsky make good economics analysis , with the facts/statistics etc to back it up . 
  can you show me that , please ? 
  i have access to all academic journals if that is an issue . 
  also , people tend to forget that his background is in linguistic , and it does matter , for example when he criticises economical deciscions , it is not his strong suit . 
  however , i agree with you that he is smart , and has some points . 
  however , to analyse thatchers many deciscion , i think it is so much better not to take a famous leftie . 
  also , i wished he would stop gloss over the the kambodjan genocide by the khmer rouge . 
  i really have a hard time accepting anything he says as long as he denies genocides . 
  however , [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/suzaz/historians_take_on_noam_chomsky/ ) guy has a much better and informed critiscism of chomsky than me . 
  please take some time to read that . 
  i am sure you have a problem with corruption , i have never ever disputed that . 
  i am however also claiming that the greeks as well are responsible for the situation in greece ( including the corruption ) and above all , that 86 mitso is an idiotic , fact hating , racist troll . 
  yes, 
  but noah chomsky is a * linguist * , and famous leftie . 
  do n't you have any sources from economists/political scientists who are not famous left/right , but just good at their jobs ? 
   keep in mind that the problem really is n't the `` work ethic '' . 
  i have never commented on the work ethics of the greeks , perhaps you meant to respond to someone else . 
  nor has he actually responded to anything about the bribes . 
  true , he can improve , but he still manages to agitate people and get them angry . 
  exactly - what did the romans ever do for you ? 
  no , not at all personal . 
  why should i , you honestly seem to hate everybody and most of all the germans . 
  however , i do tend to take things scientifically , and you do not seem to care at all that most of your points can not be verified , are blatantly false , ignoring facts , weird statements , racists , enormous exaggerations etc. 
  that is fine however , i guess that is how trolls work , and you are a fairly good one actually . 
  haha , did he ? 
  i have found some gems from his comments :-) . 
  * `` man up greece '' - like that time we fought against the italian fascists and nazis with no army and ww1 era weapons , while the french and eastern europe gave up immediately * coming from a entire country of gypsies that does not mean much . 
  * a bunch of northern eu bankers who control and dominate the eu do not like the competition cyprus is creating ( how dare they ! ), 
  the plan has always been to destroy cypriot banking confidence and for the northern eu bankers to accept the fleeing `` russians '' with open arms . 
  * south africa has a better chance of ever joining the eu then vardaska aka fyrom aka `` macedonia '' * greece got your back , only country with the balls to stand up for serbia during the 90 's and openly protested against the bombings . 
  many greeks also went to serbia to fight and die for serbia but the army could not get involved as much as it wanted too because then clinton would of bombed greece . 
  * but never in my life have i heard of a greek and albanian marrying . 
  that is all you need to know you gypsy scum . 
  * within 50 years fyrom will be a distant memory my friend . 
  your country has made enemies out of everyone in the balkans . 
  the serbs hate you . 
  albanians hat you . 
  greeks hate you . 
  bulgarians hate you . nobody on earth respects you and you have no allies . 
  once the next big war starts your country will be dust . 
  real macedonia will take back southern fyrom after killing all you gypsies and the rest will be given to bulgaria and serbia . 
  * the only reason england still exists is because of the london banking evil scumbags holding the entire world hostage . 
  once everything crashes down . 
  you will be wishing you were in greece  * i am , the worst days in my life are return back to new jersey from greece every summer . 
  * usa is by far the most corrupt nation on earth , * literally the only thing making the american economy competitive in the world is the legal use of slave labour . 
  he is a rather angry , and an entertaining troll . 
  have n't found a lot of nations he has n't insulted , although he seems not to hate italy and spain ... 
  it is entertaining too that he in other posts mentions the friendliness of the greeks . 
  that makes me laugh . 
  true , when i was in greece they were friendly , but he seems to be the opposite of that . 
  true , i was getting a bit annoyed , since he refused to even accept basic facts like polls that the greeks wanted to stay in the eurozone for example or his mad claims that the germans had started an economic war etc. 
  now i see his genius . 
  he is a very entertaining and good troll . 
  haha , that is not really classic troll technique , you can do better than that ? 
  what about blaming the swedes for greece 's problems ? 
  or , go down the `` superior greeks '' route . 
  how was your quote now ? 
  `` you will never see a nazi sterotype of germans in any greek media , even the trashy tabloids . 
  it never has or will happened . 
  hahaha , it is a pity you went to far , you were such a good troll . 
   as far as you asking all these stupid questions , whywhywhywhy , just shut the fuck up , you sound like confused old fool . 
  you are a god troll , i have to admit it . 
  classic troll technique . 
  instead of trying to answer questions like a serious person would do , and enter a discussion , just insult the other person instead so that they get mad . 
  and you can sit back and laugh and they forgot that you did n't actually have any answers , what so ever . 
  close , but no cigar , is n't that how they say it ? 
  he is a troll , ignore him . 
  he also claimed , just recently in another thread that no newspaper , ever , even tabloids , would ever make mean nazi references to merkel . 
  i have to admit , he is a good troll though . 
  86mitso is a greek troll . 
  he is rather good at trolling though i have to admit . 
  ignore him . 
   i have never blamed anyone but the government lead by merkel . 
  `` the germans started this economic war and i hope greece escalates it , because that is the game germany is playing right now '' .
