  again , the majority of the cap supporters think very little of the environment or the consumer in the end . 
  i am tired of paying for destroying the environment . 
  i like the quote `` this seems a most curious argument . 
  why should the taxpayer continue to give you subsidy if you are breaking laws ? '' '' . 
  basically it seems to me that farmers can do whatever they want , still they get their subsidies ? 
  is this really in the best interest of the eu citizen ? 
   this , in turn , leads to a very poor sense of the state and of the civic duty . 
  whatever you do , someone will take advantage of it , so you should take advantage of the state first . 
  and this leads to thinking that all politicians are thieves and it is almost your duty to stick it to them . 
  but now you are sticking it to the eurozone ? 
  the only reason the italian interest rate is n't going through the roof is that the ecb is buying italian bonds . 
  and , italy is not even willing to elect someone who is prepared to do the deep structural changes that needs to be done . 
  so , the italian poor sense of state has now crossed the border to other countries . 
  who in the end do the italians think is paying for those bonds ? 
  who stands as a guarantee ? 
   same would happen with financial and budget laws . 
  i know it sounds unpopular , but keeping people away from the polls when it comes to serious matters is often the most sane thing to do so , why not remove the taxes/budget , but let people vote about nato/eu/euro ? 
  second , that might be a difference between sweden/italy , but here you can actually win an election with higher taxes , or not loose ( like the last one ) by saying that you will not lower them until the finances allows it . 
  to me , the italians do not make financial sense at all when they vote - italy is being held up by the ecb , need massive changes and the votes go to grillo and berlusconi . 
  second - are you honestly saying that in a democracy , the people should n't be able to decide whether they want to join a military organization or not ? 
  or change the currency , and the future of italy forever with the euro ? 
  do n't you think people have a right to decide about their future ? 
  nato may force you into war , yet people should have no say ? 
  what is so extremely good about being in nato and euro btw - we are doing just fine anyway ? 
  i do not see that as an argument about not letting people vote . 
  exactly my thoughs . 
  have the looked at how southern europe is fairing ? 
  i think this is the fith year in a row greece 's gdp is sinking , france is doing worse , italy is only held up by the ecb etc. 
  it never went away . 
  ok , that explains it , but why is it still left there in the constitution ? 
  if i were an italian citizen i am sure there would have been a number of issues i would like to vote about , nato/eu and euro , for starters . 
  if you never ever got a chance to vote about it , i can understand that a lot of people want now . 
  in the interest of democracy , you should ? 
  i do n't see how one legitimately can take that right away from citizens . 
  and frankly , it is not like you have the most innocent honest politicians on earth , so i would be even more inclined to vote if i was an italian - did nato buy you ? 
  euro ? 
  i 'd like to have a say in that i believe ( i 'd be furious if sweden did anything like that ) . 
  why would anyone put that in their constitution ? 
  i do n't mean that italy should vote about the euro , but i have no problems coming up with scenarios where international treaties could/should be put to popular vote . 
  for the poorer countries , or the countries with a lot of agriculture it is nice to have someone sponsor your agriculture . 
   with some luck the eu fails and we get some real process in a nordic union . 
  i would n't say luck perhaps , but i am pretty sure that the euro will fail it is really , really incorrectly constructed ( which disfavours everyone ) and the recession we are seeing will begin to takes it toll on germany/france eventually . 
  then i suspect things will happen ... .   which is sad because it would give us vastly more influence in dealings in the eu instead of being dictated around by france and germany , or jumping on the uk wagon . . 
  i agree . 
  it certainly would have it ups and downs and i am sure we would disagree about things , but i think , in the end it would benefit all of us , and above all - the benefits would be greater than the costs . 
   they just do not want to be the ones paying the price for it . 
  but you can not have a union without a price . 
  it is impossible , it is economics 101 . 
  even a nordic union would have a price , but maybe a lot less , since we are more equal in finances etc ( and sweden is the cheaper country ... ) . 
  and , a working , deeply integrated union requires transfers - permanent transfers . 
  since i guess the danes are not more interested than the the swedes to send 10 % ( or large amounts , think ddr/west germany style ) south each year , it is really impossible to have a deeply integrated union . 
  add to that that we are not interested in the euro , nor do we like the corruption we see ( i think we are really equal there ) . 
  so , deeper integraton is more of an utopia then . 
   i want a nordic union too - a baltoscandic union actually , but i 'll settle for a nordic one . 
  i can agree with estonia , but i am not really sure how it would work . 
  not that it will , since finland are already in the euro , and estonia are going to . 
  well , we can make a small scandianvian krona , and see if they prefer us :-) . 
  i agree with neoliberal though - the current mood in sweden is not towards deeper integration . 
  not to say that we want out , but not really not in more either . 
  is denmark truly interested in deeper integration as you say ? 
  why have n't you joined the euro then ? 
  are you really in the banking union ? 
  i thought the danes were pretty skeptic , even if your politicians are not . 
  is he going to server a single day ? 
  sorry , thank you for the correction . 
  as you can understand - i mean the ones that obelix loves to eat :-) . 
  i think the professor you talked to were right about the lynx/wolf . 
  the only downside of lynx is that your cats will start to disappear and perhaps a lamb or two . 
  the are to small however to regulate the dear/boar population . 
  people like them though , so in that sense they are liked . 
  well , then , the only solution is to shoot them . 
  i do n't mind hunting ( as long as it is done regulated and legally ) but i would much rather have a working ecosystem with regards to the wildlife and less hunting both in sweden and in the uk . 
  with the beavers and the boars - well , the garden lovers and the farmers are going to have a fun time with that . 
  the wild boars are becoming a pest here in sweden for the farmers , and my aunts vegetable land is regularely destroyed by the wild boars . 
  they are good to eat though . 
  the beaver is ok , but it is annoying when it just take down all those lovely trees at the end of the garden ( my mother protected them with fences , sort of steel wrapped around the tree ) . 
  i expect that to be a much bigger problem in the uk , since you are more densly populated with less trees , so they are more likely to run into you . 
  not really a problem , but a few thousand angry garderners can make their voice heard i suspect . 
  honestly , much smarter to reintroduce the lynx and the wolves , with regards to damage , but i guess that is not feasible . 
  we have a huge problem with the wolves reputation too . 
  one think people could learn , but they seem to be eternally stupid in this regard here in sweden . 
  how are you going to do with the elk ? 
  to me an elk need vast forrests to roam arond in , and it is really not the first thing that comes to mind in scotland . 
  i know scotland used to be covered in forrests , but now ? 
  edit : spelling, 
  i find the article correct . 
  unlike aka sotof , i am not sure sweden wants more integration at the moment , but we are trying to cooperate . 
  sometimes it seems like the uk do n't . 
  however , anders borg is right to , the uk is a necessary voice and important in the eu . 
  it would not only be a huge loss to us since we often side with them , but for the eu . 
  i read it first , as `` half of the uk 's population needs to be shot each year '' . 
  thought it sounded a bit weird . 
  a few perhaps , but not half :-) . 
  i find that logical , we need to shoot elks/deers/wild boars too , since our wolves/lynx/bears are n't enough . 
  is it a problem in the uk ? 
  deer is very good to eat . 
  porridge from ( glutenfree ) oats with milk and apple pur\u00e9 or `` filmj\u00f6lk '' , a sour swedish yoghurt with a sliced banana . 
  yes , super healthy breakfast , but it is better for you . 
  besides , i always wake up very hungry . 
  no coffe , but sometimes tea .
