  rich people can be refugees for example , which they can not be under your definition . 
  think of rich kambodjans who fled the khmer rogue ( granted , not a lot of them got away ) or chileans who were against pinochet . 
  or , from our own continent , just wealthy jews trying to get out of europe during wwii . 
  certainly refugees , but not fleeing for the economical reason you are citing . 
  ( and yes , i know that the geneva definition of refugee did n't exist until after wwii ) . 
   so what you are saying is , swedish is a much more harsh language , since the children give in much quicker ? 
   \u00c4ran och hj\u00e4ltarnas spr\u00e5k , the language children want to learn . 
  children are naturally curious , they want to imitate , but something , call it sound instinct , is stopping them from learning danish . 
  i have hight hope for the danish children , as long as they can be raised by someone decent , someone swedish perhaps . 
  it depends on your definition of refugees . 
  the vast majority of them are not refugees under the geneva convention , but are seeking a better life . 
  that is certainly understandable , but it does not make you a refugee . 
  if seeking a better life makes you a refugee , well then we are having some refugees in sweden , for example doctors from greece and spain , engineers from portugal etc. 
  swedes are also refugees then , in norway . 
  migration for economical reason is understandable , but it does not give you the status of a refugee . 
  you can read about refuges [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/refugee ) . 
  yes , i know . 
  it must feel so awkard for a dane realising that their children can actually speak before turning seven , they just choose not to , since it is danish they are forced to speak finally they cave , but those poor innocent children fight the good fight , for as long as they can . 
  that gives me hope for the danish race , one just have to make sure that the poor danish children are raised by someone nobler , someone they prefer to speak to - like swedes for example . 
  ok , but someone do not posts addresses , can one post the name ? 
  i mean , if let 's say anders borg or zlatan raped someone it would be all over the news and they would be identified . 
  ca n't one write the names then of non famous rapists ? 
  when is it ok to stop writing hagamannen and start writing niklas lindgren ? 
  when did he become a public person ? 
  after the sentence in tingsr\u00e4tten ? 
  after expressen/aftonbladet printed his name after the arrest ? 
  how is that rule ? 
  i mean , the names and the decisions are all over the internet . 
  can one only publish names after they have been published in a printed magazine ? 
  what if a very popular blog published them ? 
  blogs are news outlets too . 
  sounds rather soft and feminine in swedish i suppose . 
  names like alice , william , elsa , oskar , hjalmar , ingrid etc are popular right now . 
  trends come and go , right now names from 1900-1920 's are popular . 
  i think in sweden that they are the most common names , not most common names given to newborns . 
  the two most common names given to newborns in 2012 were ** william and alice ** . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.scb.se/pages/pressrelease____347449.aspx ), 
  and if you are nordic or dutch and visit stockholm i recommend the store lakritsroten , that specialises in liquorice . 
  their white chocolate with salty liquorice is divine . 
  ( i also think they have web shop ) . 
  i have never heard about these blasphemous laws . 
  i read the article and i do n't think we have them . 
  even among those who have those laws - does anybody use them ? 
  yes , sounds better than thugness . 
  thanks, 
  scandinavian/nordic for me , but maybe we are to close to count as a different culture . 
   i 'd classify the gd as junta sympathizers first , ah , i never thought of the fact that they could appeal to those who miss the `` good old days '' . 
  thanks, 
  the authors answers how the spain , portugal , greece and italy managed to finance nearly 700 billion euros in capital flight in 2011 . 
  answer is they did n't , the ecb and in the end , other states in the eurozone did , through extending the credit and sharing the risk . 
  in the authors view , that was/is necessary . 
  i just thought it interesting because target 2 hardly ever comes up in the calculations , the risks and the sharing of burdens in the eurozone . 
  it is hardly ever mentioned , outside of economics ( perhaps a bit in germany who is owed over 750 billions i belive ) . 
  however , of course there are risks involved , and costs , in fact , a lot of it . 
  just the gips countries is 2011/2012 got a credit of 700 billions . 
  that is quite a lot . 
  basically , outside of the bailouts , the citizens of the eurozones richer countries have taken on a lot more in debt should something happen , than many of them are aware of . 
  germany for example , is responsible for 27 % of the target2 credit . 
  also , a lot of people is critizising the fact that the ecb treats the credit as equal , no matter the country of origin , thus ignoring the risks involved . 
  i understand that the golden dawn exists and that some greeks vote for them . 
  greece is in a rather desperate situation , and that often leads to idiotic parties like golden dawn . 
  countries in far better shape than greece have had that problem . 
  but , what i do n't get with the golden dawn is the * thugness * for lack of a better word , the openness with hatred and violence . 
  i honestly question their strategy i guess ( not that i am complaining ) . 
  would n't it be better to tone that down just a tad and talk smoothly about stuff like `` greece for the greeks '' , '' in these times we ca n't afford more immigrants who also steal and costs us money '' , `` look , the police and state have abandonded us , vote for us , we will be there for you '' . 
  i mean , be a bit smoother . 
  i guess i am just surprised about the openness with which they use violence and hatred . 
  not that i am complaining really that they are not smooth , just reflecting . 
  i guess many of their supporters are not the sharpest knives in the drawer . 
  it is perhaps a bit of a `` tough '' / too economic read , but i thought it was interesting because it is hardly ever mentioned in the general debate about the target 2 and its credits . 
  not surprising . 
  the climate change is not even , not 2-6 degrees everywhere , evenly spread out all across the globe . 
  it is depending on a lot of stuff , like the topography , water mass etc. 
  and , it is changing faster near the poles as well . 
  it is also affecting the gulf stream ... fun fact . 
  it is one place in the world ( i think it is the only one ) that is getting colder now . 
  it is the north ( east ) atlantic . 
  and that was one home , one company . 
  do you normally dismiss statistics after singular events that concerns a few people , when you measure populations ? 
  have you been to other countries ? 
  what do you think it is like there ? 
  what do you find at fault with the investigation and what does your proposed list looks like then ? 
  statitistically that is one island . 
  swedes grow older than greeks . 
  well , we actually become older than the greeks do so i do n't think that sun and organic food is helping . 
  maybe the cold is preserving us . 
   and heat . 
  it is weird , i hate heat too . 
  i do n't understand people who want to be in the sun at all , if it is hotter than 15 degrees , but i like saunas . 
  i think the trick is a ) nice company b ) going into the water often if you hate it c ) drinking water . 
  also , non of that electric shit - it has to be a proper sauna , heated with wood . 
  electric saunas are to dry . 
  we have the best one at our summer house , seated by sea , so you sit and watch out over the baltic ocean , then you can jump in to the ( very cold baltic ) water . 
  who does n't love saunas ? 
  i did read it . 
  but if the polls says that a majority says yes , it is yes , whether it has been tested or not . 
  i did read , but the point of common taxation ( which is a super big thing ) or the ftt would never have come up had the ez not messed up why again , ca n't you bail out your own banks ? 
  fix your own problems ? 
  go through the proper channels ? 
  you refuse to answer that,
