  recently have been anounced protest against the reconversion , and asking for rollback it and increasing the size of the fleet again to create jobs . 
  i do n't think that sending the people to unemployment more quickly would have been politically viable . 
  ; and the current pm is from galicia that 's one of the strongholds of the conservatives . 
  bull . 
  the situation is like that because * again * , just like with the cap , spain has refused to reform . 
  you have been told since the 90 's to cut down your fleet , and there was plenty of alternatives then . 
  you just refused too , just like with the cap . 
  and , then you keep voting for squeezing more money from northern europ , and when we finally say something , you then complain that it is so sudden/impossible/unemployment etc. 
  well , if you had n't voted and worked agains the reforms , it would n't be like that . 
  you fucking caused this , and a lot of other things , but we are suppose to pay for it . 
  why would i want to be in a union with people like that ? 
  do n't you dare tell me you want change - why have you then voted * against * cap reforms ? 
   we do n't have the interests and concerns . 
  and you are missing the political context . 
  the current situation is already very difficult . 
  do you think that would be possible to put more pressure in the sector in spain ? 
  you are not concerned about the environment , working industry , cutting down on subsidies etc ? 
  i guess not , you only want money from us and , frankly , do n't give me that talk about the current situation in spain . 
  you have resisted and voted against all forms of reforms since forever . 
  you could have ended a lot of the subsidies when spain was going well , but it is to nice to get money from north , so why change ? 
  i mean , you have always voted against cap reform , against fishing reform , against anything really , so do n't you dare tell me it is because of the current situation . 
  in fact , spain has been on the receiving end of eu money since 1986 . 
  27 years !, 
  empires have been built and lost in shorter time than that . 
  when will it stop ? 
  are my grandchildren going to pay for people in spain ? 
  i do n't want to be in the eu because it is apparent to me that the south do not want change , and they vastly outnumber us . 
  it is evident with the cap - had the south wanted change they would have reformed , and voted for it . 
  they have n't , ever . 
   actually spain is being forced to stop the subsidies to national coal before 2018 , the project was approved in 2012 . 
  how in god 's name can they subsidies coal ? 
  that is so stupid . 
  i am angry that i am paying money to people who think like that . 
  the riots are grand though . 
   we are also shutting down part of the shipbuilding . 
  why ? 
  what is wrong with ship building ? 
  is that also a subsidiesed industry ? 
   there is a limit over the pressure that you can put at the same time . 
  a reform of the pac is being negotiatied , but it 's for 2015 at least . 
  and it is n't probably what do you want . 
  well , it might feel like it is coming all at the same time , just because spain , and other countries resist sensible policies the whole time , just like the cap or cutting down the fishing fleet . 
  i mean , spain have been hearing about that since the 90 's at least . 
  i guess you just do n't want change . 
  i do not want to be in a union with people who do not want to change , constantly vote against it , against sensible reforms , and outnumber us by far . 
  the only thing they want is our money , not change . 
  i hate the thought that eu will take over more of our responsibilities , it just means sending more money to people who refuse to change in a positive way . 
  and , negotiated . . sigh , i hate the fact that we have to negotiate about stuff that really are self explanatory . 
  why do we have to do that ? 
  how can anyone really defend half of the obviously idiotic things going on ? 
  i am sorry . 
  i hope things will improve for you . 
  i am sorry , seems like you are stuck . what do you do ? 
  could you study abroad , that is for free . 
   she was licensed . 
  like most therapists here , she was freudian . ', 
  well , the freudian therapists here at least belive in science . 
  your sexuality is not something you get from your mother . 
  please find a proper therapist , non freudian then . 
  are n't there gay websites in cyprus that can recommend one ? 
  maybe you can get it covered by health care . 
   can you point me to some more reading ? 
  what did you have before ? 
  how are you discriminated against ? 
  sigh , only in swedish unfortunately , but we were far less subsidised and far more adjusted to the world market . 
  * and * we did n't have to subsidise other countries tobacco and wine , nor did we have to pay them just because they refused to go through changes that we did in the 70 's . 
  i am for example thinking about the little farmer , we actually let a lot of them disappear , but now we have to sit and pay for a greek guy . 
  and for discrimination - long story , but to make it really short we get less money per cow than the french . 
  that is discrimination , we do not have cheaper costs , sweden is expensive . 
  and , of course the south is not at all interested in changing . 
   ( and why do you sound so angry ? 
  44 % of the eu budget only make less than 0.4 % of total government spending in the eu . 
  that really is n't worth being so angry . 
  sorry if i 'm misinterpreting your tone ... ) 44 % of the eu 's total budget is a lot . 
  we are paying for being treated like shit , forced to be more non environmental and sponsoring wine and tobacco . 
  i find that upsetting . 
  and , it is also * how * they are doing it . 
  if this is how the eu runs things , ( and it is ) then i want the eu to have less power , and be in charge of less things . 
  for example , southern country and france are constantly voting against cap change and reforms , and have for ages . 
  even though those reforms are necessary , and good . 
  they are not interested in changing , the cap debate clearly shows that , just interested in squeezing every cent that they can from the north . 
  otherwise , they would have initiated changes , not fought them . 
  they would have changed , and thought it wise . 
  i do not want to be in a union where we are outnumbered by people who think and vote like that . 
  how can anything be build when people are like that ? 
  i am not surprised they are corrupt those countries , the people do not want change apparently . 
  had they wanted it , they would not have fought cap change , that is easy to see . 
  i mean , the eu is talking about taking over the energy policy . 
  something we are good at , and have low costs , comparatively . 
  of course that will not matter to the eu , our costs will rise while we sponsor fucking coal in poland or something similar . 
  i mean , if the eu want to reform , they would have done it . 
  they are not interested . 
  i do not want to be outnumbered and pay for people who behave like they do . 
   i was forced to go to one by my parents . 
  lot of talk about my dad being away , my mum being responsible for my homosexuality etc. 
  thankfully we run out of money so i was spared further bullshit . 
  that is not a therapist , that is a quack !, 
  a licensed therapist should know that one does n't chooses to be gay , and your mother is not in any way responsible for that . 
  when you can afford it , i recommend a * real * therapist , that is sympathetic , and frankly , not an idiot like yours . 
   i was somehow open about it back in highschool .
