  we will have a national banks that defends our currency and keep it stable and who defends our economy . 
  what is wrong with that ? 
  it all depends on the goals you give them . 
  the ecb main goal is inflation , but that does not have to be the case . 
  look at the fed , japans national bank or bank of england . 
  they have a much broader assigment from their parlament . 
  the independent part is to assure that for example southern europe do * not * do a sweden and devaluates the currency instead of dealing with the underlying issues . 
  looking at it now , it would have been nice if they had done that , dealt with the issues , would n't it ? 
  so , why do you hate independent central banks ? 
   i ca n't speak for other countries , but monetary power was in the hands of the french government from 1945 to 1972 those were probably , together with the 80 's and early 2000 's the best years for everyone , everywhere in the western world . 
  i think we will never see such growth again . 
  frankly , it would have been hard to fuck that up . 
  also , because an independent banks gives more faith in the country and in the currency and is not used as political tool . 
  by individual parties.that is essential for a healthy business climate . 
  what sort of business climate do you see if first the interest rate is manipulated to serve the socialists , two years later the right wings win and they change it again . 
  how do you think such insecurity affects the business climate ? 
  faith in the country and the currency ? 
  furthermore - that means that you have to defend your currency at all costs , and not have it tied to anything . 
  that can be good or bad , but also extremely costly . 
  we have a free floating one , which means that we do not have to spend money defending it - we learned that lesson to . 
   inflation is not that bad . 
  i am not sayin that it is , and having an independent bank does n't mean that you can have a higher inflation target . 
  look at bank of england or the fed , they are not as afraid of inflation as the eurozone ( or swedes for that matter ) , which is evident in how they have handled the crises . 
  still , they are and should be independent . 
  i do n't know why you say that all a independent bank could fight for is inflation . 
  well , the swedish equialent of that would be \u00e4nnu , but i think you use endnu more than we use \u00e4nnu . 
   i think 5 years of 5 % inflation would really help the eurozone . 
  which is againt the ecb rules . 
  that is breaking the law . 
  why do n't you go the proper route and change the rules instead ? 
   there will soon be no euro for them to defend if they keep inflation as low as it currently is and by then they will have done themselves out of a job . 
  there will be more jobs actually , there will be 17 new central banks . 
  oh , baby , you have really changed your position now , have n't you . 
  first you demand that ecb does something illegal , than you say that they should n't do anything illegal , but still this , and then you say that i am wrong . 
  you really have no clue what you are talking about , and it is very evident . 
   and the banks probably wo n't be able to pay and are already asking for another ltro . 
  yet we only hear criticisms about `` southern europe '' and never the banks which evidently have done nothing wrong and have no responsibility whatsoever in the crisis . 
  understand me correctly , i do n't like the banks , at all and i think the way the eu has bailed them out is idiotic . 
  yes , we need banks and we should save some of them , but make sure it costs them . 
  demand collateral . 
  when our government saved our swedish banks , they demanded ownership . 
  that actually made us money in the end . 
  why does n't the eurozone do that ? 
  however , the cause of the crises in southern europe is the euro , the banks are just a symptom , but a bad symptom . 
   you keep repeating that the euro `` caused '' the crisis , but never detail how and why . 
  why do n't you provide your reasoning and sources ? 
  in other words , make `` the euro caused the crisis '' a disprovable claim . 
  wow , you honestly do not know this ? 
  well , no surprise for our discussion then . 
  it will be a long read , but i hope you can bear with me and read it , because i really think it is a problem that people do not understand this . 
  btw , what i am saying is not something strange , this is what 90 % of the economists are saying , read the comments at r/economics . 
  there is something called the optimal currency union area , and basically , the euro is the opposite of it . 
  you can read more about it [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/optimum_currency_area ) . i also mentioned internal devaluation which you can read about [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/internal_devaluation ) . 
  you can compare it to ( loosely of course , this is not the natural sciences , but a social science , there are not perfect comparisons ) to when ddr and the brd became one . 
  from a currency union perspective , they were two different currencies , becoming one . 
  ddr however , immediately got into huge problem . 
  first , what they produced become more expensive , so they became less competitive . 
  second , if they produced similar products to brd ( like say wheat ) , it did n't work either , because they were less productive . 
  since they produced let us say 1 unit wheat for 1 d-mark in one hour , while the brd produced 2 units wheat for 1 d-mark in one hour - how could the ddr compete ? 
  to increase productivity ? 
  well , yes , but that takes time , years and decades to be exakt . 
  so , the only thing they could change , since they now had the same currency was the salary . 
  so , instead of producing 1 wheat for 1 d-mark , instead they produced 1 wheat for 0,5 d-mark . 
  then they could compete again . 
  this is called internal devaluation and that is what southern europe is suffering from right now . 
  they can not ( instantly ) become more productive , nor can they like before change the interest rate/currency , so they use the only mean they have at their disposal , pushing down salaries . 
  it is really economics 101 . 
  so , in short , mass unemployment follows in the wake of this . 
  however , wet germany lessend this by making sure ddr had all their social needs taken care of ( schools , hospitals , pensions and social benefits ) plus huge investments to make them become more productive and lessen the mass unemployment . 
  plus , the ddr did n't have to worry about keeping their banks going , or any debt . 
  however , that obviously costed brd trillions ( and still do btw ) . 
  now , compare this to the euro area . 
  more players , but same idea . 
  the internal devaluation is happening , full scale in southern europe . 
  however , they have no one to take care of their social needs , their debt , or their banks . 
  that is why the euro is such an enormous shitty currency . 
  monetary integration , without social and financial integration . 
  and , the reason this is happening to southern europe and not to finland , is that finland had an economy that was competitive with the euro . 
  also , this is the base for the problem . 
  no banks is the world can make southern europe competitive , or lend them enough money to keep them in the manner which they were accustomed to . 
  add , to add to the problems , the southern euro countries when they joined the euro , go much cheaper credit all of a sudden , which made them go insane and borrow to much . 
  instead of the normal 6 % interest rate , they got 2 % ( for example ) . 
  it was not stupid of the banks to lend to those countries - the banks had dutifuly charged them more before , but now , they were euro countries , the risk had gone down - or so both the banks * and * the countries thought . 
  however , we both know that it is not the case . 
  for a while the countries could cover up their lack in competitiveness with increased spending , but when the market crashed in 2008 it showed which economies that were reliable and which were built on sand . 
  that is also why the banks are not the cause ( but a huge symptom ) of the euro crises . 
  understand me correctly , the banks are no angels , but they are not the ones who caused nor can they fix southern europes lack of competitiveness . 
  and , if it were all the banks faults , the symptoms should be equal , which they are not . 
  so , to fix southern europe , one has to fix the euro . 
  i do not think it can ( or should actually ) be done , so i think , and have always said , that they should quit the euro . 
  and , to make you even angrier - people know that the euro is a horrible currency , and they have always known it . 
  the countries who joined it knew it , but everyone had a a `` kick the can down the road '' attitude about it . 
  the ones who designed it knew it too . 
  and , everyone knows how to fix it too , but no one want to . 
  me neither to be honest . 
   and your interpretation of what they are is wrong and superficial . 
  what exactly am i saying that is wrong ? 
  you did n't even * know * the ecb rules before , and now you are saying that i am interpreting them incorrectly ? 
  i want detailed explanation what in the ecb rules i am interpreting wrong , with links please to credible sources . 
   when laws are written against the will or against the interests of the people , then it is their most basic right and duty to oppose them .
