  i have read daily mail and aftonbladet . 
  and aftonbladet lies to . 
  please , just check out any article that involves statistics , for example unemployment , or immigrants . 
  not to mention stuff like criminal cases , like rape etc. 
  half the time they do not even get the sentence right , not to mention they are uneducated idiots ( no aftonbladet , a dolphin . 
  is not a fish ) . 
  i 've do not follow sports at all , but i have heard that their sports section is the best in sweden , so i do give you right their , i have heard the same . 
  their `` cultural pages '' might as well just be propaganda from the communist party and there is nothing cultural about it . 
  i am not saying they the daily mail is good , it is horrible , but aftonbladet is doing their bloody best to be equally bad . 
  and it is not like aftonbladet is a bastion of truth telling , it is hardly the guardian or something . 
  jan helin would n't recognise truth if it hit him over the head . 
  and , for example on the cultural pages for example we have \u00c5sa lindeborg who still mourns the loss of ddr where she got a lot of her education ( true , look it up ) . 
  if truth equals a communist ddr world view - well then she is teimg the truth . 
  i think aftonbladet is slightly better because they have lower circulation . 
  can you imagine what they would write if they had six million readers ? 
  it would hardly be more truths and serious articles , it would be more aftonbladet truths . 
  perhaps it is . 
  maybe we are more in need of idiotic papers for some reason . 
  but it surprises me that france does n't have a comparative paper . 
  but kudos to spain , france and italy for that . 
  it is admirable . 
  exactly . 
  gossip is important for those papers . 
  why report on science and economics when a princess stubbed her toe ? 
  they are doing their best of imitating toilet paper . 
  but daily mail actually have more articles ( maybe not better ) and less pictures plus better language ( i sometimes wonder if a majority is dyslectic or failed school at aftonbladet/expressen ) . 
  they are trying at least to be as horrible as they can . 
  i do n't defend dm , but i just see a lot of anger towards it here and sort `` the brits think '' . 
  you do not see that about die bild zeitung or whatever the rag equivalent of italy and spain is for example . 
  i hope no one attacks me for aftonbladet 's articles . 
  i hate that paper and its articles . 
  i just imagine that the brits feel the same . 
  and is why i am annoyed that sweden only have two anti eu parties , both stupid . 
  i 'll get over my distaste and vote for one of them though . 
  it is the only way i can send a message because the eu sure as hell do not give a shit . 
  how are dutch tanks in finnish winter weather ? 
  i am not good with tanks , i just remember our disasters with italian and french trains . 
  does this region get any eu money ? 
  then some of it end up in cammoran hands . 
  like that mozzarella boss , perhaps a hundred thousand euros for those buffaloes ? 
  or pay someone who in turn pays off camorra . 
  the tax money of eu citizens should not go to the camorra or corrupt people . 
  no , not at all . 
  i am not trolling . 
  a troll have no facts . 
  here it says that ** 88 % ** of your pigs have mrsa in the slaughterhouse . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.themeatsite.com/meatnews/20243/ministers-examine-rising-mrsa-prevalence-in-danish-pigs ) . 
  and over 1500 people get sick , only in denmark . 
  god knows how many you contaminate in other countries . 
  that is catastrophic numbers if you did n't know that . 
  and , it is not a sign of high quality . 
  and i ask you , and several other people in this thread how you can see those numbers and still claim high quality . 
  none of you have answered , and neither will you . 
  not because you are right of course , but becaue deep down you know that i am , and you are to much of a coward to admit that you are wrong and write something like `` gee , god , if those numbers are true we have fucked up '' . 
  you are so much of coward , that instead of thinking `` hmm - sweden have no mrsa in slaughterhouses , what did we do wrong , maybe she has a point '' , you just keep on attacking , instead of learning . 
  that is also why i never buy danish meat - it seems like people like you how claim that 88 % mrsa is good quality is running the meat industry . 
  well , guess what - we do n't have any in our cattle . 
  and , do n't get me started on the salmonella ... no , because you are a nationalist , and to afraid and immature to admit problems if you have them , you take the cowards way out , and accuse me of being a troll . 
  you just ca n't handle critiscism from a swede , even if it is correct . 
  you are not man enough . 
  if i were like you , i 'd say that about all the danes . 
  but i am nothing like you - i deal with facts , and i have no evidence for all danes being cowards who will not accept facts . 
  i only have evidence for you being that . 
  and you are . 
  are coward who is wrong and refuse facts . 
  sigh , i had to google it , and you are of course , totally correct . 
  italy 's famous mozzarella contains dioxins , among other things , since the buffalos get contaminated by the grass they eat in the poisonous areas . 
  they also make limoncello and lemons . 
  a wine is apparently lacrima christi . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/italy/9406507/italys-mozzarella-king-arrested-over-contaminated-cheese.html ) . 
  read robert salviano 's book camorra . 
  i 've just read it instead of studying . 
  it is a brilliant book . 
  and they are everywhere . 
  [ link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/roberto_saviano ) . 
  he is a very brave man . 
  noooo , i love that cheese . 
  good thing i do n't eat pasta . 
  thanks . 
  of the danish pigs in slaughter houses had mrsa !!!, 
  and more and more people ( over 1500 ) had mrsa i guess one has to be danish to call that quality . 
  i do n't actually and i think it is very sad that so many danes defend numbers like that , instead of actually being horrified . 
  to me that is scary , yet dane after dane defend those numbers . 
  [ links 1 ] ( http://www.themeatsite.com/meatnews/20243/ministers-examine-rising-mrsa-prevalence-in-danish-pigs ) . 
   i am no troll !, 
  i do care deeply about the swedish/danish meat debate . 
  i assure you that i really do . 
  of course you are not , you are the defender of knowledge and science , not trolling at all . 
  it is also good to know that the irish , being top exporter , do not care really about stuff like salmonella , mrsa and antibiotics . 
  i was asked before if i could buy irish/belgian/etc meat . 
  thanks to the debate with you i know see that the irish have mrsa too , and far more antibiotics use than we do . 
  thank you , it is always good to know what meat and people to stay away from . 
  i am lowering our stats . 
  i drink like five cups/months ... and i do n't really drink tea either , just water . 
  maybe i am not fit to be nordic , to little coffee . 
  but that is what you are arguing , but you are just a troll then ? 
  no facts , nothing , just a sad troll . 
  a ) first sentence . 
  `` hitherto , methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus ( mrsa ) has not been detected in swedish cattle . 
  another sentece .
