  you pay for your own cheaters !, 
  i have posted a link above , in my discussions with the italian . 
  how many more links do you need apart from that ? 
  how many reports will it take to shut you up ? 
  and above all - why do n't you care about the black economy . 
  and - again , i 'll stop talking about the black economy as soon as you are net payer to the eu . 
  again - maybe you should n't be on the receiving side if your numbers added up . 
  and i ca n't believe your argument - you guys do not want to pay taxes to your government but you want us to - to pay for the things you do n't contribute too ? 
  wtf - you are to uninterested to pay , but northern money will fix that . 
  and - the `` poor people '' argument does n't hold . 
  are you saying that before the crises you had 0 problems with the black economy ? 
  no , you guys lied then too , and received money for it . 
  why not pay that back then - all before 2008 ? 
  and the fact is - you are part of the problem . 
  listen to yourself . 
  you actually * defend * cheating and attack someone who is complaining about it . 
  who does that apart from someone who supports cheating ? 
  why not say - `` yes sweden , you are absolutely right . 
  it must be so annoying giving money to someone who cheats and spain has had a huge black for decades . 
  perhaps you are right - we should n't even get money . 
  it is so wrong to cheat and you should not have to pay for our cheating ways '' . 
  no , none of that , which should be the normal thing to do . 
  instead you * defend * cheating . 
  who defends cheating apart from a cheater ? 
  you are rather pathetic if your only answer is to complain about the grammar from a non native speaker . 
  i am waiting for the links . 
  no , i can post report after report on those numbers . 
  how many do you med to change your mind ? 
  i 'll link to it , no problem . 
  and the fact that you think it is ok to cheat - do you ? 
  do you think it is ok to cheat ? 
  do you think people who do not deserve money should get it ? 
  do you lie when you receive money ? 
  do you think it is ok for everyone to do it or is it just spanish people . 
  how can you not react to cheating . 
  and we give as much per capita , if not more as anyone else and certainly more than you , so why would n't we be upset ? 
  i am upset by cheating in sweden but because spain does it is it ok ? 
  no wonder you have problems if that is how you dismiss people worried about spanish corruption . 
  your attitude tells me you are part of the problem . 
  i honestly ca n't wrap my head how this can be allowed to go on - i ca n't . 
  i mean , people are dying , and still no one does anything ? 
  it is a g7 country for god 's sake . 
  i know it is corrupt , but i just do n't understand . 
   mr. schiavone had described nighttime operations in which mobsters wearing police uniforms supervised the burial of toxic garbage from as far away as germany . 
  i think the germans want to know about that , where they did it perhaps ? 
  why are n't we boycotting food from this area ? 
  would that perhaps be the turning point that made the italian government act ? 
  i know i personally try to avoid food from this area , ( apparently many italians as well ) like the mozzarella cheese but i wonder how one can be sure that they do n't just drive their milk/cheese/tomatoes to another area of italy and re-label them ? 
  how do i know that the tomatoe sauce/cheese/vegetables are not toxic ? 
  i mean , they have been checked - and many are . 
  so , is the eu going to do anything , or is it up to each country to ban and boycott the food ? 
  honestly , i can understand that italians do n't want their products to be boycotted , but if they contain toxins i dont ' think a lot of people want to eat them . 
  it is impossible to control every batch of everything . 
  i mean - ca n't the italian government start to deal with this stuff , so we do n't have to boycott ? 
  links of course about toxic italian exports/food ( for those who claimed yesteday that i lied and it did n't exist/got exported ) . 
  [ italy urged to contain toxic mozzarella cheese ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/consumers/italy-urged-contain-toxic-mozzar-news-219470 ) . 
  [ toxic dioxin dumped where italy 's buffaloes graze and may have tainted the country 's fine mozzarella cheese ] ( http://blog.seattlepi.com/secretingredients/2008/03/30/toxic-dioxin-dumped-where-italian-buffalo-graze-and-may-have-tainted-the-countrys-fine-mozzarella-cheese/ ) . 
  [ mafia baking txic bread in the back streets of naples ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2008/sep/14/mafia.italy ) . 
  [ beware of toxic italian food from the triangle of death ] ( http://italychronicles.com/beware-toxic-italian-food/ ) . 
  [ contaminated food the new business for the camorra ] ( http://owni.eu/2011/01/28/contaminated-food-the-new-business-for-the-camorra/ ) . 
   where did i blame the swedish fda ? 
  in fact i trust that they are doing their job and you do n't . 
  i also did n't `` demand '' shit , it 's their job to be doing that anyway . 
  they are not going to ask me or you for a permission . 
  you are also making it sound as if the mafia is purposedly trying to `` hack the system '' , just to poison people in sweden . 
  no one can check every batch of every thing that comes out of italy !!!!, 
  no one - not the swedish fda ; not the us fda - no one . 
  that means , that we will get toxic mozzarella cheese - with dioxin in it . 
  should we test every batch of mozzarella cheese for every toxin ? 
  do n't you get it - * no one can do that * ? 
  and since italian food can not be trusted , one should stay clear . 
   what are you some kind of malfunctioning hypochnriac and paranoid semantic web agent ? 
  you are waiting for a `` link '' to tell you that the fda 's job is to do what the fda 's job is ? 
  do you also realize that the moment they 'll find something potentially dangerous , they 'll remove everything from the shelves just to be sure ? 
  are you an idiot who is unable to read ? 
  i have posted the links !, 
  the food from there is toxic - of course it needs to be tested  nyways we both agree that you have magical powers . 
  but with great power comes great responsibility . 
  sometimes using them too much can cloud your judgement . 
  it consumes your soul and leads to madness . 
  maybe you are angering the gods . 
  maybe thor saw all your keen predictions and observations and how much you helped sweden survive all those italian attacks , and he was jealous , he was like `` hey wtf does this guy think he 's doing ? 
  that 's it i 'm going to send this bitch a nasty case of paranoia and hypochondria so he can stfu '' . 
  no , we both agree that you are a ignorant racist who has no sources , and the only thing you are capable of doing is spreading your ignorance . 
  you have n't provided anything but proving that you know nothing . 
  have you even been to europe ? 
  to italy ? 
  ffs - grow a brain . 
  but please , keep on proving your ignorance . 
  all the while people are dying over here , and you argue because of that swedes are racist . 
  and - please . 
  i am looking for the quote where i said i have magical powers . 
  a big strong american like you must find that . 
  i mean , we all know the standards of american food . 
  and - i am waiting for the list of toxic the camorra might have spread over the land . 
  s it has already happened !, 
  that is not how it works . 
  it takes more ham that , a lot more . 
  should the eu make sure that they win ? 
  yes or no ?
