  ` southern europe ' as a block is a net contributor , and that again is during this economic crisis . 
  italy would be a far bigger net contributor if italy could get southern italy to work . 
  southern italy is not a net contributor and take far to much funds . 
  it is like france would give more if the cap was n't geared towards france 's need . 
  the fact that italy ( or any other country for that matter ) is a net contributor is no excuse not to fix their issues down south and be a drain on funds that coudl be better spent elsewhere . 
   they ' who ? 
  italy is a net contributor . 
  its net contribution of 6 billion more than offsets the net inflow of 5,4 billion received by spain , greece and portugal combined . 
  ` southern europe ' as a block is a net contributor , and that again is during this economic crisis . 
  again - not a reason not to fix issues and be a receiver . 
  how many generations is it ok for you not to fix issues for ? 
   maybe , but the way we should do it is by looking at all the evidence and taking a reality-based approach to our policies , rather than assign blame first and then make the data fit our preconceptions . 
  exactly , and in the reality , had it worked , greece should be a net contributor , and , as for the research , it seems like your countrymen / u/neoliberal is not agreeing with you . 
  he also thinks one is not solving the problem with giving research money to the south . 
  the issues seems to be bigger than financial and that is the real problem . 
  the eu ca n't solve the corruption , the ineffectiveness etc , for the south . 
  for example - no one can solve the corruption in italy but the italians . 
  however , the italians seem not to want to  citation needed ] . 
  seriously , you need to prove that corruption has not been reduced in southern europe , you ca n't just state it . 
  should n't there be a steady rise then in the corruption index ? 
  ok , with regards to italy . 
  here are all the old corruption index 's . 
  [ link ] ( http://archive.transparency.org/policy_research/surveys_indices/cpi/previous_cpi ) . 
  in 1995 italy was 34 . 
  now i think italy is 64 ( or was it 63 ) . 
  italy has managed to fall rather spectacular i belive . 
   did a bit of hunting when i was a young child . 
  in my experience , most western hunters tend to be conservationists . 
  in fact , in many nations ( especially the uk ) , hunters help balance out the ecosystem as deer do n't really have any natural predators . 
  yes and no . 
  our hunters in sweden are generally environmentally interested , but also not interested in lynx , wolf or bear since it gives them less to hunt . 
  one of the big problems we have with wolves is that they get illegaly hunted to much . 
   've never heard of anyone killing a bird of prey . 
  i know that if anyone i knew had done such a thing , they would get a pretty severe talking-to ( and , more likely , be sent to prison ) . 
  i do . 
  unfortunately . 
  and no , not prison in sweden , on the off chance that they would get caught . 
   i 'm talking about systemic issues and you try to counter those with one or two counterexamples . 
  my claim was not that it 's impossible to get ahead economically if you 're left behind . 
  it was : `` the countries that have a head-start tend to keep their advantage or even make it bigger '' . 
  and `` tend '' does not mean `` this is what always happens '' , in case you 're wondering . 
  oh , so there was never any systemic issues in asia and eastern europe . 
  got it.frankly , your arguments are being more and more ridiculous . 
  what about greece 's systemic issues of low productivity , low innovation , high corruption and high bureacracy . 
  that is something that is the cause of the situation , but i am sure you blame it on other people as well . 
  well , why have n't you battled that in the last 40 years ? 
  other countries have - successfully . 
  why have n't greece ? 
   i 'm talking about systemic issues and you try to counter those with one or two counterexamples . 
  my claim was not that it 's impossible to get ahead economically if you 're left behind . 
  it was : `` the countries that have a head-start tend to keep their advantage or even make it bigger '' . 
  and `` tend '' does not mean `` this is what always happens '' , in case you 're wondering . 
  what do you mean - left behind ? 
  you were receiving money * far , far * earlier than eastern europe . 
  and who the hell is responsible for including you . 
  why do n't you compete yourself ? 
  again - you are such a fucking victim . 
  it is the most unattractive and whining attitude ever . 
  no other country is responsible for `` taking you with them '' . 
  why do n't you fix your issues yourself ? 
  other countries do it , but you jsut sit there and whine . 
  and countries are ahead becaue they have fixed their problems . 
  you refues to and instead you sit there and blame others . 
  how they hell can anyone be responsible for the corruption and ineffectiveness that is greece ? 
  why should anyone else take responsibility for you ? 
  why ca n't you be respsonible . 
  dear god , you are pathetic . 
   a scientist that can hardly speak in english and uses an appeal to authority . 
  even if you are , you are a disgrace to the scientific method . 
  ah , so you run out of arguments and attack me now . 
  poor baby , it must be really hard being a whiner and despite the obvious evidence never taking any responsibility for one 's action . 
  i understand that your frustration spills over . 
  i am sure it is all the fault of the turks , and the german . 
  of course , the greeks have done everything in their power in the last 40 years to become effective and non corrupt ... ... 
  from what i understand the judge are in charge of the courtroom and as such they have to interpret what goes on there . 
  a lot of communication is non verbal , think of the threating gesture when one mimic the knife cutting a throat for example . 
  a blind person ca n't get that non verbal communication and thus ca n't control the courtroom adequately , at least that is how see it . 
  however , i ca n't see why a blind person ca n't practise law . 
  is hollande officially dating the actress now , or not ? 
  i was just thinking who would be at his side if there was a need for a french first lady , like at an official dinner or something ? 
  i guess he could go alone as well , who cares . 
  as in failing currency unions ? 
  and a more competent currency i guess . 
  that is honestly the most accurate description i 've heard of the eurozone 's behaviour in a while . 
  thanks . 
  because the government ca n't fire the one in charge , nor tell them what to do with the interest rate . 
  sweden have a rather independent central bank for example and it is not unusual that they clash with the government , latest with our minister of finance , anders borg . 
  we redid our whole central bank after the crises during the 90 's . 
  before the government had use them as a tool to cover up their incompetence - they ca n't do that anymore . 
  certainly not perfect , personally i 'd like our central bank to be a bit more like the fed or bank of england , but a lot better than before . 
  and the olympics ... 
  the killing is a brilliant danish series - 2 seasons i belive . 
  the bridge is series 1 and 2 as well . 
  there was a a danish series about a murder/crime solving unit before the killing . 
  mads mikkelsen was in that . 
  i think the name was mordkommissionen in swedish and probably something similar in danish , do not know the english name . 
  they have also made about a gazillion wallander movies , i am not so fond of them actually , but i guess they will do on a sunday lazy evening after the olympics . 
  stay away from anything by camilla l\u00e4ckberg ( books and movies ) and while i recommend the books by arne dahl , the movies are really bad . 
  same can be said of \u00c5sa larsson 's books/movies . 
  good crime novels , bad movie .
