  and , i do not like paying for those areas in sweden too - and i vote to change it every year . 
  i argue against it . 
  i ca n't however vote for the serbs etc.why should i pay for yet another area . 
  and , the eu has permanent recipient countries . 
  i am not ok with that . 
  why should i be . 
  please tell me the scientifically why greece and portugal can not become net recipients ? 
  i 'd like to see the studies . 
  why should my parents , i , my children and perhaps my grandchildren pay for greece . 
  why ca n't they become payers ? 
  yes , it is healthier . 
  i think the eu banned it because they did n't want to add another tobacco product , even if it is `` healthier '' . 
   there is also no proof of otherwise . 
  as we have agreed before , a scientific study needs to be done . 
  each country may be specific . 
  or not . 
  are you serious ? 
  you seem to be rather science oriented to me so i am sure that you understand that you do not understand that one can not prove a negative ? 
  and i am sure you understand argument for accepting the serbs when that we can not prove that it will * not * work , despite the fact that it * has n't * work . 
   all those countries are already in , and the eu has nothing to offer them exactly , it is why we should n't add another one . 
   i wish it were that easy . 
  as a citizen of a candidate country , without a doubt i can tell you that the accession process does not add to the corruption . 
  eu points to failures , both acute and chronical , that our politicians would like very much to hide . 
  it is an amazingly pervasive process , and goes from the botched privatizations to the lgbt rights . 
  i know that , and i do n't mind helping out , outside of the eu . 
  i however do not want yet another country that is corrupt and will add to the corruption in the eu . 
   to dissolution . 
  that is why i think that under no circumstances we should be let in if after the end of accession talks we are still as corrupted as we are now . 
  that is so sad . 
  do you know how one best battle corruption , as in studies etc. 
  i would like to emphasise that this has nothing to do with individual serbs , or that serbs is very bad country . 
  i look at it from the point of the eu and sweden . 
  i just do n't really see how this will work from the eu 's point of view . 
  so you will be net payer and not corrupt ? 
   as i said before , you are making very valid points , although my views are a bit less ... harsh . 
  it is nothing personal . 
  i am against adding net recipients , and i think one should be at some sort of minimum level before joining the eu . 
   i see where you are coming from but i hope that eu will not let us in in a state that bulgaria and romania were when they got in . 
  frankly , they were let in to early , and while not being up to date about the current development in serbia i hardly think you are above them . 
  in addition to that i am also against joining too corrupt countries . 
  adding corruption to an already corrupt eu - where will that lead us ? 
   we are not into this for charity , but for equal opportunities that our neighbours already have . 
  so , will you pay then ? 
  hardly . 
  it does n't matter why you are in , and i do n't think you can deny that you want those eu billions and you will still be on the receiving end for decades . 
  that is a huge problem , as well as the corruption . 
   i am sure the economy will follow , even with no or very limited cohesion funds . 
  i 'd like scientific proof for that statement . 
  one ca n't add a country on the basis of being sure . 
  also , with regards to the cohesion funds - as it stands , you would recieve cohesion funds , and other funds , simply because you are qualified for it . 
  not your fault , but it would be another idiotic drain on the eu finances . 
  nor is the eu likely to strike a deal with you where you not receive them . 
  so yes , for decades to come you would receive money , billions from us , that will not affect tyour develpment in the slightest , but be a drainage . 
  not serbias fault , you did n't start the funds , but you will be a net recipient for decades , in particular since you are in a bad shape . 
  the problem is that someone pays for those eu millions , and there is less and less of us . 
  the second problem is that they do not work . 
  there is absolutely no proof that they would work for serbia , if they have n't worked elsewhere . 
   otherwise we stand no chance . 
  who are we to trade with ? 
  we can make a trade deal . 
  i just do n't think we should add another country that will drain the recources even more . 
  and , other countries outside the eu are surviving , well i might add . 
  besides , do you think it is good for an organisation to keep adding net recipients , one after another , and add corruption ? 
  how do you think it affects an organisation ? 
   if during the accession talks they make us deal with the corruption , sorry , will not happen . 
  i am sure you want to deal with it , but if the eu ca n't make greece , italy and bulgaria deal with it , why should serbia be different ? 
  any country that want to free themselves of corruption has to do it themselves . 
  the eu is not magic bullet that will make you corrupt free . 
  in fact , i think we add to the corruption . 
  yes , and i am not surprised about that . 
  carl bildt was one of the eu 's ambassodors ( or whatever it is called ) on the balkans in the 90 's . 
  he has never met a balkan country , or any country really , he does n't want to include in the eu . 
  the eu is one of the those things where the people 's will and the politicians will are completely different . 
  for example , all our big parties are pro eu , and many of them are pro euro . 
  when you ask the people however , around 50 % are pro eu and 13 % wants to join the euro ... 
  however , what our politicians do n't like , carl bildt included , is unnecessary spending . 
  the eu has no control over its cohesion funds and do not seem to care about just adding another net recipient after another . 
  nor do they care that we have created a permanent class of countries that are always on the receiving end - even after more than 30 years of receiving money . 
  that is problematic , and i 'd say all of our politicians apart from those in folkpartiet think so . 
   the problem is that ideology-driven concepts often do n't take economics and practicality into account . 
  a great eu could have been attained if we actually took our time to make smart decisions . 
  yes , but we do n't and we refuse to . 
  and , if one tries to stop it , one gets attacked , from everywhere . 
   i 'm for the eu as a whole maybe i am for the eu you are dreaming about , but that eu does not exist , nor will it ever . 
  i am against the current one . 
  we have a lot of those words in swedish too . 
  i am thinking of popping by the snus store at kungsgatan to see if they are celebrating . 
  not that i use the stuff though , i have tried it once for all of 20 seconds when i was 16 and it was horrible . 
  champagne however - i like that !, 
  this new tobacco legislation is of course reported in sweden as ** our snus is saved ** , since it also mean that we can keep on selling and making snus in sweden :-) . 
  some girls who want to binge drink while staying thin do not think like that . 
  it has n't been chosen yet for 2013 . 
  for 2012 they had a lot of words , a few that readers of / r/europe might relate to is * nomofobi - the fear of not being reached on ones smart phone , * eurob\u00e4vning / euroquake - when the euro cooperation is shaken from its foundations , * kopism-the political/religious ideology with freedom of information at its center . 
  * humbot - a very human robot * drinkorexia - people who starve themselves during the day so that they can drink at night . 
  they killed them . 
  now they are only stuck with the ilks of the kartrashians , the worst lobbyist possible . 
  thank you for your post  in this case , the echr adjudged that it would be against freedom of expression ( as provided by the convention ) to criminalize the kind of questioning of the veracity of the claims that the events in armenia were to be denoted as genocide . 
  i think that is good . 
  one should be allowed to hold factually incorrect and impopular opinions . 
  is it an offence to deny the holocaust ?
