  my brother and i are still debating if she truly does n't know that we have a king , or if the word monarchy was too difficult for a woman of 35 . 
  it is the productivity that is low in the south , not the working hours . 
  as in people work more but produce less . 
  i think they ca n't evacuate him/carry him in a lifeboat or something . 
  i mean , since he is so handicapped that he ca n't really move and is counted as disable , i think they have to be able to do that . 
  also , the stairs in boats are farily narrow , at least of you need a `` mobility scooter '' and weigh the same amount as a small female elk . 
  i wonder why they did n't buy 2-3 seats for him . 
  i think most airlines take you if you do that . 
  they have special seat belts extensions too if the normal one will not fit you . 
  i sat next to a woman once who had it . 
  we have it in sweden too , but it is sort of a bit lower class/white trash . 
  perhaps a bit like this guy . 
  that is the spirit of every single post , or should be at least :-) swede, 
  poor man . 
  i am always torn between feeling sorry for people like him , mixed with some frustration as to `` why they do n't just diet '' . 
  however , i 've come to understand that when you are that poor mans size it is like an addiction , an addiction one has to handle . 
  evidently , this poor man ca n't . 
  wonder what sort of treatment he had received in the us . 
  btw , french people . 
  is kevin a normal french name ? 
  are you being ironic ? 
  i was a bit pc when i said it . 
  i admit . 
  it is rubbing off on me . 
  help !, 
  that sweden have an overly political correct atmosphere that makes it more difficult to criticise certain groups for certain behaviour . 
  i think if you behave like an idiot , you should be criticised . 
  i never said there was not a problem , i just do n't think one solves discrimination with more discrimination . 
  which is evident if you look at the us who despite their discrimination/affirmative action is behind us . 
  and , culture is a choice , do n't hide behind that . 
  you as a nation can choose differently . 
  do you think we were where we are now100 years ago ? 
  it was choices and fights made by many that changed it . 
  just like one can see the change in attitude towards lbgtq-people all over the western world . 
  you did n't have to discriminate straight people for that , did you ? 
  why not do the same with women . 
  and just as culture changes , so can political systems . 
  if you do n't like yours , change it . 
  however , you have no scientific base for claiming that your brand of discrimination works . 
  if it did , all countries with affirmative action would be ahead of the nordic ones . 
  they are not . 
  what you are suggesting is not just scientifically wrong , as proven , but also morally wrong . 
  discrimination is never the answer - elevated if done by the state . 
  period !, 
  sad but true . 
  you are the one defending discrimination , legal one . 
  i am not the ones saying we should have laws cavorting one gender . 
  that is the very definition of discrimination . 
  you still ca n't tell me why you can not take the path we have , one of the most equal countries in the world , and we do n't discriminate like you want . 
  why ca n't you ? 
  sources and links please . 
  and , if affirmative action worked , the us would be more equal then sweden . 
  they are not . 
  so , again , why not walk oiler path ? 
  that is not women , and the us has been severly critiscised for how it takes in people who are less qualified . 
  affarmative action is discrimination based on stuff like sex , race and gender , and you advocate that ? 
  how on earth can you do that ? 
  and , sweden are * not * a country with quotas , yet we are one of the most equal socities in the world . 
  yet , instead of taking our route , you advocate for a route that is not only highly controversial , but also discriminating . 
  why do you like discrimination ? 
  why ca n't you advocate for equality other ways , like we do ? 
  the best swedish series is berglins , that you can find in svenska dagbladet ( or books ) . 
  they are however in swedish and about swedish middle class life , so i am not sure how a foreigner will understand them . 
  i think however that sweden/norway is close enough for a norwegian to appreciate them . 
   scripta manent , if it talks like a duck etc. 
  i feel safe jumping to conclusions in this occasion . 
  it 's not the first time i 've seen this around here . 
  everything that goes against the current is a no-no for most people from the north . 
  so you admit to the fact that you are a prejudicial asshole who discriminates based on geography , even as i was only discussing the headline . 
  that is weird , you said stuff about me that you refused to back up but you said they were true . 
  did you lie ? 
  if i were you , i 'd say that it is typical greek of you not to back up your claim with fact , and being discriminating and prejudicial . 
  however , i am not a racist , like you are , i am not saying all greeks are racist , just that you are . 
  racist !, 
  how are they working ? 
  sources . 
  are women in countries with quotas more equal than women in sweden for example ? 
  and , how are the companies affected ? 
  and , give me one single reason why we should stop at women ? 
  why not lgbtq-people ? 
  immigrants ? 
  handicapped ? 
  people with psychiatric disorders ? 
  etc and , i am swedish . 
  the first wave of women were not forced in by quotas , not here , not in canada , uk , us etc. 
  i ca n't see that the facts match with what you are saying . 
  no one is denying there are not prejudice and discrimination , least of all me , against all sorts of people . 
  women , immigrants , handicapped , lgbtq - people etc. 
  i do n't think however that quotas is the way to tackle this issues . 
  so what will he tell samantha ? 
  yes , but what put us in that circle ? 
  certainly not as good skiing as the alps , but try [ riksgr\u00e4nsen ] ( http://en.riksgransen.se/ ) in may/june . 
  me and a few friends are seriously thinking of celebrating midsummer up there , it is really cool . 
  if you have skied a lot , at least you are in for something different . 
  it is a fun place . 
  i wonder why large areas of europe are lagging behind . 
  is it bureacracy ? 
  the neverending corruption ? 
  did i understand this correctly that even porn where both people are willing adults and just acting out a fantasy will be banned ? 
  for example , if rebekah brooks dresses up a dominatrix , ties a willing david cameron to a chair and rapes him ?
