  whether they were removed , had to move because of the sami , etc , is rather uniteresting , apart from a historical point of view . 
  what is important , is that the sami , who has been discriminated , are not any more , have a chance to their own language etc. 
  that they have been badly treated , is not the issue . 
  but so has the romas , and we most certainly have n't colonialized them . 
  therefore , i find it rather fascinating , that , when swedish historians/archeology professors can come to the conclusion that we will never really know ( also , was someone there before the ice age , we will never know ) , that you can claim to have inside information on this . 
  frankly , i believe those who has studied this their whole life , not anonymous internet person who has a weird , own definition of colonialism that goes back to the stone age . 
  it sounds like everyone is avoiding taxes , and everyone complains . 
  sounds like viscous circle to me . 
   the middle class is not participating in building the country . 
  in fact they 're leeching on the services that should be for the poor , because they also pay less for services that are taxed depending on the income ( including school ) . 
  oh , ok , then i have misunderstood you . 
  but then , how can the middle class complain then , if they behave like that ? 
  i have understood that everyone complains about the corruption ( and i understand that , it affects everyone apart from the mob negatively ) , but one is a hypocrite if one complains about it , while at the same time adding to the corruption . 
  italy needs to fix this , but frankly , i do n't know how . 
   i 'm not so sure if that applies to greece too . 
  yes , but it is not all the fault of the politicians . 
  it is the civil servant who lets himself get bought , the hospital director who gets a new car , the principal who gets her rent paid etc. 
  it is across the board , and that is how one has to attack it too . 
   i would n't want to pay taxes too if i had the feeling i get nothing in return . 
  while i can understand that feeling , nothing ever changes if everyone acts like that . 
  i wish i had the solution to corruption , but i do n't . 
  what i do know thought is that it is the greeks that have to fix this , and they have to fix it at every level , and that means not just fighting the corruption ( which i am sure that they hate more than anyone ) , it also means that on a personal level , one has to start to pay taxes . 
  well , it is just one tax rate . 
  we have the luck of combining them all , and , to a much larger degree , paying them . 
  also , sweden 's tax rate seems unusually low , we have an average around 43 % , and it can be more than 60 % if you are really lucky ... could you explain what effective social security rate means ? 
  i think it is weird that we do n't seem to have one , considering a company pays at least 22,5 % just for the lovely honour of being able to employ you ... [ here ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/04/27/highest-income-tax-burdens_n_1459311.html#slide=913606 ) are some studies of 2012 , highest taxes . 
  [ another one ] ( http://www.therichest.org/business/the-top-ten-countries-with-the-highest-tax-rates/ ) . 
  also , as i have understood it , they do n't pay property taxes ( or have n't at all , until recently ) and have also been very skillfull at dodging taxes , not just something for the little elite . 
  so , even when they do get taxed , they pay less , since the tax collector is open for bribery . 
  [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_tax_rates ) is wiki on countries tax rates , but that does n't include all the tax rates , like property tax , inheritance tax ( which we actually do n't have any more ) , wealth tax etc. 
  on a personal level though , we can get taxed almost up to 60 % , that is a lot . 
   that 's exactly my point about correlation between self-employment and evasion . 
  yes , but you claimed it was only the rich that evaded . 
  that means that the non-rich are just as bad too . 
  it is their fault as well then , if italy is n't working , is n't it ? 
   in italy , only 1 % of the population declares 100.000 euros gross income or more well , then a ) 100 000 is not middle class then , for italy b ) you yourself have said that tax evasion is rampant , so that statistic is probably skewed . 
  i think it was eleanor roosevelt that said `` equality begins at home '' ( i can be wrong ) and that goes for italians as well . 
  paying taxes begins at home too . 
  it can certainly not be blamed on the rich if everyone think it is a good idea to avoid taxes , then it is everyone faults . 
  and only italy can fix it , as well . 
   service that does n't come , because most of the rich do n't pay taxes . 
  but is that the only answer ? 
  in sweden that would certainly not be enough - we do not have that many rich , that they could/can account for the deficits in the system . 
  is the money used efficiently ? 
  are there corruption among the tax collectors , the politicians that allocate the money , the people who receive the allocated money ( can for example a hospital director have a new car , bought for tax payers money . 
  a headmaster at a university get his rent paid ? ) . 
  are all the companies , even the small ones paying the taxes ? 
  is every little restaurant in naples diligently paying to the tax man ? 
  i have no doubt that you are right in the fact that the rich are tax evaders , but i think that is only part of the answer . 
  after all , it is sort of the middle class that shapes a country . 
  considering i did it from my phone at my extra work during a break and i have a shitty pay - probably 2 sek . 
   the problem is that most people must pay . 
  well , yes , that is how a functioning state works . 
  everyone pay taxes in sweden , everyone , even people on welfare . 
   if you are employed , taxes are deducted straight from your paycheck . 
  same in sweden . 
  how on earth would it look like if it was otherwise ? 
  it would be massive corruption . 
   on the other hand , most rich people are self-employed and have a lot of ways to evade taxation . 
  well , by all means , go after them , but that does n't mean you should change the way you deduct taxes for normal people . 
   so , those who actually need services usually are the ones who pay taxes . 
  those who do n't need them , and would help fund those services , are the ones who do n't pay . 
  but , tax evasion is n't only done by the rich in greece , nor is bribery . 
  by all means , go after the rich and the politicians , but that does n't mean that the rest of the greek people should be let off the hook . 
  in the end , only the greeks can change the greek system . 
  it * is * you , unfrustatedbro/carl sagan coward . 
  i 'd recognise that speech anywhere . 
  why do you hide all the time ? 
  new flag even . 
  and here i thought you were a proud finn , not afraid to hide . 
  i found it fascinating that +200 years after sweden lost finland , you still ca n't let go . 
  you spend so much time following us around , being a little troll etc. 
  you even make up stuff , like blaming sweden for the euro crises . 
  why ca n't you let go ? 
  according to other people in this thread , apparently you are a colonial power if you have ever invaded and owned a country for a while , so hungary , slovenia etc.personally that is not what i mean with colonialism , nor do i think it is the common definition , but they seem to be determined . 
  by that logic , every country in europe is a colonial power , perhaps with the exception of andorra , ireland and maybe some other country . 
  ( luxemburg did invade countries as part of the holy roman empire , did n't they ? ) . 
  lichtenstein perhaps . 
  so , the whole term looses its meaning of course . 
  is it you unfrustratedbro ? 
  carl sagan cowardly ? 
  i wonder why so many trolls are finnish , and racists as well . 
  probably , but as you noticed , in my original answer i specified , that sweden were never a colonial power like france/britain . 
  nor do any of the asylum seekers come from finland . 
  nor did we create and re - did the borders ( russia did that through war ) the same way the colonial powers of the 19th century did ( you do know that we lost finland in 1809 do n't you ) , nor did we commit genocide like the belgians , crush cultures like the spanish etc. 
  if you are asking if we once invaded and took a neighbouring country - yes , but that is not what most people understand with colonial powers and i am pretty sure you knew that . 
  are you claiming that we were ? 
  yes , but hardly like france/britain/belgium et al did . 
  and , to be honest , finland was n't really a colony , it was seen as a part of our country . 
  well , to get service someone always have to pay . 
  as i understand it , the greeks are extremely good at dodging taxes too , it does n't all come down to the politicians in this case - it is wide spread . 
  how can one expect service if one does n't pay ? 
  second highest taxes in the world . 
  everything is taxed . 
  you have no idea what tax everything to the max means . 
  sorry , southern europeans - we scandinavians win this one , and it is not even a contest / sweden , second highest taxed country in the world after denmark. , ,, 
  no , not in sweden at least , considering we never really had a colonial history if you compare us to france , britain etc. 
  no , i do n't think any of the countries ever pretended to play by the rules . 
  actually , only finland and estonia are the only ones that has . 
  in fact , greece , italy and belgium should n't even had been allowed in ( the debt is supposed to be no more than 60 % of gdp ) .
