  obviously , there is no right answer to this . 
  i personally would guess more on journalists/writers - they have more influence i think . 
  interesting fact is that when time magazine did their last `` 100 most influental people '' two swedes were on the list , professor [ hans rosling ] ( http://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/hans_rosling ) , [ link to his ted talk ] ( http://www.ted.com/talks/hans_rosling_shows_the_best_stats_you_ve_ever_seen.html ) and [ daniel ek ] ( http://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/daniel_ek ) , creator of spotify . 
  since i am somewhat nicer now i can answer you a bit more . 
  i honestly thought btw , that my answer was clear - we just do not want it . 
  on this board r/europe , people are somewhat positive . 
  i think if you asked in europe , people less so . 
  mostly the people who are positive are that since they think brussels will be less corrupt than their own governments . 
  understandable , but maybe not the reason to start a union . 
  or , they are liberals , the special kind ... 
  it is one of those things that looks good on paper , but do n't work out in real life ( like a union between brazil/us/russia ) . 
  also , if we are speaking strictly financially , for a currency union to work the economies have to be somewhat similar or the transfers will be enormous ( example east/west germany , they have pumped in trillions into east germany ) , for the transfers to be enormous , there needs to be public support and a working transfer system . 
  we have , ( nor will we have it , since we do n't really want to ) neither . 
  unfortunately , one can see the consequences of that in southern europe . 
  i feel very sorry for them ( and think they should leave the euro who is wrongly constructed ) , but there is no way in hell i am going to send 20 % of our gdp south . 
  nor do i want brussels to have more power - i want less . 
  frankly , our politicians seems better at balancing the budgets and less corrupt then they do . 
  that is perhaps more from my perspective , plus an economical one . 
  i do think however , that a lot of people do not want a united states of europe due to the simple fact - we do not feel like one country , and we do n't even want to ... 
  and , to top it off , we also have the disastrous example of the most imperfect of currency unions , the eurozone to guide us . 
  the leadership has really been top notch ... 
   have i dumbed the question down enough for you to understand it ? 
  since you seem to be a rude idiot , i 'll answer this in a way even you can understand . 
  we do not want a union . 
  same reason the americans do not want a union with brazil , russia and france . 
  not because you particularely hate them , but you are americans , not french/brazil . 
  you do not want to rename your country the `` great france '' , or whatever the name is going to be , nor are you to keen on importing , how can i say it , `` the somewhat allowing attitude towards bribery in russia '' nor are you interested in the russian orthodox church explaining what they should do in the senate . 
  you do not want to be outnumbered in a few years but the brasilians , and spend most of the federal money un russia . 
  i can go on forever why you do not want it - not because you hate russians/brazilians/french people in particular , you just do not believe in that a union with them would work . 
  you are the us , they are france/brasil etc - good so . 
  sure , you do not mind perhaps starting a trade union with brasil and a education exchange with france - but * you are not one country * . 
  on paper it would probably be great , just like you said . 
  you would be the absolute biggest country in the world , have superduperpower , and , you would have this great senate ( they might even let it be in washington every 4th year ) . 
  but , at the end of the day you are afraid of loosing power , money , and above all - you do not want to because you do not feel connected to the russians . 
  so , can you stop being a rude idiot now ? 
  because it is bad creating any sort of union against the peoples will , particularely if those people are fond of democracy ? 
  enlighten someone who is ignorant ( me ) . 
  what is beurette ? 
  tuga ? 
  raincoat ? 
  and are n't the icelandish people really - weird ? 
  why do they like native americans so much ? 
  yes , i know it is just words , but i figured since it contained a lot of porn words i would mark it anyway . 
  obviously it is up to the spaniards to decide , but i thought this king had a lot of support from the population through his support for the democracy in the `` coup '' of 1981 ( or was it 1980 ? 
  but the current cap is necessary , i have been told that a hundred times by people . 
  i guess it is important that we protect the those tobacco farmers for tax money while we cut down on research and erasmus . 
  nor do i want cheaper food - - as long as the farmers get theirs , no questions can be asked . 
  what do they want to renegotiate ? 
  because we do not want one . 
  we have not voted for it . 
  aha , i thought you knew . 
  i am a bit of a history nerd perhaps , but i really like that subreddit . 
  it is also heavily moderated , just like [ ask science ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/ ) , so trolls have no chance . 
  i also visit [ true reddit ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/truereddit/ ) or [ food for thought ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/foodforthought/ ) about once a week for the articles . 
  or longform , but that is not reddit :-), 
  personally i think he is doing the right thing , but i am not a french socialist who voted for him to create a socialistic france . 
  what sort of changes ? 
   ok , next time we 'll have igelkotten come down and do the elections for us . 
   it makes no sense to say `` elect someone with a clear majority '' . 
  if you have  2 parties , it is obviously possible that none gets 50 % . 
  frankly , no one can fix italy but the italians , but as you so blatantly have made clear to us , you do not want to . 
  i think that says a lot . 
  sweden has a minority government , 8 parties in the parlament , and we are doing fine . 
  so is denmark , the netherlands , finland . 
  the key is to actually realise that stuff has to change , and have all the major parties agree to that . 
  so , do n't blame it on not having the same system as the us/uk - they are not doing to well either btw . 
   the second is that austerity sucks big . 
  i agree that a large part of it was necessary , but it still sucks . 
  austerity is not about removing waste , it 's about finding money . 
  and if things got worse for you because of austerity , you do not vote for the people who approved those measures . 
  i know austerity sucks big time ( nor do i agree with it ) , but if you do not like it - leave the currency union then ( which i think you should , but not soleley for not liking austerity , i think the euro as a union suck , and the leadership sucks too ) . 
  italy/spain/greece , have had a loss in internal competitiveness since 2001-2008 which is the equialent of 20-30 % ( eurostat ) . 
  also , italy has had a a trade deficit for ages - that meanst that you have to borrow money . 
  so , unlike before you can not write down the italian currency to make people buy your products , to make it cheaper to invest . 
  the only think you can do to increase your competition is to lower the costs and one of the biggest costs is salaries and the state expenses . 
  also , that is no argument for not dealing with corruption , tax evasion and structural reforms . 
  if you did those stuff , you would be 3/4 of the way . 
   that 's just stupid . 
  there are no eurobonds , which would be the equivalent of us bonds . 
  the german are rightly against them , because they would behave like you write . 
  but until each country has its own sovereign debt , the differences tend to get amplified instead . 
  when italian and spanish interest rates soared , germany was loaning money at almost-negative rates . 
  now that italian and spanish rates are more reasonable , german rates are raising . 
  the german rates are rising exactly because of the reasons * i said - the germans are paying for the italian risk * . 
  you just quoted that i was right !, 
  you do not seem to understand that the euro is a currency union ? 
  and thus , the interest rates gets calculated like other currency unions ( like the us and germany , or the uk for example ) . 
  are you denying that ? 
  you honestly do not even seem to calcualate the economics of currency unions in your answer . 
  the action ( or the lack of them in italy 's case ) reflects on * all * the countries in the union , and thus , on the interest rate . 
  do n't you get that ? 
  are you saying that i am wrong about this . 
  besides , you still have n't posted * links * , which i asked of you , to why the artificial propping up is n't happening . 
  also , are you saying that my example with the interest rates being higher for the finns ( for example ) than it should be is wrong ? 
  if so , why , and links please . 
  because if it is right , you are admitting to costing tax payers in the eurozone billions every day , since the italians risk is included when a finn pay for his/hers mortage . 
  so , if i am wrong about that , i would like for you to explain why , * with * links to credible newspapers and academic journals . 
  you do not seem to want to do that . 
  otherwise , i will not believe you , since i do not think you can have any credible links . 
  your welcome .
