  i wonder how many people do agree with you , and that include greeks . 
  would they loan money to their government ? 
  what a coincidence . 
  right before the elections . 
  i am sure she 'll say and do the same in two years , she is not trying to win votes , not at all . 
  haha . 
  the book was originally written as a geography book for swedish children if you remember his adventures . 
  flying through denmark - well , then the book would have been fifty pages and it would have been declared `` flat '' . 
  nils holgersson is swedish . . 
  i am sure akka and nils can kick holgers ass though . 
  bairns - in swedish children is called `` barn '' . 
  interesting btw , i had never heard of him before . 
  yes , that is probably it , since western and central europe at least do n't seem to be loosing , and sweden/finland is actually gaining . 
  well , yes , in sweden one has to replace the forrests one cuts down . 
  the problem is however - * what * do you replace them with , and * what * is it that you cut down ? 
  also , sweden have a problem , that while agriculture is less and less profitable , our ( few ) meadows and fields are actually disappearing . 
  we have the opposite problem of most of the europe . 
  we would need ( more ) money to keep our fields and meadows clear so the forrest does n't take over . 
  our forrest is growing , and we do n't really need that . 
  no , not cold . 
  we have cold in sweden and finland too . 
  my bet is montanous terrain . 
  i am not speaking against unions , i just listed reasons why people choose not to join . 
  i guess people thought it was a really bad answer . 
  or they love unions . 
  or both . 
   id you have a favorite ? 
  no , not really . 
  germany felt culturally closer than the us . 
  germany and austria was pretty similar ( do n't kill me germans/austrians ) . 
  interesting i guess . 
  good to learn german properly . 
   probably hard to live up to sweden though no , not at all . 
  i do n't know a ) what there is to live up to b ) i hardly lived abroad to compare maternity leave programs or social justice systems or something like that . 
  what i missed was ( apart from friends , family , food and familarity ) was nature actually . 
  now i 'd like to try something more different and learn a new language . 
  ** sweden ** this has been discussed a lot in sweden , and actually the breeding programs are slowly changing , and it is getting discussed - a lot . 
  however , there 's a lot of problems of course , there is always very difficult to change the attitudes , but it has certainly started . 
  i 'd say it is like a big ship - the ship has not turned yet , but we , dog lovers in sweden has started to turn the stering wheel , and the ship is slowly following . 
   are there any known breeds from your country that are properly bred with a focus on their health ( or at least not fashion ) yes , most of our national dog breeds actually . 
  with that i mean that they are fairly healthy and mostly focused on performance/temperament , not looks . 
  a bit of it is perhaps due to the fact that the bad side effects of dog breeding have been on the agenda for at least two decades , but a lot has to do with the fact that the swedish breeds mostly are working dogs and if they work you focus more on performance than looks . 
  here are some of our swedish dogs . 
  [ j\u00e4mthund / swedish elkhound ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/j%c3%a4mthund ) . 
  [ danish swedish farmdog ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/danish_swedish_farmdog ) [ swedish vallhound ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_vallhund ) [ swedish lapphund ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_lapphund ) ( my favourite among the swedish breeds ) . 
   are there any eu regulations on this ? 
  not that i have heard about , and i think it is not covered by eu laws . 
   does anyone know a good way to lobby against this ? 
  in sweden it has been brought up by the swedish veterinarian association ( which have had a huge impact ) , and by different groups of dog owners . 
  many of them are subgroups to the swedish dogowners association ( svenska kennelklubben ) . 
  now it is up on * their * agenda too ( whether they want it not ) . , which is a good thing . 
  another group in sweden that has lobbied for better breeding is `` djurens r\u00e4tt '' , an animal rights group association . 
  true , the duchess of alba is nor for the faint of hearted , i have seen pictures of her with clothes on and my eyes still hurts . 
  it was very nice of you to describe jordan as a singer though . 
   it would be a carnage . 
  perhaps it is better just burning cars when i think about it , less bloody and painful . 
  and the yellow countries ? 
  germany , austria , us, 
  i think it was an interesting article that did raise a few questions . 
  they wanted more `` young '' forrests , and an end to deforestation . 
  i wonder which countries that are currently `` deforresting '' ? 
  it is not us , we have the opposite problem , and i imagine it is the same for finland . 
  also , it will be interesting if we take into account our forrests when/if the next kyoto protocol get signed . 
  here they are talking about a pan-european approach to that and it will be interesting to see how that works . 
  can it be sold ? 
  can denmark add the swedish forrests to offset their co2 emissions ? 
  anyway , it was an interesting article , thank you for posting it . 
  i think you should retaliate in a cruel and unusual manner . 
  force the culprits to listen to katie price/jordan singing or watch piers morgans show and listen to him go on about his ethics . 
  nude pictures of rupert murdoch will probably also make the spanish people want to eat their own eyeballs . 
  true . 
  i do n't know really . 
  perhaps there are more of them which equals more sightings . 
  perhaps they have cooler airplanes/larger military which at least to me equals more sightings . 
  or , perhaps the aliens just like france and the uk more :-) . 
  i have lived abroad , and i did missed sweden . 
  but that does n't mean that i did n't like my time abroad , or that i could n't imagining doing it again . 
  i think it is good to go abroad for a while , if one has the possibility . 
  and , doing it for a little while , the pros might be bigger than the cons . 
  it is not luck , it is skill :-) . 
  nah , just joking . 
  sweden is a decent country to live in but it would be fun to live abroad and learn new languages/cultures . 
  no , i do n't believe it is a tradition either , but they do have truly weird libel laws . 
  england - the country where you can be sued for publishing truthful scientific studies . 
  i do n't think i am about to move ( and then it would most likely be norway or germany ) but i would like to live in spain and/or russia for a year . 
  mostly because i have just started to learn spanish and i would like to learn it fluently . 
  russia - well it is very different and i imagine it would be interesting . 
  am i the only one who hears mando diao as soon as i turn on the radio ? 
  do n't really mind it though . 
  i do n't think i have eaten there in over five years . 
  not that it makes me good , it just means i am gluten intolerant and do n't like their gluten free burgers . 
  a little known side effect and source of irritation with the gluten free diet - it sucks when you are hungover and wants to pig out. :-) . 
  i had fruit and yoghurt for breakfast - wanted something fat and unhealthy . 
  yes , but i was hungover . 
  most swedish people agree i belive . 
  it was a few social democrats , not the whole party , nor have i heard of any other party that agrees with them . 
  this is obviously not a serious map ( or perhaps serious for the ufo hunters among us ) but i thought it could work for a lazy sunday . 
  the map was taken from [ this ] ( http://www.ufoevidence.org/generalsightings.htm ) site . 
  question - does one want a lot of sightings or not ? 
  i am rather happy that we are not in top .
