  if one keep rewarding people for being ineffective , they are going to stay that way . 
  and , discrimination of countries . 
  how can one support discrimination ? 
  and why are we subsidising wine and tobacco ? 
  we had a less regulated ( as in more adjusted to the world market ) agricultural policy before we joined , and it was n't more expensive . 
  nor did we fear the corruption , nor did we have food shortage nor were we discriminated . 
  and , we did n't have to support fucking wine , tobacco and flowers . 
  we are not making anything from this , we are supporting bad practises , corruption and we are being discriminated against . 
  if the rest of the eu want endless subsidies , please go ahead , but i am not paying for it . 
  and , please , do n't just write `` change that '' . 
  well , they are not changing . 
  do n't you think northern europe has tried it for decades ? 
  i am * not * signing up my children to pay for stupid policies , like i have been forced to do . 
  if europe had wanted change they would have . 
  it is not happening , so it should be returned to the countries . 
  so - support it back then or become more effective ? 
  right now france is forcing us to pay for their and spains wine , and spain is supporting them . 
  not to mention that sweden is being discriminated . 
  if spain cared about justice they would not have sided with france then . 
  why should i pay for wine and tobacco ? 
  besides , spain has fought against cap reformations for ages . 
  maybe you should n't have . 
  why should i have to be discriminated against and pay for wine and tobacco in ineffective practises ? 
  that is what is happening now , and that is grossly unfair !, 
  however , spain has n't given one shit about that - why should i care for them then ? 
   i 'm not only sitting and complaining at germany . 
  come on ... no true , certainly not only ( sorry ) , but i vividly remember you saying it would all be better if the ecb just broke the rules ( and blamed germany in the process ) and had an inflation of 4 % . 
  apart from it being illegal , it is undemocratic . 
  you , and the ones who are on your side never care what is legal , or what is realistic . 
  or complaining about the bail out conditions . 
  you know my stance - do n't take them then . 
   you do n't get downvotes for that . 
  you get downvotes for accusing other people of being undemocratic when they propose that solution to the eurozone problem . 
  no one 's denying that it has to be done democratically or not at all . 
  no , that is not it . 
  i have asked you a gazillion times , and others to , to explain to me , in detail how they are going to get the north to vote yes to a transfer union . 
  then you sway away , start talking about eurobonds , and when i say you * still * need to change the treaty for that etc. 
  than you and your cronies accuse me of `` being negative '' etc , and `` that you are not trying to be undemocratic at all , you just do n't want to change the treaty , but still want financial transfers '' . 
  excuse me , that * does * go against the treaty and anything against the treaty and the rules ( like an inflation rate of 4 % ) have to be called undemocratic . 
  or , do you think doing things outside of the rules is democratic ? 
  i get downvoted becaue you ( and i do n't mean you personally actually ) and your guys do n't like to hear about how the suggestions are not really realistic . 
  in fact , most people do n't seem to know that there are a treaty , and it has to be voted about by 28 countries . 
  or , that the rules states that one country should n't bail out another . 
  btw , i have asked you before , and ask you again - how are you going to change the treaty ? 
  how are you going to get us to vote yes ? 
  because , sweden will say no , i can guarantee it.as will all northern countries how are you going to change the treaty ? 
  i mean , if one follows the suggestions you make , one always end up in treaty and rules changes . 
  you have to have a plan , or realise that it is unrealistic that they will change , and the way most people seem to go abou it , undemocratic . 
  also is n't it undemocratic suggesting that the ecb should have a higher intererst rate than 2 % without changing the rules ? 
  and , if you suggests that - how are you going to change the rules ? 
  i am very interested in how you would go about it . 
   you realise that even if greece exits the eurozone , it will get a discount on paying for its trade deficit by depreciating its currency , right ? 
  i 'm only advocating for a more direct and honest way of doing getting the same result . 
  there 's no way to get around this problem , it 's logistical : you either accept less payment for your sales or you produce less and sell less . 
  yes , but at least you default then , and you get your fate back in your own hand . 
  asking a finn to pay for you for the next decades while trudgin on like now , is not the way to go and that is what is happening . 
  i 'd much rather take one fall , than constantly paying off greece , while you still pay much less in taxes than us btw . 
   only on a temporary basis , though . 
  are you saying that we should * temporarily * stop being democratic to save a shitty currency that does n't deserve to be saved in the first place and pay off your debt or something similar ? 
  off other countries debt ? 
  and then what - go back to the treaty ? 
  or change it without the democratic vote ? 
  what sort of precedent does this set ? 
  how long is temporary ? 
  6 months ? 
  will all be fine then ? 
  a year ? 
  how can you ever defend being non democratic ? 
  if you need to be non democratic to save the euro , then the euro does not deserve to be saved . 
  do n't you get that ? 
  have you no respect for democracy ? 
  are you all on a sudden going to take my rights away from me , because it suits greece ? 
  no way , that will be over my dead body , and it is sad that you do n't respect democracy actually , if you suggest we should suspend it . 
   / r/economics seems to consist of teenagers who have just watched a youtube video of how fiat currency is a scam sometimes that is right , but it is far , far better than r/europe . 
  i mean , people here do not know what internal devaluation is , target 2 and think germany can just order the ecb to have an inflation rate of 5 % . 
  or , why not change the treaties in a jiff . 
  that does not happen at r/economics . so , if / r/economics are teenagers , then / r/europe are children . 
  and if you were capable of reading you would see that my country have higher taxes than your country . 
  so does norway and denmark . 
  but please , blame it on the swede . 
  i am still waiting for the positive numbers you promised , and then you compared yourself with everyone else , not even saying who that is ... it is really sad , that you are so pathetic at taking critiscism , in any form . 
   your claim : s&p rating matters because `` they just did n't like the look of how things were going '' no , now you are making stuff up . 
  i do n't care much about s & p ( and i think in general the market pays less attention to the credit ratings agencies as well ) , but that does n't stop me from trying to understand how they think . 
  why are you against trying to understand how other people think ? 
  according to you that is apparently an unforgivable sin and you accuse me of a lot of things that is not even true . 
   as for your numbers . . france is suffering from the same problems everyone else is ... 
  but is refusing to `` lower taxes on the rich and fuck over the poor '' and that is why we are here ... no , not everyone else is suffering from those problems , and no , we have higher taxes on the rich than the french does , and we do n't get downgraded . 
  so , do n't give me that shit , the nordic * always * win in high taxes.it is out thing really . 
  so , it is the the general outlook of france 's economy . 
  and , when you say `` everyone else '' i assume you mean italy and spain ?? 
  because a - they are not doing well so i do n't understand why you compare yourself with them . 
  why not switzerland and germany instead ? 
  or the us ? 
  furthermore , `` same problem as everyone else '' , are pretty serious problems . 
  when the ecb lowered the interest rate again , there was a lot of talk of how the ez is heading into japan territory . 
  not a place where you want to be . 
   but krugman is also `` against '' the eurozone . 
  so am i , at least in its current form . 
  still downvoting you for dissing the man and pretending to have some access to objective knowledge you obviously do n't have . 
  i am not surprised by your downvotes at all , and with regards to the current form - you want a eurozone where someone else pay off your debts and you still have n't told me how you are going to get that through , democratically .
