  we have had 21 years of continual growth . 
  the reason : we saw the shockwave coming in 2008 and immediately gave our economy an adrenaline shot . 
  we spent money in the short term ( cash handouts to every taxpayer ) , medium term ( insulation , school improvements ) , and long-term ( big infrastructure projects ) . 
  but , did you demand that anyone else paid for you , while you voted no to reforms ? 
  did other countries have to take loans to bail you out ? 
  how corrupt are you ? 
  did you receive , continously , money from someone else ? 
   but whatever , the solution is that you have to get internal transfers of money happening automatically . 
  i understand that 's the function of eurobonds , right ? 
  eurobonds means just that you dilute the debt ( and pass it on to the shoulders of the north ) and that you still do not deal with the underlying issues . 
  also , it means that the norht signs up for more debt and bailing out countries , something that the people in said countries clearly has said that they do not want to do . 
   ut here 's the thing : it was 100 % predictable that joining your monetary policy together ( by having a single-currency ) but not joining your fiscal policy together ( i guess because of the maastricht treaty ) , there were going to be problems down the line . 
  yes , but more europe was the price germany had to pay for reunification ... 
  however , the germans ( and the finns etc ) did not want to be responsible for the souths debt , poor fiscal management , lack of reforms etc , and frankly , they still do not , so that was a condition from the north . 
  so , yes , it was known from the start . 
  however , it was , extremely stupidly of course , ignored . 
   but whatever , the solution is that you have to get internal transfers of money happening automatically . 
  haha , you make is sounds so easy :-) . 
  yes , the finns would just love to send 20 % of their gdp south - who would n't ? 
  of course that would need to be the solution , but in fact , no one in the north would want that and every vote would be a resounding no . 
  and , the anti `` sending more money south '' parties are gaining , in almost every country as far as i know . 
  so , for the fiscal/monetary etc transfers to happen that need to be a part of a union you a ) need to re-write the treaty and get 26 countries to sign it ... ( uk and dk are out ) where many will hold popular votes ( and vote no btw ) and it is not likely to happen for decades b ) a smaller currency , where the need for transfers is not as big , for example between the countries in the north . 
  then maybe one can re-try for a new treaty in 30-40 years ( where upon perhaps the countries in the south are more competitive . 
   i reckon we 're actually in more agreement than we are disagreement  yes , the euro is very stupid :-), 
  [ here ] ( http://www.american.com/archive/2007/november-december-magazine-contents/what-makes-a-terrorist ) is one article . 
  there are plenty more if you google . 
   semantics . 
  do n't care , mate . 
  well , the reason i wrote recession instead of depression was not to argue about words , but the fact that it takes years to get out of a recession , but not a depression . 
  that gives a whole new perspective to the stimulus the countries need , they need trillions . 
   they need stimulus to get out of the recession . 
  then , once they 're out of the hole , they need to become competitive and balance their books . 
  where is that stimulus going to come from ? 
  you never answered that . 
   no one disputes that these countries are uncompetitive . 
  no one disputes that they have poor fiscal management . 
  but this is exactly the wrong time to address these issues . 
  so , you want trillions sent down south without adressing the underlying issues ? 
  i do not think that is a good strategy , that is throwing good money after bad . 
  the eu has been sending money south for the last 30 years , it does n't really seem to help . 
   then we can worry about reforming them so they 're competitive . 
  but , what have the eu been doing for decades ? 
  all the countries in the south have had stimulus packages , eu structural funds etc since the 80 's , with a heftier inflation too . 
  nothing has changed , if you receive funds for 25 + years , something is wrong . 
  so , what you are suggesting is that the eurozone should do more of that , what has been tried since the 80 's ? 
  what has changed ? 
  that did n't seem to make them more inclined to reforms , or change for that matter . 
  in fact , i 'd really like to know ( and i bet the greeks does to ) how you are going to battle the greek corruption by sending more money to them ? 
  italy had a prime minister who tried reform - they voted him out ( and in with a combination of a clown , berlusconi + the usual suspects , again ) . 
  so , despite clearly saying no to reforms , they should receive more money ? 
   by the way , i 'm from australia . 
  this is exactly what we did ( stimulus to get out of the hole , reform to stay out of it ) , and it worked for us . 
  which was completely expected . 
  but you were in a depression right , not a recession . 
  and , you did n't have the deep structural problems the south has , nor did you have a very wrongly constructed currency to deal with . 
  also , you paid for your own stimulus - did n't you ? 
  or did you force another country to take loans to send money to you , or to raise their taxes ? 
  in particular , while you voted not to raise yours or initiate reforms ... that is what will happen in the eurozone . 
  second - if you are from australia you might not be aware of the fact that the maastricht treaty * explicitly * states , that each country is responsible for their own debt , no country has to bail another country out and the ecb main goal is price stability . 
  that is one of the reasons many of the countries in the north even joined the euro . 
  so , do you think that treaty should be ignored ? 
  personally , i think the euro is very wrongly constructed and that either the south or the north should leave . 
  austerity is n't helping , but neither will inflation or just throwing money . 
  one has to deal with the underlying issue - the construction of the euro . 
  it is really the most stupid of constructions , ever . 
  i do not know if you have looked into it , but please do - it is idiotic . 
  as long as they are trying to join such different economies in a monetary union , without political and economic integration , it is bound to fail . 
  not really , there were fighters in al - qaida et al when the economy was good to . 
  it is a common misconception actually , that those radicalised are from poor background , but not a true one . 
  can link to study when i am off my phone but for example , look at those who flew the planes at 11th of september , 2001 - middle class almost every one of them . 
  not every depression is the cause of a very messed up currency . 
  however , there is no use to criscise the austerity of hope for more inflation , hate merkel etc , if the eurozone does not attempt to start to deal with the underlying issue - the construction of the euro in itself . 
  why the uk is in a recession - i must say i know too little about the underlying issues there . 
  perhaps austerity is not the path for you , you might very well be right . 
  also , i would n't say you have the same problem as the ez , you have , to a much larger degree , your own faith in your hands , and do not have to deal with other countries ( no matter where you stand on the scale ) getting involved . 
  and , you can use your much less imperfect ( no currency is perfect :-) ) currency as well . 
   meanwhile , someone who raped 4 times managed to get to rape a 5th time too because of no prison the first 4 . who ? 
  but the construction of the euro is the base for the mistake really . 
  that is what one should deal with . 
  it is a recession , not a depression ... ... you are missing the elephant in the room - inflation do not make the giips countries competitive , which they need to be , in order to come out of the recession . 
  and , looking at almost all the countries in the giips situation , they clearly have a problem with stopping the printing press , it has in fact been a `` to go '' help before - instead , of actually dealing with the underlying issue , the competitiveness . 
  i mean , if inflation and stimulus worked , many of them have had a hefty inflation and received money for decades from the eu . 
  and , it is outside of the rules of the ecb to start the printing press . 
  they are not allowed to , or at least , the should n't be , not that anyone follows the law in the eu . 
  however , i agree the situation is not perfect , or hardly acceptable by any means . 
  personally i think either the north , or the south will have to leave the euro . 
  no , swedish . 
  why do i have to be from the uk ? 
  are they the only ones against the euro or worried about the state of democracy in the eu ? 
  we do not have a working treaty in the eu and we are not , at all , following the law , neither countries and civil servants , and the state is getting worse , not better . 
  i find that extremely worrying, 
   please , neither of us have time for this . 
  you 've decided to be a smart-aleck by broadening your interpretation of my jest to include a time approximating the introduction of agriculture to much of north-western europe . 
  why not just go further back to the earliest introduction of homo sapiens to the continent and make a bolder claim : the historical course of action has been to make a diffuse , steady colonization driven by territorial competition for resources ? 
  you really have to have the last world . 
  you started with the insults with suggestion that i move , what more , you have before stated insulting stuff towards me and you are a person who godwins , when you have nothing more to say . 
   kindly keep the insults to yourself , we 've moved past flinging faeces by now . 
  as soon as you stop insulting me . 
  i read your last message last time we argued and decided it was pointless and stupid , and left it there . 
  however , you seem determined to keep it up , and start by insulting me , suggesting with a complete lack of hostory knowledge that i move .
