  apparently , you do n't . 
  however , at some point perhaps you can learn to be an adult , and stop whining . 
  i realise it will not be now and you are going to write a lot more about how painful it is for you but you see that is also a part of growing up and being an adult . 
  actually realising that one can choose not to react like a baby to every perceived insult and whine about it , but choosing to laugh/ignore and say - really , that was a bad movie , was n't it and not whine . 
  i realise however , that you are going to keep on whining . 
  go ahead , you are only cementing the image that a lot of poles are whiners . 
  good job . 
  i live in a world where grown up people do n't whine about fiction . 
  if i do n't like a tv show i turn off the tv . 
  honestly , if i do n't like what people write or makes films about i do n't whine like a crybaby , i just do n't watch it , or read it . 
  grown ups do that . 
  i can understand that you do not know that , you are obviously not an adult , the way you whine and complain . 
  the fact that other people like kazachstan complained too was laughed at as well . 
  apparently another nation that can not separate fact and fiction . 
  you do know that borat is made up ? 
  i call you a whiner because you are . 
  you could have acted like an adult and said , bad tv , turned off the tv , shrugged your shoulders like most other people do when they are incorrectly portrayed - because every single nationality are portrayed incorrectly and bad historical are a dime a dozen . 
  yet , you managed to whine more than any other nationality - fact , you are a whiner . 
  the impression you have managed to give is that you are a whiner who think pokes should be treated better . 
  stop whining and grow up . 
  so you are comparing bad fictional portraits with neo nazis ? 
  so you think the brits should have sued the anericans over the enigma movie ? 
  i know there is a really bad movie where i think swedes are vampires - shall we sue ? 
  afghanis over rambo ? 
  the italians over asterix and obelix ? 
  is there any movie or book one ca n't sue over ? 
  grow up and stop whining . 
  you are a whiner . 
  thank you for agreeing . 
  i have n't seen the show and it might very well be idiotic , but i think you are right , one should just ignore it . 
  i mean , i do n't think canadians believe poles are cannibals either . 
  finns and norwegians constantly make jokes about how slow and gay we are ( and we make about them ) . 
  i think it is better to ignore stuff and move on . 
  honestly , i do n't know anyone without the possible exemption of neo nazi 's that blame anyone but the germans for the holocaust . 
  ( and possible collaborators ) . 
  you seem to have a hard time separating fact and bad fiction . 
  if the germans are beating you up know - complain . 
  however , whining about fiction is just that - whining . 
  you do not seem to realise the difference between truth and fiction . 
  if you get angry over a book where someone gets treated badly , i 'd say you are an idiot - just do n't read it then . 
  same thing about being angry over a thing on tv - turn off the tv then . 
  however , if you come across real discrimination you are right to react . 
  but as long as it is just a show - grow up and stop whining . 
  haha , you still do n't get it do you ? 
  you are still the only ones who complains , everyone else just get on with their lives . 
  it is a tv show , and just the fact that you are comparing a thing that happen in a tv show with true and real discrimination tells me that you have lost all sense of proportions . 
  apparently you are incapable of acting like an adult , but is determined to be a whiner . 
  it is a tv show - grow up . 
  it is a tv show for god 's sake . 
  most of is know our history , just like i know that the americans did n't steal the enigma machine , not all russians are bad , americans are not always good and occasionally a brit and an arab might do something good . 
  i am not saying it is correct , i have n't seen it . 
  it is the complaining that makes you whiney , not history in itself . 
  every day , history is distorted and butchered in movies and nationalities are portrayed incorrectly - by everyone . 
  i bet that the poles have portrayed other nationalities incorrect too . 
  however , since it is just a show/movie the rest of us just shrug our shoulders and move on with our lives . 
  you however decide to whine and complain , instead of acting like grown ups . 
  no , i think it is complaining about real things , like horrible treatment of gay and other things is good . 
  however , whining is about what 's on the tv is just that - whining . 
  it is a tv show for god 's sake , grow up . 
  you have only managed to show me that a lot of poles are whiners - good job . 
  you choose to feel accused because you are a whining cry baby . 
  the rest of us are adults and choose to focus on important stuff , shrug our shoulders and move on . 
  just as i said , you do n't see any other nationality whining about it the way you do . 
  we think - stupid tv show , who cares and do n't complain every time every thing is n't exactly the way we like it . 
  you however choose to whine like a baby . 
  i am surprised you are not stomping your foot , but perhaps you are . 
  now you are even trying to form a conspiracy theory around the fact that the rest of us are not whiners like you . 
  poor , poor poland - a tv show was made that they did not like , it is the end of the world . 
  if you do n't like it , do n't watch it . 
  grow upand stop being a cry baby . 
  no , you are teaching the world that poles are whining hypocrites . 
  good job the rest of us are adults , and are able to act as such - apparently many poles are not . 
  what is next ? 
  perhaps a russian cartoon you can rage over ? 
  i am sure if you look around you can always find something to whine about , and you have taught me that poles like to do that . 
  haha , if you make a movie about swedish wife beaters , i promise i will not complain . 
  why do n't you try to grow up and stop whining ? 
  sure , i 'll survive . 
  i just do not understand why one wants to be known as a nation of hypocritical whiners , but it is your choice . 
  everyone else are acting like grown ups and moving on , but if you want to be the biggest cry baby in the world - sure , keep on whining . 
  not that anyone cares, 
  do you honestly think that poles are the first people portrayed in a movie in a way that the people do n't like ? 
  do you think that it is the first movie about shifting blame , even if that statement is true ? 
  it happens every single day , to everyone at some point or another . 
  second , is every single polish movie 100 % accurate in you portrayals of other people ? 
  you have never ever tweaked the truth and blamed the russians incorrectly , or just portrayed them as bad ? 
  never had a tv show which is not 100 % factual ? 
  it is a tv show , it happens to everyone all the time . 
  get over it . 
  you are whining . 
  everyone get incorrectly portrayed the whole time , and you do n't see the brits making threads , the russians etc. 
  all of a sudden you do n't get portrayed the way you want , and you start two threads . 
  and , you are trying to refer to your history as an argument about `` the truth '' . 
  what makes the poles so unique in the world , that poles , as the only people on the planet should always be portrayed in the way they prefer , otherwise they will whine ? 
  grow up - this happens all the time to everyone , yet you are the only one who complains and whines . 
  no , of course not . 
  it is just other nations who does things due to their nationality , never ever poles . 
  likewise , poles have never ever made an incorrect portrayal of other nationalities ever , in a movie or on tv . 
  all your movies and tv shows are 100 % factual . 
  you are not all to blame , i think the euro is incorrectly constructed as well for example .
