  that can not , nor should it be changed without a national vote and at least one election in between . 
  you have to a ) respect democracy b ) respect the treaties . 
  if you do n't want to do that - well then the eu and the euro deserves to crash . 
  right now it does n't sound like you want to respect them . 
  the treaty explicitly states that one should n't bail out countries or do transfers for example . 
  why ca n't you respect that ? 
   a use being created out of expediency by european institutions bereft of any other ideas of how to save the single currency is a horrifying scenario . 
  it gives me nightmares . 
  the problem is actually that quite a few people like it , rather than just admit that the euro is a bad currency union . 
   there is no european union without that . 
  more important than the eu is democracy . 
  i do n't think like you , but you have the right to your opinion of course , and to fight for a the end of state and a permenent transfer union . 
  however , you have to agree that it has to be done legal , and after voting , do n't you ? 
  i am sure you do . 
  honestly , do you think anyone would vote yes ? 
  so , if one agrees to that is has to be demcratic one has to agree to that one should not be doing anything against the treaty , or trying to sneak it in through the back door . 
  that is what a lot of people are doing currently . 
  i think that is anti-democratic . 
  no , they did not borrow it to save the banks !, 
  they borrowed money the second they got into the euro because for the first time they had cheap credit . 
  and , do you think the euro should be adjusted after for example greece 's needs ? that everyone else should have huge inflations because it suits them ? 
   but it is germany that has the most power in the european institutions . 
  and it is germany that is commanding this process . 
  they have the capability to do so , dragging with it almost all other countries . 
  but a ) european institutions should * not * create a united states of europe , the people should do it , * if * they want . 
  and i dislike that the institutions gets more power than the people b ) a united states of europe should not be created by being `` dragged in by germany because the euro is fucked up '' . 
  it should be created like germany , because ddr and brd wanted to . 
  c ) i think you highly overestimate germany 's pulling power . 
  basically we are talking about the end of the national state and you think countries are going to let themselves be dragged in by germany ? 
  i know that northern europe , every single country , would vote no . 
  how many countries would even vote yes , and that includes germany . 
   the one you forgot : incredibly bad management and inability , or strenght enough , to adequately negociate european treaties . 
  what is an adequate treaty ? 
  to you it seems to be a permanent transfer union , that brussels takes over everything etc. 
  that is my worst nightmare . 
  well , the countries borrowed it because of the euro . 
  besides , it is not illegal lending money . 
   and that 's where germany is to blame . 
  no , do you really think that what is standing in the way of a treaty change is germany ? 
  that the french would vote yes to pay off italy 's debt and the finns would love to send 30 % of their gdp to brussels to make sure that the spanish get their pensions while simoultaneously cutting theirs ? 
  the swedes would agree to send 35 % of their gdp south to make sure greece 's welfare is working while cutting our own ? 
  because that is how a transfer federation works , and no , germany is not the only country in the way . 
  i am hard pressed to come up with any country who would say yes , maybe some of them in the south , but otherwise , no . 
   there 's a lot of confusion and fear because people tend to mix up the common currency and the union , which is stupid . 
  true , people constantly mix them up , but any treaty change involves the union . 
   they tend to deviate to other kind of policies within europe , with the results we are observing now . 
  what we are seeing now is a consequence of several things . 
  a ) world wide crises . 
  b ) badly constructed euro c ) probably something more which i forgot . 
    seriously , stop being ignorant . 
  by know i am pretty sure you know more about currency unions than this . 
  they are not producing stuff and you are suffering because of it . 
  claiming that is just ignorant . 
  i am not claiming saying it is ignorant because one wants option 2a , 2b or whatever , i am claiming that it is ignorant to blame germany for the position one is in - currently . 
  i 've discussed with naurgul several times and blame the internal devaluation on germany is not correct . 
  that is what happens when you have a currency union like the euro . 
  it is economic science . 
  it is not germany . 
  i have explained this a gazillion times , posted links etc , but that still does n't stop him for blaming germany . 
  i am tired of it . 
  i do n't understand how one can willfully ignore facts , year after year . 
  and yes , i think doing that is ignorant and i will call people on that . 
  frankly , if people want to blame someone , start with themself as a country . 
  no one forced anyone into the euro , * apart * from the germans who were forced in it ( it was a condition for the reunification ) . 
  start with the population and politicians that did n't listen to the warnings . 
  i vividly remembers sweden 's euro election in 2003 and the different economies and its consequences were one of the big selling points for the `` no `` side , who won . 
  it is not like our economist were selling state secrets , this was/is evident to everybody and most certainly to economists . 
  i honestly do not understand how one can blame anyone else for it - it was so open and easy to understand . 
  it still is . 
  it is like the americans would start blaming the french for the iraq war . 
   the article that you read in 2 minutes ( you 're amazingly fast !, 
  ) , says exactly the contrary hmm - about the being civil part . 
  it is old , i have read it before , but please , go ahead being snarky , i can take it . 
   1 ) ( advocated by germans ) internal devaluation , the so called austerity . 
   2a ) ( advocated by many others ) easier monetary policy . 
   or  2b ) some kind of transfer system . 
   both position 1 and position 2ab , have advantages and drawbacks . 
   those are our options . 
  there are solid argument for every position here , with good arguments and with a long economic literature to support them . 
  i we leave out the leaving of the euro which i ( correctly ) advocate , of course there are pros and cons to all these suggestions . 
  however , just because all of them exists , that does n't mean that they are equal in any sense , nor should they be treated that way . 
  what you , and wolf seem to ignore is that they also have to be democratic and legal ( which , frankly , none of them is ) . 
  and , at least somewhat realistic . 
  and , if you go down that route , there are far fewer options left . 
  and the germans have taken the one option left if the greeks want to stay . 
  however , the greeks seem to think that the euro is germany 's little playground and not only demand free money , also even more ignoring of the treaties to benefit them . 
  that is not the way to go forward , apart from the fact that i think it is really horrendous to ignore treaties in the horrible way the euro countries are doing . 
  thanks !, 
  well , while i dislike that the french do n't get any of the blame that theyso richly deserves whith regards to the euro , i must say that they have bitten off way more than they can chew this time around . 
  the problems are not disappearing magically , and france is not doing well . 
  nor will it , as long as they do n't deal with their problems . 
   then we demanded an opt out when it was clear that the whole thing was going to work in an arse backwards way . 
  you and denmark were smart . 
  we had to go about it differently , but we are still outside of the euro , that is what matters . 
  what annoys me is that i vividly remember our euro referendum in 2003 and a lot of the arguments around it . 
  a lot of them were about how imperfect the euro was , and how the economy was to different . 
  now , when we have it on paper that they were right , people are still denying it . 
  it is like the biggest dysfunctional family ever . 
  btw , alexander radler who is mentioned in the article has been `` de-priested '' or whatever one calls it by the swedish church and is ( allegedly ) a bit of persona non grata among people where he lives . 
   all this comes about because of a french power politic play that has exploded .
