  swede 's like science , really . 
  of course we dislike an organisation who apparently ignores it . 
  or , give me the scientific reasons for subsidising growing tobacco ? 
  with links please . 
  i have access to all scientific journals , do n't worry . 
  and while you are at it , explain subsidising alcohol too . 
  yes , please explain . 
  what is it you do not like ? 
  with links , please . 
  no it is n't . 
  a win for the citizens . 
  the budget should , to a much larger extent be rules by science and common sense and aim towards increase our competitiveness , research , education etc. 
  not sponsor tobacco for god 's sake . 
   not stand on the sideline and only bitching about others . 
  perhaps if the cap stopped to * actively discriminate us * which the cap has been doing since 1995 - and we have complained about it . 
  not that the eu care about what is right , or actually about science if you think all we do is bitch , can you then please tell us how we , with 9 million people can get the eu to actually start being reasonable and not have a cap that is far to big . 
  if the eu actually * wanted * to change , the cap would not be so fucked up ( please , subsidising wine and tobacco and discriminating the north , and that just for starters ) . it has been for years and we have been trying to change it but 9 million ca n't do it alone . 
  and - all the time we have , and are discriminated against . 
  all the eu want is our money , not to change . 
  if you want to change - why have n't the eu changed the cap ? 
  also , if the eu actually cared , why is not the eu following the rules , and trying to do what is right ? 
  why in god 's name have you accepted no one bothered to follow the maastrich criteria . 
  are you expecting the 9 million of us to be some sort of police to 60 million france , who could n't even be bothered to follow them , and for the record , still does n't . 
  why did one even accept italy , belgium and greece in the euro . 
  for god 's sake - we are net contributors unlike most of the countries in the eu . 
  we have wanted reforms , for ages . 
  we are in top five of implementing laws and we saved our own bloody banks , twice , not bitching about it , and we demanded collateral for it too . 
  we are not one of the countries who has fucked up , and we have been saying the same thing since 1995 . 
  the fact that no one listens and that you bitch about us instead of attacking france for the cap for example says all about you , and nothing about us . 
  grow up and take some responsibility . 
  if you had listenend to us , you would not have been there . 
  the latest of failurse ( apart from the cap ) is when you * now * all of a sudden realise that a bank save needs collateral otherwise you are wasting tax payers money . 
  anders borg , our minister of finance , has been saying that to you , since 2009 . 
  the eu did n't care , and how many banks did you save withouth collateral , wasting tax payers money ? 
  how many ? 
  why did you ignore him ? 
  of course we do not want to be involved in something as reckless and stupid like that - and then you blame us . 
  instead you should perhaps ask yourself why the eu do not care about tax payers money . 
  bitch-please . 
  we do take our repsonsibility , but you do not . 
  you want our money , but actually changing is to hard for you i guess - otherwise you would have . 
  you put yourself in this position , and now you ca n't even man up to fix it properly or the multiple mistakes . 
  you are not even trying to change , at all . 
  instead , you blame it on a country with nine million people . 
  for fucks sake , grow up . 
  but it is not just that - look at monsanto furthermore - since we share genes with plants and animals , do you mean that a company have the right to patent a gene i might have ? 
  and , what does the patent mean ? 
  my brother would probably say the same , but he has children and goes up at 6 am ;-) . 
  yes , of course you are right , most of the world is not on our latitude but i was referring ng to your comment that you did n't even understand why it was up for discussion :-) . 
  we ca n't really follow the sun , nor do we for example have the heat that one has further south , so a siesta/eating late to avoid heat etc is not really an issue here . 
  i 'd say * morning - 6.00 - 9.00 * f\u00f6rmiddag / vormittag/i tried to find the english word , but i only found the oldfashioned forenoon , which it what it means - 9-12 * lunch/mittag/midday 12-13 * eftermiddag/afternoon/nachmittag - 12-16 ( perhaps 17 , then it is late afternoon ) * kv\u00e4ll / evening/abend 17-22 * night/natt - 22-onwards we call the darkest deepest part of the night , that comes before dawn ( around 2 am -5 am ) the wolf 's hour/vargtimmen . 
  does anyone else do that ? 
   i do n't even understand how this is an issue :  dawn - noon = morning  noon - sunset = afternoon well , in the winter the sun migh go down at three pm here , and in the summer it does n't really go down at all , so everything with regards to sunset/noon/dawn does n't really work , apart from april and september . 
  yes , chihauhas and their likes often wear clothes in the winter . 
  sigh . 
  in the park , in stockholm . 
  sigh again . 
  he will not . 
  i think assange has told him it is a bad idea . 
  nothing that silly . 
  we had a short ban on throwing things , anything for a while . 
  well , i guess one was never really allowed to throw stuff , but sometimes one did , not to hurt someone , but just because walking 2 meters to give someone a pen is to much when you are 14 , so you throw it instead . 
  the teachers never really mentioned it , as long as it was n't during class . 
  anyway , a guy was throwing his keys to another guy and this girl accidently walked in between . 
  the keys got in her eyes and she actually was almost blinded in that eye , have something like 15 % vision now . 
  after that the teachers * really * enforced that rule , even when it came to throwing snowballs for a while . 
  i felt sorry for both the guy and the girl , it was an accident . 
  after a while they relaxed though but they kept saying `` remember x eyes , be careful '', 
  it was an interesting read , thank you . 
  i am sure there is some connection to the church , but i also guess the answers to the question of corruption are several - they were also all part of the roman empire were they not :-) . 
  it often makes me a bit uneasy in a sense when people say we are not corrupt , because corruption does exists here . 
  certainly not to the same degree , and in the same way , but it is not unheard of . 
  people prefer to deal with friends , you get your first internship from your neighbour etc. 
  i mean , i do n't even know how to bribe a tax collector ( we have a different system btw ) and i pay all my taxes but i do not think every single business interact have been one fair and square . 
  most though , which i guess is what counts . 
  it sounds like you want berlin , they have decent rents as far as i know , decent salaries and is a fun cities . 
  i do n't think you can have your dog running around everywhere , but i had a dog in germany , it was quite ok . 
  if one just behave properly , have it on a leash in public , pick up after it - normal stuff . 
  stockholm have jobs , i think , in software , but maybe we are not your cup of tee , i find that quite all right . 
  besides , it is really hard to find a place here . 
  also , some dogs have to wear clothes in the winter here , since it is so cold . 
  i do not know what sort of dog you have , but i find that ridiculous . 
  if i ever get a dog of my own i will never ever get one that needs a jacket every time it goes outside . 
  i thought so first , since his post was so obviously stupid for anyone even remotely into danish politics , but he seemed to have been active for some time . 
  did n't go through his posts though . 
  i am impressed , a dedicated troll for four years . 
  will tag him , thanks . 
  i did n't know that the danish government were right wing . 
  where did you get that idea from ? 
  [ helle thorning schmidt ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/helle_thorning-schmidt ) is a social democrat , hardly right wing no matter how you twist it . 
  and she is leading a government consisting of [ social democrats ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_democrats_%28denmark%29 ) , [ radikale venster - the radical left ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/danish_social_liberal_party ) , [ enhedslistan ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_democrats_%28denmark%29 ) and [ socialt folkparti - socialist people 's party ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/socialist_people%27s_party_%28denmark%29 ) . 
  how one earth you can get that to be a `` right wing government '' tells me that you either do not have the slightest clue what right wing means or that you just have your own agenda , and you use right wing because it is bad , forgetting that you are opening yourself for critiscism at the same time by people who actually know what right wing means . 
  interesting , thank you . 
   philippe , who was prepared for the crown his entire life but was n't deemed ready at the age of 33 . 
  haha , our king was 27 . 
   crown prince philippe will most likely succeed his father , even though there are n't many people who find him capable of being king . 
  why not ? 
  so , his son will be king now ? 
  we do it differently up here , they just continue until they die , much like britain , even if they are a older than some dinosaurs . 
  why ?
