   now snowden  assange fiasco , hmm , he has been in contact with our justice system , but since he * fled * you have no idea what would have happended . 
  personally , i think he would have been declared innocent . 
  what did we do with snowden ? 
   you just ca n't wait to climb on that white horse and speak down to me from the height of the moral stature you think you have what ? 
  you make grave accusations against my country and i want you to provide links , which you can . 
  instead you call me bitch , and what more - * obviously you have no facts , just baseless accusations * . 
  says all about you , nothing about me and my country . 
   your justice system is america 's bitch . 
  period and , you have no evidence . 
   just accept that you can not get what you want every time . 
  it is not about getting what we want every time . 
  it is about being rules by common sense . 
  a brilliant example are the bank saves . 
  [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_banking_rescue ) and [ here ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2008/09/23/business/worldbusiness/23krona.html?_r=0 ) are two articles about the swedish banking crises of the 90 's . 
  the swedish bank saves are generally seen to be exemplary , and actually * made * money for the citizens at the end of the day , even though at one time we paid more than 4 % of our gdp for our banks . 
  also , we had some trouble in the 2000 's , so sweden know bank saves . 
  so , when the eu asked us to participate in the ( first round ) of bank saves we were cautiosly somewhat optimistic ( remember , just before we had contributed to bailing out ireland , just like you want us to ) . 
  also , bank saves is an area we unfortunately know very well :-) . 
  however , instead of doing what had worked very well for us ( and finland ) and what all the text books and common sense said you should do the eu decided to basically just hand over money . 
  when we saved our banks ( which one should ) we said `` no save without collateral , i.e. 
  shares ) '' . 
  also , `` perhaps not every single bank , save the ones important to the system '' . 
  so , the swedish bank know that they will be saved ( most likely ) but it will cost them ownership . 
  the swedish tax payer know that their money will be spent on the bank , but we will gain ownership . 
  also , it conveys something important to the banks - the world is not risk free . 
  if you take to much risks , they might fail . 
  the eu bank save were obviusly the opposite . 
  no collateral/no shares . 
  indiscriminently saving all banks , + just transferring the risk quitely to the tax payers , and they have received nothing for it . 
  that is what the eu has been doing since 2009 . 
  it is so idiotic , and such an insult to the tax payers . 
  what more , you teach the banks that the world is completely risk free . 
  we said that , time and time again . 
  i remember anders borg ( our minister of finance ) , explaining exactly to the german journalists , why it was a bad idea . 
  did you listen ? 
  of course , the eu went ahead , doing the worst bank save in history . 
  we tried , we really did , but if the eu decides to be that reckless , and that idiotic with the money , we want nothing to do with it . 
  why should the eu banks be treated like little babies , and the tax payers get nothing ? 
  i think the people of the eu should ask this , and hold your politicians accountable ( there was * no reason * for such an idiotic bank save , none ) , we tried , we really did , but we ca n't change the hundred millions of you if you decide to throw money at bankers , which you did . 
  apperently the people of the eu feel differently , the germans for example are re-electing merkel who organised the whole thing , and you are bitching about how things are sweden 's fault . 
  grow up . 
  we have . 
  we know we ca n't change the several hundred millions of you and we see how you solve crises and how you use tax payers money ( and we tell you ) but nine million swedes ca n't change you , unless you decide to actually act . 
  the only thing we can do is to stay as far away from the debacle as possible . 
  i am very glad we did n't participate in the bank saves . 
  why should france 's banks get my money , without collateral , and why should i shoulder their debt , why are their banks risk free - ours is n't . 
  so , explain the bank save to me . 
  why did you do the most idiotic bank save in history ? 
  why one earth should anyone participate in that , let alone someone who does n't even ned to ? 
  why do n't you hold your politicians accountable ? 
   just ignore the parts where you lose and focus on the parts where you win . 
  no , not if the loosing part is discriminating ( like the cap ) , goes against science ( like sponsoring tobacco ) or ignoring science . 
  i obviously understand that one ca n't get everything one wants in negotions , but the eu should be rules by common sense and a respect for science . 
  those should be underlying features , just like a respect for democracy and human rights . 
  at no point should one country be able to negotiate away human rights for example , or , scientific results . 
  sweden is being actively discriminated in the cap . 
  how can you defend discrimination of a country/region ? 
  the eu is all about not doing that , but apparently it does not count when it comes to the cap , the single biggest post of the budget . 
  if you were a normal person , you would be horrified by discrimination i guess , but instead you bitch about us not giving more money . 
  instead , why do n't you complain about the fact that the eu is discriminating ? 
  why complain at us ? 
  why not change the cap instead ? 
  do you support discrimination ? 
  why should we give money , or more , to an organisation that actively discriminate us ? 
  also , how can you defend going against science ? 
  who the fuck , apart from the eu is so stupid , that you go against science ? 
  i want the eu to a much larger degree , to be ruled by science ( where one can of course ) . 
  apparently the eu does not like science , otherwise there is no way one sponsors tobaccor for decades , sponsors alcohol etc. 
  so , instead of asking why the eu is actively against science and try to change that , you blame the swedes for not wanting to participate . 
  newsflash , we like science , that is why we are one of the biggest spenders of the eu on research . 
   its not like sweden is dying of poverty . 
  what sort of attitude is that . 
  sweden is not dying of poverty , so you think the eu should spend our money - completely recklessly . 
  perhaps that is one of the reasons we are no dying of power , because we hold our politicians accountable , and they are trying to be responsible . 
  why are n't you ? 
  can you please explain to me why the banks saves were done in the way they were ? 
  why do n't you hold your politicians accountable for that ? 
  instead of bitching about us , hold your politicians accountable instead . 
  you are always putting the blame outside of the core , outside of germany/france/euro area . 
  instead of asking why the eu and the euro area are constantly making such shitty deciscions , and why the politicians can get away with it , you put the blame outside . 
  newsflash , we are trying to change it , we tell you every single time that it should be done better or differently . 
  then the eu ignores it , goes on to do something idiotic like the bank saves , or worse , an idiotic cap that we have to pay for ( thanks for letting me participating in sponsoring alcohol and tobacco , really ) . 
  then you bitch about us not participating more . 
  frankly , why do n't you listen and/or stop doing idiotic stuff . 
  i am grateful our politicians did n't participate in you stupid bank save for example . 
  the euro area seem to throw money away completely recklessly , and have a complete disregard for accountability and common sense . 
  i tell you that . 
  sweden tells you that . 
  we do n't want to throw money away the way you do , so we stay on the sidelines . 
  of course , you could ask yourself why your politicians are throwing away money , why no one is held accountable , why there are no rules , etc , and why that is not changing . 
  instead , you bitch about us not wanting to give you more money to throw away . 
  i can guarante , until * you * actually start actively changing and holding * your * policians accountable , nothing will . 
  and that has absolutel nothing to do with sweden , and all to do with you , the way you approach things , and the eu . 
  so , stop bitching and start changing insted . 
  we can ` do it for you . 
  the cap does just that and have been doing it from the start . 
  we have been against it always . 
  it is not just that we subsidies the single biggest cause of preventable deaths in the eu ( 700 000/year ) it is the fact how the eu actively works against not only what is good for it citizens ( less smoking ) but also actively ignore science who says one should not subsidise tobacco . 
  why do n't you attack the eu about that ? 
  what does it says about the eu 's attitude toward science ?
