  if you look at gallups , most swedes say yes to the monarchy . 
  so , yes , most swedes want it . 
   s he the one with the funny hats because i like that guy . 
  nope , that is our king , [ the swedish king ] ( http://www.eyeline.se/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/carl_xvi_gustaf_24_700x448.jpg ) . 
  he can be fun without a hat too . 
  [ link ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-jsbmdf2ryso/tdqgeh2oi5i/aaaaaaaaauo/ullvc4krnxy/s1600/kungen_1176667352_3833816_27785907.jpg ), 
   good job slandering ftt . 
  people that say it failed is because they look at how much it collected , but it is not for collecting . 
  so why did it fail in sweden ? 
   once the crisis pass and if uk let us , you will see how ftt actually works . 
  i am a swede , we have already had it . 
  i can tell you how it works . 
   once the crisis pass and if uk let us , you will see how ftt actually works . 
  nice way of slandering the uk , despite the fact that they have not caused anything . 
  why do you lay * your * problem at * their * door ? 
  the uk is a free country and * not * the cause of the eurozone 's problem , or the cause of the banking problems in the eurozone . 
  yet you want to force them , to impose a tax to help out the * eurozone * . 
  also , you do know that there is nothing in the eu treaty that say one has to enforce taxes across the eu to help the eurozone 's banks . 
  it actually is against enforcing taxes . 
  yet you seem to be laying the problems with the ftt and the eurozone 's banks at the uk 's door . 
  nice way to duck the responsibility.you messed up - you fix it . 
  furthermore , why ca n't you respect the fact that countries in the eu do not have to enfoce taxes they do not want ? 
  why do n't you respect the treaties and the basic law , but bitch about the uk ? 
  are you saying that the eu should enforce taxes to all the 28 countries to help messed up eurozone economies ? 
  do n't you know that it is illegal ? 
  do n't you care one bit about following treaties and respecting countries independence . 
  do n't you care about the law ? 
  why ca n't you clean up your own mess ? 
  other countries have , like sweden and finland 's bank crises , the uk take care of themselves , the baltics etc. 
  no , you demand that the rest of the eu start with taxes that we in some cases have tried ( and failed miserably ) and do not want to clean up your mess . 
  way to take responsibility . 
  sweden - most people like it and want to keep it . 
  i guess it 's the same in other monarchies , otherwise we would have got rid of them . 
  i think those tests are so weird . 
  i mean , i like most people have multiple identities , and they all mix and cross over . 
  i do not like the idea of only choosing one . 
  i mean , ca n't one be british/scottish and muslim , as the same time as one is europan , middle eastern , daughter , sister , scientist , friend , or whatever people are ? 
   700k sek . 
  i think you might have misread . 
  he said 20 000 euro . 
  that translates to roughly 165 000 sek . 
  it is a lot tougher finding a decent house for 165 000 sek.i said if he doubled or tripled that , he would get a decent house , in some areas . 
  does that make more sense to you ? 
  ok , all countries in the eu . 
  if they follow them however ... 
   what if a court , like a saudi or syrian al qaeda sharia court for instance , decides that slavery or torture is ok -- do you think that is ok ? 
  they already do the torture and slavery thing btw , and war crimes . 
  exactly , that is why a lot of us , in europe , has decided we need a court that is * above * that , just because we do not have faith in our own courts . 
   of course governments should say no to stuff they do n't approve of . 
  everybody should say no to stuff they do n't approve of . 
  not if it concerns * human rights * . 
  seriously , is it so impossible for you to imagine ( or , in fact , just look at the facts ) that sometimes the government ignores human rights ? 
  are you saying that they never ever do that , so you want to give them all power , forever and ever , amen ? 
  what is wrong with having a higher court who tells them no , * when it comes to human rights * . 
   i happen to believe that all humans have rights , and that courts are n't always looking out for them , not at all . 
  well , that is what * the court of humans rights do '' * . 
  they look out for the humans , even when the government does n't . 
  you however , are arguing for two things at once , that contradict each other.first , you want human rights , but you do not want a watch dog , you claim that every government does it better without signing a paper or belonging to the echr . 
  btw , do you have proof of that statement ? 
   why is it that you have so little faith in democracy that you consider it suspect that elected representatives are better holders of power than unelected bureaucrats ? 
  becaue they are judges whos only goal is to protect * our human rights * . 
  how can anybody be as naive as you . 
  so , berlusconis goal is to protect our human rights ? 
  go to the echr and see - every government has been convicted . 
  apparently your plan is n't working , all the governments are n't looking out the whole time for peoples human rights . 
  you must be beyond naive ( and ignoring facts ) if you believe tht . 
  that is why we have an extra watchdog , whos only goal is to protect us , our human rights . 
  you want to remove that watch dog , you do not want anyone but the government to care for our human rights , because according to you , they do not fail , ever , so we do not need a watchdog . 
  what ? 
  you are the one who said a government should say no to stuff that they do not approve of - and no one should question or be above that . 
  did n't you ? 
  what if a government , like the israeli for example , decides that torture is ok ( they are even democratically elected ) or that slavery of palestinians is ok - do you think that is ok . 
  they do the torture thing btw , and war crimes too . 
  i happen to belive that all humans have rights , and that governments are n't always looking out for them , not at all . 
  it can even be in their interest * not * to look out for human rights , like torture people for example , or slavery . 
  then it is good to have humans rights , and an extra court that people , that do not get the protection they deserve from a government can turn to . 
  you do not think so . 
  you think the last instance should be the government . 
  well , it must be nice then where you live , where the government , always , always always looks out for the little guy , every single time , every single year . 
  for those of us who do not live in denmark/faroe islands ( and it is not even the case there ) it is good to have human rights . 
  that court have stopped the swedish government from doing stupid stuff , and the uk one too ( and the danish ) . 
  however , you think it is a good thing to remove that possibility , and remove the protection of the humans rights . 
  i think that is idiotic . 
  because there is no such thing as 100 % right . 
  ok , please , describe to me how a justice system would look like who was * always * right . 
  never made any mistakes , always got the bad guy . 
  describe it please , in detail . 
  actually , usually , yes . 
  sounds to cheap to me . 
  in remote parts of sweden you can buy a big house for maybe a few hundred thousands sek , but i 'd say more like 60\u00a0000/70 000 euro . 
  i googled , and found a few in the price range you mentioned , but that was far up north ( as in around the arctic circle , then drive to a village and outside of that village ... ) , and i do n't think the quality was exactly super . 
  they were all described as `` great possibilities '' . 
  but if you are willing to pay double/triple that , you can get a very decent house in some areas . 
  usually it is far up north though . 
   okay , but bringing a child to church does n't leave the kind of physical evidence left by fgm . 
  how would the state know that the child was being brought up with a religious upbringing ? 
  sigh , * you * are the one wanting to ban church . 
  sweden is not . 
  * you * are the one making that connection , sweden is not . 
  so , we will not ban churches and mosques , i do not understand why you are blabbering about it , nor have i ever said that sweden would .
