  each for their own . 
  then all countries can subsidies their own farmers to their hearts content if they want , and you will not hear a peep from me . 
  also , obviously a country is not unfair/discriminating to itself , so then that issue is solved too . 
  i do know , better than most . 
  i still think it is unfair . 
  i do n't like the two pillars , the proportions of the pillars if we are to keep them , the higher prices for the consumers , the fact that is not helping the small farmers , the over focus on stuff like wine but under focus on environmental issues , the rules that are discriminating some countries , the fact that huge land owners get so much of the money ( i think 0,2 % of the recipients got 24 % of the money in 2010 or something similar ) , the arbitrary rules that makes some countries ( like greece ) get so much more than other countries ( like latvia ) and there is no science or even proper logic behind it . 
  nor do i particlularely like the way we treat 3rd world countries , who would need to export to us , to make more money . 
  i would , btw , like for you to link to me why scientifically , cows are better off in france , greece etc , than in sweden . 
  i know that in the cap scale of things , it is a small issue , but it is symptomatic how the eu decide stuff . 
  no science , no cost , no poverty based - the rule is just arbitrary , - yet it is being kept , and you and a lot of other countries are even saying that the rule is right , correct , and should be there . 
  well , please , can you provide me with the scientific background for why the cows are better off in france/greece/italy etc , than in sweden . 
  i have full access to a university library , so no problem . 
  if there is not scientific base , it is pure discrimination . 
  i can not understand how you can say that a swedish farmer deserves less ? 
  and , yes , one does measueres ones values in money in todays world . 
  i 'd really like for you to answer that , why swedish farmers are less worthy ? 
  there is no scientific base , it is pure discrimination . 
  why are you ok with discrimination of swedes ? 
  why is a swedish farmer less worthy of getting paid, 
  good !, 
  well done ep !, 
  i am cautiously positive , and i applaud this step forward . 
  for once i am really applauding the eu in this forum :-) . 
  hopefully they will now follow up on this , and make sure that the indivudual countries actually follow through on their promises . 
   however , i 'm concerned about the tone of your intervention . 
  sorry about that , but i am really , really frustrated about the cap , particularely since it is the biggest part of the budget . 
   because , i worked in rural france for 3 years , and here too , eu seems to be the root of all their problems . 
  i mean it seems that we did sacrifices too , not enough maybe , but we did some . 
  my solution for that is easy - remove the cap from the budget . 
  then we can all support/or not support our farmers to our hearts content , and we will stop arguing/hating each other over it too . 
  i would love for that to happen actually , perhaps it would be good for you to . 
  however , i suspect that greece , spain etc would n't love it . 
   d . but let 's be clear , eu , not france alone , had to put a rule in place , and they find that the number of ha dedicated for cows was a good indicator . 
  yes of course the number of ha is important , i can see that . 
  however , the money is not calculated ( only ) on the number of ha . 
  it is calculated on the number of trees on the ha . 
  so , in essence what the eu is saying is that the cow who grows up like [ this greek cow ] ( http://thumbs.dreamstime.com/thumblarge_185/1189983679pkzd1j.jpg ) is better ( since the farmer gets more money ) than a cow who grows up like [ this ] ( http://www.rattvik.se/temp/e539835dcb9306eb519dc00d2a146a26.jpg ) . 
  there is no scientific base for that , of course . 
  i can even understand why that rule came into place . 
  they for some reason wanted to separate pastures from crop land , and then they divided it up by trees/ha . 
  being just six countries , who all were pretty equal in that department , it made sense . 
  what i ca n't understand however , is the refusal to remove it . 
  sweden for example has been trying to get it removed since 1995 , it is going 18 years now ... having arbitrary rules , that does not affect the outcome , and that the country ca n't really change ( we can not cut down all of our trees really ... . ) is discrimination , unfortunately , and i ca n't see how the eu can defend it . 
  i mean , it is one stupid rule and if that was the only problem hurrah , but there are a lot of rules like that . 
  and no , of course not it is not just france , however , the french are the formidable defender of the cap . 
  i mean , greece gets a lot more money , but they are hardly ( a bit sad perhaps ) in a position to defend it . 
  the netherlands are open to re-negotiations etc. 
  so , the biggest defender of the cap , with the most influence , seems to be france . 
  also , the brits , who hardly benefits from it , wants to change it , which of course does n't work well in the current eu climate . 
   could you explain please with actual facts ? 
  honest question . 
  and your solutions maybe . 
  well , for one , i 'd start with the example i gave you . 
  i do not think it is fair that a french/greek ( and other countries ) farmer gets more for raising cows in the exact same way , based solely on the number of trees . 
  i think it should be scientifically calculated , the quality of life for the cow , what it gets to eat , how much time it spend outside , size , and perhaps for good measure , extra for the little farmer ( i am sure there are more things to consider ) . 
  the number of tree/ha does not affect that cows quality of life . 
  some other reasons ( they are to many to list really ) : the current cap also supports the growing of wine ( 10 % of the cap , which makes for around 4 % of the eu 's budget in total ) . 
  is that reasonable , do you think ? 
  we ca n't even grow that stuff , and personally , i 'd much rather have that money invested in environmental issues . 
  why does people growing wine need support , it is hardly an essential thing we need for survival ? 
  another thing , is that the cap support a two pillar system , one pillar is direct payment/price support and the other pillar is rural development . 
  [ link to bbc article that explains a bit of it ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-11216061 ) . 
  the uk , the netherlands , sweden , etc wants to focus more on the rural development . 
  france have always been against that . 
  sweden need the rural development , we are the size of spain , and 9 million people , and it is hard farming up here - we need the support . 
  however , for countries like france it makes no sense , since you have a lot of agricultural land and do n't need support to farm it , or the problem we have , if you just leave it and it get taken over by forests ( true problem in sweden ... ) . 
  so , of course there is less focusing on rural development . 
  however , the focus on pillar one , is in my , and a lot of northern/eastern europeans a really bad thing . 
  it keeps the prices higher , but it does n't help those who need it . 
  oh , and of course the whole of eastern europe would benefit from a switch in focus from pillar one to pillar two , they would get more money , and france/belgium/spain would get less . 
  that means that more than half of the eu , size wise , and country wise , think is a good idea to focus more on pillar two . 
  we think that is more beneficial for the eu , as a whole , and for us . 
  however , that is not happening because of recistance , from among other countries - france/spain/italy . 
  of course france is entitled to their opinion , but when they claim it is for the benefit of the eu , it makes me irritated . 
  it benefits them , not the eu as a whole . 
  i might also add that i am in favour of * only * giving pillar two support to really poor countries , excluding sweden et al , if that means that we truly would pay a lot less to the eu and had the freedom to help the rural areas ourselves . 
   i 'm not a big fan of cap but i 'm just tired of scandinavians people of reddit bashing on eu brits too :-) [ here ] ( http://www.openeurope.org.uk/content/documents/pdfs/cap_2012.pdf ) is a british report ( i go for the british criticism , since it is in english ) . 
  you do not have to read the whole thing , of course , but page 13-18 have some valid criticism , and some interesting graphs , as to why they ( and sweden ) are against the cap . 
  they quote sources too . 
  perhaps that can give you an insight to why people do not like the it , and want it to end . 
   it 's oil , it 's contribution , it 's cap , there is always something , and i 'm under the feeling that they want to leave eu . 
  i do n't know about oil , but you are right , i am very disappointed in the eu in general . 
  i certainly do not feel that my money is being well spent , and the cap is a huge factor in that . 
  furthermore , i think the eu is behving more and more non - democratic , and i find that alarming . 
  i 'd like for you to tell me why the cap is good , and why we need to keep it in its current form ? 
  so you are admitting is unfair then ? 
  i think that is a really good start . 
  perhaps you can inform me then why greece gets so much more . 
  is that fair ? 
  you seem determined to not read links , and not to educate yourself . 
  i am fine with that . 
  do you want stuff like [ this ] ( http://www.uco.es/~es1bevej/articulos/jofagricecon.pdf ) ? 
  it is a bit old , but i have much more where that came from , particularely about water , since it water issues are a fondness of mine . 
   i am saying that the one you did provide was bullshit . 
  you have n't even read the links , have you ? 
  what sort of proof do you want ? 
  links to the rules ? 
  essays on how one of the single aspects is not perfect ? 
  i can do that ? 
  i have a 100 page essay ( that might be in swedish though ) lying around somewhere that is critizising the water aspect of the cap .
