  will it take long to get the second verdict ? 
  not italian , but it would just be immensly satisfying to know that he would spend at least some of his twilight years in jail . 
  personally i think the greeks should have left , the euro , but it neither here nor there , the greeks wanted to stay . 
   their life span is shorter , their crime rate is higher , his unemployment is higher , their demographic figures are more fucked , their education got also austerity . 
   it 's the worst capitalist depresion since the great depresion doubt it , have you seen the stats for some african countries ? 
  do you want me to dig up some starving african countries who has received steel baths from imf . 
  and , there we can talk about short life span . 
  again , why should greece be more favourable treated than african countries . 
  i am not saying they ( or african countries ) should be treated bad , but you seem to think that bailouts are perfect little things that can fix an economy that a ) was broken to begin with b ) is tied to the most imperfect of currencies . 
   it 's hard to believe that greece would be worse without the bailout . 
  apperently the greeks think so , since they choose to stay . 
  had they not been bailoud , they would have been ( more ) bankrupt and had to leave the euro . 
  i would have chosen that , but they did not , and i think it is their , and their creditors choice . 
  or , are you saying that greece could have stayed in the euro and been better off ? 
  i 'd really like for you to explain to me , in detail , how that would have happened . 
   they have lost 20 % of their gdp in 5 years and every single thing of this is due to the imf ? 
  really ? 
  you have not considered that what the greeks ( and other euro countries , mainly in the south ) is a loss of competitiveness due to being in the euro ? 
  the greek economy is not capable of competing with the german/finnish ( which is another reason i think they should leave ) so they had a huge loss in competitiveness , internally within the euro and externally . 
  a lot of the things that are happening in greece is due to that - not due to imf or the troijka . 
  i find it fascinating that you blame the whole greek debacle on the one single player , and not the two underlying big reasons why they are in the state they are in - the euro , and the greeks themselves . 
  and this costed more than 100 billions to foreign tax payers . 
  a lot more , actually . 
  i am not saying it was perfect , it just seems that you want someone from outside to fix what essentially is a broken system , and a very imperfect currency . 
   i do n't know if without the bailout greece would be in a better shape , but this as been as bad as the years after the fall of the soviet union in russia . 
  but they greeks choose the bailout . 
  are you saying they should have been denied ? 
  also , in that statement you argued against yourself . 
  before you said there has not been such a depression since the great depression , now you are saying since the 90 's . 
  sorry , have to point that out :-) . 
  i so wonder what happened to the south of sweden . 
   imf has destroyed the greek economy , the imf did n't destry the greek economy , the greek economy was destroyed by the greek themselves , and by entering the euro , which made them less competitive etc. 
  also , while i agree that it is good that one take a look at the imf and its demand ( and hopefully something good will come out of it ) i wonder why everyone seem to belive that the greek saves should be perfect and ideal in every way . 
  no other has received that , and the greek people seem to have reached their primary goal , which was , according to my understanding and polls that i have seen , to stay in the euro . 
  that is a big plus for the saves . 
  i mean , neither economists , nor economies or saving of either states or banks are or will be perfect . 
  i do n't think greece can expect that , and they have received more than most , an excuse . 
  african states with harsher demands can only dream of being treated like greece . 
  honestly , i have heard commentators saying that he might be convicted . 
  that does n't mean that he will see the inside of a jail cell though i guess ? 
  albania had a king with the coolest name - king zog . 
  i have no idea how he was like as a king though . 
  it is the homeland of mother teresa . 
  i also think that john belushi was of albanian descent . 
  had a communistic dictator , enver hoxha it is a primarily muslim country , was ( officially ) atheist during communism and now , i guess muslim . 
  it has weak institutions and more , in particular compared to many other countries in europe , much more of an honour system , when families feud , and you are supposed to fight for your honour . 
  not saying it is the biggest feature , but i think it is more prominent there than in other european countries . 
  i think a lot of the population lost money in some sort of pyramide scheme after the fall of communism . 
   yeah , that 's exactly what i 'm saying . 
  / s so , no more movies and tv shows who does n't portray everyone in the way the want . 
  how is that going with the freedom of speech . 
   show the five positive portrayals of romanians and bulgarians in the media . 
  it is not my responsibility . 
  the fact that you are asking me is making you a victim all over again . 
  i know that there was a praised romanian movie , 4,5 months , about abortions for example . 
  however , you are not answering the question why you are not making better impressions , better movies . 
  why are you just whining ? 
   your language is gay so , do you hate gays ? 
  what is wrong with being gay ? 
  the fact that you even seem to think it is necessary to point it out is very strange . 
  also , it is not an argument , not at all . 
  that comment says more about you than me . 
  however , made some digging into that and have realised that eastern europe is far less accpeting of gay people than western europe . 
  why are you complaining about fiction , when there are real people , in your country , whos right are being trampled upon ? 
  why are n't gays allowed to get married ? 
  civil unions ? 
  why ca n't they adopt and why are they routinely being beaten up ? 
  who the fuck has the time to complain about movies when gays have no rights . 
  it is right in front of you - and instead you complain about fiction !, 
  [ wiki entry about gay rights ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_rights_in_europe#eastern_europe ) . 
  there is far more where that came from . 
   funny how their lack of complaining is the reason for their constant portrayal as villains proof that there is a connection between that . 
  it is just * your * assumption , nothing else . 
  i have access to all scientific papers of course ( normal one , like science , nature , etc , since i am at university ) . 
   you 're whining right now . 
  do you hate yourself ? 
  no , i am not . 
  nor am my people seen as whiners - much different from how i see you . 
  you are however proving yourself to be incapable of arguing properly , or to distance yourself from your `` victim status '' . 
  you are determined to see eastern europeans as victims and everyone else should to , otherwise you will whine . 
  for every argument with you , in particular after the gay comment , i am loosing more and more respect for you . 
  have a nice day . 
  i will have to work , and have far better things to do than to argue with people who make unnecessary comments about gays people , or are so cemented in their victimhood that they refuse to leave it . 
  frankly , i am sure you will write some more , about how unfairly treated you are , and how mean everyone are to you , but it is only cementing the opinion i have of you - you are a whiner , complainer , cry baby and determined to stay that way . 
   unfortunately , these things have a tendency to subtly influence people 's opinions . 
  oh , so what you are saying is that every nationality has to be portrayed in the way * they * prefer , or `` otherwise it will subtly influence peoples opinions '' . 
  or , they will whine ? 
  or , just the poles ? 
  otherwise - can you give me a name of a single historical work of fiction , or movie , where people are 100 % correctly portrayed ? 
  with your attitide - we can no longer make any movies or tv shows . 
  is that what you want ? 
  there is always someone who can be insulted . 
  btw - where is your responsibility ? 
  why do n't you make movies , become excellent or something , so that peoples opinions change ? 
   free speech goes both ways . 
  you have the right to say whatever you want and i have the right to criticise you if i disagree yes , but the poles do not come across as true champions for the freedom of speech , liberty and freedom . 
  they come across as whiners . 
  had they taken to the streets to protect the rights of gays to marry - i would have supported then . 
  had they protested the treatment of snowden - i would have been happy . 
  instead they spend their time whining that a work of fiction is not to their liking .
