  and as for caricature of your character - i do not need to . 
  you do it so naturally , all by yourself in the way you never fail to make everything about greek , and how the rest of the world should adjust to your needs . 
  frankly , i could n't come up with the stuff if i tried . 
   'm not going to reply to your crazy rant about your supposed cultural superiority i am not superior against your culture , just against you . 
  we have however , established that a long time ago and frankly , it is not to difficult . 
  your arguments is `` blablabla , trojkas fault '' . 
   if you read the article and all you understood was `` damn crazies want to break the rules again i did n't even respond with regards to the greeks , if you had read my answer . 
  you have never bothered ever to follow them , so nothing new there . 
  the new information was provided by you , that again , you blamed the rest of the world for something the greeek goverment did . 
  as in `` we have to follow it even less becaue the troijka ( !!, 
  ! which is not the maastricht countries , but then again , you are very illogical ) said something and my government was then undemocratic . 
  thus , we have free reigns of not follow it . 
  `` i think that is your `` logic '' but then again , greece have never bothered to follow it anyway , so i guess that was just number of 2352 of the times you have pissed on the treaty . 
  but , a new take was perhaps blaming the maastrich countries , usually it is the troijka you blame . 
   your comments reek with superiority complex . 
  get over yourself . 
  said the person who questioned if i had even read it . 
  you know i had . 
  just just want to be stupid . 
  i do n't need to get over myself . 
  it is you that have to take a deep look at yourself and stop blaming everyone else for what is happening in greece . 
  if it is n't the troijka destroying greece , then it is apparently the 25 maastricht countries who are responsible for the undemocratic behaviour of the government.that is the sum of your arguments . 
  and , as usual from you , no evidence . 
  it is sad , the more i argue with you the more i understand why things are going the way the are going in greece.if all do like you do ( which i do n't really think , and hope not ) in the sense that you are constantly blaming others , and disregarding other people 's democratic rights , and the law , that is what you want to do . 
  of course that will lead to problems . 
  i just wished you would understand ( and i am an eternal optimist , perhaps even you can understand it at some point ) that it is your doing , not our . 
  and , as long as it is my democratic rights you feel like trample on , you can bet that i will argue with you until there 's a cold day in hell . 
  so , fuck up your country . 
  not mine . 
   so , the government bypassing the parliament to pass `` structural reforms '' now is justified because greece did n't care about the maastricht treaty in the past ? 
  that is * your * government , and * you * should deal with it . 
  have the 25 maastricht countries specifically told you to `` give up democracy '' ( and do not confuse with the troijka ) . 
  i know the swedish government has n't . 
  and , even if they * had * , which they have not , then your democratic government could of course say , `` no , that is not democratic , let us not do that ... '' the fact that the greek government * chooses * to do it this way have nothing to do with the maastricht treaty , but it is typical that you blame it one something else . 
  if you do n't like your government , here 's a hint - re-election , demonstrations or do n't choose them in the first place . 
  i do n't blame my governments failings on the bloody maastricht treaty , nor do i think it is a reason to treat the other 25 countries undemocratically and put myself in the center . 
  i might not like it , not reason not to follow it . 
  is that how you think it should be done ? 
  if you do n't like a law and a treaty , just ignore it ? 
  no negotiation , no cooperation , no discussion - just `` fuck it '' . 
  no wonder you are in deep shit then . 
   hello ? 
  planet earth to igelkotten . 
  you 're not making any sense . 
  but you do who thinks that the bad behaviour of the greek government is the reason that we should override demcracy and just toss treaties out the windows if it does n't suit the greeks is ? 
  earth to naurgul . 
  the failings of greece , or the greek government is not the fault of the 25 other maastricht countries , also , if the greek government behave undemocratic , it is because they are , not because there is a treaty in brussels ... ... and , last but not least . 
  it gives you no reason , none whatsoever , to ignore democracy . 
  you have given no argument whatsoever why greek could n't go the democratic route . 
  either withdraw from the treaty , or * argue that is bad and renegotiate it * . 
  a lot of other countries might agree , but you have given no reason why * my * democratic rights should be overriden . 
  it is my right to be a part of a new treaty . 
  it is important to me . 
  it is also my right to be a part of the discussion when/if it should be dissolved . 
  you ignore that right . 
  you steal that right . 
  why should my rights , or the rights of poles or finns be overridden ? 
  why not go down the democratic route ? 
   have you even read the article ? 
  are you aware what the article means when it says the `` maastricht orthodoxy '' ? 
  or are you here just to deride me for the country i was born in ? 
  yes i have , and yes you know i know what they mean , and yes , you know that too so now you are just being silly . 
  and i am deriding you and your country because you seem to think that you and your country have the right to override the democratic process for all the other 25 countries . 
  i think you are stupid who blames the other 25 countries because of your government failings , and because you think you have the right to remove my rights to a fair and balanced process when we right a new maastricht treaty . 
  if you respected any other country and its inhabitants , you would say that of course greece have no right to remove that process and i might also point out that it has been extrememly disrespectful of greece not to follow the treaty . 
  it say a lot of how you choose to ignore the law and the treaty.not that you are alone in that respect , but you are the only one dense enough arguing that you have right to disrespect us . 
  or are you so ignorant that you do not understand that continously breaking a treaty is disrespectful ? 
  if you want to be treated with respect , perhaps one should stop doing stuff like that . 
  but it does n't seem like fun , more like heckling . 
  maybe the dutch have a different sense of humour . 
   that 's completely unrelated to what i was saying ? 
  greece following the maastricht treaty prior to the crisis has nothing to do with whether democratic procedures were overriden to force it to comply after the onset of the crisis . 
  no it is n't . 
  you just ca n't start complaining about one of your instituitions not being able to follow it the way you want when democracy and following the treaty meant nothing to you the 10 years before . 
  you do n't have any arguments , nor do you have any rights to override and ignore the maastricht treaty . 
  you have always had the right , just like everyone else , to withdraw or to discuss the treaty and its conditions . 
  that is good democracy to discuss , to put things to vote , and i think it might be vitalising . 
  to say that you have the right to override it - well , why do n't you leave then ? 
  you have never bothered to follow it anyway . 
  and , you have no right to trample on my rights , which in fact you have every time you ignored it . 
  we worked to follow it to the letter - why have n't you ? 
   for a specific example relevant to the `` maastrichtorthodoxy '' , consider all the democratic institutions of the debtor countries that have beenoverridden so that the eurozone intergovernmental crisis-management decisions could be implementented . 
  what ? 
  i have no idea what you are talking about , but i do know that greece have n't bothered to follow the maastrich treaty one single day , so blaming the maastricht treaty for that , is rather super silly.i want scientific evidence that greece never ever had any options but not to ignore the treaty from the beginning . 
  furthermore , if you take the right ( which you have already done btw ) in your hands just to ignore and override it because it suits you - well , you are overriding my democratic rights . 
  and , who in god 's name gave you the authority to do that , and do even more damage than greece have already done . 
  we have signed the treaty too you know , and have followed , almost to the letter . 
  why have n't greece bothered , and do you really think that gives you the right to ignore it even more ? 
  countries who just do not follow it , dont ' engage in discussions , do n't want to vote - they are the ones hurting it . 
  not the countries who do . 
  to say , that because a ) you choose not to follow it and b ) your economy was so fucked up that you then could n't c ) then there was no option but to bail you out which also ruinied the treaty and from there draw some bizarre conclusion that you have the right to overrun the rights of 25 ( !!! ), 
  other states , it so undemocratic , and illusions of grandeur , that i am baffled . 
  no , the maastricht treaty have not been followed to the letter . 
  greece is one of the worst culprit of that , from day one . 
  to ignore that , and later put the blame on the troijka for greece not following the treaty , is one of the worst spin of reality i have ever read . 
  in addition to that , trying to use that as an excuse to overrride the democratic rights of 25 other countries and say that `` we do not have to discuss this , because the troijka was mean '' is baffling . 
  in fact , every single detail of your argument just strengthens mine . 
  if that is how greeks think , i think the maastricht countries should watch and guard the treaty with their life . 
  in principle i am all for changing it after votes in 26 countries , after discussions etc , but if countries think it is not valid because some of them failed so enormously ( most have n't you know ) - well , then we need to hold on to it tighter than ever . 
  if this is how some respect democracy , then the rest of us needs to fight for it .
