  they have a debt of around 80 % , and all of a sudden , according to you , they should be * given * a debt reduction . 
  i have repeatedly asked you who would give this , but you have not answered , my guess is because you might have figured out that you have no clue what you talking about . 
  so , germany decides to get rid of half their debt ( all ez should according to you ) . 
  so , let us see how - a ) pay if off ? 
  no , they can not do that , that is way to much money for any country . 
  one could print money , but that would lead to the very hyperinflation that germany is so afraid off . 
  one could ask other countries to pay off their debt . 
  `` hey , us , could you be a dear and pay off half our debt ? 
  - it will be a no b ) they could raise their gdp ? 
  no , no single industrialized country can do that , it is more a thought experiment for economists . 
  so , finally we have c ) , refuse to pay . 
  that would actually mean that germany defaulted . 
  perhaps i should inform you , that it would be * disastrous * and the latest downturn in the economy would be like a summer rain to a hurricane . 
  no , make that a like a meteor hit the earth . 
  first , since , unlike greece 's banks who are saved by the rest of europe , no one actually has the money to pay for all the banks that will collapse . 
  not just in germany , all over the world . 
  second , the political upheaval be enormous . 
  a majority of the germans/europeans will loose their savings - i think the political consequences will be so far reaching that we can not imagine it . 
  euro will collapse , depression all over the world . 
  and so on , so on however , non of this even features in your little strange world . 
  you just happily proclaims ( because you know that you do not have a single good argument as to why everyone else should pay for greece ) that * everyone * should receive a debt reduction , so you do n't seem like you favour greece . 
  however , what you fail to understand , that this is so naive , and clearly shows that you have absolutely no understanding of economics . 
  it is like saying `` everyone should stop fighting and war on monday , and while we at it , stop with all the pollution too '' . 
  that is why i ask you to explain exactly * how * you are going to go about it . 
  because , you see - a fiscal union , even if it were to happen ( even if it were , it goes agains the maastrich treaty so it will take decades ) will not just magically `` reduce '' things . 
   but they are a necessary condition if greece is to be kept in the eurozone . 
  greece should n't be kept in the eurozone . 
  you should return to the drachma . 
   gosh , for every claim i make you require a complete proposal ? 
  because the claims you make are outrageous . 
  why not suggesting that we should stop with all the pollution immediately too ? 
  that is about as credible as removing all off africa 's , europe 's , south america 's and latin america 's debt , which is your suggestion . 
   a fiscal union is a mechanism that allows for countries with different productivity levels to clear part of the debt they have to each other automatically . 
  a clearing union can manage the world 's surpluses so that the global economy does not become imbalanced . 
  if you are interested on the details , research them for yourself . 
  again , no answer to my question , * how * . 
  and , i can tell you why - because you are wrong . 
  you ca n't make a debt reduction for all the countries in the eu , because someone always have to pay . 
  not that you care , you want other to pay for greece . 
  the problem is , you ca n't come up with a single compelling reason for why greece is so special , so instead you say `` everyone should get a debt reduction '' , which clearly demonstrates that you do not know how debt works . 
  someone either has to take a fall , or pay it off . 
  either the world/banks take the fall if all the eu 's debt get paid off ( and the market collapses btw ) or someone , else , the us for example , pay off eu 's debt ( and the market collapses . 
  and , yes , i know about the theory of fiscal unions . 
  just because i know it , i hate the euro , because it is the most imperfect of currencies . 
  however , that theory , does n't in any single way say that the debt of the worlds biggest trading block can be paid off . 
  nor does it say that one should include countries that might just be to different/to off - like greece . 
  furthermore , what you do not seem to understand , is that your little proposal is basically the same as removing debt . 
  our market is buid upon debt , credit , and interest rates . 
  apart from that you do really not seem to even think of politics politics . 
  just because greece is in a bundle , you honestly seem to believe that the rest of the world will forgive * all * thirld word , latin america , south american countries their debt , so that we ( the world ) finally will get to greece and reduce your debt too . 
  this is not the aim of the world . 
  this is not the aim of politicians , people or even economists . 
  i baffles me that you are so naive `` just forgive all the debts in the world , and remove all the debts in europe , then we form this awesome fiscal union , and all will be fine '' . 
  actually , not even then will you be fine . 
  explain how all the countries in the eu are going to have their debt forgiven , toghether with greece . 
   i 'll give you a quick reply , i ca n't stand the thought of you basking in your ignorance and congratulating yourself for your supposed superiority . 
  it is not hard to be superior who thinks * all * the countries in the eurozone should receive a haircut ( but refuse to say how ) or think that * every single country in africa , south america and latin america will get their debts written off soon * , and of course , again , refusing to say how . 
  again - now referring to keynes will not get you off the hook . 
  prominent people have been campaigning for debt * reduction * for thirld world countries since the 70 's , and it has n't happened , and you think by referring to a mytical union an keynes , you can get awy with explaining how it will happen . 
  explain , but you ca n't , can you ? 
  you promised not to answer , but once again , you did without answering any questions . 
  * first - a list of the countries in the eurozone that should have their debts taken care of by other countries/haircut , or do you truly mean that all countries in the eurozone should have their debt forgiven , as you wrote , since they all deserve it . 
  explain how all the countries in the eurozone is going to get a haircut . 
  just the fact that you suggest that , is laughable , and says that you do not even now the basic of economics . 
  honestly , you seem to be to ignorant to even understand the critiscism . 
   sigh , you 're disgusting me . 
  haha , at least i am not ignorant and stupid.that can not be fixed , and i do not care that a person who thinks that very single country in the eu is going to get debt reduction ( after all the debt i africa and south america is written off of course ) complain about my economics skill . 
  you do n't even understand debt , credit or interest rate . 
   honestly , do you really think the worlds biggest trading block will just cancel debt because it suits greece ? 
   this is what the fuck you 're suggesting when you say `` greece should default '' . 
  this is so you - so stupid that you can not tell the difference between the eu and greece . 
  i am suggesting that greece should leave the euro and make a complete default , go back to the drachma . 
  i know that is hard for you to grasp , but that is a default . 
  a real default , not getting the germans to pay off your debt while you stand next to them and whine . 
  the fact that * greece * should default , it * not * the same thing as if germany , france , belgium , italy etc , should all off a sudden have a 0 debt . 
  there are countries with low debt that have n't defaulted . 
  but , i do not expect you to know that . 
  and , that comment were to make fun off the fact that you thought , that every single country in the eu/eurozone ( frankly , i have no idea how you reason ) should have a debt reduction . 
  the idea is laughable - why should anyone else pay off finland 's debt , or why should the china say - it is ok europe , we love you , no more debt or something similar ? 
  apart from the fact , that if all the debt in the world disappeared ( which you seem to want them to do , no debt in the eu , africa or south america ) the market would collapse . 
  you see , our market is build around debt , credit , and interest rate . 
  i 'll keep repeating that until you get it . 
  so you ca n't just say - disappear debt , and it disappears . 
  it always hurts someone . 
  and , if the eu cancelled all their debts or , even if they were just paid off by friendly aliens , the market would collapse . 
  greece however , is a blip on the radar and can default . 
  i am still wanting to see the list why you deserve a haircut more than other countries btw , you just say * all * , but that is ludicrous . 
  also , when you said * all * should get debt reduction , you do not seem to understand that it mean that every single country in the worlds biggest trading block would get their debts paid off . 
  and i asked you - who would pay off france 's debt , germany 's deb , belgiums debt ? 
  of course you did n't answer . . and , frankly , i think you know so little off economics , that you might think that it can happen . 
  tell me - if * all * the countries in the eu get their debt paid off by someone else - who is doing the paying off ? 
  is that simple enough for you ? 
   it \u00b4 s the job of politics to solve them . 
  it is not the job of the finnish politicians to solve portugals problems . 
   first if that where an option greece already left a long time ago ; no , a majority of the greeks want to stay , according to the polls . 
   second leaving the euro would make imported goods so expensive that probably you would have to work all your life to get the money to buy a second hand car , and probably could not afford the fuel to drive it ... just not an reasonable option . 
  that is the only way to become competitive , and at least you will have a job . 
   the point is the competitiveness war would have to be fight anyway , with or without the euro , the only point is that without would have been a lot less painful . 
  no , you seem not to understand the economics behind fiscal unions , or my explanation of what internal devaluation is . 
  no , your fight would * not * have been the same , it is plain wrong .
