  what federations do you know that do not have permanent transfers ? 
  how are you going to fix southern europe and in what time frame . 
  for how many more years/decades/centuries are you planning to transfer money to them ? 
   that 's a basic fact of an internal market . 
  no , that is when they buy stuff . 
  what we are talking about is perment transfer , like california transferring to alabama , since california is rich , and alabama is poor . 
  i pay for greece 's subway for example , or spanish roads . 
  they do not pay for mine . 
  so , you are talking about the wrong sort of transfer . 
  try again . 
   not everyone can be net contributors in an internal market , that 's just not how things work . 
  again , we are talking about a federation . 
  please , do not mix up the terms . 
   it 's not really a case of lazy southerners as you make it sound . 
  ** ffs-prove that i said lazy southerners . 
  you are making stuff up . 
  stop lying ** honestly , if you continue to write that without proof , i am going to start calling you far worse names . 
  why are you lying ? 
  are your arguments so bad that you have to make stuff up ? 
  that is such a cowardly thing to do . 
   then , what fixes low productivity is investment in capital sometimes . 
  yes , it works in china and in eastern germany . 
  southern europe has been on the receiving end for that too , for decades . 
  still not productive . 
  do you know how many billions have been sent to southern italy ? 
  still no change . 
  one has to want to change too , want to become productive . 
  apparently they do not . 
  actually , germany , netherlands , uk , sweden are one of the countries with the worst implementations of union law no , we are not . 
  evidence . 
  i am getting so tired of you making stuff up or straight out lying . 
   you do pay more taxes , but you do receive so much more in return from your gov well , maybe it is because we do not vote for shitheads like berlusconi . 
  furthermore , unlike the greeks we might no be swayed by stuff like `` pensions for everyone at 55 '' . 
  we vote for stuff like a balanced budget ... ... why do you choose to say that the voters in southern europe are innocent ? 
  they are responsible for their politicians , and for their economy !, 
  are you saying that southern europe are not responsible for the choices they make ? 
  why not ? 
   you make it sounds like people in those country enjoy corruption and do n't want their country to improve . 
  so , the re-election of berlusconi was by accident ? 
  it did n't happen perhaps ? 
  or are you saying that he is completely honest ? 
  that the greeks are just dying to pay more taxes , but somehow they just forget too ? 
   it 's really not relevant if you pay more or not ok , then you pay more for the next three decades . 
  southern europe are net contributors then if it makes no difference . 
  i warn you - we have a lot of roads in sweden ...  why nordic countries ? 
  because i trust them , because our economies are far more similar ( important ) , as some of our languages and a lot of our culture . 
  because they are not corrupt . 
  becaue they do not vote for assholes . 
  because they do not like you , excuse everything with non scientific arguments , they take responsibility even for their bad choices . 
   the law is strict , but at least you do not have to follow it . 
  exactly . 
  we all sign it , then we ignore it . 
   there is a treaty that say that the countries that are n't in an economic depression ( this already excludes some countries ) should seek a debt under 60 % of gdp and a deficit under 3 % of gdp . 
  nobody dares to enforce the treaty at this point . 
  which means it is that is no rules . 
   that 's adorable and very german . 
  we have it too , we have followed it every year since we made it law in the end of the 90 's ... ... very swedish . 
   first of all , that 's pretty racist ... what is ? 
  could you specify ? 
   second of all , that 's a very simplified version of it , and it 's not really exactly how it works . 
  what is ? 
  do you know of any federation that do not have permanent transfers ? 
  are you saying that the perment transfer would be * smaller * ? 
   italy or greece is n't exactly an example of sound economics either , i 'll give you that , but you 're really not making a good argument against integration itself . 
  and spain and portugal , and i am actually quite doubtful about france . 
  * any * federation contains permanent tranfers - are you saying that they do not ? 
  that would mean * more * money transferred from north to south . 
  furhtermore , they do , which i have absolutely no problem of proving if you like , pay less taxes than we do , and also , which i also have no problem of proving , are far more corrupt countries . 
  apart from that , i 'd like to point out that greece and spain for example has been on the receiving end since * 1986 * . 
  however , the last 27 years has * not * managed to make them fix their economy and become contributors , it is worse than ever . 
  how many more decades of some counties receiving money do you want ? 
  how many generations ? 
  estonia did n't exists as a country when greece entered , they are now paying their debts !, 
  empires have risen and fallen in the time southern europe has not fixed their economy . 
  what is more relevant , countries like brazil , korea , thailand , china has pulled themselves out of their misery , but southern europe is * still * on the reciving end - with no end in sight . 
  how many generations of us do you want/need to pay for southern europe ? 
   it 's not really a case of lazy southerners as you make it sound . 
  i have never said lazy . 
  point out where i have . 
  i have said , and i can back it up too , corrupt and low productivity . 
  add to that that they like to vote for even more corrupt politicians like berlusconi and have made a mastery of escaping taxes.the north pay far more taxes , both in percentages , and in the fact that we actually pay them . 
  i can back that up too , if you like . 
  also , they refuse to implement changes . 
  that is for example evident if you see how the eu laws and directives are implemented . 
  which countries are in the lead ? 
  not greece , i can tell you that . 
   it 's not really a case of lazy southerners as you make it sound . 
  if it really was , then countries such as netherlands and france would n't be in the situation they are in now . 
  no , the whole euro is messed up ( and i am not to fond of the international finance market , but that is a whole different issue ) . 
  making a currency union without rules ( or , to be correct , make rules and then ignore them ) for economies that are far to different , that is not ending well . 
  so , the reason for southern europes problem is n't all low productivity , it is also added by the euro , i certainly agree to that . 
  that does n't mean however that i was not right about everything i said before and i do not want to be in a federation with any countries really , apart form maybe other nordic ones . 
   if we had a real fiscal union and a real fair currency , no one would have had to bail out anyone . 
  no , of course not . 
  the money from northern europe would just eternally go to southern europe , just like northern italy has been paying for southern italy for , well , since forever . 
  or , how the southern states in the us ( not texas , but alabama etc ) is forever receiving money from california et all . 
  all while they norhterner pay more in taxes , are more effective and less corrupt . 
  on a smaller scale that is already happening in the eu . 
  i pay in money to greece 's , portugal and spains road , but we pay for out ourselves , despite having a small population and a ( for the eu ) huge country . 
  so , not only am i paying for my roads , i am also paying for greece 's roads .
