  now however there will be even less confidence since they have promised this time to enforce it . 
  so , once again they will prove that neither the eu , the ecb or the individual states have ant respect for treaties , rules and the law . 
  nothing can be built as long as they do not have basic respect and care to follow it . 
  god , i am very happy we are not in the euro , i do not want to be in any union where no one respects the rules . 
   italy did not break any rules . 
  the higher dept/gdp was in the sunlight . 
  break the rules mean fake the budgets and the numbers . 
  yes they did . 
  can yoo show me where in the maastrich treaty , which is signed by 26 states , it says that there as right to exception , if it is open ? 
   an exeption agreed by many contries you do not seem to understand . 
  a lot of countries , informally , agreed upon this . 
  it was wrong , and against the treaty . 
  no one has the right to not to obey to a treaty , `` just becaue germany and the others knew it and were ok with it '' . 
  treaties are negotiated , and made , * so there are rules * so that everyone will know them , and that everyone should strive to follow . 
  them . 
  so , if you say it is ok not to follow the rules , just because * some * of ther countries are aware of it , you must agree it must go for all the countries , all of the time - not ? 
  so , any country can then break the maastrich treaty , as long as they do it openly , and if some of the other countries do n't care to enforce it . 
  does that go for every treaty the countries in the eu has signed . 
  then no one in the eu have to follow any rules - ever . 
  so , please show me where in the maastrich treaty it says it is ok to break the rules as long as the other countries are aware of it . 
  otherwise - you broke them . 
   ie the executives of national governments decided not to cover commitments with payments . 
  so , then they should take the responsibilty for that . 
  they are not - they are saying that the nations have to pay for it . 
  that is one way , but there are several other ways too - as in cutting down on other programs etc. 
  there is no law that say the money has to come from the eu member states . 
  also , the * council * should be the one who asks for money , not the eu . 
  and , they should each and every one of them go out to their individual nations , explain why they voted like this etc. 
  also , i would really like to know why the ep went along with it . 
  still , i see absolutely no one in the eu taking responsibility for it . 
  shame on them !, 
    who , when and how should have foreseen the council 's position ? 
  and how should the spending be planned : according to commitments or according to foresight of the position the national executives might take in the future ? 
  what ? 
  are you saying it is impossible for the council to a ) change its position ? 
  b ) have , as a guide * to only implement programs that they can afford * ? 
  the spending should be planned as a budget , of course . 
  sweden has managed to balance it budget for over a decade , as well as myriads of other countries/organisations/states / counties/companies/regions etc. 
  are you saying it can not be done?that it is impossible for the eu to do what myriads of others are doing just fine . 
  of course the eu can do it , but they do not want nor do they care to . 
  of course it can be done , the council however choose to be extremely fiscal irresponsible ( something i , and a lot of other people have come to connect with the eu ) and * if * they vote on that , they should be bloody sure that they can a motivate it for the fact that the programs are of such extreme importance ( which is hard to do when you spend 40 % on cap ) and that the nations agrees to this . 
  obviously , they have failed on both accounts . 
  to me , this is one more reason that the eu is extremely fiscally irresponsible and truly do not even attempt to balance a budget . 
  and , another reason we should give as little as possible , the eu is apparently not even attempting too , they vote for programs that is not covered . 
  who , apart from extremely fiscally irresponsible people does that ? 
  and , i think we are just going to see more and more of it too . 
  i would be furious if my government did something as irresponsible like this , and i am certainly not going to accept it from the eu ( and , we might very well have , i have no idea how the swedish commissionary voted , but i am sure as hell going to find out ) . 
  all in all , the eu is showing again how little they care about fiscal responsibility , and this time at the highest level . 
   while it is so clear that it is the eu that have messed up . 
  if you ( in this case the eu , through the council , as you have explained ) initiate programs that you can not pay for , in my mind , you have messed up . 
  for me it is important that the eu is a ) prudent with money b ) do not write checks that they do not have cover for . 
  they have done that , so obviously they have messed up . 
  or , are you saying that it is completely out of eu 's hands ? 
  that it was by accident this happened , that they in no way could foresee this ? 
  well , then , the european parlament should n't accept the programs , luckily both have to accept it . 
  second , it is * still * important that the countries do not accept this behaviour . 
  the council should not get away with also , then we know it is 27 ministers . 
  i think it should be important that a newspaper/journalist mapped out who voted for it , and why , and also for how long . 
  obviously , the ministers have decided to vote for something that the eu can not afford , not caring one single bit about the consequences . 
  it is extremely important that we know which ministers that did that , and ask them why . 
  still , i do not see any reason , at all , why the individual states should pay to cover for * the eu 's * mess . 
  i mean , the indivuidual states * have * done their part - it is up to the eu to do theirs . 
  honestly , how irresponsible can they be . 
  start programs that they can not afford , and instead of cutting back or changing , they just ask for more money . 
  we have all seen how well that work for states ( irony ) , and letting the eu get away with that sort of behaviour is not only wrong , it is a clear moral hazard . 
  it is a very slippery slope , and it should stop here . 
  in fact , it is all rather easy . 
  the eu fucked up , so they should fix it . 
  asking someone else to cover for your mistakes is wrong , both as individual , states , or organisations . 
  the eu is most certainly heading down the wrong road for doing that . 
  it is sad however , that most people do not seem to get that , but think the countries should just pay up , and get angry with the uk , while it is so clear that it is the eu that have messed up . 
  ok , then i misunderstood . 
  so , the council has made commitments that they do not have the money for ? 
  so , then perhaps the council should back on their commitments then ? 
  also , the council have no former legislative power ( we are talking about the european council , right ? 
  ) , so the ep should say no , and send it back . 
  otherwise , the council just say - we give trillions to x , and then ask countries to donate . 
  that is the councils problems , not the eu 's , and the council should then back off . 
  i would also say it is important that the council does n't get this through , how on earth will then they learn ? 
   countries have made commitments but not paid for all those commitments . 
  so , the problem should then be by asking those countries who has not paid , to pay , or refuse to give those countries anything , until they pay.why are n't they doing that instead ? 
   it is n't . 
  that 's why the parliament has been raising a stink about it regarding the mff 2014-20 too . 
  but , the ep have n't come up with the idea of asking countries to actually pay what they are supposed to ? 
  what they are doing , according to the budget , is asking everybody . 
   called an amending budget - so , countries who has behaved are paying for countries who misbehaves then ? 
  wonderful signals the eu are sending out , really . 
   well , there 's problem . 
  countries have made commitments but not paid for all those commitments . 
  now it 's 2013 , the last year of mff 2007-13 and budgetary commitments should be met with actual payments . 
  but with the council it seems to be like pulling teeth ( see their decisions jul and dec 2012 ) . 
  which countries ? 
  why should well behaved countries pay for countries who refuse to pay ? 
  i do n't see this logic , at all . 
  obviously , you should ask for money from those who * owes * the eu money , not from those who do not . 
  thank you for your answer . 
   because there 's not enough money to cover all the budgeted and completed programs from 2012 . 
  so , obviously the eu has adopted programs that they can not afford . 
  not to be obtuse , but who is responsible for that ? 
  i mean , it is the first thing one should look at - can we do this ?
