  frankly - if the eu works , why have the dynamic not changed one bit ? 
   town centres actually look modern and friendly . 
  is that the role of the eu - to take finnish tax payers money for example to make irish towns look friendly ? 
  i am sorry if i offended you , but please tell me why the same countries are net contributors as before . 
  spain , greece and portugal hads been on the receiving end for 34 years in 2020 , it is neither healthy nor is it fair . 
  and , do n't you dare blame it on agriculture - those are the countries that have supported the ineffecient cap that we have.not to mention that a majority of the tax payers money has gone to that . 
   it 's a big sector here no , it is a big sector because you have supported it . 
  nor * is * it actually a bigger sector than let us say in sweden , but we are still net payers . 
   also , as an irish person i take great offence to your preconceived notions of what we have done with the funding we have gotten . 
  so , all the time when we did n't banned the dealing with the settlements , the israelis have just been trying to have peace talks , truly fight for an independent palestine etc , but * this * will be counterproductive ? 
  seriously , i wish the us/eu would get their head out of israels ass and put some real pressure on them . 
  we all know they do not want an independent palestine , but that does n't mean that the palestinians do n't deserve a country . 
  and , we all know the settlements are there for land grabbing too , israel . 
  so , spanish sewages paid for with swedish money ? 
  i 'd like to see more investements in renewable energy too , but that is not what a majority of the infrastructure is going too - it is going to other things . 
  and frankly , i wonder for how long . 
  if spain for example is going to get their roads built for them by the eu since 1986 ( and it is at least going to be until 2020 ) - for how long is the eu going to build spanish roads . 
  frankly - roads are out , and i think 34 years is more than enough . 
  i do n't mind being a net contributor with money , but frankly , i do n't see a lot for it , it does n't seem to work and i think the eu should reconsider how they spend the money on infrastructure . 
  it is not the role of the eu to spend money to stimulate the economy . 
  if you eurozone countries want to do that , it is fine . 
  but do n't try to get the eu to do it - we need a whole different treaty for that . 
  and voting , and ... . and , frankly , after seeing how the eurozone functions with the bank saves , idiotic bail outs , etc , i 'd rather run in a completely different direction . 
  and - if the eu investement works - why are the same countries still on the receiving end ? 
  first , define meaningful . 
  i think it means different things to different people . 
  i think we are connected in a meaningful way . 
   it was such a golden electoral promise : an airport for your small 60.000 thousand people city !, 
  most of them were built with borrowed money from the politician-controlled savings banks ( the infamous cajas ) . 
  anyways , they all collapsed , were bailed out and later forced to merge and turn into banks . 
  and kids , that 's why we needed to borrow eu money on june 2012 , because regional and local politician fucked up big time ... 
  but i 'm beating around the bush here . 
  so , the ez countries bailed out politicians banks for no collateral ? 
  brilliant plan for politicians , and bad for tax payers . 
  and people wonder i am against deeper financial integration in the eu . 
  this is what happens there - with germany in the forefront . 
  when we bailed out our banks they paid in shares , we sold them a made money on them . 
  that the ez did n't , says a lot , unfortunately . 
   i said it 's partly true , because most of that money was properly spent , in things like making roads safer , building necessary bridges , improving water depuration in rural areas of poorer regions , developping solar and eolic energy , etc. 
  and , as i started out , is not against that . 
  i just do n't think it seems to be to much , and has been going on for to long . 
  i think at least part of the money should be spent on r & d for example . 
  and , two question that comes to mind is - how long ? 
  if spain has been receiving money for that ( net receivers ) for 27 years , now , and are receiving up until 2020 , should some of those countries be net donors then ? 
  and , since that will not happen , then maybe we should look over our structure , obviously the choices we made are not working very well . 
  perhaps , countries should fix their own infrastructure , and eu be more r & d type ? 
  second question - if a country knows if will receive money for this and that , maybe they will not bother to build up a proper structure for themselves if they know it will be partly paid for . 
  can that have happened in spain ? 
  i understand that infrastructure needs spending . 
  however , it needs to be spent wisely , and with the future in mind - read non oil based , etc. 
  and , perhaps , for a brief period of time too . 
   none . 
  in fact , judging by the report , the fact that the state controls all the airports is considered bad under so what you are saying is that no money , at all from the eu has gone to airports and the infrastructure around the airports in spain . 
  fine , off to google , but i 'll be so happy if you are right . 
  doubt it very much though  why did you just tell me that spain 's regional infrastructure strategy of 16 billion euro per year is far larger than the uk , who just said it would spend 50bn pound for 2015/16 because my guess is that cameron is puttin on the big guns for 2015 who btw is election year ( at the latest ) in the uk . 
  but ok , might be less . 
  the uk however hasa far bigger population than spain and a net payer , not net receiver . 
  furthermore , this started as a comment on the idiocy of the eu budget , and if infrastructural investment worked , why are we still paying for them - in other countries that have been on the receiving end for 30 years ? 
  how many years is ok to pay in your mind ? 
  when are they going to stand on their own two feet ? 
  in general - if it works why are they still receiving . 
  now - answer some of my questions . 
  i have of course noticed that you have refused to answer mine . 
  a ) why are you constatnly comparing with the uk ? 
  b ) why are you comparing the eu to nations ? 
  do n't you know it is a huge difference in how they act , invest and how they should act ? 
  c ) you wrote this :  this is a trade enhancement and integration program , because expanding trade consistently helps economic growth . 
  the biggest recipients of this since the 80 's is southern europe . 
  which all need help right now . 
  so , apparently it is not working very well . 
  why do you want to continue something that is not working ? 
  have you heard of alternative investments cost ? 
  i think my money could have been spent far better elsewhere . 
  d ) if they have received infrastructural help since the 80 's , or earlier in greece case - why are they still receiving it ? 
  countries like kore has gone from rag to riches in that time . 
  same with regional help btw - for how many decades do you want to hand over money ? 
  i 'd like a number , please . 
  e ) you never answered the question about spanish regional corruption and if my money would n't have been spent elsewhere . 
  you said no lfree lunch . 
  well , if my money has been used incorrectly i want to know . 
  have they ? 
  yes , i can give to those in need - but for how many decades ? 
  it does n't seem to change , not at all . 
  perhaps we should do a large overhaul then , spend more on energy , r & d etc , and less on agriculture and infrastructure . 
  otherwise , spain , italy , greece and portugal should most definately not receive anything really after 2020 . 
  40 years must be enough , must n't it ? 
  i do n't get it - are you saying that none of the 48 airports mentioned ( or the roads to them ) are getting eu funding , or is it one of them that is n't . 
  and , for the second paper - what exactly is is you want me to see that ? 
  it is 79 pages long , and i do see that spain has a regional strategy for infrastructure ( 2005-2020 ) that is 240 billion euros - and i see some of it is coming from the eu . 
  far , far more than the uk btw . 
   that 's the kind of infrastructure investment i would support . 
  me to - and we are not , not at all . 
  also , a lot of that would also go under r & d , but that is someting i 'll gladly pay for . 
  not all research is good or leads somewhere , but we need it , and we need the structure afterwards to take care of the researchers and the results . 
   and spain is now dealing with the consequences of it 's past governmental system of favoritism as well as paying the maintenance fees . 
  so no free lunch there . 
  what ? 
  what have my money been going to ? 
  if they could have been used better elsewhere , there is most definately a free lunch for spain . 
  it seems like the eu has fucked up - majorly if the money has bveen going to that .
