  so , it is doing what it should . 
  edit : apparently i misunderstood you , sorry . 
  i do n't think it is wrong however of the ecb of keeping the inflation low , that is after all their primary target and they do not have duties to individual countries . 
  the euro is doing fine , which is all they should care about . 
  if one want ot to change , change the ecb statues . 
   statutes can be changed if everyone agrees . 
  of course , they are not set in stone . 
  it will however take years , and i have not seen anyone attempting to change it , or the maastricht treaties and criterais , which will also take years . 
  until then , do n't you think we should respect and follow the law and the democratic deciscions we have made ? 
  as in not do anything against the statue ? 
  do n't you agree ? 
   enough to stop the vicious costcutting -  wrecking the economy -  reduced income -  costcutting cycle . 
  the fact of the matter is that the states only came into trouble when they had to bail out careless banks . 
  it 's those banks who had to pay the crisis , not the ordinary people . 
  you did n't answer my question . 
  how many trillions more in credit ? 
  also , this is credit given by ( for example ) the german people towards the greek people , or by the finns towards the portuguese . 
  why should they pay for their problems ? 
  honestly , what have the individual finn done ? 
  this is not about the banks , it has never been . 
  unless you noticed , a lot of countries are crawling back . 
  the euro countries are not , due to the euro . 
  furthermore , the banks have not caused the euro crises ( they have however contributed to it ) , the badly constructed euro has . 
   obviously you 're trying to frame me as a cheapskate , but no : i do not want to pay back the loans we took to save the asses of irresponsible bankers . 
  so you want to a ) wreck the economy b ) blame the euro crises on the banks , not on the euro ? 
  i 'd like for you to back up your claim with reputable sources that all the loans were taken to help out irresponsible bankers . 
  for example , greece took a lot of loans since they have a primary deficit ( maybe not this year ) , before any of their banks were in trouble . 
  should we pay off those loans to ? 
  why ? 
  also , what is an irresponsible banker - could you define that please ? 
  why do you ignore the construction of the euro and the internal devaluation who is the primary cause of the for the current crises ? 
   well , change the fucking statutes already . 
  i have no objection to that . 
  the statues are not written in stone . 
  * however * , more important than the euro ( and its survival which i do n't really care about anyway ) or the eu , is democracy . 
  for democracy for survive and thrive , we need to respect the law , and we need to respect instututions that uphold the law . 
  it is not only undemocratic not to follow the statue , it is unacceptable . 
  change it all you want , * but go through the proper channels * . 
  until then , the law , as it is , should be followed . 
  what more , i am not a euro fan , but even the most fanatical eurosupporter have to see that one can not build a currency , or anything remotely democratic , if one does not follow the law . 
  what more , if the euro makes the euro countries to break the law and behave undemocratic , then the euro , or even the eu does n't deserve to survive . 
  do n't you agree ? 
  well , it can mean a lot of things . 
  sometimes it means that , sometimes it is a filler , sometimes it means enough or about . 
  haha , it was fun . 
  thanks . 
  we have the word `` nog '' too , it can mean quite/almost/enough / about or just used as a filler as well . 
  perhaps it is the same . 
  i have not used any translation service . 
  tell me if i am right . 
  `` that can be changed/fixed . 
  i hope that you without any problems can understand and read these words . '', 
  then it gets a bit strange and i have a bit of a problem . 
  you want to ask me something about something written in dutch i believe ? 
  i do n't understand when dutch people speak really , it is to fast and since i do n't even know the most common words , it is hard to concentrate and figure out the words i do n't know . 
  written dutch however is actually ok , since i speak german and swedish one can usually figure out the context at least . 
  how did i do ? 
   germany does n't need to reduce exports , it just needs to give permission for the ecb to write out more credit to break the shackles of excessive debt . 
  but that is against the ecb statues . 
  furthermore , if you look at target 2 , the credit given to southern europe is close to a trillion ( i belive , whatever comes after billion ) and i think greece alone has about 300 billions in credit . 
  how much credit do you want ? 
  four trillions ? 
  when is it enough for you ? 
   the debts from the past are a millstone around the neck of the eu economy . 
  the religious insistence on paying off debts with hard work is holding us back . 
  so you do not want to pay back loans ? 
  well , then we need a completely new economy . 
  it is a novel and perhaps interesting idea , but a world without loans - well , i do n't belive in it . 
  i speak very good german , i knew that . 
  i wish i could have gotten dutch or icelandic . 
  i 'd like for barroso to describe , in detail , what he wants germany to do . 
  to say that they have to `` stabilize the eurozone '' is the financial equivalent of `` working towards a common goal '' or whatever it is that politicians say that means nothing . 
  it is a long , but interesting read about how the wine industry in france will have to face the challanges of a warmer world . 
  it is however , not as pessimistic as some articles , and i quite liked it ( but i am interested in climate change , and who does n't like wine ) . 
  it would be fun to see how good different english speaking countries are in a competition . 
  will canada beat ireland ? 
  will australia win over the uk ? 
  ok , then i have misinterpreted you . 
  as it stands , the eu is breaking the treaty every day . 
  i do n't think it should be renegotiated due to two reasons . 
  a - what good is it making a new treaty when we do n't care and ignore the ones we have . 
  you ca n't build anything on sand . 
  b ) it would be a no . 
  i mean , do you thinks the finns and the french will say yes to cutting their own pensions to pay off greece 's debt ? 
  because that is what a transfer union is . 
  i think the euro should be abandoned . 
  it is a crappy and bad currency . 
  above all , if it makes countries break the law and ignore it , it should most definitely be abandoned.sure , fix it , but legally then ( which we both no will not happen ) . 
  why should a currency that is bad and make countries ignore treaties and get driven into poverty survive . 
  if you want the euro - sure , but do it legally . 
  do n't bail out countries when you are not allowed to . 
  do n't try to get transfers in through the back door , and do n't support individual countries . 
  nothing can justifying not following the treaties we have , you have to agree with that , do n't you . 
  after all , if we ca n't trust the countries to follow the law , how can we build anything ? 
  it has to be national referendums . 
  that is non negotiable . 
  a ) to change the maastricht treaty all 28 states have to say yes . 
  that is not something one can just ignore , nor should one . 
  i am sure you agree to that . 
  what you are suggesting is an end to the national states and goes against at least my countries constitution and i am sure several others .
