  why do n't you complain some more about how misunderstood you are ? 
  how the world claims that `` the french '' won the world cup when it was really just 11 guys on a field , and you had nothing to do with it . 
  and you write `` the americans , the brits etc '' but i guess that since you are french you have done nothing wrong ? 
  but i suggest that you start with some light reading . 
  first , learn the difference between the eurozone and the european union . 
  it was very evident from your comment that you had no clue . 
  second , after spending a few months learning that , perhaps you could move on to learning the countries in the eu ( i think europe will be to hard for you ) . 
  spend a week or two understanding the difference between finland and sweden . 
  then we can start to talk , and i 'll even download a bieber song for you . 
  no , i am not , but you are a whiner who takes everything personal . 
  how french of you . 
  you are so stupid that you do not even know the difference between the euro and the eu . 
  we voted no to the euro , but i guess you are so uneducated that you have n't figured out we are not in it yet . 
  hint , we are not finland . 
  buhu , my country fucked up and i am not taking respinsibility for it . 
  we forced the euro upon the europeans , poor , poor us . 
  keep whining , you are doing an excellent job . 
   and then have the balls to ask me to personally take responsibility . 
  you clearly have a problem against the french . 
  no , i did n't , i said , the french !, 
  which you read as `` me personally '' . 
  if i say `` the french should invade syria '' , i do not necessarily mean you , which i clearly explained to you . 
  however , you refuse to understand that , because you like to whine i guess and feel like a victim . 
  keep it up , you are an * excellent * whiner , you could whine for france . 
  here are posts when you are clearly incorrect , according to yourself . 
  how * dare * you write about `` the americans '' the way you do . 
   even if it does n't technically change anything for americans ' daily lives , it will be a major blow to america 's confidence , as most americans alive today have always lived in a world where they were on top . 
  and americans are a very proud bunch . 
  how america will react to being number 2 , to the `` commie '' chinese of all countries , remains to be seen . 
  but it could at least fuel social unrest . 
  how can you be 100 % sure that the americans are a pround bunch for example ? 
  are you sure there is not a single american who is not proud ? 
  what is this generalising that you do , it seems like you assigne traits to 300 million americans . 
  that is absolutely stupid , you can not know that . 
   what did give him some form of legitimacy for the french is simply that he did manage to impose himself as the prominent military leader of the free french forces how dar you speak for every single frenchmen here ? 
  perhaps someone did n't agree with degaulle , or are you saying that it never happened ? 
  please stop using `` the french '' you obviously have no clue about anything , since 100 % of the frenchmen had not agreed , or even voted about de gaulle at the time . 
   [ -- ] martelfirst 4 po\u00e4ng 3 dagar sen ( 4 | 0 )  it 's true , during ww2 the americans favored a more far-right-leaning french leader to command the free french forces ( slightly more `` far-right '' , because ultimately how dare you presume to know what every single american wanted ? 
  stop this immediately , you can not speak for the americans . 
   the british probably would n't do the same as they were for republican victory . 
  how dare you speak for the brits ? 
  how dare you . 
  you have no right to do that , you have no idea what 100 % of the brits think . 
  do you realise how fucking sillyt you are now , or do you want me to continue ? 
  yes and you complain and whine like the little baby you are when something does n't suit you . 
  buhu , someone said the french were responsible for the creation of the euro , but i am french , and i did n't create the euro . 
  i mean , it is correct that the french people democratically voted for and elected the people who forced the germabs to accept the euro and it is also equally true that they created a really bad euro and it is also true that we are just whining like me but since personally did n't do that no one on the planet can say `` the frebch '' . 
  then i will outwhine you until you can stand it no more . 
  you whiner . 
  accept that one say stuff like '' the french are responsible for x and the germans for '' . 
  i will read your posts very carefully from now on and if you ever say , `` the french '' without meaning 100 % of the population i will tell on you , just like you do . 
  so , unless you can mean 100 % of the population , do not ever mention nationalities again , you whiner . 
  remember that , no more mentioning of nationalities . 
  at some point when you leave your teen years we can have a grown up discussion about adulthood , euro , nationality and above all , responsibility . 
  until then , enjoy justin bieber and miley cyrus . 
  the french people choose to elect your leaders who forced a disastrous currency union upon the rest if europe . 
  and saying you do not accept blame - you have voted have n't you ? 
  you are part of a people that forced the germans to accept a currency . 
  or your parents did . 
  and , you and your peers have elected the inept leadership we see now from france , which is none . 
  you have elected people that are not being honest about forcing the euro upon the germans - i mean you are n't even admitting to it now . 
  it is a sore spot for you , but get over it and own up to it . 
  behave like adults . 
  and , then i also guess that you will never ever say something like '' we beat england '' because you personally did n't win then . 
  it is the same thing . 
  and you can never say something like '' israel harms palestinians '' because every israelian in the world is not doing that . 
  your arguments are beyond silly . 
  i hope i never see you write about nationalities here again because i will call you out , every single time , even if it is just `` we won '' . 
  because you did n't . 
  not you personally . 
  there is a huge consensus on what an optimal currency union is . 
  and , there is not a `` perfect '' one anywhere . 
  not on the euro . 
  since economists work in the world of politics , you can find marxists economists etc. 
  also , economists are aware that they live in an imperfect world with all its restrictions . 
  thus it makes more sense to advocate for debt reduction for greece , than a politically integrated union where the finns transfers huge amount of their wealth south and germany pay off italy 's debt . 
  however , head over to r/economists and ask if they consider the euro optimal even in an imperfect world . 
  internal devaluation is bad , in particular since there is no end in sight , no real debt reduction and it will take decades to raise their productivity to those levels of northern europe . 
  they are loosing several generations i mean , compare it to the currency union between ddr/brd . 
  the ddr had no debt , they have had enormous help from the west that made sure they have schools , pensions , social security etc and the ddr is still less competitive , more than 20 years after the fact . 
  how long will it take southern europe who has no help and corruption as a bonus ? 
  i fault the eurozone countries leaders for not acting . 
  they should . 
  help them or kick them out , but act . 
  no , that is really not the truth , not when it comes to spain and portugal , only greece . 
  are you not aware of how a currency union works ? 
  what is happening there is internal devaluation which is really tough . 
  are you denying that ? 
  i will post links as to how currency union works later on and then i 'd like for you to explain why you are right and the economists wrong . 
  sigh , if i say `` france is invading kongo '' or `` france is supporting israel '' i do not mean you personally . 
  do you honestly have no clue about the difference between a country and a person ? 
  do you want me to explain the difference between a state and a human to you ? 
  now you are just being very , very silly . 
  have you never heard expressions like `` the germans started wwii '' or `` the brits drink a lot of tea '' . 
  no , that does not mean that every single british person drink tea , but a lot of them do . 
  are you so dense that you do not get that ? 
  do n't you say france won , when you win in rugby against the brits , or what do you say ? 
  a team of players that ... that said - why did the french elect people that forced the germans into a currency union they never wanted ? 
  why did the french create such a bad currency union and why have you guys not tried to change things ? 
  why have n't you taken responsibility for it , just like generations of germans that never had anything to do with the war shoulder responsibility for that ?
