  i also do n't think you should have been in the euro , not just because of the rules , but i think it is bad for weaker economies , no matter how well run they are . 
  however , it feels like everyone has unrealistic expectation of the bailouts - i mean mistakes has been made , but that is sort of to be expected , and i do n't think the greek bailout necessarily has been worse than some others . 
  also - i truly believe that the only one who can fix greeks is the greeks , ( same for every country ) and that is why i reacted a bit when i thought you meant that others were supposed to fix it . 
  you said that we have made money - we have not made money from the greek debacle , some banks have . 
  and yes , i know everyone is loosing ( greeks too ) but that is the way when a house of cards ( greek economy with the aid of a badly constructed euro ) collapses . 
  also , honestly if the state make money it is not necessarily bad , it can be transferred to the tax payer . 
  i however think that they have transferred the costs to the tax payers , but the profits are in private hands . 
  so , yes , we all loose . 
  however - how did greece expect their finances to hold ? 
  why have n't you fixed things before ? 
  i mean , at some point i thought countries who has been receiving money from the eu to contribute , not just receive . 
  when i meant a list where in peace time , the debtors have n't been taken advantage . 
  i do n't think that list exists - the debtor always get a shitty deal , greece too . 
  however , compared to some african countries , i think you have it a lot better . 
  you will never get justice - whatever that is , but you will manage to look whiney . 
  also - if one complain as much as the poles so , you better have your t 's crossed and i 's dotted , because what is even worse than people whining , is people whining while doing the same thing themselves . 
  so , i hope there is never ever a tv series or movie from poland that is not 100 % accurate , because that would make you look like hypocrites . 
  but , ever single country has bad shit in their history , some far more recent than the poles . 
  and , every single nationality get badly represented , incorrectly or even plain old lying ( i am looking at you us who did a movie how you stole the enigma machine , and yes , i know poles were involved in that ) . 
  yet , you do n't see russians , brits , vietnamese , arabs , etc complaining the whole time . 
  i mean , it is only a mini series , bad and incorrect tv shows and movies are everywhere . 
  i do n't see why you have the poles are so angry , it is just a show . 
  also - are all polish program 's and movies totally impartial and completely accurate ? 
  all of them ? 
  there is never any instant when you might have tweaked the truth a bit , perhaps made someone a baddie who was n't etc ? 
  are you perfect ? 
  it 's just a show , make a new and excellent one instead then . 
  haha , you are not even ironic are you ? 
  never ever has polish people done anything wrong ? 
  never murdered , never ever invaded ? 
  i am honestly surprised that you do n't write about how polish people do n't shit either . 
  i guess you are just a people of perfection who never ever done anything and you have suffered more than any other people in the whole world . 
  as a result , everyone should adhere to the poles and give them special treatment , since you are just so god damn unique and special . 
  so , you fought oppression and other countries , you were invaded and mistreated ? 
  show me a list of countries who does not have these things in their past ? 
  if you do not want special treatment , why does the mistreatment of poles makes you so special ? 
  everyone on this planet has that shit in their background , some far more recent than poland , they are still living with that . 
  yet , you take your history as a some evidence that the poles `` truth should be told '' . 
  what about the brits ? 
  the russians , the vietnamese , the greeks , the arabs etc. 
  every single nationality is incorrectly portrayed , do n't you know that ? 
  yet i do n't see everyone else i also hope that poland never ever makes a mini series that incorrectly portrays russians for example , then you would be horrible , people of course . 
  can you honestly say that every single polish movie and tv show is completely accurate in it portrayal of other nationalities ? 
  should everyone else start bashing the poles ? 
  i am not pissed , you have just managed to give me that the impression that poles are whiney and wants special treatment . 
  i am not even german , just someone who thinks that anyway . 
  i actually do n't think my country has helped greece , outside of the imf and the eu . 
  our finance minister has been very vocal about the fact that he thinks almost everyone , including greece are making shitty decisions and bad saves , not just the greek saves , but the bank save etc. 
  his suggestion to greece was leaving the euro and debt reconstruction after that . 
  and , the countries were helping , provided that the greeks wants to stay in the euro which i understand that the greek people wants if you look at the polls . 
  there is absolutely no way that oils have happened without money , debt reconstruction , other countries tax payers absorbing the debt etc. 
  or , are you saying that it could have happened ? 
  how were you going to manage that ? 
  please explain , i would love to hear . 
  so , the greek got what they wanted , you just do not seem to like the prize and that it was obviously mistakes made - but what save has n't ? 
  yes , greece 's help were not perfect but for the average tax payer greece has been nothing but a cost . 
  i too think more financial institutions should have taken more fall , but i also think that the euro is wrongly constructed , that countries should follow the maastricht treaty , greece should never been let in and certainly not saved to stay in . 
  that is not lying , nor are most `` you people '' as you seem to claim . 
  and , for taking advantage , i certainly would like for you to inform the average tax payer in the eu how they have taken advantage on this . 
  furthermore , i 'd like for you to provide a list of saves where there has been no `` taken advantage of '' . 
  just like other saves , greece 's saves has some winner and losers , i 'd like for you to provide me a list of saves who has not . 
  also , why do you claim that there should be a save where no one wins , or just the greeks ? 
  no , we have not had this conversation before as far as i can recall . 
  but , if the fixing was n't perfect , which it was not , at least someone , somewhere were trying to act , something the greeks have failed to do for decades . 
  so , first you do n't fix it , then you complain it was not perfect . 
  to me it seems that you are putting the responsibility outside . 
  it was certainly not perfect - but what save is ? 
  do you have a list of perfect saves ? 
  they have even admitted some of it went wrong , which is more than most countries have gotten , argentina and several african states comes to mind . 
  i think they are still waiting for imf to apologise . 
  so , in that sense greece has gotten a lot more than most countries . 
  plus , european tax payers has absorbed a lot of greek debt . 
  yet , you seem to want it to be perfect . 
  frankly , if you messed up , why ca n't you just fix it yourself then ? 
  i find the title to be extremely misleading and incorrect . 
  no , now you are putting words in my mouth something you accused me of . 
  i have n't spoken about the program . 
  you however seem to be blaming the current state all on other people , not on the greeks . 
  you thanked everyone , ironically of course , so you are obviously putting the responsibility outside of greece . 
  what do you think greece 's responsibilities are then ? 
  and why have n't they been fixed , for decades ? 
  you do n't think greeks themselves have something to do other the current state you are in ? 
  i mean , greece has been corrupt since forever for example . 
  how is that the fault of the eu ? 
  so , you have no list or can even name anything , just a baseless claim that some private german people might have some art ? 
  not even the state ? 
  do you expect the state to empty each german household , due to this claim that you can not even show a list of ? 
  furthermore , due to your claim that you can not provide any proof of , that some private people in germany might have some art from poland , you are honestly claiming that the russian state should not give back looted art that germany can name ? 
  could you please explain what is wrong with our justice system - extensively with links please ? 
  but you can not return something that has been destroyed ? 
  so , what you are saying is that since germany were nazi 's in wwii and destroyed artwork in poland , they are not entitled to get artwork back from russia ? 
  is that what you mean ? 
  what artworks are you referring too ? 
   i do n't think the justice system in sweden is independent . 
  could you explain extensively please ? 
  what is it you do not like . 
  true , i have never thought about that . 
  our swedish slang is very much like the norwegian . 
  * sp\u00e4nn , lakan och st\u00e5lar * are words we use too . 
  to that i 'd like to add * papp * ( 1000 sek , from paper i assume ) , * lax * ( actually means salmon , comes from that the 1000 sek bill used to be pinkish/salmon coloured ) , * deg * ( dough ) , * sekiner * and * bagis * .
