  or 2016 , or ... think of ddr/brd . 
  ddr were far less productive ( to say the least ) and they had the d-mark . 
  to offset that , germany made investments of * trillions * , but also kept their social system going , health care , schools etc. 
  24 years after the reuninon , ddr is still after west germany . 
  i mean , one ca n't expect greece et al to become as productive as the north ( since the currency is suited to them ) in less than two decades or maybe three . 
  true , they are not ddr , obviously , but they are not receiving any social transfers or investment , only debt and austerity . 
  so , if the cure take three decades - will greece still live then ? 
   it was n't because of the inflation paranoia and paranoid attitude of some rich countries . 
  the euro crisis basically ended when draghi said : `` the ecb will do anything necessary to keep the euro afloat '' . 
  at that point stability returned . 
  ahem , how is the crises ended when the ez has enormous unemployment , no rules , growth problems , huge debt and heading into japan territory . 
  thanks for the correction . 
  but , only former `` eastern '' ( that might be a bit wide ) countries that frankly has a low gdp projects a decent growth . 
  i am fascinated by the fact that the eurozone ignores numbers like this . 
  i wonder for how many years . 
  i think it interesting that no ez country apart from latvia and estonia is projected to have a growth above 1,9 % , while sweden , denmark , poland , the uk and almost all other eastern european countries are . 
  should n't this finally tell the ez that they are in a deep , deep trouble and should act ? 
  or does people in the ez belive this is just a complete accident , and will change in 2015 ? 
  and , swedens debt/gdp is below 40 , i belive it is 37 % . 
  no , sweden only have sd or the left , which is the former communist party , if you want to vote against the eu in sweden . 
  and they are again , very mild for european standards , it is not far right . 
  and they do n't mind gays or samis , at least not what i 've heard . 
  it is possible that they might disagree with the sami about something , but frankly , half of sweden does that . 
  that is not equivalent to being right wing . 
  i do that , i question the fact that we are not allowed to have wolfes , lynx , bear etc in any area they have reindeers . 
  why not ? 
  i depends on what you mean with far right . 
  no , it is n't really , not compared to other parties , just within sweden . 
  and why it is upvoted is probably because it is honest . 
  and , in sweden , if you are negative to the eu you have to parties . 
  the sd ( sweden democrats ) or vp , the left party , the ( former ) communists . 
  basically one has to choose between two parties one do not like , it is like flipping a coin . 
  ah , now i see , thanks . 
  yes , i have never really liked that system and i can see that it messes up for british voters . 
  we have more that you get the % that votes for you , but we still manages to mess it up ... 
  yes , that is why i said there is no perfect currency , but there are good ones . 
  you see , stockholm transfers money to kiruna ( or in the exact case if kiruna , probably the other way around ) . 
  that is a transfer , so we will be equal . 
  we also have shared foreign debt , shared banks and money transfers for stuff like pensions , health care and schools in case one area can not cover it . 
  we also have roughly the same productivity , we have the sane government and sane rules . 
  that is why the sek works . 
  that is why the gbp works , the usd works and why the d-mark worked . 
  all successful currencies have political , social and financial integration . 
  the euro does n't . 
  that is why it is a shorty currency and why the unemployment is going through the roof and why people are suffering . 
  it sounds intelligent but i am afraid i am a bit ignorant . 
  what is a ftpt system ? 
  and why do they have a bias against smaller parties ? 
  how is it hard to distinguish themselves ? 
  just be against that and the euro . 
  most parties are pro euro you know , perhaps most notably s and m. besides , should n't that broad consensus be shared by the people or are we now in the hands of ruling political class where we have no say ? 
  how can the parties be pro euro when only 13 % want the euro . 
  if that is broad political consensus i do not want it and think it is horrible . 
  what about the will of the people ? 
  and , if almost half the population is against the eu - why is that not reflected ? 
  how is it good if the people 's will is not reflected ? 
  that is not democracy then . 
  it is not just the `` blockpolitik '' . 
  look at the eu elections . 
  that is not block political election , yet they are indistinguishable from one another . 
  the only two who stands out are vp and sd . 
  and , btw , the only ones who pick up the 45 % that are against the eu , and 87 % that are against the euro . 
   i mean , with the european union , it 's almost as if nobody 's at the wheel . 
  how are you supposed to move towards an `` ever closer union '' when you 're constantly adding new members every year at different stages of integration and with different motivations to integrate ? 
  and how do you plan to consolidate not only them , but already-present members , in the middle of a economic crisis ? 
  it just seems like a seriously flawed short-term strategy , and a very uncertain long-term strategy . 
  i know . 
   some of the most successful economies are outside the eurozone however , namely poland , sweden & the united kingdom ( in that order ) . 
  but all have differing financial philosophies , and in the case of the united kingdom , political philosophies as well ( do n't know much about poland and sweden in this regard ) . 
  there is a value in having your own currency , and the euro is a really , really badly thought out currency . 
  apart from that it is also a question about control over ones economy , about ones identity etc. 
   what i 'm trying to say , is maybe it might be easier to convince the northern states to carry the weight of the south states if the european union was more centralized . 
  if it had less members , perhaps it would n't have as much resistance to extending the european union 's sovereignty at the cost of the eurozone members national sovereignty , which i think , although this is merely a opinion , would help in responding to crises perhaps , but from sweden no . 
  maybe it will be easier to convince germany though . 
  mainly , the north are not to keen on carry the weight at all . 
  why should they be really ? 
  we are not one nation , we are several different . 
   and maybe the nations outside the eurozone would have more room to maneuver financially and politically without the e.u. 
  it is not the eu really that has red tape , it is the eurozone countries that ca n't manouver because of the fact that the euro is very badly constructed currency . 
   honestly , i would love to see a consolidated european union with all of the present members , but at the rate it 's going , i just ca n't see the eurozone surviving or remaining stable with the present state . 
  the european union needs a massive overhaul , and like you pointed out , the eurozone states realize this , they just do n't ar n't willing to do it . 
  i do n't . 
  i like being in a national state where my voice counts . 
  i have seen what the eu does when it takes over policies , like the cap , or finances , like in the eurozone . 
  i am honestly hard pressed to say anything the eu does better than my government , apart from obviously being a trade zone , some research and negotiating , and that is if it benefits us . 
   of a car with no driver behind the wheel , or wanting to eat your cake and have it too . 
  true and it will not change . 
  i do n't know exactly what it is like in other countries , but one reason the sweden democrats ( sverigedemokraterna , sd ) is probably going to do well in both the eu and our national election is that all other parties , really say the same thing . 
  correction , maybe not the left , and i expect the left and the sd to take seats in the eu elections . 
  it is very annoying , at least to me , when it is hard to tell the different between the two biggest parties , the moderaterna ( which is center ) and the social democrats . 
  and , there comes sd and actually is at least distinguishable from the other . 
  basically i wish our big parties and their allies would stop hugging the spot in the middle , and actually take a position on something that is not in the center . 
  then our `` insurgent '' parties will not be as successfull . 
  i guess if you go to sweden , stockholm is a good place to go . 
  you can go to old uppsala , bj\u00f6rk\u00f6 , see the stuff in stockholm like the vasa ship etc. 
  i understand what you mean , but i doubt it would work , for several reasons . 
  the big reason that the euro is n't working is that they have only monetary integration , and no political or financial and to diverse economies . 
  think of the usd , how much is the federal tax - 25 % ? 
  or the former d-mark . 
  to get proper integration one essentially have to pool the debt , do massive transfers north to south and essentially give up a lot of the national state .
