  pro- tip , the north will vote no . 
  if you want to see chaos , try to undemocratically force other people 's tax payer to pay for you . 
  also , it is better to take one immediate loss , albeit a big one , than to endlessly have countries that you have to support . 
  why would anyone take on that ? 
  it is already done through the eu , not that it makes any differences . 
  i 'd never take on supporting greece for the next 40 years , it is economic stupidity . 
  also - why ? 
  if i truly want to support someone suffering , i 'd rather go for kongo . 
   you always resort to personal attacks in the end . 
  `` crazy naurgul , all he does is insult the holy institutions of the eu and paint greece as a victim '' . 
  but you do paint greece as a victim . 
  if you stop doing that , i will stop accusing you of it . 
  also , you know i do n't like the institutions of the eu , but the eu countries , like estonia and finland for example , took * their * tax payers money , to pay off * your * debt . 
  and , what you do in return , is compare it to the * versaille treaty * , that is rather rich and it * is * extremely insulting , to the tax payers of the eu , and to the millions of people who have suffered from the versaille treaty , in ways that is almost beyond imagination . 
   all i care about is the human suffering . 
  so , why are your suffering so special ? 
  estonia make less money than you - yet they bail you out . 
  heard about bulgaria ? 
  romania ? 
  poor , poor countries , poorer than you btw . 
  are you suffering more ? 
  you are the biggest cost of the imf - and frankly , i think they should use the money for countries who are suffering * way , way * more than greece , like kongo , or malawi for example . 
  if one truly cared about human suffering , i mean . 
  for the record , i do not think greece is in a happy place , but if that is * all * you care about , then greece is the wrong country actually - my bet is kongo , brutal forgotten civil war . 
  horrible . 
   greece asked for an agreement that would involve repaying a smaller part of its debt and merkel said no . 
  oh , so you wanted to default and stay in the euro ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  you just wanted to pay off less money ( but you are not special , no no , but you are the only country whos debt should be forgiven , but not special ... ) - that is not a proper default , and you are certainly not fixing anything by staying in the euro . 
  if you default , you get out of the euro . 
  i want links to that the eu has stopped you from that . 
  if that is so , it is wrong , i think greece should be allowed to leave the euro and default . 
   the answer is twofold : because a currency union does not work without a fiscal/political union . 
  yes , but it has to be voted about . 
  it has n't . 
  you are trying to force it , to save greece 's hide . 
  that is undemocratic , and when you are not getting your will , you blame other countries . 
  you knew the rule when you signed up for it . 
  you ca n't complain when someone plays by them . 
  i hate the euro too , but complaining when people want to follow the rules is completely wrong . 
  do n't like it - either you try to change it demcratically , which will take years , or leave . 
  do n't blame other countries tax payers when they do n't want to support you . 
  yet you do , you think they should . 
   so yes , the weaker countries should be subsidised by the stronger ones . 
  says who ? 
  so greece is deciding that ? 
  the countries have no say ? 
  incidentally , i agree , * if * you want that sort of union . 
  however , democratically the countries have said no . 
  the fact that you complain about it will not help . 
  you knew the rules , but all of a sudden you want the finns to pay for you . 
  what right have you to break a treaty , or to complain when other countries do n't want to ? 
  if you do n't like it - leave . 
  and - you * are * saying that greece 's debt should be forgiven/paid off . 
  so yes , unless you say that should happen to every eu country , you are saying you are special . 
  why not put the effort in poorer countries , like bulgaria then ? 
  why should the eu pay off your debts , and not belgiums , and bulgaria ? 
  since you are saying that we should , you are saying that you are special . 
  i want to know why . 
  should every single country in the eu get a haircut , or just you ? 
  if just you - why ? 
  if all the countries - how ? 
   unilateral default is the nuclear option ( a consensual default is out of the question as it has not been accepted by the other countries ) . 
  i personally think that it might be for the best but you can hardly blame anyone in greece for not taking the most risky move of them all . 
  that is what i think you should do , and that is what i mean by default . 
  not staying in the euro and getting your debts forgiven that is not a default . 
  also , i happen to dislike the euro so i think this is the only solution for greece . 
  and while i do n't really blame greece for being apprehensive about default , i do blame greece for blaming merkel , for blaming the other countries who has n't paid off more off greece 's debt , and for frankly , taking very little responsibility . 
  illustrated by you who thinks countries should go against the maastricht treaty , because it would work for greece . 
  i think that is wrong . 
   explain to me the mechanism by which corruption leads to worsening a country 's economic performance as a whole . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.icgg.org/literature/kyklos.pdf ) [ link 2 ] ( http://projects.iq.harvard.edu/files/gov2126/files/sdarticle-3.pdf ) [ link 3 ] ( http://www.corruptionwatch.org.za/content/economic-implications ) reall , you do n't have to read them , you just need to google stuff like economic growth/impact/corruption, 
  39 years is a lot more than 3 year of the weimar republic . 
  not to mention all the other things that germany had against them , like versaille treaty , hyper inflation , loss of land . 
  and frankly , 39 years is far more than any eastern european country has had , and can be compared to germany or japan in 1984 - democracy that were working fine . 
  i see no reason why greece can blame their messed up economy on being such a `` young '' democracy . 
   you are just skimming over my posts and insulting me . 
  you are insulting the eu and history with your claims . 
  they are blatantly ignorant , and by the comparison , as i have said before , you are just making out greece to be a victim that you are not . 
  greece have made their choices , all the way , but i am not surprised you do not want to see that . 
   i already explained why the conditions for the loans are punitive . 
  oh , and the loans you would have gotten on the free market would have been better ? 
  no , they are not punitive , that indicates the eu is out to punish you . 
  fun fact - you are costing the eu and the eu 's tax payer a lot of money , a hell of a lot to be true . 
  if the eu truly wanted to punish you , you would not have received the bailouts . 
   you are just revising history oh , for god 's sake , said from the person who compares a bailout and a haircut to the versaille treaty . 
   if greece was allowed to default , we would n't be having this conversation today now . 
  of course you are . 
  links for your claim . 
   `` help and solidarity '' greece is receiving from its creditors , one ca n't help but wonder if this help is as helpful as you would like to believe why should you receive help ? 
  and , how much should you receive . 
  you are so bitter that everyone else is not paying off or forgiving your loans . 
  why should greece , as only european state have their loans forgiven . 
  what makes you so special ? 
  why should estonian tax payers pay for you , when you borrowed far more money than you should ? 
  you put yourself in this position - yet you are blaming the eu . 
  if you do not want to be in this position - why borrow . 
  and then , if you do not like it - default . 
   that 's because you understand neither anarchism nor greece but you pretend that your simplistic `` dur , dur anarchism means chaos '' and `` greece is corrupt fucktards '' claims have some sort of value . 
  i 'm sorry to say this , but you should try to study both issues more .
