  and , if everyone * knows * that it is wrong , why have n't the eu stopped ? 
  the eu is not interested in doing things right , and if it takes + 60 years to get people to stop sponsoring something as obviously bad as tobacco , how long is everything else going to take ? 
  the conclusion is that the eu is obviously not interested in improving , at all , and sweden is to small player to affect it . 
  i want out , because all i see is that i am setting up my future grandchildren to transfer huge amounts of money to greece 's future grandchildren . 
  i mean , for example greece spain and portugal has been in the eu since 1981 and 1986 - when are they going to contribute ? 
  for how many decades more am i going to pay for them , for policies that obviously is n't working , for things that are bad ? 
  obviously they vote for it - they want my money and do n't want change , and they outnumber us . 
  had they wanted change , they would have voted for it . 
  no , the eu is not changing , it is getting worse , and the best thing one can do is to get out . 
  i mean , i see what they have done with the cap - we are being discriminated and fucked over . 
  now they want to lay their grubby hands on energy and other things too . 
  i can see how i have to sponsor coal in poland while our prices rise . 
  no , no , no - i want out . 
   sweden is slowly having an effect , and influencing how the money is spent . 
  no we are not . 
  and , if one * knows * what is right , why not do it ? 
  the eu just do n't want to do what is right , they do n't give a shit . 
  if they did - why are we still being discriminated ? 
  and , why should it take decades if things are obviously wrong ? 
  there is not natural law that says so ? 
  eu could change immediately , if they choose to . 
  they just do n't want to . 
   so do n't blame the eu for this , blame the member states - they are th eones in the driver 's seat when it comes to eu policies . 
  the member states make up the eu . 
  and , if eu wanted to be successful and have a good cap , they could have . 
  however , they refuse to implement it . 
  for sweden , we have a less successful agricultural policy than we had before the eu , we are being discriminated against in the cap , and to top it off we are sponsoring stuff like greek tobacco and french wine . 
  how is that beneficial to sweden ? 
  because they have made the things they have taken over , like the cap , worse in my country . 
  we also have to spend money on a lot of things that we do not want to spend money on . 
  the greens are so and so , not really sure about that . 
  the two parties openly against the eu is the left ( v\u00e4nsterpartiet ) and the sweden democrats ( sd/sverigedemokraterna ) . 
  i agree . 
  we are bent over , asking to be spanked some more . 
  that has never happened really . 
  just think of the boycotts of 1980 or 1984 for example . 
  the problem i guess that there is no `` perfect '' country one can look at , and say `` lets aim for that '' . 
  perhaps sweden have less trafficked prostitutes , but germany 's prostitutes probably have far better working conditions etc. 
  crosspost it to r/pics . 
  i also think two dutch seamen fell overboard in the north sea on swedish water . 
  they have not been found . 
  yes . 
  sweden only have royal dukes though , unlike the uk ( apart from the duke of d'ontrante though , but i do n't think they are introduced to the swedish house of nobility as a duke , but they sometimes get to use the title somehow anyway ) . 
  i guess it is like the uk . 
  some only have the name left , some have castles , land , money etc. 
  if there is a special family you are after , `` the house of nobles '' / riddarhuset in stockholm keep records of all the noble families and also publish a book where they list all the members regularely . 
  duden is a dictionary . 
  i think it is the most famous and `` accurate one '' . 
  do n't really know what he means by that though . 
  it is the euro countries , all of them , not europe . 
   the usa 's influence on the world has not just messed up life for everybody else . 
  its had its atrocities ; but us military supremacy has actually been an important stabilizing force . 
  additionally , the us has a political system through which most of the perpetrators of atrocities can be held accountable what ? 
  like when the moved to remove democratic elected governments in chilie , iran ? 
  is that * stabilizing * to you ? 
  is the iraq war * stabilizing * to you ? 
  or supporting the talibans ? 
  uncritical support of the israelis and not forcing them to accept a two state solution ? 
  how in god 's name can you accept that and call that * stabilizing * ?? 
   additionally , the us has a political system through which most of the perpetrators of atrocities can be held accountable . 
  yeah , right , everyne who sprayed agent orange on vietnam , * laos * and * cambodja * has been held accountable ? 
  or just the fact that they droppped , and * keeps dropping * bombs over countries not in war with them ? 
  the us has tortured since forever , hardly anyone , goes ever to jail . 
  bush jr has committed war crimes , as have every president ( save carter perhaps ) since johnson , no one is ever held accountable . 
  i ca n't even begin to understand how you can say that people are held accountable , it is such a lie . 
   the next war is only going to happen if there is another terrible 9/11 type attack . 
  god willing that does n't happen . 
  because iraq was responsible for 9/11 ? 
  iraq had nothing to do with 9/11 !!!!, 
  please , tell me in god 's name what they had to do with it ? 
  most of them terrorists were saudis for god 's sake , and saddam hussein was a secular dictator who hated them . 
  so , the us invaded iraq because they felt like it , they were in a war mood . 
  there is absolutely no reason they could n't do that again , after all , it has happened before ( vietnam for example ) . 
  and , then they re-elected that president ... . so , sometimes the americans feel like war , then they go to war . 
  nothing to do with terrorists . 
  that can and will happen again . 
  and , the us need to get over the fact that they had a terror attack on their soil and use it as an excuse for every fucking invasion war , spending etc. 
  so , you had a terror attack . 
  who does n't really . 
  you do n't see the uk and spain invading countries do you ? 
  norway had a proportionally much bigger attack , their response is an open society with discussion ... what makes the us so special . 
  everyone gets attacks sooner or later . 
   the us military industrial complex does not need the us defense market to sustain itself . 
  iirc brazilians , colombians , mexicans , poles , indonesians , filipinos , and others are quickly becoming or are about to become big defense spenders who clamor for older american military technology yes it does . 
  apart from the fact that you are ignoring the subsidies , the us * is * the biggest market . 
  look at the defence budget - it is as big * as the next 30 countries together * . 
  and you are saying it would n't hur the industry to half it for example ? 
  that is a lie , it would hurt them enormously . 
   do n't want to defend it too much , but it has generated a lot of economic prosperity for the working class as well as generated a ton of revolutionary technologies . 
  the working class would be far better served with decent minumum wages , universal health care , better schools and no cutting back in welfare . 
   and most importantly , the us should only cut its defense budget if europe is willing to increase its defense spending . 
  honestly , i do n't care if its america , germany , france , or the uk but i want a western style democracy to be the worlds dominant military power . 
  the alternative is a lot scarier . 
  no , the us can can cut its budget a lot without any effect . 
  why not go back to the 90 's number ? 
  is china going to invade then ? 
  the us defence budget increased so much in the 2000 's , why does it has to be as big ( which you even said it did n't , so i think you agree with me ) . 
   because i 've been studying at the university of minnesota for the past 5 years and am currently working on getting us dual citizenship well , if that is what you want good for you i suppose but i do n't understand why one would pay for uni if one does n't have to really . 
  well , no and yes . 
  if the costs go down , it is good , of course .
