  people do n't have to fix anything if we pay for it . 
  c ) scientifically it is not effective . 
  the eu should be run by science . 
   structural funds are for undeveloped regions inside countries . 
  and there should be a time limit on that , short window when one can apply plus a bloody good reason why one have n't developed . 
  why have n't italy ? 
  why have n't spain ? 
  you have had * a lot * of time , a lot , so it is a choice . 
  not the fault of the rest of the eu if italy have refused to develop . 
  their choice , their money . 
  and - again . 
  the cohesion funds are not working . 
  if they were , greece who has been receiving since 1981 , should be contributing , just like spain and portugal . 
  none of those countries are , and it hardly look like at least greece and portugal will do it in 2020 , so there 's is another 7 years . 
  we have some countries that have become permanent recipients . 
  i only think one should be allowed to be on the reciving end for max 25 years . 
  why should the rest of the eu pay for greece for decades while they refuse to fix themselves , like southern italy ? 
  it is their fault , not mine , but i have to pay for it . 
  and , we should have an eu run by science , and facts . 
  do n't you agree to that ? 
  if the cohesion funds worked - greece , spain and portugal should be in the black . 
  they are not . 
  thus , they have to be abandonded . 
  perhaps one could use the money in research , or environmental issues . 
  the facts speak for themselves . 
   that 's the joke . 
  spain would qualify for cohesion funds without catalonia . 
  another reason why the cohesion funds do not work and should be dismantled . 
  but , do you honestly think catalonia will get independence ? 
   other countries have more territorial cohesion like sweden , france or western germany had ( ok , still has but there is also the east ) . 
  but that is also , partly a political choice sweden , norway , finland , france , the netherlands and germany has made . 
  germany has huge transfers between the regions for example . 
   and the basque country is way better than anybody else including catalonia or madrid . 
  i had no idea , i thought catalonia was the financial crown jewel , not basque . 
  interesting . 
  thanks . 
  you are still on the reciving end , you are not contributing to the eu , you are receiver and will be for the next 7 years . 
  for 33 years you will take money from the eu , not give . 
  that is too long - why have n't spain become net contributors ? 
  if the cohesion funds worked -- why are we still giving you money ? 
  why arent ' t you giving the rest of europe money ? 
  i 'll give you that on the cohesion funds though . 
  and catalonian independence - wo n't that mean that spain gets less money from catalonia ? 
  that increases the risk of spain continuing being a net recipient instead of someone who pays towards the eu , does n't it ? 
  well , i used to read him , but it was mostly drivel . 
  it was n't even fun in the idiotic amusing way , just - boring i suppose . 
  a sin worse than death :-) . 
   the fact that cohesion funds did not work for countries a , b and c does not mean they will not work for countries d and e. no , not necessarily but the overwhelming evidence is that it does n't work . 
   i have a feeling they did work for countries like estonia , poland or the czech republic . 
  i might be mistaken , though , but it has been 9 years since they all joined , there have to be hard numbers available . 
  a feeling is less trustworthy , however noble and positive , than the overwhelming facts that we have from southern europe . 
  the eu should act upon evidence and facts - do n't you agree ? 
  that means that the cohesion funds must stop . 
  otherwise , we are acting against facts ( a lot of countries have had success without cohesion funds , polands success might very well be due to the effectiveness of the poles for example ) . 
  i guess that is not how you want the eu to spend our money . 
   are you against richer countries helping poorer ones in development in general , or just against the way it is currently being done ? 
  no , but i think it is extremely rarely done correctly . 
  look at aid in africa - some countries are worse off than 50 years ago ... 
  in fact , a lot of economists have asked for a stop to aid , because it is counter productive . 
  i think the same thing is going on in southern europe . 
  so , if we are to help poor countries , it should be effective . 
  not against it in principle . 
  but , if you ask , i do not ask to get the money back from the eu . 
  for example , if they take the cohesion fund money and turn it into eu research fund money , i 'll be happy . 
   eu is lead by politicians and lawyers - the kind of people who would not recognize scientific method if it were to hit them in a face . 
  yes , i always wish for more scientist to be involved . 
  it is sad that there are so few of them . 
  merkel is one of the exceptions , not that i can se her applying scientific method do her deciscions . 
   eh , for each of these can be argued that they are uncomparable to any european country . 
  china made progress by changing the economic system , south korea had a huge influx of american money . 
  chile is a complete success story , that is true . 
  perhaps , but poland/estonia/latvia * are * comparable to southern europe , and the evidence prove that the cohesion funds do not work if they did - why are greece , spain and portugal still on the receiving end , and will be for another 7 years , * at least * ? 
  there is simply no evidence that the cohesion funds work , but plenty of evidence that they do not . 
  the eu should have a scientific approach to things , when possible . 
  the evidence point to that they do not work , thus they should be completely remodelled , or abandond . 
  perhaps one could invest the money in research or something . 
   with this , though , i completely agree . 
  receiving cohesion funds should be limited to 10 or 20 years unfortuntaly , the eu do not care . 
  they are totally fine with having countries as permant recipients . 
  well , do you have some evidence that the growth has to do with the cohesion funds ? 
  i have access to academic journals if that makes a difference . 
  i can mention a lot of countries that have had tremendous positive development without any cohesion funds in the last 30 years ( china , india , south korea , brazil , chile etc ) . 
  i think the poles would have succeeded without the cohesion funds , some might say despite them . 
  in short . 
  the cohesion funds do not work . 
  the eu waste our money and should abandon them . 
  the eu should also in the long run stop handing over money to countries that have become permanent recipients . 
  no , it is the swedish fish that is . 
  it is a bit sweet to me :-) . 
  i actually prefer gl\u00fchwein . 
  i did n't know what he wrote ( has him on ignore ) but he thinks swedes should be discriminated too . 
  i think that is a tad racist and discrimination ( which is why i have him on ignore ) but apparently we deserve and should be discriminated ... 
  i like lucia . 
  this year i went to watch my niece . 
  one also eat saffron buns and gingerbread cookies . 
   cohesion funds have shown significant results in net recipient countries greece have been on the receiving end for 32 years , spain and portugal for 27 . 
  if they work , why are they still receiving money and will be for * at least * 7 more years ? 
  we have some states that have become permanent recivers of money . 
  if the eu - investments worked , they would n't be . 
  why have a free press , but it is a bad press .
