  i think it is extremely important that the eu honours its rules and regulations , and getting involved in the internal affairs of a sovereign state is breaking the eu rules in so many ways it is not even funny . 
  nor is it what anyone has voted for , in the maastricht treaty . 
  it was n't - '' hey , lets have the treaty and we will follow it ( which they have n't , but a whole different discussion ) but now spain is going bust , so now we are going to say that spain is not a sovereign state anymore , and the spanish people do not know what to do and are asking other people to fix them , which , will as we know , all involve money , loads of them . 
  please finland , give them 5 % of your gdp '' . 
  again - you do not seem to realise . 
  you are a sovereign state . 
  it is not in the eu statue that we should come in a fix you . 
  buit , for the record , i think the euro is the most imperfect of currencies and that you should leave it , together with greece and portugal . 
  what spain is suffering from ( a huge part of the problem at least ) is the internal devaluation that comes with the territory . 
  it will take decades to bounce back from that . 
  look at ddr , they got every conceivable help and are still not on western german levels , 23 years after the fact . 
  spain gets no help - will it take 40 years then ? 
  so , leave the euro , that is my advice . 
   if anything , you are trying to make it look as if i am trying to drag sweden in a war with belarus or something ok , then i misunderstood . 
  you seemed to think that sweden should be upset over the fact that a non citizen had problem with cyprus and/or belarus . 
  i am not to be honest . 
  i do not wish her anything bad , but i do not think any country should engage like you seem to want over non citizens . 
  do you , and if so , why when etc ? 
  ( you refused to answer that question several times ) . 
   tl ; dr if you think catholics are bad , you should see the things the orthodox do . 
  that is sad . 
  i guess , they are even lesss progressive when it comes to gay people , abortion etc , if they ca n't even allow women . 
  total , how much the average person pay in taxes . 
  income tax + vat etc for example , swedes ( as in the average swede ) just got under paying 50 % of their earnings in taxes in 2007 or so ( i am not sure about the year ) . 
   swedish travel documents it is a travel document , that is it . 
  we do not , nor does anyone else , fight over travel documents . 
  do you think countries should start fights about non citizens ? 
  why then ? 
  how much energy do you think it will take , and what is then a person of interest for that state ? 
  someone who lives there now , someone who has a girlfriend there , someone who once lived there ? 
  where should the interest stop ? 
  and , i guess cyprus is doing that because all of the russian money and russians in cyprus , and the russians pet dog , belarus . 
  you should stop , i agree with you , but that is your problem , not sweden 's . 
  do not try to make the fact that cyprus is russias whipping boy sweden 's problem , which seems to me what you are trying to do . 
  u/fateswarm also like to delete half his comments , after writing something like `` butthurt '' , or something inflaming , preferably about germans , nazis or something . 
  he hates the us too . 
  well , then . 
  i guess you can choose not to believe the swedes and the danes ( number two and number one ) who claims that they live in the highest taxes countries in the world , and belive it is another country instead , but really , what country would that be . 
  so , she is not a swedish citizen . 
  sweden do not care , just like any other country in the world of what happen to non swedes , or people who might , or might not live in sweden . 
  does cyprus keep track of what happens to every non cypriotic person ? 
  even if they get in trouble ? 
  do yo think germany keep track of what happens to every person in germany when they go on holiday ? 
  do you think they should ? 
  i mean , from the womans standpoint it is obviously tragic , but i do not think my country , or any other country btw , should start fighting with countries over non citizens . 
  if we should argue with countries , it should at least be over citizens . 
  do you think cyprus should start arguing over non citizens . 
  besides , belarus , already hates us since that teddy bear stunt and stuff our foreign minister said . 
  i am on my phone , how lazy are you . 
  also , it was an enormously big thing when we got down from the highest spot a few years back . 
  we also had a man killed by a bear a few years back . 
  however , that was a bear that was most likely woken by the mans hunting dog ( the man was a hunter ) , and was hungry , confused and went for the dog who ran back to its owner . 
  the man then shot and injured the bear , and bear killed him . 
  i understand the bear  also , if a bear gets aggressive ( because of the tourists who get near him to take photos ) , you do n't start throwing rocks at him . 
  that will annoy him even more . 
  ( this also happened ) . 
  some people really deserve what they get . 
  i know , it annoys the shit out of me . 
  we ca n't even have a responsible wolf politic , because of a ) the blood thirsty idiots , b ) the illegal hunting . 
  i mean , she is not a swedish citizen , so i do not really see how/why the swedish authorities should get involved . 
  tell cyprus not to honour their agreement and not send belarussians to belarus , since we want all of its citizens ? 
  if she is an asylum seeker she does not have permanent recidens and i do not understand why she can not travel on her belarussians papers , unless she ditched them , like most asylum seekers . 
  otherwise she is not an adylum seekers . 
  i really do not get the terminolog . 
  either way , what was she doing in cyprus ? 
  no , have n't seen anything in the swedish media , ca n't say that i have looked though . 
  she probably does n't hold a swedish passport , that would make her a swedish citizen . 
  she probably hold a `` fr\u00e4mlingspass '' , a travel dokument that asylum seekers can use if they need to travel . 
  everywhere . 
  just google highest taxes in the world and look at the lists . 
   we can migrate freely to sweden . 
  are you ready for massive immigration ? 
  not without jobs you can not . 
  besides , it is the educated that emigrates . 
   like the authoritarian government in usa so , who do you think is responsible for that ? 
  and who do you think should fix it ? 
  how much of it do you feel responsible for , and how much of your gdp , and your tax money are you willing to send to the us , * hoping * at some point they will do something about it . 
  because that is what you want us to do . 
  fix your country , that you ca n't fix . 
  pay off your debt , etc. 
  you do not seem to realise , at all , that you are the only ones who can fix your country , and frankly - we have been sending money south since forever . 
  it has not made a single difference . 
  yet , you all , all of you , want more . 
  sounds like the worst plan ever . 
  above all , what irritates me is that you want to shift the responsibility to us , to me . 
  yes , in the sense that i am responsible for the world , as you are responsible for syria , russia , and the us , but do n't try to crawl away from your responsibility . 
  again - the only one that can fix spain is spanish people . 
  you are responsible - you . 
  do n't you dare try to lay any shit on me . 
  yes , i know . 
  and less and less countries are net contributors , now there are nine countries giving , and 19 reciving . 
  brilliant . 
  really . 
  thank you for informing me , shows my ignorance , i thought romania was catholic . 
  unfortunately , i guess my points still stands ? 
  the orthodox church are n't big fans of lesbian priests , i assume . 
  i 'd go to nl , germany and brussels before us , if one stay up north . 
  i am not a fan if the catholic church really , but i am sure they do a lot for the poor . 
  i am also sure that a lot of individual priest , nuns and parishes do a wonderful job . 
  however , there are many problems with this .
