  does n't the government do that too , together with illegal surveillance and lying about chemical weapons in iraq for example ? 
  have they been prosecuted ? 
   the feds did n't walk in and destroy the hard drives . 
  they oversaw it . 
  that is just a difference of wording really . 
  still - the fact that in the uk it is apparently legal and ok to walk in and destroy newspaper 's hard drive means that you do not have freedom of the press . 
  and i have n't even started on your libel laws . 
  i do not know . 
  i have a hard time seeing iceland or norway doing that for example , sweden , the netherlands , switzerland - walking in to a newspaper and destroying the hard drives - i know that would be * extremely * against the law in my country sweden , and i can not imagine that the statsminister that ordered that would stay . 
  we have freedom of the press written in to the constitution , so doing what cameron did , would be to go against the constitution . 
  lawyers would have a field day , and be so , so rich and happy . 
  my question is - why do n't you prosecute cameron and fight for the freedom of the press . 
  it seems to get more and more restrained by the day by the looks of it . 
  people have received asylum based on the fact that they are lbgtq persons in sweden , and i belive in norway , the netherlands , us and uk too ( probably more countries , but i just have n't read about it ) . 
  wow , the uk , i was arguing a week ago that you had restraints on the press not heard of in mainland europe - but i never imagined this ? 
  honestly , why are you becoming a police state . 
  what drives the uk to behave and accept this ? 
  i honestly do n't get it , how this can be legal , executed and , on the whole , accepted it seems . 
  are the laws going to be changed or is this going to continue ? 
  is cameron going to be prosecuted ? 
  i mean , that is the road the uk have to take in my mind to actually get a free press . 
  and a ) they are idiots b ) i am sure they would accept a school that is run in their fashion . 
  romas do not like schools - period . 
  if the children goes to school , they lose them . 
  education has no value . 
  however - to think and act like that is their choice , not due to discrimination . 
  they choose it . 
  then you are setting yourself and your children up for a life of crime/not being able to read/not getting work etc. 
  they do it on purpose however , one should not blame discrimination for that . 
  but romas permanently living in sweden , who has a decent apartment , good schools , free welfare etc , are * still * on top of every bad statistic one can thinkof . 
  if all there is is poverty - then they should not behave like that . 
  still , they do . 
  they honestly fight * against * sending their children to good schools . 
  who does that ? 
  the european stability mechanism was not created for that ( and sweden has a free floating currency btw , in no way tied to the euro ) . 
  furthermore , the maastricht treaty explicitly says that each country is responsible for their own economy and should not be bailed out . 
  so , no no one has any obligation . 
  in fact what you is suggesting goes against the treaty . 
  why should cyprus not take responsibility for your own economy ? 
  you created this and then you want other countries , poorer countries even to fix your economy . 
  and no , poorer countries have not received help - bulgaria and estonia for example are poorer . 
  what makes you so unique ? 
  it is an argument that you blamed the eu for not making the perfect bailout when a ) the eu in no way are obliged to do so , we are in fact obliged not to bail you out according to the maastricht treaty . 
  b ) furthermore , , you seem to ignore that cyprus , and all other eu states are just that - independent states . 
  c ) you take no responsibility . 
  cyprus created this - i think you should fix it . 
  estonia handled their crises on their own and got stronger for it . 
  so did sweden and finland . 
  however the fact that cyprus has problem you blame on the eu . 
  i think that is wrong . 
  the only one that can fix cyprus are the cypriots . 
  but then you have to accept it , and stop whining about that the eu did n't do the perfect bailout ( as if such a thing exists ) . 
  i 'll answer that ( yes , every single bail out has been badly handled , but it is also hard to see how it could have been done better in most cases , given the circumstances ) . 
  now it is your turn , if you have the courage - should cyprus have been bailed out ? 
  yes/no ? 
  if yes - who should and and why ? 
  for how long ? 
  why cyprus and not other counties or should all countries receive a lot of help ? 
  furthermore - have the other bailouts been successful in your mind ? 
  if no - does that mean that we should blame the eu ? 
  how does a successful bailout looks like ? 
  who pays ? 
  also - why blame the eu - it is the eurozone that bail out ? 
  do you mean that you should be bailed out by bulgaria and denmark ? 
  why the eu ? 
  what treaty do you base that on ? 
  i answered , now it is your turn . 
  i know , it was shitty . 
  thanks , i am going back tonight . 
  here brother is going to come over ... 
   i said nothing on whether the eu should or should n't help . 
  well , should or should n't they ? 
   hich was directed at how badly that `` help '' was handled so , how should cyprus 's banks been bailed out by other countries . 
   the eu surrendered the eu has no responsibility whatsoever for neither cyprus economy or cyprus 's banks . 
  how can you say that they surrendered ? 
   eurozone partner 's economy straight into a rival 's hands . 
  it is possible that it would have been far more expensive , not to say agains the treaties to save it . 
  the eu has no responsibility for that , nor does the eurozone if you read the treaties . 
  also , if you say yes to bailing out cyprus , with how much money ? 
  for how long ? 
  why cyprus above bulgaria for example , ( you are richer ) , which countries should do the bail out , and what is cyprus responsibility in all of this ? 
  should , or should n't we follow treaties ? 
  so , we should care if cyprus get corrupt and save them , and their banks ? 
  who , and with how much money . 
  based on which treaty , and how are you technically going to go about it ? 
  ask each eu country to send 0,5 % of their budget to cyprus for the next five years while the eu goes in with - what ? 
  based on what treaty and what powers are you going to do this ? 
  are you saying that an independent eu country is not independent anymore , and we should not follow treaties etc , just take over the economy ? 
  is n't that the end of all independence ? 
  furhtermore - why cyprus ? 
  what makes them unique and specail bulgaria is more corrupt , and a far bigger country . 
  should we take them on as well ? 
  how much money should we send them ? 
  should we throw out their governement ? 
  with force ? 
  how are we going to go about eradicating corruption ? 
  yes , the first one said `` good job eu '' , indicating it was the eu 's responsibility/fault whatever . 
  i do not see how you can blame the eu , or the countries in it , for example denmark , for the state of cyprus 's banks . 
  perhaps you can explain how the eu is in any way responsible for cyprus 's banks . 
   they should n't be .
