  france thought it was simultaneously ending dollar supremacy and tying germany to the eu forever . 
  in negotiations it was pretty blatant that those opposed put in restrictions that made the euro unworkable . 
  france , probably thinking this crisis would create the euro they wanted , accepted this compromise . 
  exactly . 
  france is one of the chief architects behind this , yet they somehow escape blame . 
  * everyone * knew the euro was/is badly constructed , yet they just ignored it . 
  they purposely left it like that , kicking the can down the road . 
  was n't one of france 's demand for the german reunification a common currency ? 
  i have no idea why they do it . 
  it is like they collectively have decided to ignore the real reasons , and blame germany instead . 
  it is like a bad marriage that should have ended years ago , and instead of ending it , they just endlessly complain about the other partner and make everyone else just want to scream `` get a bloody divorce '' . 
  it is the most dysfunctional family ever . 
  if i was a german , i 'd like to know if my uncle betrayed my mother or the other way around . 
  i 'd like to know if my friend was my friend or a spy . 
  i 'd like to know the truth . 
  what is wrong with the truth ? 
  aha , now everything is clearer . 
  thanks . 
  no , sweden have extremely high taxes . 
  yes , but that is incorrect and wrong and people * choose * to do.not because it is correct , but it is nicer for them so they do n't have to learn about currency unions and the history of the euro and absolve a lot of the blame for the current state of the euro . 
  instead they can just scream `` germany is stupid '' . 
  in short , people are idiots . 
  they want to spread out the asylum seekers all over the country i belive . 
   it does have a huge surplus . 
  so , how is that wrong ? 
   it is forcing austerity and a surplus on other countries . 
  what is the alternative , in detail please . 
  if greece have a primary deficit , which you had , how are you going to pay your bills . 
  according to the rules , you were not supposed to be bailed out at all actually . 
  but you want money , without any conditions ? 
  or are you going to set the conditions ? 
  why not turn to the free market then ? 
  you do n't have to be bailed out you know ? 
   all of the above are true and it is also true that these things are contributing to making life worse in the `` periphery '' countries . 
  no , it is the construction of the euro that is causing this . 
  anyone who read up a bit on currency unions knows that , and since you are always here discussing it , you should have read some by know . 
  and , it is something economists know , and * knew * btw . 
  do n't blame the germans for the construction of the euro . 
  it is shitty and i hate it , but how on earth can you blame just them for it . 
  at least , if you had any knowledge about the history , start with the french , , they are jsut as involved . 
  and , a ) why did you join a currency that is constructed in the way that it will harm you ) ( and you knew this ) b ) why do you choose to stay ? 
  yes , but the public seem to like it too . 
  i hear and read defenses and odes to the euro every day here . 
  it is not like that over at / r/economics ... 
  i mean , it is not just high politicians , none of them are here . 
  people want the euro , and then people like me who point out the drawbacks and that it will be like this for a long , long time , is evil . 
  well , to each their own i suppose . 
  i am very glad we are not in it . 
  that looks weird to me . 
  usually we are in top of these things . 
  i really do n't get it , it is not like it is a big secret , any economist can tell you about the internal devaluation etc. 
  what does the media get from not writing about it ? 
  but i do agree with you . 
  every time i comment against the euro , even in the most reasonable tone i get tons of downvotes here as well . 
  it is like if they downvote me , the probles of the euro are no more . 
  i do n't know what they say in english , but we call it `` sticking your head in the sand '' . 
  or , one could blame the euro and the construction of it . 
  but since that actually is most of the reason why southern europe has so much problem currently i guess that makes to much sense . 
  blaming the euro would also mean that one had to answer those difficult questions that one do n't want to answer , like : `` if it is the euros fault , should we really stay '' ? 
   he got the same diagnose as anders behring breivik btw . 
  really ? 
  i mean , was n't breivik declared sane ? 
  why did the somali guy go to a hospital then , and not a prison ? 
  and niemcy . 
   if in the 2008/2009 financial crisis finland would have had its own currency , devaluation would have eased pressure from many companies that could have continued their operations as they are . 
  would the finnish government still have used devaluation as a tool ? 
  in my mind , if finland still had the mark , it would either be free floating as sweden 's krona , or tied to the euro , like the danish krona . 
  devaluation seems very much a thing of the 70 's ... . .  the real problem in finnish economy is that many export firms have products that markets do n't really want , they have n't been able to renew themselves as much as they should have . 
  the second thing is that in the last decade , finnish smes have n't wanted to grow and actually taxation and legislation have also made it not so lucrative to grow . 
  third issue is that there is renewal/reinnovation/refactoring of society and welfare state have been in slow motion , we have very real problem that we have shortage of workers in many fields , but are unable to re-educate/relocate people to these sectors . 
  i agree with those problems and those are problems finland will have to deal with , with or without a common currency  in case of euro or not , i would say that euro has had positive effect on finland . 
  do remember that while culturally same , finnish and swedish economies differ quite much , finnish economy has traditionally circled around handfull of major corporations and industries while sweden has had rich collection of different industries and lots of smes . 
  finland is still catching in case of this . 
  euro has made it easier as the country has become more trusted and more stable to do having an more reliable currency . 
  i do agree that our economies are different , but i differ ( perhaps not surprisingly , since i am swedish ... ) with your opinion about the euro . 
  i think it was an initial upswing of the euro , and of course that was good in the short term . 
  however , i think you were a + before , and would have kept it . 
  i mean , the euro is not making your government deal with the crises more sensible than it otherwise would have done . 
  what it has done , that forever , you are no longer in charge of your interest rates , which is one of the most essential tools . 
  no more paying attention to finnish needs and wants . 
  furthermore , the way the euro is developing , i think you have signed up for a lot more than you bargained for . 
  what when france is starting to shake , but your economy is doing ok . do you think the interest rate will reflect that ? 
  and , at some point those permanent transfers will happen . 
  maybe not now , but in 8 years , maybe you will start paying 2 % instead of 1 % and all of a suddden , you are paying off greece 's debt . 
  not to mention those eurobonds ... 
  i guess however if that is what you want - best luck to you . 
  i am however very glad that we are not in it . 
  maybe it is because english is not my first language , but that sounds like a guy who works with animation to me . 
  you know , a rather nice , nerdy guy who goes to these fan meet ups . 
  well , i guess i am wrong and should probably add animist to my english vocabulary . 
   swedes have played it well , i wonder would finland be as succesful as them without the euro . 
  probably not , since they have had a few other problems that sweden have n't , but they might very well have done better than they have . 
  i saw a study ( that i ca n't find for the life of me now ) that finland outperformed sweden in the euros first years , but not since the crises . 
  he probabably is a christian , he is from south sudan . 
  they look so happy ... wonder how they feel today . 
  in the norweigan articles he is described as dark skinned . 
  well , i guess they ca n't since they do not want to quit it . 
  it is a bit odd to me , since they are ignoring the internal devaluation and loss of competitiveness or they are thinking it came from somewhere else . 
  i wonder what they think it came from , really . 
  i am a bit surprised that stockholm is on there .
