   the battle hymn is n't really the right format for an anthem . 
  perhaps not , but one could only sing the first verse or something . 
  it is a lot better , and grandious , than star spangled banner ( and , as someone else has pointed out , the battle hymn is also written by an american , not british like the one you have now ) . 
  i know you are not going to change your anthem , but i do think of it every time i hear the us anthem , that i 'd prefer the battle hymn :-) . 
  then you would be in my top ten . 
  still not beating russia and germany , but certainly outmanouvering france . 
  haha , i see cute little girls marching and singing the song :-) . 
  it was one of winston churchill favorite songs . 
  i had to google the song now , apparently it is also used by sports fans , churces , etc and has a rather colourful history . 
  i know they will not change the anthem , but i like it a lot more than the star spangled banner - it is more impressive somehow . 
  as the other ones have said - germany and russia . 
  damn , i had to watch the funeral of the latest habsburg just to hear them sing the [ kaiserlied ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfwguvyvkcu ) . 
  and , it is hard to dislike russians winning in sports when their get something like [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmzfxn1uopw ) played for them . 
  also , i think the us should change their anthem to the [ battle hymn of the republic ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kr7hpqm0jgg ) . 
  much better than the star spangled banner, 
  i liked the article . 
  i always like articles who makes people more aware of how we are destroying the oceans , but this one was really good . 
  the junta ended in 74 . 
  estonia did n't exist as a country then . 
  the poles were fighting for their freedom in the 80 's , when you were taking tax money from other eu countries . 
  so spare me the sob stories . 
  you have n't bothered to change your economy because it did n't suit you , but you are not taking responsibility for any of it . 
  i never said you were lazy - you said that . 
  i said that you had a low productivity which is different , but you do not seem to care . 
  i am not surprised you are not taking responsibility for your country or blaming everything on someone else . 
  if there is one thing that seems to unite all greeks is that is someone else 's fault . 
  all greeks are hardworking and none corrupt and pay their taxes apparently . 
  the fact that a country ca n't fall to the depths of the corruption without large parts of the population agreeing , is again , something you refuse to acknowledge . 
  i find the messages meaningless too . 
  it is all the usually stories about how hard you had it during history and that no one is corrupt , all pay taxes , apart from very few . 
  not true of course , if one look at statistics , but never mind . 
  and it will continue in greece . 
  nothing will be fixed until you start taking responsibility . 
  i have little hope that you will though , you will just continue to blame other people , situations , history - whatever you can come up with as long as it is not the greeks . 
  odd , apparently you are one of the few countries where the population is completely innocent . 
  i think we eoropeans are all related to the neanderthals . 
  i like that !, 
  yes it is a well accepted theory that basque is the only still spoken language that was here pro the indo european . 
  ca n't link since i am on my phone but it is easy to google . 
  so you mean that you categorise languages after what people say , not listening to the experts ? 
  so , the wiki page is incorrect then ? 
  yes or no ? 
  the linguists ? 
  what are your qualifications then ? 
  then you better remove it from the wiki page and correct those people at r/linguistics . 
  well , languages with pitch accents are categorised as tonal languages . 
   the first because it is ( to me anyway ) the most melodic germanic language . 
  swedish is actually a tonal language . 
  greek economy has n't had time to recover - * bullshit * . 
  countries like south korea , brazil , estonia etc has dragged themselves out of the ashes from far , far worse situations than greece when you were busy not paying taxes . 
  when you were busy dodging taxes and receiving eu money estonia did n't exist !, 
  so stop making up excuses and feel sorry for yourself . 
  estonia is paying for you now !, 
  how on earth can you not be ashamed over that . 
  you should be . 
  you do understand that income tax is just one tax - right ? 
  what sort of property tax were you paying in the 70 's ? 
  did you have 25 % vat that you actually paid in the 80 's ? 
  there are thousands of more taxes that you did n't have or did n't pay . 
  and the reason you ca n't compete with the nordics is that you have n't bothered to become productive . 
  estonia is more productive than you , poland as well . 
  so stop giving me bullshit about how demolished you were , every sixth pole died and they most certainly did n't receive any american aid . 
  when you were getting our tax money through the eu , they were fighting russians . 
  i am so tired of greeks blaming this and that but never ever themselves . 
  it is your country . 
  you choose to build an ineffective , low productive , tax dodging country . 
  now you complain . 
  and you get money from me as well . 
  stop complaining and take responsibility !, 
  you have also started to pay taxes somewhat like we have during the last five years - that is * if * you pay them . 
  greece is notorious for its level if tax cheat and corruption . 
  saying one ca n't cheat on ones income tax now - well we have never ever been able to do that . 
  where your vat also 25 % 20 years ago and are the greeks just as good in actually paying all of their taxes as we are ? 
  what year did you start paying property tax ? 
  doubt it was before wwii ? 
  what about all the other taxes swedes , danes and finns have been paying for decades ? 
  what were the greeks doing then ? 
  you need taxes to build a country . 
  a 55 year old guy in finland with a small house who has worked for 35 years have paid far , far more in taxes over the years than a similar greek guy . 
  30 years ago - was the inheritance tax high in greece ? 
  high vat etc - no , of course not . 
  the tax raise is recently , greece has borrowed to cover the gap . 
  that us obviously a choice made by the greeks . 
  so , good that you are starting to pay taxes . 
  honestly , i hope it works out , but do n't expect me to feel sorry for anyone paying taxes . 
  the greek society has avoided it for far to long . 
  the reason sweden , denmark and finland has more disposable income than greece is also that our societies and our pr, 
  of course there never is a single moment - that moment do only exists in bad movies . 
  it is like there never is a single moment when someone decides to become an alcoholic , fat , a bad parent etc. 
  however , one is just as responsible anyway and when one looks back at the bad choices one has done at least i can see that i am ( almost ) solely responsible for everything in my life . 
  not 100 % , but blaming that idiotic boyfriend/being broke / doing a , b , c on anyone but me ( my stepfather was mean to me growing up , my dad is dead etc ) is not only useless , but wrong . 
  somewhere i knew what i was doing . 
  i think it is interesting that you say one ca n't cheat on ones income tax . 
  i believe you , but i do not believe that has been the case for the last 30 years . 
  besides , that is just one of a slew of taxes . 
  the vat ? 
  the house tax ? 
  the tax you pay for selling shares with profit ? 
  etc , etc - and imagine paying that for 30 plus years . 
  all those small choices add up , for countries and for individuals .
