  richer countries will guarantee poorer countries - again . 
  i do not believe people are to keen on yet more transfers . 
  if we are to become a permanent transfer union , we should vote about that . 
  but please , other countries are welcome to pay tax money to other countries bank if they want . 
  i would however insist on better bank rescues , if i were them . 
  no , i did n't mean he was deceitful , but first i read it as percentage of gdp , then i looked again , and then it became clear . 
  however , if you do want to emphasize how big the banking sector is ( and it is , in both luxemburg and cyprus ) , it is perhaps better to use percentages . 
  however , you ae right , minor detail . 
  the paper i read from cyprus bank however got it to 896 % , which is almost 9 %, 
  there is n't an eu mechanism in place for a country to leave the euro whereas there now is one in place to leave the eu , after the lisbon treaty . 
  ok , thanks . 
   it does n't necessarily follow that a country would have to leave the eu , only the construct to enable it in a controlled manner has n't been written yet . 
  no , i am sure it could be worked out technically somehow , if nothing else leave , and be let in the next day or something similar . 
  true , you are right there . 
  however , it is not a guess to make that a lot of them are russian . 
  also , i 'd like to know how much of the money counts are cypriotic if one puts a little office in cyprus , and starts transferring money there , without actually making any business in cyprus . 
  oddly enough , this friday there was an article in financial times about how shady the whole russian money thing still were . 
  would link to it , but they have a pay wall . 
  to leave the euro , they would technically have to leave the eu , is n't that right ? 
   somehow , germany finds nothing wrong about luxembourg 's banking sector , which is way bigger . 
  perhaps they would , if they would have to bail luxembourgh out . 
  also , if 40 % of it was russian money , they probably would n't be to keen on it either . 
  also , what you do not seem to understand that the eu and the eurozone are still sovereign states working together , * not * a united states of europe . 
  germany do not want to be some sort of `` international fix your economy police '' , nor can they actually tell cyprus what to do . 
  what would you have wanted them to do - refuse to let cyprus in because their economy is to one sided , it 's a tax haven and way to much of the money seems to come from shady deal , and that is probably an understatement . 
  yes , perhaps cyprus should n't have been let in , but neither should italy , greece and belgium . 
  a bit to late for that now , do n't you think . 
  and , at the time , what would the backlash have been towards the germans ? 
  why do you blame cyprus situation on them ? 
  it should have been in cyprus 's interest to build up a international competitive industry really . 
  it should have been in cyprus 's interest not to focus to heavy on weird russian money etc. 
  for years , they have benefitted from this banking sector , with low taxes , but they are not to pay a single dime towards saving it ? 
  those money should all come from up north ? 
  is that your opinion , no money from the cypriotic people , but all from other countries tax payers ? 
  also , perhaps you should remember in the treaties , it says that * each country is responsible for their own debt * . 
  * no country should bail another country out * . 
  perhaps germany should focus on that . 
   the problem is that a currency union is on , to put it mildly , extremely unsound foundations when attempting to cover many different economies that are so divergent in competitiveness , indebtedness , and so forth . 
  exactly . 
  the euro should be re-done , and a lot of country should leave . 
   to stabilize this system would probably take a fully fledged transfer union . 
  i agree , but that is something you can not do , without voting , among the people . 
  apart from that probably every countries constitution would need to change , my personal opinion is that a lot of countries would vote no ( i know mine would ) . 
   the worst is to waver indecisively between the two without resolving what the european union ought to be . 
  well , to begin with there is a difference between the eu and the eurozone . 
  nor do i think it can be `` resolved '' in one go - i guess every generation in a way will have to reinvent it . 
  however , i do agree that they should start speaking plainly , and honestly about what is happening . 
  `` no , austerity will not get you out of the recession in the next ten years , since it will take a long time to regain competitiveness . 
  no , the union does n't work for everybody , it is wrongly constructed etc. 
  if we want to change that , we need a transfer union etc. '', 
  perhaps people could start making long term good deciscion then , and stop the blame game . 
  are you aware of the fact that it says in the treaty , that * each country is responsible for their own debt * , * no country has to bail any other country out * etc. 
  that is the currency union people joined . 
  people did not join a transfer union where billions were supposed to be paid out on a monthly basis . 
  you might not like it , but if you want a transfer union , you have a whole new game , and a much deeper integration , much more a united states of europe . 
  even if that is what you want , do n't you think the democratic thing to do would be to vote about it ? 
  well , at least it is better for the environment ... . . 
  good , then there will be gay marriages in finland too . 
  is anyone against it ? 
  yes i know , and i thought they had a least made a start , but apparently they need to do more ... 
  yes , you are right and i am wrong . 
  wonder what i got that information from . 
  then i think the government should intervene more , seems they are not doing enough . 
  unfortunately that would affect the building of newapartments too . 
  sorry - hyresr\u00e4tter i rental apartments , bostadsr\u00e4tter is spartanens you own . 
  well , unless a year of the greek army is what op wants , then i would n't do it . 
  do the greeks have mandatory military service or mandatory taxes ? 
  mandatory anything ? 
  they are being subsidiesed by the state , at this very moment , for living in rentals . 
  are you saying that our tax money is not sponsoring rentals ? 
  they are , of course . 
  however , in stockholm , where i live , you do not see a lot of rentals being built , particularely not close/in the city . 
  no , i do not know , particularely not in the city of stockholm ( which would be relevant for the rent issue ) . 
  who do you vote for ? 
  i live in the center of stockholm , and i know people who pay the same , or less as people in rinkeby ( since they live in old houses ... ) . 
  how much should my tax money subsidies that ? 
  hell , some of the apartements at valhallav\u00e4gen ( center of stockholm ) costs less than 2000/month ... . 
  i am not saying that the problem is easy , and frankly i do not know of any country that has solved it , but i do not see why we should n't let the market take some if it . 
  it is all being payed , one way or another , but now it is with my money , tax money . 
  i am not saying it is easy , nor do i know of any government who has `` solved '' it - do you ? 
  but you have to admit that while we are subsidising borrowing , we are also subsudising hyresr\u00e4tter ? 
  hey , i have people on my street who lives in an attractive area of stockholm , basically in the center , paying much less than they should because they are being subsidiesed by tax money . 
   but it is not a solution to the lack of rentals at a low price . 
  i do n't really think there is an easy solution . 
   the easiest way to remove `` bostadsbristen '' is for the government to mandate that all apartments will cost at least one million dollars/month per square meter . 
  the demand at those prices will be zero but did we solve the problem ? 
  now you are just being ridiculous and silly and are not contributing anything at all . 
  why are you doing that ? 
  going along your lines , if we murder half of the population , it would solve the issue too . 
  does that contribute anything to the discussion ? 
  i am from stockholm , and the situation is really tough . 
  it is however , not all the politicians fault , stockholm simply grows to fast . 
   also , you do n't pay the same rent here , it costs significantly more to rent in highly attractive areas compared to the suburbs . 
  so , are you saying the rent in sweden is totally free and unregulated ? 
  i 'd like for you to provide links for that , because i have not heard about it , and i think it would be front page news . 
  it is easy , if they could take higher rent they would be more likely to build hyresr\u00e4tter , which they do not , they are building bostadsr\u00e4tter . 
  not enough , if it was so , they would build more hyresr\u00e4tter , but they do n't , they build bostadsr\u00e4tter . 
  are you saying that the rent is free ? 
  yes , but at some point it will also become to much . 
  as it is now , you do not build hyresr\u00e4tter , because even if you build them on strandv\u00e4gen , you will not be able to ask for more than from an apartment in rinkeby .
