  thanks, 
  does anyone have any info on how it would look if one included the `` illegal '' / black ( whatever the non taxed economy is called in english ) ? 
  it is my understanding that in certain regions in is a sizeable chunk of the economy . 
  actually , birds et al eats them , but they are too many , far to many during the summer . 
  and i say this as a swede used to mosquitoes . 
  the reason it is really bad is that we ( humans ) have changed the nature around dal\u00e4lven so apparently there are more than ever . 
  furthermore , some areas have a certain aggressive type , so they will sting you in sunshine during the day too , not that common for normal mosquitoes . 
  for fucks sake - varg is a murderer , he got the harshest sentence the soft country of norway has . 
  yet you claim that he is not , and i should not call him that . 
  why not - he is one ? 
  furthermore , you claim despite not knowing a fuck about norway that he , a man born in 73 , did n't get a chance in jail nor society . 
  * and - all of this with not a shred of evidence , despite me repeatedly asking why you claim the norwegians court were on the wrong , why a 40 year old man is not responsible for his disgusting writing * . 
  for the last time you fucking looser - why is varg not responsible for his writings ? 
  answer this you imbecile . 
  why have you no proofs of what you say ? 
  the fact that you just refuse to answer just proves your anti semitism . 
  if you were a normal person you would admit to the fact that a 40 year old man , who sits and spits out hatred , is completely responsible for his actions and should be called every name in the book . 
  but , you ca n't admit that about your idol varg - can you ? 
  you do n't know what to do - you can not abandon your hero , the nazi and murderer , but on the other hand , you do n't want to come out in public as the nazi scum you are . 
  ffs - i have already seen through you . 
  you are a reprehensible character who defends and makes excuses for a neo nazis . 
  seriously , did n't you guys understand how disgusting you were the last time around ? 
  of course i do , but there is no sarcasm in your defending and excusing varg , his views and his actions . 
  that is disgusting and revolting . 
  that area actually has the world record for mosquitoes , so i totally understand them doing this . 
  i mean , sweden has a lot of mosquitoes as it is , but this area is the worst . 
  one ca n't go outside . 
  but they are not banning smoking . 
  they are however actively discouraging people from smoking , and also banning it in a lot of public places . 
  as a non smoker i am so happy about the fact that more and more countries are banning smoking in restaurants and such . 
  i prefer sitting in a non smoking environment . 
  there 's full tuition fees ( not like swedes or eu citizens who pay maybe 200 sek/semester ) but more like 35 000 sek/semester . 
  go for germany , france or norway . 
  honestly , why should i read through a neo nazi defenders post ? 
  i mean , one or two can be interesting , like vargs , but in general they are repetitive , hateful , unitelligent and in fact , very boring . 
  i 've tagged you as someone who absolve neo nazis from their responsibility and who defends them without knowledge , and without question . 
  that is what i need to know about you . 
  that is who you are . 
  ( and who refuses to answer questions too , i might add ) . 
  female , and you are still avoiding every single question , and still have no clue about norway i see . 
  and , you are supporting a murderer , asking me not to call him a murderer , and absolving him of his responsibility , claiming that a man of 40 who is an active neo nazi is not responsible for his actions . 
  that actually disgust me that you absolve him of his evil writings . 
  if you do n't want to be called a neo nazi supporter , do n't support neo nazis then - do n't absolve them . 
  about the doubt - i have far more faith in two norwegian courts than an internet stranger who wants to absolves neo nazis of any responsibility . 
  if you have proof that it was self defence - post them . 
  otherwise , i see your game , you are just out to defend him . 
  your completely clueless posts about norway shows that you have no interest at all in the truth , or how things work , just defend varg , no matter how ill informed you are . 
   judging by your posts , i 'm afraid you do not know much about euronymus . 
  no , i do n't . 
  i do not have to know a lot about the victim to know that no matter how vile , still not allowed to murder him . 
   obviously , this does n't justify varg 's actions , but i would n't write out his self defence theory . 
  but the courts did . 
  two courts , i think . 
  so , everyone who keeps saying it was self defence , ca n't you just give me the evidence then that the courts apparently did n't get . 
  otherwise , it is a highly unlikely theory . 
  furthermore , he still keeps on being an rabid anti semite after all these years , so he hardly seems like a reformed character who has left the anger and hatred behind . 
   even if , it does n't matter much . 
  he is what he is . 
  true , it does n't , but it explains why the papers call him historian . 
  and you - keep on defending active neo nazis , and above all , avoid answering why . 
  furthermore , please keep on explaining prison systems you do not know anything about to someone who might actually have a clue . 
  i do n't belive you are not a supporter of him , unfortunately . 
  so , i guess , go back to fighting internet wars for murderers and neo nazis . 
  ca n't say that i am going to wish you luck . 
   i do n't plan to spend a lot of money on tuition , so i 'm opting for public universities . 
  in sweden you have to pay if you are a non eu/non nordic citizen , so we are out . 
  if you can find a job - some countries sure , in particular if you know the language . 
  i think he has a degree , and have done some writing too , before he became an active holocaust denier , in military history if my memory serves me right . 
  so , he is a historian , who also happen to be a big piece of shit as you said . 
   this kind of situation happens all the time : people spending decades in prison and being completely alienated , ffs - as a fellow scandinavian i can tell you that you are completely wrong about this , i bet i know so much more about the norwegian prison system than you do . 
  for example , let us start with the fact that they * all * have visitors , own cells , visitors overnight ( or over the weekend ) in the prison visitation apartment , education etc. 
  also , even murderers get to spend time outside , they have permission . 
  and , people like varg , before they go outside they go to a low security prison and spend more and more time outside - so they will readjust you see - we are hardly talking about us prisons here , hell , you can get a university education inside the prison , for free btw . 
  but , i guess , you just want to blame it all on someone else.have you even been to norway , what * do * you actually know about the norwegian prison system . 
  do you know that breivik got 21 years ? 
  [ here ] ( http://www.time.com/time/photogallery/0,29307,1989083,00.html ) is how the norwegians think . 
  so , stop telling me what the norwegian prison system is like , unless you actually * are * norwegian . 
  so , society is at fault for the fact that he * still * is a hateful neo nazi ? 
  does n't he have any responsibily ? 
  you refuse to answer that one , please do . 
  and - no , not everyone can be fixed but in norway , * particularely * viscious murderers like varg , most definately ` will * have access to all those things that will help them - if they want to . 
   now if you would stop calling me names and use your damn brain before answering , it would be nice . 
  you do not answer questions , not at all , but you call me names.what have i called you ? 
  why do n't * you * give answer why you care so much about an active antisemite and neo nazi , who also happens to have commited one of the most viscious murderers in modern time in norway . ? 
  he is over 40 - and he spews out hatred on his blogs , yet do not give a single thought to the fact that a man who write like this * chooses * what he writes , and what he has done . 
  and , you speak cryptically that it is difficult bla bla it is difficult for everyone , no reason to become a murderer , and stay a hateful antisemite . 
  now i think you should start answering some question why you care so much about varg . 
  you are avoiding to answer nor are you bringing anything new either . 
  the only thing you have said is to not to call a murderer a murderer , and an ( active ) antisemite an idiot . 
  apperently you do not consider antisemtic neo nazis idiots . 
  that says more about you than about me . 
  you also point out that he , a man over 40 , just might be the victim of `` not learning to fit in to society '' , despite having access to school , education , psychologist etc for over 12 years in prison . 
  never once do you seem to think that he , 40 year old male , could actually stop being a neo nazi and have a choice in how he acts . 
  nor are you willing to discuss that . 
  frankly - you must really like people like him . 
  you have all the excuses in the world for them , and none of the blame . 
  i wonder why you like people like him so much and defend them so much . 
   because i did n't tag him as a murderer and an antisemite , i rather think he has n't been taught how to fit to the society . 
  but he is a murder , and an active antisemite - read his blog for god 's sake . 
  and frankly , norway have probably the best and the nicest prisons in the world , he most definately have had the chance , several times over to rethink everything .
