  look - reports that says that the left are far more dangerous . 
  can you please link to serious reports that says differently ? 
  i can link to the report if you want . 
  can you give me serious , credible sources that can prove that s\u00c4po are wrong , and that you are right . 
  because they claim , and they probably know way more than you , that the left is a bigger threat . 
   right wing extremism is a problem as well . 
  pretending there is nothing but left wing extreme violent is dishonest . 
  no one has done that , you are making stuff up again . 
  and - you forgot to answer all the other questions . 
  do you support illegal demonstrations ? 
  do you support illegaly cover ones face ? 
  do you think demonstrators should follow the law ? 
  do you think it is ok to throw acid , bombs , stones , ammonia etc at people , horse , and the police ? 
  not true . 
  we do n't even have a right wing mainstream media ? 
  or are you calling svd and expressen right wing ? 
  they are liberal or centric in european terms . 
  why are you making stuff up ? 
  do you support demonstrations with masks , which is illegal ? 
  do you support illegal demonstrations ? 
  do you think the left do not have to follow the law ? 
  do you think it is correct to throw ammonia and acid ? 
  do you support the throwing of bombs , bottles and stones ? 
  and you are lying about themurders . 
  why do you make things up ? 
  jaques walkner , now a motor journalist at dn , stabbed a skinhead in the back and the skinhead died . 
  in stockholm , outside berns . 
  but maybe that does n't count as murder , i am sure the violent left will call the chasing of one skinhead by several lefties that then stabb him . 
  in the back for self defence . 
  please google a bit and educate yourself . 
  btw - do you think hampus hellecrant woman get a nice cushy job at dn too ? 
  and what do you say about s\u00e4pos report that the left are more violent and more of a threat to democracy . 
  are you saying that they are lying too ? 
  you have n't been to sweddit have you ? 
  what swedish forums have you visited , or what comment sections ? 
  i do not like either side but in sweden the far more violent and dangerous side if you look at the violence and the police reports are the left . 
  the security police also deem them a far bigger threat against democracy . 
  the situation might be different in other countries . 
  i do wonder if they understand when they do something like this they only manage to make people feel sorry for the other party . 
  not the greatest strategy . 
  i do not think there strength lies in thinking and facts ... 
  it is rather common . 
  i have heard sd being referred to as both fascist and nazi . 
  in the big newspapers , tv shows , radio shows . 
  by not just politicians , but also journalist . 
  do you want me to find examples ? 
  how many ? 
  are you saying they do n't ? 
  not everyone of course , but are you not saying there is an abundance of people from the left who seriously calls far to many people nazis/fascist/easiest if they disagree with them . 
  i agree that you are right most of the time , the left are freely using fascist or neo nazi against everyones who disagree with them . 
  however , in this case , it was a real neo nazi party . 
  among other things they want to throw out anyone not `` genetically nordic '' . 
  it was a election meeting by a far right party , svp ( svenskarnas parti ) who got something around 600 votes in the latest election , so they are not exactly huge . 
  the had sought , and received permission to hold a `` election meeting/election rally '' ( do not know the english name ) . 
  against them were 1500 leftist . 
  they had * no * permission for counterdemonstration , which is something one needs in sweden . 
  so , they had no business being there , it was illegal . 
  everyone has a right to hold meetings , even parties you do not like . 
  and , it is illegal to have a `` masked '' face when in a demonstration . 
  you have to show who you are in sweden . 
  many in the left started out with covered faces ( always a sign of a your friendly violent leftie ) , so the police had to walk around asking them to remove it , some did , some did n't as things usual go with the violent left in sweden , after a while it is not just * fun * anymore to stand around and scream and shout . 
  so , from what i understand some of them thought it was a brilliant idea to start throwing stones , bottles , smoke bombs , colour bomb and ammonia ( at the horses mind you ) at the police/svp ( the police were obviously protecting the svp . 
  oh , and at the ambulance staff who was near too . 
  so , the police charged them , and now the violent left is all over twitter whining that it was a * completely innocent demonstration and the police forced them to fight back and they did absolutely nothing at all , it is just those nazi scumbag faults , and the nazis police fault and they did not throw anything until the police forced them and anyway even if they did throw anything who cares since it was aimed at nazi/the police and we all know they do not deserve to be treated like the rest of us * i 'd say 85 % of the swedish population are siding with the police . 
  fun fact - the violent left in sweden is much more violent than the right and are ( according to official reports from our security service ) seen as a much bigger threat to our democracy than the violent right . they are scum . 
  no , the foundation is controlled by another foundation from liechtenstein . 
  but i am pretty sure that with hm 's stefan persson it includes his stock in hm . 
  they threw paving stones and ammonia on the horses ... . i do not feel sorry for them . 
  and , it was a legal election meeting . 
  you might not like svenskarnas parti , but they have their right to hold election meetings , just like everyone else . 
  in / r/mapporn i wondered why ingvar kamprad , the founder of ikea was not the richest man in sweden , but apparently , he was only worth 4 billions ( according to forbes ) . 
  however , that was his private fortune and ikea is not included in that . 
  it is owned by the family though a foundation in liechtenstein i belive , and not included in the calculation . 
  so , i 'd say that if you included ikea , kamprad would be the richest man . 
  but , apparently one do not . 
  i just went to the doctor , and it is still 1200 sek . 
  or are you talking about medicine ? 
  haha , this is going to be fun . 
  you need to have the last word , despite having nothing . 
  you are of course entirely wrong about history as a science but that is beside the point . 
  so - if you do n't want to discuss the bloodbath of stockholm which i have been trying to get you to do , what is your point ? 
  insult me ? 
  i mean , you have been doing that for the last ten posts , but is that your sole issue ? 
  or are you one of those posters who gets an itch if you can not have the last word ? 
  i am genuinely fascinated by yo , you know . 
  you pretend to be gravely wounded by my apparent disrespect for you ( and perhaps you are so tragically wired that you are , but then you live in a sad world ) and you have been talking about it endlessly . 
  so , it that is all you are going to write about until i stop writing you ? 
  forever ? 
  as long as i answer you , you will keep on writing how i misunderstood you and how you words apparently was twisted , all the while refusing to discuss what we actually started to talk about - the bloodbath of stockholm ? 
  is that your strategy ? 
  history is a science . 
  it is practised and taught in a scientific way at universities all over the world , in denmark as well . 
  that statement makes no sense , it is like you are attempting to be obtuse . 
  so , lets get back to the matter at hand - the blood bath of stockholm . 
  or are you unwilling to discuss that ? 
  what is your issue with the blood bath of stockholm ? 
  it is not about education , if you have any sort of university background you know that is how one resolve a dispute . 
  lay off the personal insult and find facts ( or in this case articles ) that back up your view . 
  that is really the adult way to do it . 
  why are you so unwilling to back up your claims with science ?
