  i just googled it , is n't that berlusconi 's party . 
  seriously italy , you ca n't not re-elect him . 
  hmm , not an expert on italian politics . 
  which one is berlusconi ? 
  is the blue one lega nord ? 
  above all , this looks like an awful mess to me :-) . 
  would n't it be better to have one strong winner ? 
  who looks like the winner for now ? 
  does n't finland has to do that though , raise the pension age ? 
  i mean , to me it seems like all the countries have to do that ( ok , switzerland you are weird , but the rest of us ) since we all have an aging population . 
  you are talking this way to serious . 
  who are you btw to tell me i am un - swedish , i find that rude . 
  i am as swedish as they come , can trace my family back to 16th century , blond and blue eyed . 
  could you tell me who you are who apparently sits on all the information on what being swedish is ? 
  i 'd like a complete list of the swedish versus the in swedish behaviour , and the reason why you are an interpretor of all things swedish . 
  why are you more swedish and a better interpreter than me ? 
  surprise , we have two different genders . 
  i might add that i do n't do one night stands either , whereas almost every single guy i know , not in a relationship would . 
  should we be completely equal on that too ? 
  am i none swedish because i do not behave likes male friends ? 
  or are they ? 
  usually , the guy asks the girl out , at least that is the case with me , and then he does buy me dinner . 
  to call me un swedish for that is fairly ridiculous . 
  gender equality does n't mean doing the exact same things , it means having the same opportunities . 
  so , please give me a list of swedish and non swedish things , and explain to me why you are the sole interpreter of this list and why you have the credentials for it . 
  sweden . 
  i have never ever seen it , or heard about it , given to an individual doctor . 
  sometimes , my mother 's unit at the hospital ( she is a physical therapist ) gets cakes/cupcakes/jam or something similar from their patients , though . 
  some of their patients , likes to bake them cakes , in particular the ones they have been seeing for 5 + years or so . 
  this christmas they got a gingerbread house . 
   then people finishes they degree and wonder why there 's no job for them . 
  (  50 % unemployment among young in spain , rings a bell ? 
  depends on what country you are in . 
   because you took resources from the economy that could have been used for something more valuable ( and thus create goods and jobs ) , and used them for enjoyable nonsense like erasmus : accommodation , traveling , partying , advertising this wasteful program and showing-off how great it is . 
  i think erasmus goes under the education budget , and usually education is a good investment . 
  i think stopping to educate people because a financial tough time , is shooting yourself in the foot . 
  if anything , it might be better having people in uni , than out , unemployed . 
  you do have some valid points though , i have n't seen an analysis of how benefitial it is to society . 
  however , educate people at university , is usually good , and thus , erasmus can be good . 
  if they wanted to start cutting down on something though , i think spending 44 % on agriculuture as someone in this thread said , is really much less beneficial than university education . 
  really ? 
  in my experience it is not very common that you get asked out , in the `` american date way '' , but if a guy does ask you out for dinner , makes reservation , wine and dine you etc , he pays . 
  i 'd be a bit surprised if the guy did n't actually , but i alway have money with me so i can pay , if he want to split it . 
  mostly however ( again , my experience , stockholm ) you meet at a bar or something , and he might be the first drink , you the second , etc. 
  if you asked a girl out for dinner , would you expect her to pay for her half ? 
  i do n't think one can say `` for fun '' , since it is hard from a biological standpoint to say that ( my teachers would freak :-) ) , but i do know that they rape and murder . 
  most animals do , including us . 
  unfortunately , intelligence and self awareness does n't stop an animal from doing that , which we humans are prime examples of . 
  that is what i was wondering , but apperently they are just re-writing it . 
  i was a bit impressed by hollande there for a while , actually . 
  i wonder why the french are so determined to tax the rich . 
  even i , from tax happy sweden question this tax , it makes no sense to me . 
  was this planned by hollande ? 
  did he know that it was going to happen ? 
  i mean , so that he can say to the left `` sorry , i tried '' and then just leave it . 
  i have heard ( but maybe this is information from the true finns/sannfinl \u00e4ndarna ) that finland has lost money , if one compare them to sweden , due to being in the euro . 
  is that true ? 
  at least i wonder if someone has information why finland has been better off since 2001 than , for example , sweden , poland and denmark . 
  have that been up for discussion in finland ? 
  i make the gesture if it is dinner , but frankly not over coffee . 
  if there are drinks , then i 'll offer to buy a round or something , maybe not always on the first date though . 
  well , it is good we are not on a first date then :-) . 
  so , how do you do it . 
  let her pay for the coffee and then offer ? 
  i am all for splitting costs in a relationship , but i must say that i would be surprised if someone wanted to split the cost on a date . 
  the guy that would n't pay for my friends coffee after asking her out ( informed her that it costed 27 sek ... ) came off as a bit cheap . 
  she got irritated and bought him cake and a second coffee , said it was on her and left soon afterwards . 
  refused to go on a second date . 
  haha , should have thought of that . 
  hey , i can answer this !, 
  i am a woman in my country ( sweden ) and i am nice !, 
  if you like me , ask me out , for coffe/dinner/drinks . 
  i do expect you to pay , but if we are at a bar , i might `` get the next round '' or whatever you call it . 
  normally however , you meet through people , it is not very common that you just ask someone out on the street ( that would be sort of weird , a russian guy asked me out on the subway and i was a bit surprised ) . 
  in bars is ok though if you meet someone to ask for their number etc. 
  do n't do one night stands , so the drink/fuck thing really only works with me if we are dating . 
  in sweden you can ger an it job , not speaking swedish . 
  unless your camper wan has heating , i 'd only use it in the summer though :-) . 
  sweden have a lot of snow . 
  and , it is cold as well so the snow stays ( or not cold really , but a few degrees minus ) . 
  i think all of sweden have snow and is cold . 
  perfect !, 
  it looks like a chistmas card . 
  skiing and skating , here i come !, 
   you 're a racist if you think the reason that our boring strip of woodland is decently wealthy is somehow built into our genes.you 're a racist if you think the reason that our boring strip of woodland is decently wealthy is somehow built into our genes . 
  i do n't think our strip of woodland as you call it is boring . 
  perhaps you do , and it is up to you , but you seem to no nothing about the swedish nature at all , or anything about nature actually . 
  perhaps you should move to a super city in china or something , and yes , i do not care about your back ground , but your statement is stupid . 
  they are not your neighbours , we swedes want them :-) . 
  i thought it would be nice to hear about politicans from each country that we actually like . 
  i does n't mean that we have to agree with them 100 % , but that we respect them , and think they are doing a decent job . 
  i 'll start : from sweden i have a certain fondness for [ anders borg ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anders_borg ) , our minister of finances . 
  i also like [ isabella l\u00f6vin ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/isabella_l%c3%b6vin ) who sits in the european parlament , for the green party . 
  from other countries . 
  hmm , i liked mario monti and have always had a weakness for finnish politicians . 
  edit : spelling mistake in the title . 
  stupid . 
  sometimes a ( made up ) person personifies the whole nation , as in for example uncle sam for the us . 
  who is the national personification for your country ? 
  for sweden it is ** moder svea ** , a female warrior/valkyrie who personifies sweden .
