  also , most of the alps is actually austria . 
  i still think there are geological areas you could use , it is just that germans are so against it . 
  sweden/finland are not the only countries with it . 
  and there are other geological constellations that would work , i am sure . 
  we use granite , because that is what we have , obviously . 
  and - furthermore - then come up with something new . 
  if granite does n't work , try something else . 
   we did try salt , it was a disaster . 
  that was probably just temporary , not permanent . 
  to get the permant storage approved you need more than that . 
   there is no rise in co2 emissions in germany since the opt out of nuclear energy . 
  i have never said that . 
  i am saying that instead of * waiting * for renewable energies to kick in , you should not abandon nuclear while keeping coal - since coal add to the climate change . 
  who abandons emission free sources instead of emission sources ? 
  why do you still have coal instead of nuclear ? 
  one adds to climate change - one does n't . 
  how can one say that one care about climate change while keeping the one who adds . 
  i 'd like to see the statistic that you are referring to so i can answer please . 
   i 'm not an economist , but i think they needed to make it before they decided to use single currency . 
  i agree, 
  i am sorry , you still have n't in any way proven that it is better to be in than out . 
  what you are referring to are potential things that might happen * if * the eurozone moves closer . 
  in other words - you agree that at the moment it is far better being outside than outside ? 
   imagine how much worse many of the national economies would have been if they had national currencies . 
  they also benefit from lower interest rates when they borrow - much lower than if they had a vulnerable national currency . 
  no , they would not have been that . 
  for one thing , they would not have suffered internal devaluation , or have to live with germany 's interest rates . 
   you ca n't blame the euro for everything . 
  there are certain countries with the euro that have very good fiscal policies , and other countries that also have the euro that have very poor fiscal policies . 
  it 's not a euro divide , it 's a north-south divide , which exists for cultural reasons , mainly . 
  no , but having a currency union without politicial and financial union and huge financial permanent transfers will lead to this situation , no matter how good they are with their finances . 
  and - * there * are not signs of change . 
  to even remotely start the changes that you are talking about we need votes in every parlament , every country , change of treaties etc. 
  that is not happening . 
  what sources do you need ? 
  do you want sources as to the fact that coal adds more to climate change than nuclear ? 
  i am sorry , i thought that was common knowledge . 
   geology . 
  it 's a bloody hard problem when your country does n't happen to consist of mostly granite . 
  you have some areas . 
  store it there . 
  second-sweden/finland solutions are n't the only solutions . 
  come up with a new solution of your own , a unique german one . 
   and i have to burst our laughing whenever the same guys belittle americans in their fear of terrorism , yet crap their pants when it comes to anything nuclear . 
  i know . 
  look at the number of deaths from it or from coal/climate change . 
   also , thorium reactors i am quite ignorant about them , but i am hopeful . 
   well , nobody wants to store nuclear waste under their backyard they did in sweden . 
  change their mind . 
  deal with it - solve it . 
  or are germany going to sit and whine about it for 100 000 of years ? 
   you may know germany is far more densely populated than finland or sweden . 
  has nothing to do with that . 
  we had cities/areas competing * for * it , and we are storing it in the south of sweden , not the north ( which is far less densly populated ) . 
   you 'll have to first step up your game . 
  we are ahead of you . 
  we have nuclear , hydro and wind . 
  you can step up because you were so bad and because you have coal . 
  how do you step up from hydro ? 
   ffs , germany is hitting climate goals ahead of time , faster than virtually everyone else ( except eastern europe ) , including sweden , on top of abandoning nuclear . 
  could we go even faster with nuclear ? 
  yes , of course . 
  according to what?kyoto / copenhagen that was slow ? 
  and why do n't you go faster ? 
  when will you be as emission free as us ? 
  if you go with nuclear , you can stop adding to climate change and pollution within 10-15 years . 
  that is not happenign now in germany . 
  aha - so you do n't have to post links . 
  if coal is not better than nuclear when it comes to emissions - why does the germans disregard that and chooses climate change ? 
  how can germany ignore the most pressing environmental issue of our time ? 
  i am sure there are other solutions than our type of storage - come up with one that fits germany . 
  why ca n't germany do that ? 
  and - at least a few areas of germany are suitable . 
  also - it has nothing to do with population . 
  we are not storing ours up north actually where far less people live , but 150-200 km from stockholm . 
  it has to do with how willing the population were and how geologically good it was . 
  several places were picked and a few places refused to . 
  the other ones competed in getting the storage . 
  oh - when i said you i meant germany . 
  germany prefers coal and climate change to nuclear . 
  that is a fact . 
  and - again the arguments against coal and climate change a plenty , those against nuclear weak . 
  so germany have clearly chosen to battle nuclear , not climate change . 
  and germany 's choices ruin my climate because the germans ignores clime change . 
  if stating that makes me a prick - at least we a emission free unlike germany who choose emissions before emission free . 
  that is beyond being a prick - that is selfish , horrible and disgusting that anyone willingly does that . 
  and frankly , do n't care really about you as an individual . 
  if your country goes 100 % emission free , then i care . 
  no , i mean that germany could come up with a solution of their own if we can . 
  why ca n't you ? 
  sure , as soon as i am home and off my phone . 
  also - i expect you to please provide the source that coal adds less to the climate change than nuclear . 
  so you are against nuclear because i am an arriving ant prick . 
  i am sorry - the worst argument i have heard . 
  at it is a fact germany has chosen to add to climate change instead of battling it . 
  and your choices affects my climate . 
  it is tragic that you do not understand that . 
  so , nuclear is not good , not as solace etc - but it is a lot better than what you have chosen . 
  it is tragic that you are so non scientific and nationalistic that you can not see that . 
  oh - so when you have no arguments you turn into a child .
