what is the name of the tv show if i 'd like to see it ( understand danish and german , am swedish ) . 
  i think it will be worse for the eurozone . 
  and - everyone should know that the eurozone walked into this , willingly , with their eyes open . 
  future generations will have a hard time understanding that . 
  i know i have . 
  no , i do n't think you are right ( unfortunately i might add ) . 
  this sub is firmly in the pro eu and pro euro camp . 
  it is up to the people . 
  not to the winners . 
  if you are a democratic person you accept your loss and move ob . 
  according to you it can not happen that people move on and countries go forward . 
  i say differently . 
  and i have proof that other countries do . 
  and i never said suck it up - i said move on . 
  move on does n't mean suck it up . 
  you did . 
  that is how you interpret things like move on which says a lot of how you view the world . 
  losers have a responsibility to you know . 
  but if you want to say the do not and it is all up to the winners - feel free . 
  but you are wrong about that and about the fact that countries and people do not move on . 
  god , i ca n't even understand that i need to have a long winded discussion with a pessimistic person who claims moving on is impossible just because i basically wished the uk good luck . 
  if that is to much for you so be it . 
  i am not going to spend any more time with a pessimistic whiner who complains about everything . 
  have a nice day - or is that to much optimism for you and to much responsibility ? 
  we moved on . 
  gee , you are the optimist . 
  so , they ca not move forward to you and everything is lost . 
  this might surprise you but countries have move forward after hard fought battles of yes and no sides . 
  do you want examples ? 
  sweden - yes/no to nuclear , eu , euro . 
  iceland-banks , eu , economy . 
  norway - eu etc. . . and , believe me , countries move on despite small margins . 
  but please , stay in your pessimistic corner and keep on whining . 
  according to you it will not happen that countries can move on to bigger and better things ... well , it is not true , but please , keep on whining . 
  with that attitude no election will ever work . 
  how can you govern a country with only 52 % ? 
  or with 60 % ? 
  are you going to have new taxes , new budget , changed laws if 5 out of 11 are against it ? 
  how can you move forward ? 
  so , please tell me how can you move forward in any democracy ? 
  in detail please . 
  which government in western europe is then working according to you ? 
  at what percentage can you move forward and govern ? 
  well , after any election the loosing side is upset . 
  that is how democracy works , but most of the time one moves on . 
  just whining about loosing a democratic election never helped anyone . 
  that is what i mean , and now the no side ca n't use it as an argument all the time either . 
  so , move on instead , together , faster , stronger , better . 
  yes , move on . 
  like canada did for example . 
  i never said it was childish from the yes side and i do not know how you can interpret it that way . 
  no matter how you put it , they have now decided to stay . 
  that is important and it is hardly like one can go around and scream for a referendum as soon as you do n't like the latest tax from downing street . 
  good !, 
  i wished for this even though i did think the scots had a right to have a vote about it . 
  now , hopefully the uk can put this to rest and move on to bigger and better things :-) . 
  sorry , wrong word . 
  integration . 
   linking barely reputable sources in a language i do n't speak how do you know they are barely reputable ? 
  you do not speak the language . 
   in a language i do n't speak so , how do you know anything about our immigration situation , how the crime situation is , how many that are living on welfare etc ? 
  yet you argue . 
   please really just remain calm and keep the discussion about the policies . 
  like you did when you accused me of not liking brown people ? 
   considering you are making the argument that immigrants are terrible people ( except not non-brown ones , from `` netherlands , japan , or canada '' ) the onus is on you to present these facts . 
  happily . 
  will you admit that you are wrong then ? 
  [ here for example is an article , in a reputable swedish paper about it ] ( http://www.affarsvarlden.se/tidningen/article3834268.ece ) . 
  the fact is that some immigration is good , some bad . 
  i found it strange that you even argue that . 
  claiming that an illiterate somali women contributes as much as a ducht doctor is just stupid . 
   however so far you have only spoken in platitudes , so please give me some legit facts on how immigrants are uniquely worse for swedish society ( i.e. 
  they drain more money than most swedes domestically drain money ) - and if it turns out they cost the state about the same , which i think it will , then your argument is inherently nationalistic/racist because you do n't have a problem with swedes benefiting the welfare system , but ca n't stand it when brown people do . 
  oh , please for example read here on how they , even after things like unemployment etc are corrected , they commit more crimes . 
  the report he is referring to is available online at it is solid statistic btw . 
   i am absolutely familiar with your line of thinking . 
  it 's the same shit over here in the us . 
  no , you are not . 
   aside from the logistics of your argument , there 's still the mounting issue of even rationalizing the root of it anyway - basically you 're saying why should i pay taxes to give people money who contribute less than they take ? 
  why should i pay for people who do not make an effort ? 
  what do you think is the reason for that more than 10 years after arriving , a majority of the immigrants live off the government ? 
  do you think i should start paying for that i wish you could provide me with statistical facts that say i am wrong  however so far you have only spoken in platitudes , so please give me some legit facts on how immigrants are uniquely worse for swedish society ( i.e. 
  they drain more money than most swedes domestically drain money ) - and if it turns out they cost the state about the same , which i think it will , then your argument is inherently nationalistic/racist because you do n't have a problem with swedes benefiting the welfare system , but ca n't stand it when brown people do . 
  please , in detail , where have i discussed skin colour ? 
  and i said immigrants should n't drain , not that i like when swedes do it . 
  in fact , i am all for a tightning up of * all * our welfare system . 
  btw - you seem to know so much about our welfare system , so i 'd like to hear your opinion then about the fact that we are the second worst at integration in europe , and have a far larger percentage living off welfare than other countries . 
  in detail describe why it is racists to be against that and discuss that . 
  while at it , also describe why we should take the largest & of immigrants in the eu . 
   9/10 times anti-immigrants are racist in some capacity . 
  back that up with serious links and facts . 
   immigration is good for a country back that up with facts that prove that all imigration from all over is good for sweden , please . 
   but immigrants tend to be extremely hard working and tenacious because they need to be . 
  why ? 
  in sweden one can live on welfare . 
  please explain , in detail , wat proof you have that swedish immigrants are more tenascious than swedes , or justs more tenacious . 
  it seems that you have a lot of opinions , and an enormous bunch of prejudice , but no facts , either on sweden , on swedes , or immigrants to sweden , or the swedish societty . 
  instead you are sitting in the us , know nothing about me , which of course does n't stop you from being an insulting racist and draw all your incorrect conclusion from what you see in the us society . 
  that is of course , extremely incorrect , and very stupid , basing your world view on immigration on what happens at the mexican border ... on top of that , you think it is necessary to discuss skin colour ( which also prove your ignorance , you should of course know that in sweden/europe , there have been big debates around poles , estonians and several other `` pale '' people ) . 
  in fact , you are the ignorant racist , knowing nothing , yet bashing and insulting .
