  the economics theory behind currency unions says that the prices will rise when they join a union , and since the productivity is lower , unemployment will be much higher . 
  also , it is not just to `` increase '' the productivity . 
  think of when ddr joined with brd . 
  their productivity was lower and the unemployment immediately rose to new heights . 
  however , then it was offset by massive transfers from brd to keep them at a minimum with health care , social benefits etc. 
  also , the former ddr people did n't have to worry about foreign debt or the banks , the brd fixed that , together with massive investments . 
  now , think about greece/spain etc , they also have high unemployment , low productivity etc , but not really any transfers or investements , plus failing banks and large debts . 
  it is like an accident slowly happening . 
  particular with germany 's background i always assumed i guess they would see this . 
  not that greece 's economy is n't shitty , but not every giips country has fucked up as massively . 
  a huge fault ( and why they will not be able to recover in decades ) is the pure science behind . 
  think where ddr would have been without any transfers plus debt and failing banks ... not everything is down to them being corrupt and overspending . 
   i 'm not sure why we 're comparing eurozone debt to german gdp , though . 
  just to show how massive it is , and how much it would be for the germans . 
  also , if you compare it to the whole eurozone 's gdp , you have to take into account that not everyone is as solvent and good at paying off as the germans.you can bet it will be shown like that when they debate the spd :-) . 
  but honestly , i can not understand why the germans are not more worried about the size of their debt . 
  i would be , it is the highest they have . 
  why do n't they want to pay it off , but just increase it ? 
  and , to be serious - to have a properly working currency union one need permanent transfers and pooling off debt , it is economics 101 . 
  so , in that sense steinbr\u00fcck is right , the ez need to pool its debt . 
  i ca n't see how that is not discussed more , i mean , he is right ( even though i would vote no to that as well ) . 
  ca n't the germans see the discreptancy - a working currency union without transfers and debt pooling between so different economies does not exist . 
   and do n't hold your breath about germany leaving the euro . 
  i do n't know if i am `` hoping '' , but i personally think the euro , in its current form , is doomed , and in that sense it might be better if it breaks up sooner than later , it is not becoming any easier . 
  i am just wondering when the breaking point will be i guess . 
  so , if i understood right , the left in slovenia claims that everything is fine , and everyone is just lying/conspiracy/trying to ruin the fine economy of slovenia , including the oecd . 
  does the slovenian left have any explanations as to why the oecd would be interested in bringing down the slovenian banking system ? 
  we are ? 
  haha , if i do not go in and look in the thread i do not notice . 
  when i created my account i decided not to care about imaginary points , i think it was wise . 
  i know i am always downvoted as soon as i in any way criscise the euro/eurozone etc , no matter how legitimate . 
  i have also been battling some trolls , so it might be that . 
  i 'll upvote you :-) . 
   i certainly agree that new treaties are needed . 
  yes - so do i but it will not happen , since the people of the north would vote no . 
  also , i am a bit apprehensible about it anyway , even if it were to go through - the track record of the countries of following a treaty is n't exactly shining - i just do not believe the countries in the eurozone capable of following a treaty , unfortunately . 
  so , instead it will be this tragic situation , muddling on , sinking deeper in the depression . 
  it is a shame really . 
  honestly - are you saying oecd is involved in trying to push slovenia over the brink ? 
   we 're actually dealing with our issues while they 're covering up their problems with debt and taxpayers ' money . 
  so , breaking the maastricht treaty everyday , the austerity , moronic bank saves and an * enormous democratic deficit * is dealing with the issue ? 
  just because their economy is n't perfect that does n't mean that they do not have a point . 
  who then have the perfect economy and the right to criscise ? 
  not north america , not south america , not asia , not europe . 
  with your reasoning , no one is in the position to urge/advice anyone anything . 
  i can find falults with every single country in the world . 
  or , one could actually stop looking at the messenger , like you do , and look at the messega . 
  do you honestly think it is wrong to focus on growth ? 
  why do you think it is wrong to focus on growth ? 
   you have an example of that in the us , japan and uk . 
  sweden ? 
   certainly not investors . 
  any investor would prefer to invest in countries where the central bank actually does its job . 
  investors like stability above all . 
  knowing it will be the printing press for the south , is not a stability . 
  the italian economy is going down again - let us just print some more money instead of dealing with the problem . 
  they have tried that - what happened then ? 
  how do you think the north will feel with a permanent interest rate of 5 % ? 
  and , above all , the treaty has to be renegotiated . 
  i think a lot of people would have the same fears and thought as me , so it is not very likely to happen . 
   on the other hand , each time the ecb actually does its job , like when it said it would do whatever it was needed , and that it would buy bonds in the secondary market - the only thing that actually helped in this crisis by the way - austerity proponents take the corresponding interest rate decrease as proof that austerity is working so they insist extra hard in it . 
  so europe may be too idiot for shared central banking . 
  i certainly agree that it is moronic leadership , but the ecb does not exists in a vaccum . 
  if the ez countries want a working union , they should sit down and rewrite and renegotiate the maastricht treaty . 
  if they for example pooled all the debt and had huge permanent transfers , the relief in form of printing would n't be so tempting . 
  also , people would have a chance to vote about it . 
  right now there is an enormous democratic deficit . 
  but , continuisly breaking the law and breaking treaties is never the answer to anything . 
  i do n't agree that permanent transfers and pooling debt is a definite solution , it is a good stop gap , but even if we did that , in the end the ecb would have to act like a lender of last resort for everything to work smoothly . 
  it should also target ngdp and unemployment and not only inflation . 
  but , in order to get the eurzone to work , it needs to be huge transfers and pooling of debt . 
  how permanent is of course a question of how fast the south can become competitive , but a minumum of 20 years . 
  i mean , that is what you need to do , to get the eurozone to work ( one of the things ) . 
  one thing that i would be extremely scared of if they changed the rules , if i was a eurozone citizen , is how they would use these new rules . 
  as i see it , there is an enormous risk that the ecb would just end up like the previous central banks of italy/greece etc , printing money to cover up other stuff . 
  so , essentially the eurozone monetary policy would turn in to the monetary policy of southern europe . 
  and , if i think so , you can bet that not only does several other northern europeans , but above all - the investors . 
  and , then they will loose faith in the euro , it will be used as the printing press for the south . 
  so , how are they going to deal with that ? 
   the sane greeks do know that everything was wiped clean shortly after the war ) good to hear . 
  unfortunately you do not seem to be in the majority in these type of threads :-) . 
  no , not really . 
  first , it might , for the euro , be a lot better if some countries leave , so , with your reasoning , the ecb might be better off holding the prices down and waiting for them to do just that . 
  second , there might be a lot of other thing the eurozone can do , like for example pooling the debt and huge perment transfers . 
  third - you said `` if it fails '' . 
  well , it has n't yet , has it , so they are doing a good job according to their goals . 
  they have no reason to change . 
  fourth - do you even think a currency union , or any union can be build upon constantly ignoring the law , the rules and regulations?don ' t you think the eu institutions and the eu countries should do just that ? 
  if we can ignore it on a whim , what is the nex one . 
  does anyone has to follow anything anymore ? 
  do you think anything sustainable can be built if treaties are n't even worth the paper it is written on ? 
  also - how will they market react when they know that the eurozone does n't even care about price stability any more and the germans are not in charge of it , but southern europe . 
  do you think that it will inspire faith in the ecb and the euro ? 
  but , what people do not seem to understand , is that the primary goal of the ecb is maintaining price stability , not stimulating the economy etc ( whether it is right or not is a completely different matter ) . 
  the ecb can not just ignore that laws that govern it , and i am actually astounded that people wants to completely ignore the law and just start printing . 
  in order to do that , one has to renegotiate the ecb statues , and quite possible the maastrich treaty . 
  we have already seen what happens when the countries ignores the law , that is a big reason that the current situation is so bad . 
  doing it even more hardly helps , even if i can understand the reasoning behind . 
  no one can build a working union , currency , or anything by constantly ignoring the common rules or the law . 
  so , i think they should then petition to have the maastricht treaty changed .
