  what have greece been doing ? 
  cool , you are ahead of us . 
  so , in about 10-15 years you will begin to see a fall in cervical cancer then . 
  first a question to other eu countries . 
  have you started to vaccinate teenage girls against this ? 
  we have just started , and i just wanted to know how it was in other countries . 
  second - do you have regular check ups for this too ? 
  we get free check ups every second year , but only half of the women go . 
  i think it is so weird - why not go if it is free . 
  as someone else said , then it is almost completely preventable . 
  we most certainly have a housing bubble , and when it will burst we will deserve it . 
  have anyone said that ? 
  it certainly was not what was written in the swedish papers , they blamed the banks . 
  that is even more tragic . 
  i have seen him argue with finns though , it finnish , but maybe that is just google translate . 
  i mean , it is rather sad that the highlight of his day is trolling around boards , being angry . 
  i mean to do that again and again , one has to be very angry , and full of `` angst '' . 
  i like that you are honest :-), 
  i honestly hope so . 
  he seems such a tragic looser somehow , so i hope he grows out of it , not into it . 
  but is jutland a colony ? 
  greenland is - what right do you have to them , at all ? 
  what right do you have to their natural recourses or forcing them to learn danish ? 
  do n't forget the permanent transfers that needs to go with it , for it to work . 
  i think it is fine for the eurozone countries to do that , if that is what they want.pooled debt , permanent transfers etc. 
  the problem is , that is the opposite of what the people in and about to enter the euro has voted about , and what it says in the treaty . 
  so , for it to be democratic , and actually work in the long run ( since the eurozone can be built upon breaking treaties ) the maastrich treaty will have to be re-negotiated and voted about in the individual member states . 
  i personally do not think any northern country will vote yes , but of course i might be wrong . 
  the finns might like pooling their now relatiely low debt with the greeks ( who am i kidding , they will not ) or the dutch might like paying off the italian debt . 
  i however very much doubt it . 
  it will however , take decades anyway , just the re-negotiating of the treaty . 
  yes , but that does n't really answer anything . 
  if you remove children from their parents , force them to learn danish etc it does n't make it less colonialism just because one all of a sudden call it a county , does it ? 
  they did n't even control most of their natural resources until something like 2008 or something - right ? 
  do they have full control now ? 
  thanks !, 
  yes , we do !, 
  and it is fun as well . 
  and , skis unfortunately count , but do not tell the norwegians that :-) . 
  and , i am not really acknowledging handball until we have a new era of `` bengan boys '' ... ... 
   ( sounds negative now that i think of it ) . 
  true , and i do n't think many danish people considers themselves `` colonisators '' or whatever it is called in english ( kolonialister in swedish ) . 
  the question is obviously how the greenlanders feel . 
  i know that they have had a lot of negative experience with alcoholism and before , did n't the danes tried to make them danish , as in force them to go to danish schools , removed them from the parents etc ( we did that to the sami btw ) . 
  i can imagine that right now they are to poor and to small to want to become independet , but as long you give them huge independence perhaps . 
  have anyone apologised . 
  i think our former statsminister g\u00f6ran persson did it to the sami , long overdue . 
  haha , it is true . 
  just thought about greenland though , it must be , and still is a colony , right ? 
  or , was , until 2008/2009 or something when they gained control over their natural recourses . 
  or , what is really the definition of a colony ? 
  but , do you have to learn about the horrors in the colonies when you are 12 ? 
  why not 15 or something ? 
  just wondering . 
  i read king leopolds ghost btw - it was horrible , frightful and a very good book . 
  haha , your account is four days old , carl_sagan . 
  exactly - i am so glad that they know how to prioritise and concentrate on the important stuff . 
  who cares about the organised crimes , rapists and thiefs ? 
  i hope they can catch a student and fine him/her 30 000 like they did for the movie `` hipp , hipp hora '' . 
  finland ? 
  norway ? 
  are you mad ? 
  the norweigans make jokes about us and the finns love when they win over us in ice hockey . 
  i am not sure it is just the british press , unfortunately . 
  we have some tabloids that are excellent if you need to wash windows , and in general i am not impressed by our journalists . 
  pretty sure other countries have the same - bild zeitung for example is the german version of the sun as far as i know . 
  i am shocked . 
  the sun lied and exaggerated ? 
  noooo . 
  what is next ? 
  are they going to tell me that piers morgan is a cunt and berlusconi might be a tad dishonest ? 
  my world is falling apart . 
  european tax payers or those in the countries who decided it was a grand idea to implement the ftt ? 
  i know the un is not democratic , but a ) is nukes still the only issue that decides who sits on the council b ) france is still pulling way above its weight . 
  while the security council does n't have to be democratic , it should at least make some sense . 
  to me it makes much more sense for example to have india there , i billion people , with nuclear arms , than france , 65 million who insists that the secretary general has to learn french . 
  it is a relic from before - drop it , and drop france . 
  thank you , sorry . 
   first of all , i agree with most of what you just said . 
  i do n't want to stop being austrian , endure much corruption or send lots of money southwards . 
  the thing is , i really do n't like the status quo . 
  well , i am sorry , but you have to do that if you get deeper integrated . 
  being austrian will slowly melt away , of course , but i was more thinking about the perment transfers . 
  that is how a good currency union works . 
  i obviously understand that you do not like it , but you have to pick one of the two . 
  a ) deeper integration b ) not send money south you can have both . 
  if you look at successfull currency unions there * needs * to be huge financial transfers . 
  look at the pound , the us dollar etc. 
  also , the economies have to be somewhat alike . 
  it is economics 101 , sorry , . 
   the thing is , i really do n't like the status quo . 
  nobody likes a depression , of course , but frankly , it is not like sweden can solve it , or austria . 
  my suggestion would be to leave the euro . 
  do n't force everybody deeper in the mess . 
   at the moment , as i already mentioned , governments i ca n't vote for are affecting my life far too much and the decisions in the eu are made without much transparency - heads of governments haggling in backrooms ( just remember the last eu budget ) . 
  the goverments get away with the breaking of rules because they are their own judge . 
  a strong european parliament would be able the counterbalance that . 
  well , i agree to a point . 
  i hate the rule breaking as much as you do , but at the moment , the eu gets 1 % of our gdp , and even though i want those money to be spent well , i can still live with it . 
  i think it is much worse for you , since you have given up your currency , and every day you see the leaders of the eurozone making moronic deciscions .
