  nor have one then asked the countries who are about to join ( poland for example ) if they want * not * to join , the rules have changed , considerably . 
  had one cared about democracy , the new sgp would have been voted about again , through parlamentary elections or through a common vote . 
  how can one just ignore the rules for decades , then re-negotiate them twice , because everyone is just ignoring them , and then call it democratic ? 
  it is horrible to me . 
  just this alone makes me pretty sure that i am against the euro for my country , i have seen the `` fiscal disciplin '' with regards to regulations ( i can understand that it is tough now , but back when everything was going great , it still did n't matter ) and the unwillingness to let people have a say when they change the rules . 
  something that is much more scary however , because that will really , really change a ( euro ) states finances forever , is the changes that have been made in the ecb laws . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.ecb.int/mopo/eaec/fiscal/html/index.en.html ) for example are some of them . 
  do you notice that there is a `` no bail out clause '' ? 
  that is for the euro as well . 
  have the countries followed that clause ? 
  no , of course not ( portugal and greece ) . 
  while i can understand the immediate respons , i have tried to follow the crises a bit at least , and it has been going on for years now , how can it be justified to ignore a clause again and again , without re-negotiating . 
  in the end , the bureacrats/politicians said yes to that , the re-negotiation has never been brought in front of the people of the eu . 
  if one can do that with one , such an important issue , what other issues will they do that with . 
  i certainly do not think it strengthens the eu acting like that , i think democracy has been lost here . 
  democracy * is * lost , when politicians decide to ignore the rules that the people voted about , do n't you think ? 
  what is the worst though is that the rules of the euro clearly states that `` each and every country is responsible for their own debt '' . 
  `` no country should take on any other countries debt '' that is not what has happened . 
  i am sure i do not have to tell you that the tax payers from the northern countries have taken on some of the debt from the south , in direct violation with theses rules ? 
  even though i am sure both of us can understand , as i have said before , the reasons for doing it , it clearly points to something happening the voters have not have had chance to vote about and what more , something they , in every gallup , in every poll voters have said no to shouldering another countries debt !, 
  while this might happen in fifty years , do n't you think something as enormous as this is something everyone should be asked about ? 
  poland might not want to join under those premises , and the finns , if asked , might decide than rather than to pay for the portugues , they will leave to ( i am not blaming portugal , they are not having fun , just example ) . 
  instead , they are sneaking it in , little by little , among other things through the ecb . 
  i am sure you can see how enormous the fact is that countries are now taking on each others debt is , but the fact is - people has said no !, 
  what gives anyone the right to go against it then , for years and years , which is actually what is happening now . 
  and above all , is n't it horribly un-democratic ? 
  what is the next thing they will ignore ? 
  i think the euro was wrongly constructed , which has lead to many problems . 
  however , it is * when * the times are tought that our democratic resolve get tested . 
  i have been enormously disappointed in the actions of the eu with that regard . 
   what exactly has n't gone through the proper democratic channels ? 
  everthing !, 
  did every country in the euro get a chance to vote about the new euro rules ? 
  have the people in all the countries have had their say in the way ecb is acting ? 
  have they had a chance in the bank save , and the coming ( unfortunately ) more bailouts ? 
  have all they people been able to vote about the new transfers that is now becoming more and more permanent ? 
  one ca n't just say , vote on , * and * accept the rule `` each country is responsible for their own debt '' , `` no country will pay for someone else '' , the ecb will not intervene etc , and then change that , without asking . 
  it is * huge * . 
  what is happehning now , is that they are institutionalising transfers ( big permanent transfers ) , and changing the ground rules for the euro . 
  how can you think it is ok to do that without asking people ? 
  no one ever voted yes to that , either in their parlament , or in their their popular votes . 
  also , remember that other countries are about to join to . 
  you ca n't tell them that they signed up under the rules a , which they agree to , and then change it to be , without either letting them off the hook ( which also demands big legal changes and renegotions of treaties ) or * not * changing . 
  that is very undemocratic , and against eu law . 
  unfortunately i do n't think the changes you are describing , while interesting ( and good i am sure ) are fixing that , that every thing is done not through the proper channels , and without asking people . 
  you are probably right about berlusconi though . 
  well , sweden are not really in the euro , but it is scary how the euro has been handled , even from the beginning . 
  mind you , i am not really against the euro as an idea , but i think it is incorrectly constructed and that has lead to problems for everyone involved . 
  with such different economies for example , one have to accept permanent transfer , huge permanent transfers . 
  i am not really ready to do that , for one thing :-) . 
  countries are and have been ignoring everything about the euro really , and nothing has happened that seems to change that . 
  as and example , i 'd like to take the way the ecb works . 
  they are not supposed to buy up bonds on the market the way they are , support individual currencies , in effect sponsor individual countries ( whoever `` noble '' the reason might be ) . 
  it is the same with everything really , from supporting countries etc. 
  i can understand , to * some * extent , why one is doing this , but these rules were painfully thought out , and voted about , accepted , by almost all the different countries . 
  at some point , one has to start listening and stop ignoring them . 
  above all , i can see the need for re-negotiation etc , but that * has * to be done through the proper channels , and let people vote about it . 
  the crises has been going on since at least 2008 , one ca n't blame it on urgency . 
  now they are being renegotiated through some back door channel , no voting . 
  all that is actually getting worse . 
  same with berlusconi , who is in my mind a super corrupt , power hungry viagra fueled gnome , but , he was the choice of the italians . 
  the eu has no business making him leave , where does it say that ? 
  some of it can be blamed on the economy , but in my mind , it is a cheap excuse . 
  the economy is only accentuates problems that were there , did n't invent them . 
  another thing is that the nordic countries are all rather non corrupt . 
  even statistically , unless we join up with new zeeland , we are bound to join up with bigger countries , who are more , or a lot more corrupt , unfortunately . 
  one thing i have been following is the `` snus '' debate ( a sort of wet tobacco sweden have a special licence for ) where there was bribery , on a high level . 
  those high official has n't been charged , and it is not , unfortunately , the first time i read about stuff like that in the eu . 
  i also do n't really think that the eu would look out for our interest really , they do n't really now . 
  understandably from a population viewpoint , but maybe one should n't join then if one has a problem with it . 
  do n't join up and then complain . 
  why do you think it is getting more democratic ? 
  norway and iceland are not in it , so in a true democratic fashion , we would have to check with them :-) . 
  honestly , perhaps we should all vote , 2/3 majority and all that . 
  frankly , i do n't know , the eu is hardly very popular here in sweden either , it feel more like a euro union in the last years , to be a bit honest , and it feels like somehow one would be dragged into the euro . 
  i 'd have to think about it.i am not against the eu , quite like some aspects of it , and the idea of the eu . 
  but it seems like it is becoming more and more undemocratic , and it bothers me , truly . 
  even as a nordic union , we would be way to small to fight that . 
  perhaps it is better to stay outside where our interest would be taken care of better and our vocies heard . 
  so , ambivalent is the answer :-) . 
  norway !, 
  / sweden i 'd actually could imagine a nordic union , but since the rules said one , it is norway !, 
  even georgahically , it is rather neat and tidy . 
  i love fjords too . 
  i am swedish too , but i am just more for a nordic union . 
  i 'd like that . 
  we would be to small to piss anyone off really as well , and we are fairly similar culturally , and at least way more similar financially than north/south/east . 
  edit : i also believe that it is a basic fault with the euro , that the economies are to different , and that is one of the many causes for the current situation . 
  therefore i do n't think it is good to join in any sort of a financial union with economies who are to different from our own ( and germany is just to big ) . 
  perhaps the baltics as well . 
  ok , i thought that was the answer to my questin who was winning . 
  misunderstanding then . 
  at the end of the article is a comment , that says the paper includes all passanger vehicles , like suv , so i do n't think that they have excluded suv 's . 
   but the gist is that this data includes all `` passenger vehicles , '' which means cars , pickup trucks , suvs , and minibuses . 
  it does not include commercial freight trucks or buses with over nine seats , both of which the u.s. has a lot of , but which tend to be owned by businesses rather than individuals . 
  well , i am sorry , then italy deserves what it is getting . 
  he was removed for god 's sake , because no one had any faith in him and everyone knows he is corrupt . 
  then italians choose corruption . 
  sorry , i just hope you can contain your problems to italy then , and no infect anyone else , but that is doubtful . 
  really ?
