  or are you saying that the eu is so incompetent organisation that it has no clue where the money has been going for all these decades and have no records . 
  you want me to accept corrupt countries but you ca n't prove that the corruption goes down or that my money will be used wisely . 
  how do you want to build a union when you ca n't even deal with corruption . 
  and the fact that you indicate that i as a swede has no right to be concerned a out corruption , where my tex money is going and should just pay because i am rich - well that says all about you . 
  at what payment are one allowed to ask ? 
  why does n't swedes deserve to be assured about corruption or where our money is going . 
  is so arrogant of you to tell me i have no right and should just pay . 
  so , prove it b, 
  exist back when . 
  the 90 's ? 
  yes they did and since they do - why have n't we seem a change ? 
  please answer me in detail why greece and italy has n't been less corrupt in the last 25 years . 
  if the mechanism worked the greeks should have been better at paying taxes for example so we do n't have to support them . 
  have they ? 
  you have data sets going back at least 20 years - prove it . 
  otherwise our mechanisms does n't work and you will have to admit that . 
  can you ? 
  what agreement are you talking about ? 
  i do not like them , why should i prove anything ? 
  yes , i want you to prove how the corruption has gone down for every country that has joined the eu ( apart from the non corrupt top five perhaps since the just mostly switch placed ) . 
  you should have data from at least 20 years and it should be easy for you to prove . 
  if you want to accept countries in the eu why do n't you prove that ? 
  do n't i as a taxpayer and net payer deserve that ? 
  does n't swedes deserve to find out why we pay so much and other so little ? 
  it is not just gdp you know - we pay our taxes better than other countries . 
  how is that fair ? 
  if you want to add countries you should be able to prove that the eu lessens the corruption and that there is no risk for my tax money to go anywhere corrupt . 
  you have data from at least 20 years , - i look forward to it . 
  still not an excuse to add them . 
  and , i am on the phone but if you look at transparency internationals lists , they are steady . 
  italy has n't changed . 
  nor have the regions changed which you very well know . 
  you are claiming that a country who elected and reelected berlusconi after decades in the eu was not corrupt ? 
  why are they still corrupt then . 
  and why should i tell you how the agreement would help ? 
  i d not believe in them . 
  so why are you asking me . 
  but , you still forget and refuse the facts . 
  show to me the sharp drop - or steady decline in corruption in greece since 1981 . 
  if the eu groks , it should be so . 
  same for spain and ireland . 
  also , we have data now from the baltics and poland you should be able to prove that they are less corrupt . 
  you are making the claim - you prove that the eu makes the countries less corrupt . 
  and , simple bloody math says that adding one corrupt country after another does not make the eu less corrupt . 
  it is already far less corrupt than my country - and you want to make it even worse . 
  prove that the eu is less corrupt than sweden . 
  and , how can you claim that adding corrupt countries makes the eu less corrupt ? 
  that does not add up with the facts , and you know it . 
  why do you lie ? 
  i want you to prove that the eu becomes less corrupt for every corrupt country . 
  frankly , biltong you and i know that it is a lie . 
  how on earth would that work . 
  explain it to me in detail . 
  does the air in brussels make people honest ? 
  if it does n't work with italy , why would it work with the others ? 
  you are just making stuff up i believe rather than saying that yes , adding corrupt countries is a real risk . 
  you lie if you do not admit to that . 
  also , how are you going to fight corruption ? 
  in my country we are extremely good at paying taxes . 
  is n't it unfair that others cheat ? 
  for starters , hue are you going to fix taxes in greece ? 
  how are you going to fix corruption in bulgaria ? 
  in detail , please . 
  now you are ignoring the facts . 
  no , we are not more careful . 
  why did we then add bulgaria and romania ? 
  and the eu does n't influence corruption positively . 
  it is a fact that greece and italy have not improved in the plus 30 years . 
  so , clearly , the eu will not help so , we will not improve the situation there , but we will become more corrupt . 
  my money will go more to corrupt people and projects . 
  the eu will be easier to buy . 
  why would i want that ? 
  why do you want the eu to be more corrupt ? 
  we will be . 
  we are not going to have a new war if we do not include georgia , serbia et al. 
  who will pay ? 
  why add corruption ? 
  why the fuck are you bringing up ikea ? 
  and what prosperity . 
  we have been oaying for greece , spain and portugal for decades , and will for decades more . 
  why ? 
  if the eu works , why the fuck are we still paying for them ? 
  why are we still as corrupt as ever , more , not less . 
  why do n't care about the eu but just prefer to add corruption ? 
  italy has n't become less corrupt , or greece . 
  yet people like you do n't care but just want to throw away more of my money . 
  what the fuck are you going to do about the corruption ? 
  fewer countries are paying for more receivers . 
  do n't you know basic math ? 
  how are you going to fix that - in detail please . 
  i do not want to add more countries that costs money . 
  are you going to pay ? 
  when was the last time the eu added someone who pays ? 
  bit slow i am afraid :-) . 
  i was just surprised to see a finn claiming that . 
  that is really stretching it . 
  finland only had a few hundred jews that they refused to turn over to the nazis . 
  if i recall correctly , mannerheim himself refused . 
  you might also do well to remember that the finns joined with the nazi not because they shared the ideology in any way , but because they wanted to get karelen . 
  and - the jews then were signed into the finnish army like other finnish men , i believe , and fought for finland .
