  they have a right to whine - correct . 
  i also have the right to call them whining crybabies , which they are . 
   this is n't about trying to control fiction . 
  yes it is . 
  you , and the poles , seems to think that the world `` owes '' you to be portrayed in the manner you choose . 
  illustrated by this sentence for example * every single portrayal of eastern europe in the media has been negative * . 
  obviously not true , i can find positive media portrayals . 
  that sentence is just whining - i am sorry , but it is . 
  you take on this victim attitude , and since you are victims , the rest of us owes you . 
  frankly - the world owes you nothing . 
  grow up and start making your own impact then . 
  make good movies , become rich or whatever . 
  and , accept that no one likes a whiner . 
  i have a lot more respect for the russians , who has been far more villified than the poles since the beginning of movies . 
  they however , get on with it and do n't complain . 
  i can tell you , if the brits had whined this much about that horrible american movie where the americans ( obviously a lie ) stole the enigma machine i would have been horrified . 
  instead they made fun of it , and kept a stiff upper lip . 
  i respect that - i do not respect people who whine every time someone make a movie they do n't like . 
  grow up . 
  if you do n't like it , make new and better tv shows . 
  no one likes or even respects whiners . 
  the poles have managed to make me loose all kinds of respect for them with this . 
  the poles are not unique , nor are the eastern europeans . 
  if you do n't like how you are portrayed - fix it , do n't whine . 
  the world does n't owe you any favour that means that eastern europe ( unlike everyone else ) gets to dictate how they are portraed . 
   how else would you get the message across to filmmakers that their portrayal is wrong ? 
  of course :-) . 
  i am not saying that they do n't deserve it either . 
  i know , and i am sure you know too that a lot of the portrayals in films ( i 'd say most ) are wrong . 
  what a historical movie does for me is either pure brain dead entertainment - i mean , i do n't see braveheart as a lot more correct or filled with facts than alien or lord of the rings . 
  or , a historical movie can provide me with some insight to the era , but more like waking an interest . 
  i know band of brothers has it faults , but it did get me started on reading up on the d-day landings . 
  i am currently reading tom hollands `` rubicon '' , and i thank colleen mccoullough series about caesar and the late roman republic for that - and i still enjoy gladiator , with it gazillion mistakes . 
  i guess i just want to say that most of us know that life is not like fiction , we are aware of that . 
  and , freedom of speech also makes it important that people can say , write , and portray things we do n't agree with . 
  the best way to deal with it in my opinion is ignore it . 
  one can not , nor should one , try to control fiction . 
  it would be very , very dangerous . 
  i honestly hope there are a lot of good eastern european movies and tv shows coming , that show everything from eastern european history , to just ordinary lives - just good movies . 
  i do n't know if we have any really either . 
  i think sweden is more known for pop music . 
  yes , i will ignore you , since you are not behaving like an adult , and you are bringing up unrelated stuff . 
  at the end of the day it was a bad tv show . 
  get over it . 
  you do not seem to understand that you are a whiner . 
  you have managed to turn me into someone who had a positive opinions of the poles , to someone who now consider you a nation of whiners . 
  ps - do you know that no one like whiners . 
  i like the winters here . 
  i was worse abroad because it did n't snow properly , it was just gray and rainy . 
   i 'm not talking about absolute truth . 
  the way people are portrayed on tv influences our views of them . 
  it creates stereotypes . 
  russians are drunkards , romanians are thieves , polish people are lazy etc. 
  so , start doing good movies that portrays russians as hardworking , romanian as cultured , arabs as peace loving or whatever , but stop whing . 
  if you * do * look at movies you will know that * everyone * gets mistreated - the whole time . 
  i 'd guess the americans and indians less than most , just because they own a lot of the film industry , but who knows , i am not a movie buff , i am sure they are portrayed as pure evil in some films . 
  however , whining is just unattractive . 
  stop whining and make fabulous movies/tv shows etc then that changes peoples perspective . 
  whining is n't doing that . 
  the poles should whine . 
  ww2 is relatively recent history . 
  oh - can you tell me exactly which portrayes that are ok to do and not , of all the worlds nations . 
  and which conflicts that is ok to butcher , and not , in the world . 
  i am bloody sure that the middle east would not like to exclude everything before 1939 . 
  for them it is recent , also because they live with consequences of what went before - every single person in the world does that you see . 
  so , there is not `` we can do this but not that '' , it is more whether people can take it or if they are whiners . 
  i know which category the poles are . 
  no one likes , or admires , or , what is more important , even listens to a whiner . 
  what i have taken with me that is that poles want special treatment and are whiners . 
  besides , the whole argument that it is recent is stupid . 
  before you claimed that it was the impression you cared about - do you think the brits like being portrayed as lying murderers in several movies . 
  that forms an impression - at least you said so . 
  or , russians , or - well , frankly any natinality that are incorrectly portrayed , which means every single one - but only the poles whine . 
  you see , in the adult world , we know that a ) there is a freedom of speech that means people can say , write etc a lot of things that i do not like b ) we know that we will not like everything c ) we are also aware of that most movies and tv shows are shitty , and the historical ones are not correct d ) we also have the ability to * turn off * the tv when things are not to our liking , instead of whining like cry babies oh , and [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/qbyyk/what_movie_would_you_say_most_screwed_up_the/ ) is a list from askhistorians about shitty movies . 
  [ another link ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/wiki/movies#wiki_historical_accuracy_in_movies ) just a few of course , but you will notice that most of the fiction mentioned has not rendered that grown up people/nations whine ( it seems like the whole bloody nation whines ) they just notice it is bad and move on - you see , adults do that . 
  in fact , the rest of us do n't make threads and whine . 
  so , the impression i have of poles is not of the tv show , which i incidently have n't seen , but of how they behave when they do n't like how they are portrayed - and that it is not very flattering . 
  they seem to be a nation of whiners who unlike everyone else is incapable of behaving like adults , letting go and moving on . 
  buhuuu , there was a tv show made that did n't portray history in the way i like , i am whining , crying - frankly , i am sure they are at home stomping their foot . 
  good impression they are making , really . 
  everyone has been treated like shit at some point or another . 
  and , to say that one take fiction as absolute truths is just wrong . 
  i am on my phone but i can later on give you the longest list of incorrect historical movies and tv series . 
  in fact - i think i can easier provide a list of correct ones . 
  same with books . 
  however , most adult take it for what it is - fiction , shrug their shoulders and move on . 
  i mean , do you believe mel gibson 's movies ? 
  i have n't see the english sue him ? 
  i can go on and on about how many nationalities that get incorrectly portrayed , but the fact is - most of us do not whine like the poles . 
  i mean - think of the russians - how are they always portrayed . 
  at the end of the day what i take with me from this is that poles are overly sensitive and whiney . 
  i do n't believe that they are responsible for the holocaust , but i do believe that they demand special treatment and that they are whiney . 
  hardly the impression one wants to give . 
  you expect other nations to whine like you ? 
  the fact is , we try not to . 
  we do n't want to be childish whiners . 
  the russians get on with their lives , just like the brits , arabs or any other nation who routinely get their nationality and history butchered in bad movies , books or tv shows . 
  you see , as adults , we realise the difference between fact and fiction . 
  second , we realise that not everyone , everywhere will write or make movies where we get portrayed exactly to our liking . 
  third , we have the capability to turn of the tv or not reading a book .
