  i also think the eu are more open to bribes . 
  i ca n't for the life of me figure out otherwise how we still can subsidise tobacco ... . 
  exactly , but our rate of diseases from tobacco use is very low compared to other countries . 
  coulnd ' t hollande change that now ? 
  make it a ten year period or something ? 
  how come it has n't been changed ? 
  it seems absurd that every president is getting bribed and no one does anything . 
  why are you doing all these weird changes ? 
  i hardly think legal aid is one of the biggest budget posts ? 
  i never understood the paying for uni either . 
  have some republicans emigrated perhaps ? 
  will we se wild discussions about the right to carry arms :-) ? 
  but is it ok just because she has financed the last five presidents ? 
  is it legal to finance presidents in exchange for reduced taxes ? 
   who i contributed to elect to the european parliament with my vote ( while i know exactly whom i voted for at the national elections ) . 
  neither can i , but i remember it was someone who disliked the cap :-) . 
   the problem is that i have no idea who my mep is , let alone of what she/he thinks about the cap . 
  in italy , the eu parliament is regarded little more than a retirement home for failed politicians it was n't directly aimed towards you , just a general rant :-) . 
  well , i do n't know how your ep election looks like but when i vote the different parties come out with lists of what candidates they have , and i google them and try to find out their opinion about things that i care about ( like fighting the cap ) . 
  luckily i have a few friends who are into politics , so i ask them to keep their eyes open for a candidate that might fit my taste . 
  after that i check in what `` coalitions '' they are in the ep , so they are in accordance with my wishes too . 
  i wo n't lie , it 's a bloody chore , but i happen to be one of those people who think one should vote when one is given the right and the oppurtunity . 
   tobacco producers are going to oppose tough restrictions on cigarettes . 
  is n't it nice knowing that our tax money goes to subidise the cap ? 
  thank you all countries/mep 's defending the cap and fighting to keep it in its current form . 
  spending tax money on tobacco is just a so much better and sensible investment compared to r & d or education . 
  honestly , how can anyone defend this ? 
  pro tip - if your mep was pro cap , do not vote for him/her . 
  i think that is quite interesting , our greens are against the eu . 
  the problem is that a lot ( i 'd say the majority ) of the swedes do not seem to be aware of the fact that when you vote for the ep , one has to look at not only what the party you are voting for wants , but in what `` groups/coalitions '' they are working . 
  i mean , if a swede hates the eu and therefore vote for the swedish green party , it is a completely useless vote if they are in a coalition with the other greens . 
  if leaving the eu is his goal , his vote is better spent elsewhere . 
  i just wish more people looked at the groups in the ep when they voted . 
  how are the greens stance towards the eu in the netherlands ? 
  in sweden , the greens are fairly negative . 
   aside from seeing you having very similar interest as i have , cheers to that !, 
  igelkotten translates to ( european ) hedgehog/braunbrustigel . 
  so yes , the german igel translates to igelkotten . 
  however , to make it difficult for you , if you * only * say igel in swedish you say egel/leech . 
  have know idea how we swedes managed to get that mixed up , but ethymological speaking igelkott/igel has the same roots ( according to wiki which i just checked ) . 
  i think it is a fairly stable job market for it people in stockholm . 
  always helps speaking swedish , but we have quite a few international companies like ericsson or something where you do n't have to . 
  hard to find a place to live though . 
  i am really interested in environment , climate , nature , science and research . 
  however , those issues will not be noticed in the elections , so what i am voting for will probably be someone who who : * fight against the cap . 
  44 % ( or in the end of 2020 37 % ) is far to much of the total budget . 
  fight against sponsoring wine , tobacco , more efficiency etc. 
  * fight against perment transfers north/south . 
  fight against perment transfers , period . 
  * fight for the law and treaties * someone i can agree with on a economical level . 
  * fight for not integrating more economical right now . 
  * fight for more economical sense , not the idiocy we are seeing right now . 
  yes it has . 
  sigh . 
  otherwise we could not send them back , which we do . 
  sweden , the most anal l country in the world , do not take somaliis anymore for example . 
  and trust me , if they could , or human rights lawyer would appeal . 
  otherwise , italy would have no legal leg to stand on . 
  which they do . 
  no , they are not . 
  proof . 
  i know in sweden neither somali , ethiopian or eritrean are recognised as refugees under the geneva convention , in fact , only 4 % of the refugees that comes to us are . 
  i doubt that the italians view it differently , or have other measurements . 
  and , if you had read the geneva convention , you know that they had to be fleeing war or violence , while you just go on and on about poverty . 
  so , i 'd like for you to prove it . 
   `` a person who owing to a well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion , is outside the country of his nationality and is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail himself of the protection of that country ; or who , not having a nationality and being outside the country of his former habitual residence as a result of such events , is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to return to it . . '' [ 7 ] not the poverty you are talking about constantly . 
  so , again , prove it . 
  you seem not to know the difference between an asylum seeker ( which the people on lampedusa are ) , a migrant , and a refugee . 
  are they refugees according to the geneva convention ? 
  yes or no ? 
   the rwandan genocide is a text book example of the uselessness of the un as an organisation . 
  so , the fact that * you * ( again , this is all about you ) find them useless does n't change the definition of what a refugee is . 
  i do n't find them useless . 
  again , it is all about you , you , you . 
  i 've asked you to post links - why ca n't you do that ? 
  are you afraid ? 
  do n't you have any ? 
  post the links of the genocide they are missing now that they migrants are fleeing from ? 
  why ca n't you do that ? 
  are you denying the geneva convention ? 
  if your definition is the right one - post links to your extremely high credibility then . 
  you must be one hell of a famous human rights judge , since you apparently know more , and have a better legal definition than the un and the geneva convention . 
  i am looking forward to you proving that the geneva convention is incorrect . 
   matter one bit in todays world . 
  feel free to quote the post where i have attacked your nationality . 
  you asked the last time swedes were the vicitims of genocide for example . 
  it clearly has no bearing on the case whatsoever , but was a useless attack on my credibility . 
   the definition of refugee is as follows : `` a person who flees for refuge or safety , especially to a foreign country , as in time of political upheaval , war , etc not according to the geneva convention . 
  that was * again * your definition . 
  if you want the world to accept * your * definition , above the geneva convention , post proof that you are the legal mastermind of the world . 
  i am waiting , but you seem not to have anything . 
   i 'm a going to ask you again : where have i provided an altered definition for what a refugee is ? 
  all the time . 
  you refuse to accept the definition in the geneva convention and that the un classifies people . 
  if you accepted the definition in the geneva convention , we would not be having this argument . 
  the un do not classify those people fleeing across the mediterranian as refugees , nor are they . 
  basically , you are saying , without any evidence of course , `` i am right , the un and geneva convention is wrong '' . 
  so , * post * evidence of it then . 
  if you * are * right , there must be evidence of it . 
   so there were no refugees before the geneva convention , is that what you 're saying ?
