  so , do n't you think it would be right to vote about the clear breaking of the rules ? 
  if other officials behaved like the ecb board members , they would immediately be fired . 
  imagine a judge ignoring the law , or an accountant , ignoring the accounting rules , in fact doing everything exactly opposite . 
  do you think it is democratic to have * unelected * people , going against the law and not being fired ? 
  what gave them the right to do this ? 
  would you like all officials to behave like this ? 
   while i 'm not a fan of saving wealthy bankers i believe that a total banking system collapse could easily have occurred in the last 5 years without action being taken against the will of the voters . 
  a ) the individual countries could have saved their own banks , germany could have saved theirs , france theirs etc. 
  that is * not * against the rules , which the current saves is . 
  and , countries like estonia , ( the poorest member of the ez btw ) and finland would n't have to bail out german and greek banks . 
  and , perhaps a bit beside the point , but i must say it is also the most moronic bank save i have seen . 
  b ) that is not for you to judge , or decide . 
  it is up to the voters . 
  i am very sure that the voters want their banks saved too - but they have a right to have a say . 
  also , if the voters had a say , perhaps the bank saves would actually been smarter , not idiotic . 
  c ) above all - how can you defend a continuous breaking of the law ? 
  why do we not get to vote about what is happening ? 
  if they ca n't follow the treaty or statues , write new ones , or * keep following the old ones *  sometimes what people want does n't exactly jive with what they need ; but the question of `` should the european people be allowed to vote themselves into destitution '' is a difficult one that requires a lot of thinking . 
  that is the exact argument that politicians use when they do not want us to vote about the breaking of the treaty , new treaties , bail outs , etc. 
  at the end of the day , the eu is not even attempting to behave like a legal , legitimate union anymore , it is an ad hoc procedure that changes every day . 
  and , we got less and less to say about it . 
  above all , the ez seem to have missed a vital point . 
  a currency union , and a union is supposed to be something good . 
  countries are supposed to benefit from it , and want to be there , not fight to stay out . 
  also , it is not supposed to contribute to a continous collapse of economies , or being anti-democratic . 
  if that is the case , one should take a close look at what is going on and change ones behaviour . 
  that is not happening in the ez , not at all . 
  how does anyone expect anything sustainable to be built in a world where no one follows the laws and treaties are n't worth the paper it is written upon ? 
  that baffles me that people do not consider that more . 
  it is , one must be extremely intelligent to manage it :-) . 
  actually i am not on my phone now and realised you are one person , not two , which i thought . 
   given what i consider to be irreconcilable differences between north and south europe i do not believe that it would ever occur at the scale of the eu at its present size . 
  true , but that is not what we are hearing from the politicians , nor do they , like you suggest , talk about the popular vote , not even for treaties . 
   could it ever come down to a vote per eu nation , where all nations that voted yes get to join and those that vote against retain their current status ? 
  perhaps . 
  i personally is more for a nordic union to be honest , if i have to be in one . 
   again , only with a popular vote  thank you , that is what i wanted to know . 
  what do you think about the situation when the institutions , the countries and the eu is going * against * the law and the treaty ? 
  do n't you agree that it means less democracy ? 
  who gave the ecb the right to go against the law and its statue ? 
  the people of the ez ( and others ) specifically voted * against * what they are doing . 
  how is that democratic ? 
  what can i say , it is not me . 
  still have n't seen your name , it is harder on the phone . 
  so you do not think we should be allowed to vote about a federal europe then ? 
  i do n't know , i have n't down voted you . 
  i am in my phone , so it is harder to see even who i reply to . 
  i get downvoted all the time too btw , it is hard to find posts of me in the r/europe that has n't any downvotes . 
  honestly , i still have n't checked your name . 
  i rarely downvotes in threads in discussions i participate in btw . 
  it is just silly internet points , do n't let it bother you :-) . 
  well , that measures the individual states , not the eu . 
  if the eu is so democratic , why is n't the eu following the treaty ? 
  if the eu is so democratic , how come it is ok for the institutions of the eu to disregard the law and , despite the fact that they are not elected , make decisions , who blatantly goes against the very law that they have promised to uphold , and in the process ruin/affect the economy of the whole world ? 
  why do n't we get to vote about these things ? 
   it 's not like if we create this use that the problems will go away , what many federalists would like us to believe ( guy verhofstadt is one of them ) . 
  exactly , and a prime example of the politicians trying to force it down our throats . 
   how should we create a use if we take this long to implement a sort of constitution or if we need to constantly change treaties . 
  this is one of the things the federalist do not want to answer . 
  they think more europe is the answer . 
  i say fine , but let everyone in the eu vote about it , so it is a true democracy . 
  then they do not want that either since they know it would be a sound no . 
  i doubt it is . 
  also , why do the finns and the estonians have to pay to save an irish bank . 
  furthermore , if you make a bank save , you make sure you get collateral . 
  the ez have made the most moronic bank save ever - just handed over money . 
  basically they have made banking risk free - something it should n't be . 
  what happens if a bank makes mistakes in the ez ? 
  they get free money , from other countries tax payers nevertheless . 
  it depends on how you save the . 
  and nationalised banks does n't have to be bad , i fact i 'd say it was good . 
  read about sweden 's bank save in the 90 's , it was good in several ways . 
  first , the banks got to understand that if they did n't behave it would cost then ownership and freedom . 
  second , sweden actually made money from the deal , first as owner , then as selling the shares again . 
  so , if you want to do a bank save , why do you choose the moronic way ? 
  furthermore , if each country save their own banks , there would n't be as much uproar + that countries like estonia , the poorest member of the ez would have to pay , or the finns , who 's banks has very low exposure towards southern europe . 
  why should they pay for other countries banks ? 
  well , is n't it better for him to bail out german banks then , the germans have more control over them . 
  and , the other can bail out their banks , and/or borrow money for it if needed . 
  well , we are not democratic now , and are becoming less and less so . 
  also , for it to be democratic , it has to be from the people , to the people - do n't you agree ? 
  it has to have huge popular support and not be something only the elite wants . 
  do you think we have that now ? 
  we are even heading away from it , so if you want it to be democratic , you will have to wait - do n't you agree ? 
  yes , i agree . 
  it is all done from above . 
  even now , they do not dare to let people vote about stuff , because the people might vote `` wrong '' . 
  it is so bizarre , as if they are right . 
  i have several reasons but one is purely emotional ( in fact , i bet all of us only have emotional reasons , then we are just trying to find the arguments that support it ) . 
  i am a swede and a european , whether the eu exists or not . 
  the eu holds no emotional weight for me , not at all . 
  i guess i survive being in a trade union , but i do not understand this restless need to become a united states of europe , some federal superstate . 
  we are not americans , nor will the eu be a new us . 
  why someone would want to build this unemotional superstate is beyond me . 
  it is a project thought out by the elite , not by those who matters - the people . 
  at the end of the day i am a woman , sister , swede , daughter , scientist , friend , european and probably a lot of more things . 
  i am however not a eupean , nor do i ever want to become one . 
  is denmark in a recession ? 
  but they are to big to bail out ... . . 
  so , what you arguing about then ?
