  if it had n't been racist i 'd call you a typical american , but that is wrong , not all of you are stupid , although you are a stereotype of an ignorant asshole . 
  but from what i have heard that is not true . 
  do you want statistics about the immigrants in sweden and how much/little they contribute ? 
  if i show you that , will you then admit that you are wrong ? 
  if i show the report that says that immigrants are overrepresented among crimes - will you then say you are wrong . 
  or are you just one of those trolls who insults people but are to much of a coward to back it up or stay in the thread . 
  so , what are you ? 
  thank you for your answers . 
  if you came to greece you should stay in greece and follow the rules of the greek authorithies !, 
  so , you come to the eu - and the * first thing you did was ignore the law and go `` asylum shopping '' . 
  which is exactly why we had the law in the first place , to prevent that . 
  so , do you think we should let everyone stay who ignores the law or just you ? 
  did you think we should let liars stay ? 
  95 % of the people who seek asylum ditch their papers - did you ? 
  why are you so special that you do not have to follow the law ? 
  so , what other laws can asylum seekers decide to ignore ? 
  should n't people be punished for ignoring the law ? 
  and - most syrians come here because they get a better deal . 
  they go asylum shopping . 
  should n't europeans wish on the non asylum shopping be respected by the asylum seekers ? 
  what right does asylum seekers have to disrespect european laws ? 
   for why you should support people that come here , i do n't know either . 
  i 'm only 19 years old and 18 when i took the journey . 
  i do n't know enough to answer you , but would thank you for what you 've done so far . 
  we have to support most people who comes here , so that answer is not enough . 
  why do n't your countrymen work more?if you have family here - are they all working ? 
  do you think we should let people stay who do not contribute or should we throw them out ? 
  and - 19 is not to young to work , which you know . 
  i however applaud your campaing . 
  what are we suppose to do with the violent muslims you told me about ? 
   i 'm from syria , and the problem is that islam implies laws and rules against homosexuality and changing gender . 
  most syrians are muslims , and a lot of them are strongly attached to their religion , i used to be one , not anymore . 
  so , have you left the faith publically ? 
  otherwise you are part of a homofophobic , non equal organisation . 
  do you think we should let people in who are part of homophobic non equal organisations ? 
  so , should they be allowed to stay - yes or no ? 
  or , should we just allow them to stay until the war is over ? 
   for those who are not working or contributing they wo n't get help from the swedish government after two years of their arrival , ie they will end up on the streets if they do n't work , not true , a majority of the people from middle east do not contribute and live off the government.and , the most certainly are fed , housed etc. 
  maybe , with the possible exception of iranians who choose education and integration . 
  iranians might add to the budget , instead of draining it . 
  so , what , in detail should we do with the people who live off our backs ? 
  what would make syrians for example start to work ? 
  stop being homophobes ? 
   for why you should support people that come here , i do n't know either . 
  i 'm only 19 years old and 18 when i took the journey . 
  i do n't know enough to answer you , but would thank you for what you 've done so far . 
  so - are you ok with no money , living in the street etc ? 
  particularely when it goes down to - 20 degrees ? 
  paying for yourself ? 
  paying for your healthcare , paying for school ? 
  because otherwise you are saying that i should pay for you . 
  you are not very likely to build your own house and pay for your food - are you ? 
  so , you have to have a better answer than `` i do not know '' . 
  i think you are being honest in the sense that you are saying you want to contribute . 
  i however , doubt that you will . 
  most people say that , most people do not . 
  and , it is scary that you have no solution to a problem you are actually a part of , yet you require to stay . 
  if you want to stay you should have an answer as to why i am currently paying for you , and your countrymen . 
  what should we do with people from your country ( for example ) who do not contribute , who are unequal , lie to the authorithies , homophobes or criminals ? 
  i think a person who wants to stay should be able to answer that question . 
  and - it is telling that you ca n't . 
  and sad . 
  btw , if you came to italy , there is where you should seek asylum according to dublin . 
  why are you in sweden ? 
  why are you not answering my questions ? 
  i do not think that you are working . 
  i think you are lying about that , or you would have answered me . 
  i think i am paying for you . 
  why should i pay for you , while you sit here and browse reddit . 
  oh , i like the attention . 
  are you taking the bet ? 
  good to hear . 
  so you have left your religion ? 
  cool !, 
  i think it extremely problematic that a majority of the people we take in are against lgbtq-rights , women rights and part of homofobic unequal organisations . 
  and , you are still not answering my questions . 
  are you afraid to . 
  what , in detail , are you doing to support sweden and what are you working with and contributing to society with ? 
  where are you from ? 
  do you think we should take in people that are against lgbtq-rights , or people who are not working or contributing ? 
  what should we do with the over representation of criminals from immigrants ? 
  why should i support people that come here and do not contribute ? 
  notice how you complain about r/sweden , i complain about sweden . 
  that is quite a different outlook we have , you are a narrowminded person who thinks anyone who does n't agree with you is a right wing populist . 
  and your world view is sweddit . 
  mine is sweden ... 
  but please , continue to blame me for the 13 % of sd . 
  as i have told you , and will tell you again - you are the best worker for sd that they can find . 
  please , let us make a bet in case of re-election . 
  i will bet for increase of sd - are you willing to take that bet ? 
  and , nice to know that you are following me around . 
  i will now tag you . 
  thanks . 
  i agree , and that is not limited to immigration . 
  uncomfortable truths and discussions are everywhere , and i think we are not gaining anything by not discussing issues . 
  frankly , if one has good arguments one should welcome a discussion . 
  that is for example why the green party loves any discussion about the climate or environment . 
  and why religious people suck at discussions . 
  thankfully that is slowly changing . 
  it is not illegal to hate lgbtq - people or have organisations that work against their rights .
