  honestly , i feel for you , but there as you can understand - i do not want to join in . 
  i see what you have - and i do not want it . 
  in the end , that is the best argument for us outside the euro , and the worst for you inside . 
   one thing the eu can offer is standardisation , making trade easier , cheaper products with uniform quality standards , etc. 
  this also inculdes the common currency , even though it has serious flaws . 
  serious flaws - that is an understatement . 
  i like having our own currency . 
  i personally also believe our central bank looks out for the swedish economy much much better than the ecb . 
  also , ecb has also shown that they are not interested in following rules , laws and regulations . 
  i absolutely ** refuse ** to have anything to do with a central bank that do not care about the law . 
  that is extremely unsafe and i think we are better off with a central bank that respect its mission ( for example , you know that they are not supposed to support individual countries , but they do that all the time ) . 
  do n't you ? 
  as for standardisation and treaties - one can get that anyway , a.k.a as `` lex norway '' . 
   true . 
  but following that logic , you should want that your village/city gets independent as well , because you have more influence on your communal policy makers than on the swedish parliament . 
  i really like communal politics , but they are no substitution for nationwide rules . 
  in a very similar way , eu-wide decisions , made by the european parliament , can be complementary to nationwide decisions . 
  no , that is not necessary the case , not at all . 
  i have never said i needed to go down to the smallest community , just that i do not want to be part of the `` eu federation '' . 
  i am fine with my village/city and how the regions are made up in sweden . 
  i am not fine with how it is made in the eu . 
  also , i am one of 9 million , in the eu i am one by 380 million ( i believe ) . 
  obviously , the deal is better for me here . 
  and , less corrupt , which is a huge deal for me personally . 
  honestly , the eurozone seem to have missed the most important point . 
  * it is supposed to be beneficial to be in a currency union * . 
  it is supposed to be desirable . 
  nobody seems to remember that . 
  it seems like everyone is so used to depression and moronic desciscions that it seems to have slipped away . 
  and , frankly - you need to change . 
  not us , not us on the outside - the eurozone . 
  personally i think it would be better to break up , but if you want a federation with permanent transfers , that is obviously your deciscion . 
  however , i do not understand how you are going to afford it . 
  and , i am happy as long as we stay out of it . 
  also , for the eu . 
  i am not even sure i want to be in the eu at all , and the points you are showing me are really not very strong at all . 
  however , since it is not costing * to * much yet , i can live with it . 
  however , do n't you agree - it is supposed to be something attractive , not something you have to convince me to even stay in . 
  good unions do not have to do that . 
   this continent is probably going to be very important in the near future , particularly for europe . 
  but , the un is not for europe , or africa . 
  the un is supposed to serve the * whole * world , and then , demanding that french should be spoken is ridicoulous - i do not see how you can defend that . 
  i honestly do not even understand why france is in the security council . 
  as for a lot of countries in africa having french as a second language , yes , but more have english , and ( almost ) the whole of central and south america speak spanish . 
  and , since the un is supposed to serve the whole world , i would say that arabic would be a lot better , it is the lingua france for a lot of people , even many of those who speaks french in africa plus the whole middle east , as well as many muslims elsewhere learns it . 
  or chinese that is spoken by over a billion , or hindu . 
  i am sorry , french , i do not think the economist are writing this because they are on a personal vendetta . 
  a lot of people feel like i do , or the economist . 
  why ca n't the french accept that ? 
  i do not agree with those example that you wrote , as in i agree with you that the maastrich treaty should n't be broken , the cap reformed etc. 
  but you are working under the assumption that a huge federation is necessarily the best for the citizisens . 
  do you have any proof for that ? 
  as a swede , what i can tell you is that my voice , no matter the structure , will be less heard in the eu . 
  the eu is also more corrupt than sweden , so i can also make the assumption that more of my tax money will be lost to corruption . 
  plus , for working integration in the eu to occur , a * lot * more of my tax money has to be sent abroad . 
  i do not feel that intimate with people that i want to send for example 20 % of my tax money ( or is it more , how much is it in the us or example that goes to federal taxes ) to other countries , just because `` we are all europeans '' . 
  fuck it , we are all humans , if i have to do it , i 'd rather send it to people who are truly suffering , not to someone who chooses berlusconi every time they vote . 
  i also have no problems what so ever to say that i think my government ( current and former ) seems more competent than most of the eu 's to deal with crises , not to cave in to banks , balance a budget etc. 
  also , the last decade of the eu has proven , beyond any doubt , that the absolute majority of the people in the eurozone ( who are the biggest block ) do not care , in any way , about following rules , laws and regulations . 
  i do not want to integrate deeper with people like that , where one has to use threats just to make them follow rules that they have already signed . 
  you do not seem to understand - a union is something that is supposed to be good , not something you have to force people in , or force them to follow rules . 
  then there is no union . 
  you might say - stop being swedish , think of the eu . 
  but why ? 
  what can you offer me ? 
  i like my identity , and i , above all , am very sure that my voice is more heard now , and i am much better at influencing issues i care about now . 
  so , as i see it - if you want to integrate in the eurozone - please do , but leave us out of it . 
  frankly , i do not see any of you doing that either . 
  send half of your gdp south then , if you want it so bad , but i hardly see that happening . 
  above all , let us vote about deeper integration . 
  do n't you think ? 
   true , but the article points out that the core of the problem is the lack of a strong and democratic central authority . 
  no , the core of the * eurozone 's problem * . 
  the housing bubble in sweden is not due to the lack of a strong and democratic central authority , nor us the recession in spain or the poverty in romania . 
  in fact , one can very well argue that a strong eu and authorian eu might not be ideal , for a lot of reasons . 
  ok , why should people learn french in the un ? 
  why should it be one of the official languages ? 
  convince me , i am not from the uk , btw , but i agree with the economist . 
  to me it sounds like you refuse to accept a rational message , just because you do not like the messenger . 
  if the economist for example critisiced some economics policy of france , would you dismiss that too , even if they were right , just because you do not like the magazine ? 
  that seems childish of you . 
  can you only agree with critiscism if it comes from some newspaper or magazine that you like ? 
  but all the problems they are mentioning are ez problem . 
  they are not mentioning the poverty in romania , the housing bubble in sweden or the recession in the uk . 
  do n't blame the eu for what is nations problems , or the eurozone . 
  but they ca n't , nor do i see them making an effort to meddle in greece 's trouble , spain 's housing bubble etc. 
  honestly , the brits have enough going on without the eurozone . 
  do n't blame any of the goings in the ez on them , just because you might not like how they solve their financial issues . 
  the british do not have anything to do with the euro . 
  you can not blame the deciscions of the eurozone on the uk . 
  yes , it would be very interesting to see and follow the difference . 
   nothing constructive at all . 
  true , unfortunately that is todays media . 
  what worries me about the fishing labels , is that they mislabel fish that is not supposed to be fished at all or fished in small quanteties . 
  perhaps they mislabel fish so that they get the msc label ( marine stewardship council ) without having earned it . 
  i am at leat attempting to make eco friendly choices when i buy fish , and if they mislabel it , they remove my chances of that , and i might , unwillingly and unknowingly support non sustainable fishing practises . 
  anther issues , at least for us up north is that fertile women and female children should not eat to much of fishes from the baltic sea . 
  what if they mislabel that too ? 
  exactly , and we will be back where we started . 
  no one follows or even cares about the rules .
