  maybe there 's something wrong with their methodology or something . 
  if you look at the chart , the electronics were the closest to germany . 
  however , when you are talking about prices in a country , electronics are just one components of many . 
  food , electricity etc are other stuff you weigh in . 
   i just did . 
  no , you said i was wrong , you did n't prove me wrong . 
  i mean prove me wrong with real , true , verifiable facts , not anecdotal evidence . 
  anecdotal evidence is not proof , it is just a story . 
  link to another reputable source would do , for example . 
   you say that euro lacks flexibility , yet you want fiscal union . 
  i have cognitive dissonance reading such demands . 
  well perhaps i did n't express myself clearly enough . 
  i am saying to have a good/working currency union , one needs to have a fiscal/banking/transfer ( etc ) union as well . 
  my point was that the euro does n't have that , and that makes it a very dysfunctional union . 
  i am not saying that the eurocountries should start a fiscal union , in fact i do n't think so , at the moment . 
  besides , it is up to them . 
  but , in the future , * if * they actually want the euro to work somewhat , that is what they are going to need . 
  but , as long as you do n't fix that , the euro will be very , very imperfect . 
  i think that perhaps a lot of countries should drop out , and the euro should be a smaller , more `` exclusive '' club . 
  in due time , they could start fiscal/bank/transfer etc integration . 
  above all , i do n't think anything should happen without the people of europe having a chance to have a say in popular votes . 
   i do n't think that euro caused greek crisis . 
  i do n't see any evidence for that claim . 
  you do realise by saying that , you are blaming the whole greek crises on solely the greeks ? 
  second , what is your opinion on spain and ireland then ? 
  are they solely all responsible ( or perhaps irresponsible ) too as well ? 
  nothing to do with the construion of the euro , at all , is that what you are saying ? 
  what sort of evicence do you want ? 
  the * average * loss of internal competitiveness was ** 20-30 % ** in the giips countries between 1999-2008 . 
  that is huge . 
  particularely for countries that do not have such high and diversified industry as germany , as for example greece , that is a lot . 
  at the same time , the prices increased , so several of their core industy suffered . 
  that happened , not because the greeks were lazy and irresponsible , which people claim , but because that is what happens when you enter a ( imperfect ) currency union . 
  also , instead of being able to fight the problem they are in now with use of their interest rate , or , during desperate times , devaluation , the greeks are forced to internal devaluation , lowering the salaries , unfortunately , the prices are not going down . 
  also , while a budget deficit is not good , in the long run , it can certainly be argued for having one , for a few years , when the going gets tough , to stimulate the economy , keep people on their feet etc. 
  greece ca n't do that . 
  nor can they change the monetary policy in any way . 
  to that , add humiliating treatment , and the demand of counterproductive measurements and you have a perfect storm . 
  i am surprised you are blaming all of that on the greeks , and frankly , i do n't see how you can . 
  for sure , the greek politicians are corrupt as fuck , the overspending was vast , the borrowing was out of control etc , and they most certainly needed to sanitate their economy , be yelled at and do true cut - backs , but that does n't explain the whole crash , or everything that is happening now . 
  ca n't you see that a lot of the things that are happening in greece is also happening in spain ? 
  and * their * economy was doing if not great , at least fine . 
  they were not overspending , paying off debt etc. 
  sure , the housing boom , but that does n't explain the total collapse , for years , and the unemployment numbers that are out of control . 
  also , ca n't you see that the real interest rate was too low for countries like spain/portugal/greece , since their economy is so different from germany ? 
  ca n't you also see that it is connected to the loss of competitivness , loss of monetary control , and internal devaluation ? 
  otherwise , it is all * just * their fault , and i do not believe that . 
  what ? 
  the eurostat is a trusted source . . what you are asking of me is that i go to poland , and germany and make my own investigation . 
  that is rather a lot do n't you think ? 
  i have posted information from what is known as a reliable source . 
  why do n't you prove me wrong instead ? 
  if it is bullshit , it should be easy for you to prove , should n't it ? 
  you still have no arguments you know , you are just attacking my english . 
  i know that personal attacks is what one does when you have no true arguments , and you are a prime example of that . 
  so , still no facts from you ... 
   since then , food prices in poland grew by about 30 % , with many months having year-to-year increases of 10 % . 
  i honestly ca n't see that . 
  then eurostat is totally wrong , and i am sorry , i do not believe that . 
  it might be so in your area , but as a whole , that has not happened . 
  i found [ these numbers ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/index.php/comparative_price_levels_of_consumer_goods_and_services ) from 2011 ( 2012 are not out yet i assume ) and your prices were * down * compared to the eu average , you are now 60/100 when it comes to food , 69/100 when it comes to gas and electricity . 
  in electrical appliances you are the closest to the * average * , 89/100 . 
  so , either eurostat is lying or you have the wrong impression . 
  perhaps you live in a border town or something where it is more expensive , but as a whole , poland is way cheaper . 
  that will slowly disappear when you join the euro . 
  true , you will also get higher salaries , but if you are not as competitive as the germans you will have really high unemployment . 
  that , with higher food prices , is what is happening in a lot of giips countries now . 
  and , since the governments in those countries ca n't ( unlike poland ) use the interest rate , they have to push down the salaries somewhat . 
  so , what they are stuck with in a lot of giips countries is higher prices/lower ability to compete/high unemployment . 
  that is not where one wants to be . 
  i am not saying that it would happen to poland , but i can guarantee the higher prices , and the complete lack of control over your interest rate/budget deficit/monetary politics etc and competing at the same level as with the germans . 
  hope you are up to it , because otherwise it is not that much fun . 
   looking at that chart , we are around 10 % above germany in terms of food prices , and i know electronics and clothing are on par . 
  wages are four times smalle where are you looking ? 
  if you look at the statistic , for food , poland has the number 63 ( in yellow ) . 
  germany has 106 and the eu average is 100 . 
  you are way below the average when it comes to food it will be hard for you when the prices goes up a lot , i believe . 
  they will not stay down , but as you say , the salaries will rise too . 
  are you sure you are competitive enough then to compete with germany etc , because that is what you have to do , if you are going to have those salaries ? 
  perhaps i am misunderstanding , are you saying they are already high , so they will not go up ? 
  i believe they will . 
  i do n't think that is at odds with what you are saying , but if they are already high , they will not go up a lot . 
  if you are a really expensive country , they should in theory go down , but that has n't really happened in the euro area . 
   clothes , food , electronics , cars , fuel etc , food as well ? 
  you are way below the eu average . 
  [ link ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/index.php/comparative_price_levels_for_food,_beverages_and_tobacco ) . 
  that will most certainly change , in due time when you join . 
  same with electricity , etc. 
  if you look at any currency union , that is what is supposed to happen ( or go down , but that is not really the case in poland since you are still calculated as a `` low price country '' . 
  also , while imported goods might be more expensive , as you correctly mentions , you still have the ability to export cheaper , and to buy cheap polish products . 
  that will now be gone , and perhaps your industry is competitive enough , but i would be worried . 
  that was one of the breaking points for argentina if i remember correctly . 
  the prices went up so much after pegging it to the usd , that it became cheaper to buy meat from the us . 
  if i am not misinformed , the same thing was/is happening in greece , it is cheaper to buy imported olive oil . 
  of course , that is the way the world/economy changes , and all countries have that , production moves to other countries , but if you are having the worst crises since , well , since wwii or dictatorship , it is rather humiliating i imagine . 
   do n't you hate it when your wages go up ? 
  but if they do not have the competitivness for it ( poland might ) there will be the same internal devaluation that we see in the giips countries , and the unemployment rates that follows . 
  the same thing happened when east/west germany joined , but then west germany ( to some extent ) `` covered '' for eastern . 
  also , the prices will rise . 
  you might be so competitive that there is no risk of that happening in poland , but i would be scared if my country did it .
