  scientific proofs , not just you talking out of you ass . 
  you are just like any wolf hater out there - ignorant and talking out of your ass . 
  science denier . 
   in fact , i asked you questions . 
  and i answered them !, 
  you however said they were * anecdotal * i then gave you links , and * asked * what sort of links you wanted to prove my claims . 
  you * choose * not to answer , because you did n't want my claims to be right . 
  i also asked * you * to provide proof for your claims , that you did n't . 
   rammar , logic , rhetoric . 
  science . 
  i posted links . 
  you disputed them , said they were anecdotal , or did n't answer . 
  i offered science links , you did n't answer . 
   yet , you seemed hell bent on insisting that i have a debate with you . 
  if you say that my claims are anecdotal and refuse to answer what links you want , . 
  you are not being serious . 
  nor are you being serious when * you * claim that i am mad , since i want to know the definition of an area . 
  why did you call me that ? 
  i * clearly * explained that it had to do with the sami situation ( which you do not seem to know anything about ) . 
  so , stop calling me names , say what links you want from me to prove my claim ( for example , if you call something anecdotal and i prove that it is n't , you are wrong and i am right btw ) . i am waiting - what of my * anecdotal * claims do you want me to prove ? 
  everything i have said is correct and i can prove it . 
   i take the time to have a discussion with you and this is what you take from it ? 
  you are an ass yes , because you do not link , you do not answer question , and you are insulting . 
   i think its a great idea to re-introduce wolves , but your arrogant and silly take on the issue does more harm than good to have a reasonable debate . 
  the fact that you write `` re-introduce '' wolves says how little you know . 
  they are not re-introduced . 
   but your arrogant and silly take on the issue does more harm than good to have a reasonable debate . 
  you do n't know the first thing about the wolf debate in sweden , and your ignorance is getting painfully obvious in everything you write . 
  you did n't even know about the sami issue before , the number of hunters etc it is one thing having a debate . 
  it is another thing when one person ( you ) instead of actively try to * educate * himself on the issue just argues again and again with arguments that are so ignorant that it is almost painful to read them . 
  you have proved that you have no problem arguing over and over again about something you know so little about that it is pathetic . 
  now i know that for the future . 
  sweden is not centuries old ? 
  or sweden has no political boundaries ? 
  i do n't think you understand english very well . 
  that 's fine . 
  as i linked to - the sami land is not following our centuries old landscape definition . 
  that is why i asked , and i linked as well . 
  ** if ** you are interested in a serious debate , we of course * have * to include the sami !, 
  the fact that you do n't even know that , tells me how ignorant you are . 
   i never made such a claim . 
  you will not find me making such a claim anywhere in this debate . 
  you 're making stuff up and are riled up . 
  go eat some gravlax and settle down . 
   you take this stuff to seriously ... and i am seriously bored . 
  of course i do take it serious . 
  it is an important issue . 
  all your answers have jsut proven that you are very , very ignorant , and have no clue what you are talking about , and have not followed , nor are you even remotely aware of the wolf facts/debate in sweden . 
  i was waiting for a serious debate with someone who had serious input . 
  instead i get an ass who probably has never ever tracked a wolf and would just think it is a big dog , has no clue about trophic cascades , the swedish legal system , the sami , the swedish fauna , nor even about environmental issues . 
  you are just an ignorant ass who wants to argue but you could n't even back up your own ass . 
  for example , with regards to the `` area '' question . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.vk.se/775927/samebyarna-inga-vargar-i-renskotselomradet ) is an article about the sami protesting wolves in their area . 
  do you approve of that - no wolves in the sami area ? 
  do you even know that the area is 1/3 of sweden and they do not own it really ? 
  why should the sami receive special treatment . 
  ( you can read about the fact that there are no wolves in reindeer areas [ here ] ( http://www.samer.se/1180 ) as well of course ) . 
  when you now know why i questioned your definition of area , i am looking forward , a lot , to your answers to my questions . 
  i 'd like for you to give me as detailed answers as possible , preferably science articles . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nghozgbpemi ) btw is a lovely video about how the re-introduction of wolves changed the whole of yellowstone , in trophic cascades . 
   sweden is an old country . 
  there have been political boundaries for centuries . 
  areas are well defined and policy could certainly be well established within these boundaries without getting brussels involved . 
  no , not really , that is why i asked . 
  for example , the wolves are off limits in the sami area where they have their reindeers - that ban was introduced long after wwii . 
  and the sami areas is not adherent to our legally defined old areas . 
  and - brussels is not ( just ) getting involved becasue of the definition of legal areas . 
  and - about getting brussels involved , as i told you it was because after * decades * of trying to get the policy to change , but , to stay in the government ( as evident with the last election 2010 ) the centerpartiet always catered to the small , vocal minority of wolf haters . 
  again - a minority.why should minority decide over a majority ? 
  please answer all my other questions as well , in detail please . 
   u call me a coward ? 
  if i was in your midst i place a viking axe straight down the middle of your skull . 
  then i 'd drink mead from your hollowed out head . 
  so , answer all my questions then . 
  with links please . 
  i will of course do the same to you , since you claimed that everything i said was anecdotal . 
  i assume you can use google translate . 
  also , do you have access to academic journals ? 
  what sort of information do you want me to prove . 
  in detail , please , so i can give as detailed answer as possible ( and you can give me of course ) . 
   we do n't need wolves at all , humans have replaced them as the top-level natural predator . 
  no one misses them in the larger part of europe where they were extirpated . 
  as evident in the reintroduction of wovles in yellowstone , humans do not have the capacity of being a top predator in the same way a wolf can . 
  please look at this video and then explain * in detail * how you are going to fix that trophic cascade in sweden . 
  and when i say in detail i mean that - i have studied biology and would like for you to explain that with science . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nghozgbpemi ) . 
   the population of wolves should be kept at a reasonable level , so there would be enough of them for hunters , but not enough to cause any significant damage to deer , elks and domesticated animals . 
  what is the wolf supposed to eat if they ca n't eat elk , dear and roe ? 
  and why is more important that a few hundred thousand hunters get their than that we have a working proper fauna ? 
  why do n't you care about the fauna ? 
   no one misses them in the larger part of europe where they were extirpated . 
  wrong . 
  proof for that statement please , in particular with regards to sweden . 
  if greece was a good investment they would n't need to be bailed out . 
  see my other answer in the thread . 
  we have an inbreed wolf population that needs to increase . 
  the hunters arguments are that they will have a less animals to shoot - i and several other million swedes do n't give a shit about that . 
  wolves are part of our natural fauna and should be given priority . 
  if they eat elks so there are less elk for the hunters to shoot - so be it . 
  we need wolves in our fauna , it is a natural predator that one ca n't just dismiss and remove .
