  patriotism ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  if you think my opinions are flawed , why are you so scared of arguing . 
  then you should be able to argue , should n't you ? 
  but you ca n't , can you ? 
  instead you make stuff up and use racial slurs . 
  that is why you are such a coward . 
  argue , but you are so afraid of loosing karma em that you do not dare to . 
  instead you are this racist troll that makes stuff up . 
  instead of actually stating your position and argue for it , you just make stuff up . 
  buhuu , i might loose karma , buhuuu . 
  you could of course tell me what you want for your country , and why , and state your positition . 
  but that would be the adult thing to do , and you are not an adult , and you might loose karma . 
  buhuu , not loose karma , not loose karma . 
  it is relevant , americans think they have the right to do stuff that other people do not . 
  like invading countries and killing its peasants for example . 
  like guantanamo , like nsa , overthrowing governments in other countries , even democratically elected ones like allende , etc things they do not like if other people do to it to them , bizarrely enough . 
  double standards of course . 
  this women tried in austria but they made an investigation , and said a ) we did nothing wrong b ) fantasy sums like 20 millions do not work here . 
  so , of course she goes to an american court to whine and sue . 
  had it been another country , like my in sweden we would have said , `` no sorry , the austrians can handle this . 
  stop bring stupid and embarrass us and you 'll never see 20 million you fool '' . 
  but the americans , famous for not signing international deals and treaties , of course says that `` they '' will try it . 
  why ? 
  why do n't you trust austrian courts ? 
  i 'd like for you to write in detail what is wrong with the austrian justice system and why the women had been treated so unfairly that you have to take plot again ? 
  and of course , i 'd like for you then to bow down to other nations courts . 
  if you do something stupid and a court in another country sentences you to pay up , you will bow down and apologise and of course pay the fines . 
  lets start with guantanamo , shall we ? 
  how legal us that ? 
  what is the fine for a country that is doing something like that - not even following basic international law . 
  you still have n't given them a trial , nor have you treated them like enemy combatants . 
  and you want other countries to follow the law ? 
  i despise people like you . 
  no courage , spitting hate behind a name . 
  you are truly a looser . 
  so , why are you such a coward that you have several names ? 
  to afraid of the downvotes ? 
  no it is n't , and someone hiding behind a troll name should n't say anything . 
  why are you such a coward that you ca n't post in your own name ? 
  we both know that you follow me , you discuss at r/europe etc , but you are so afraid of downvotes that you will not discuss with me behind your troll persona . 
  stop being a coward . 
  statistically i 'd say go for canada , new zeeland , northern europe etc , but that is not what it is about . 
  it is about where you feel home , feel you have a future and a decent community . 
  i expect it can feel like that in a lot of places , including the us where you are from . 
  so , where do you feel like that ? 
  but , i honestly do n't get it . 
  and it is frustrating :-) . 
  the italians i meet are not uneducated religious half wits but those you describe seem to be . 
  we have small villages to btw and people probably as uneducated . 
  but , even if you are from a small village , italy is still a well educated g7 country . 
  you have more resources than most , i see no reason at all why you and other countries can not fight this or why italian supermarket has to sell antibiotics . 
  you are not the only country in the world with commercial interests either btw , so that is no reason . 
  you have doctors and scientists too i believe . 
  it is so frustrating feeling like you fight a fight on your own , or almost . 
  i mean , if you want to kill and ruin yourself , go ahead but do not dare spread it to us . 
  i had an ear infection recently and they do n't even give you medicine for that , despite it being a bacterial infection , since it heal about as fast without antibiotics . 
  yes , it is true , studies have been made . 
  and i have doctors in my family . 
  my nieces and nephews have never had antibiotics actually , children rarely get them unless really sick . 
  and then other countries with more resources just choose not to give a damn a fuck up for all of us . 
  i hate that . 
  but cold comes from viruses . 
  i mean italians must know that and how meaningless it is to use antibiotics against a virus ? 
  is that truly normal not to know that ? 
  to me that is basic general knowledge , like knowing evolution or the capital of india . 
  how can one even want an antibiotic for a virus ? 
  it is like wanting ones appendix to be removed for a knee injury ? 
  italians are not stupid or uneducated - why take antibiotics ? 
  well , if you do n't care it is one thing if you kept it in italy but your strains are spreading to us who do care and who are actively working against it . 
  and frankly italy is a g7 country , it is not like you do n't have the funds or the education . 
  so why do n't you start to act ? 
  you really ca n't help yourself , you have to whine , do n't you ? 
  well , since you are so slow , that you have n't figured out the difference between sweden and finland , i think i have to repeat myself a hundred times before you get it . 
  and see , you are still whining , now about me . 
  you can not help yourself , can you ? 
  as i 've said , you could whine for france, 
  it is you . 
  buhuu , do not say the french . 
  that is you . 
  `` do not say the french '' . 
  `` i do not know the difference between sweden and finland , between the eurozone and the eu , but do n't you dare say the french . 
  i can say the brits , the americans etc , but no one can say the french , even if it is true . 
  go away stupid norwegian/icelander or whatever you are . 
  this is fun . 
  the fact that you are so uneducated and whiny makes you an easy target for impersonating you.almost makes me feel a bit bad , but then i remember that i dislike whiiners . 
  so , go and learn the difference between sweden and finland , and after that month , we can speak again . 
  i did n't read this one . 
  i know it is just going to be whine , whine , whine , from a person who does n't even know the difference between sweden and finland , the eurozone and the european union . 
   you were the first to say `` when i reach adulthood '' , and you keep saying i 'm whining although you 're obviously the only one in full blown out rage-mode here . 
  no , i am just trying to see just how whiny and ignorant you are . 
  the fact that you do not know the difference between the european union and the eurozone tells me you are enormously stupid . 
   now i 'm just thinking you 're trolling . 
  i did n't even read past your second sentence . 
  i assumed you were trolling at first because no one could be as whiny and take something as innocent as the comment `` the french '' so personal , but i was wrong . 
  you are the whiniest troll i have ever met , and you could whine for france . 
  then you could say `` we won '' , which you one ca n't use otherwise , according to you if one have n't won personally . 
  now you are making an assumption , that i am little and a boy . 
  if i were you i 'd whine about it and post a gazillion times about how bad you make me feel , buhu , buhu , buhu . 
  but since i am not a whining frenchmen like you , i do n't .
