  i find it is easier for me when i think of the interest rate as a risk , instead of a number . 
  then the changes in the markets becomes more undestandable to me . 
   how can we do that without a clear majority in parliament ? 
  so , why are you not electing someone with a clear majority that will tackle those things . 
  you had one , but apparently you do not like reforms , nor honest politicians so you decided to vote him away . 
  how can it be anyone else 's fault ? 
  it is you who elect idiots , not us . 
   the problems stem from not continuing along that line . 
  so , why do n't you ? 
  what on earth is stopping the italians from reforming ? 
   i 'm not denying that the italian interest rate is kept low by the risk being potentially shouldered by other tax payers . 
  i 'm denying that italian interest rate is kept low by money that has been forked out by the ecb with nothing in exchange . 
  you do not seem to realise , that the fact that the germans/finns etc are shouldering the italian risk ( without the italians doing any real changes ) means that the * german * interest rate is higher than it should be , since it is the * total * risk calculated . 
  that means , that every loan , any german takes , is more expensive , due to the * italians * . 
  even if we are just talking hundreds here ( example , interest rate 1,77 instead of 1,75 ) we are talking * billions and billions * of euros . 
  think about another currency union , the us . 
  if every state had the productivity of california , due you think the interest rate of the fed would go up or down ? 
  down , of course , since california in itself is the 20th largest economy in the world . 
  however , the feds interest rate gets calculated including mississippi/tennesse etc. 
  so , the californians pay more than they should , due to non productive states . 
  it is the same in the eurozone . 
  however , in the us at least , they can demand and implement reforms to a much higher level from the federal government . 
  it is the same with the ecb . 
  the * total * interest rate is higher than it should be for the finns/dutch etc , just because they have to include the italians in it . 
  the italians answer this by basically giving the ez the finger and electing a clown and berlusconi . 
  every day you do not reform , a finn is paying higher mortage on his house , than he should . 
  do you think it is fair ? 
  honestly , you do not seem to know a lot about interest rates . 
  the fact is , that the italian behaviour is costing the rest of the ez countries billions of euros . 
  how can you justify that , and how can you even deny that it is happening ? 
   and you can not really deny that northern countries can only benefit from weaker southern europe . 
  i can , and i just did . 
  the costs are higher for them too , just because they have to shoulder the risk , as in having a higher interest rate . 
  and , they have to transfer money to the south ( not italy though , not yet ) . 
  and , which is a whole different discussion , i personally think the euro , in itself , is extremely imperfect and wrongly constructed . 
  it is not a working currency union , not at all . 
  i think a lot of countries should leave , and that it should be reconstructed , or dismantled in the whole . 
  and , also with regards to the cost - right now it is costing greece/portugal/spain / ireland more , but in the end * no one * benefits from an extremely incorrectly constructed union . 
  everyone looses . 
   true , but -15 % is not a bad feat , especially starting from really bad deficit/gdp rates . 
  spain , greece , ireland etc - all were growing then . 
  the important thing is - did you actuall try to invest in the future then . 
  do those important structural reforms , etc ? 
   they are kind of interested . 
  berlusconi lost almost half of the votes ( numerically ; a bit less in percentages ) , and votes for grillo are not for his agenda but just from the perception that everyone is the same among the politicians and everything should change i do not really understand what you mean by that . 
  from where i stand , you voted for a comedian and a corrupt slimeball . 
  what is more important , are anyone of them working towards a change ? 
  are anyone of them going to reform the tax system , lessen the corruption and please , start doing the structural reforms , italy is in so dire need of ? 
  from where i stand , italy has not voted for positive change . 
  if i am wrong , explain how please , and who is going to enforce that positive change . 
   are they ? 
  if we have absolutely zero problems renewing our debt , it 's because investors actually believe that the risk connected to our debt is in practice lower than what the interest rates say . 
  you have zero problems because the * ecb * is guaranteeing that investors will be paid back . 
  you see , people have much more faith in the ecb , who is not run by the italians , than italy , who is . 
  in effect , that means that other countries tax payers are shouldering your risk . 
  the minimum one could expect of the italians is that they would at least initiate the necessary reform , but they basically gave a finger to everyone else , saying that they are not interested . 
  but please , you do not seem to understand the fact that the italian interest rate is low just because * other countries tax payers are carrying the risk for you * , so here are some articles that explain that . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.voxeu.org/article/italy-spain-and-7-interest-rates ) is how the situation was before . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/financialcrisis/9428894/debt-crisis-mario-draghi-pledges-to-do-whatever-it-takes-to-save-euro.html ) is mario draghis `` whatever it takes '' speech , that * immediately * lowered the interest rates of italy and spain . 
  was that because the investors knew that the italians would now be commited to end corruption , do structural changes etc ? 
  no , of course not - they knew that the german were the guarantee , not the italians - that is why the interest rates sunk . 
  if i am wrong , i 'd like links and explanations as to why . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/financialcrisis/9514153/debt-crisis-oecd-backs-plans-for-ecb-bond-market-intervention.html ) is about the ecb bond buying plan . 
  germans quit over that plan . 
  do you think they did it becasue a ) they are being stupid and do n't like italians or b ) because they know that shouldering someones elses debt , carrying their interest rate and laying out a plan for bond buying carries * real * costs for the tax payers . 
  it actually does n't matter whether the bonds are bought or not , the costs begin the second they take on the italian risk . 
  you claim that is not so . 
  i 'd like links and explanation to why you claim this . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.voxeu.org/article/ecb-no-free-lunch ) is an interesting column about why the italians should clean up their act ( which they are not doing ) not really about the support from the ecb ( it is a bit to early for that ) , but still , i mentioned it because it is written by an italian to , and shows the italian 2 - year spread . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fe833cfe-8015-11e2-adbd-00144feabdc0.html#axzz2njk7u9jt ) is about the predictament the italian voters put themselves and the rest of the eurozone tax payers in . 
  instead of denying the fact that the italian interest rate is being kept artificially low by other countries , i would like for you to link me to articles in respectable journals and newspapers that back up your claim . 
  also , explain in detail why i am wrong . 
  i have not read a lot , but about three semesters of economics , so i am familiar with the basics . 
  i am starting to get tired of you denying it the fact that the italian interest rate is kept low by other tax payers , without backing it up . 
  i can access all major scientific journals , as well as major newspapers and magazines of course , and i speak english/german and of course the scandinavian languages . 
  interest rate reflects risk . 
  that is why the interest rate is higher for uganda , than for finland . 
  those investors buying ugandian bonds , take a higher risk , than those buying finnish bonds . 
  it is also why the greek interest rate is higher than the dutch - people think they are more likely to get their money back from the dutch and take a lower risk . 
  also the reason why you and i probably pay more interest than bill gates , were we to borrow money . 
  the lenders ( banks ) take more of a risk with us , than with bill gates . 
  however , our interest rate ( yours and mine ) would most definately fall if bill gates said - they are with us , i guarantee that they will pay back . 
  instead of 4 % , you and i would perhaps pay 2 % ( just making up the numbers now , of course ) . 
  that is exactly what has happened with the italian debt . 
  the italian interest rates were on the rise , then ecb went in and said - we are going to buy , unlimited amount of bonds , we are going to do everything we can to keep the italian interest rate down . 
  and - the italian rate went down . 
  but , do you think it went down because all of a sudden people believed that italy were actually going to start working on italy ? 
  of course not , it went down because the finns , austrian , germans , dutch , french agreed to shoulder the risk . 
  so , people still do not think they are more likely to get their money back from italy , but they do think it is likely that they will get it from the finns ... . thus , italy is being propped up , i.e. , the italian interest rates are being kept artificially low buy tax payers and guarantees from other countries . 
  if ecb left italy out to dry , the interest rate would be up , to a point where italy could n't handle it . 
  so , the italians got some breathing room , through the help of other countries tax payers . 
  do they use this breathing room to vote for someone who will start to deal with their huge problem ? 
  someone who will make the much needed structural reforms , deal with the corruption , tax evasion etc. 
  no , they do not . 
  instead they choose berlusconi and a clown , effectively saying to the other countries that we do not care that you are keeping us up , we are not in any hurry , whatsoever to fix this . 
  how come italians do not realise this ? 
  interest rate reflects risk . 
  that is why the interest rate is higher for uganda , than for finland . 
  those investors buying ugandian bonds , take a higher risk , than those buying finnish bonds . 
  it is also why the greek interest rate is higher than the dutch - people think they are more likely to get their money back from the dutch and take a lower risk .
