  same goes for you . 
  do you have proof they will collapse ? 
   it 's not as if there had n't been any changes over the past 30 years . 
  for example , farmers do n't get the guaranteed prices anymore that had resulted in the overproduction of e.g. , butter and milk . 
  hmm - if the eu budget still gives 44 % to the cap and very industrialised g7 nations as italy and france are the top receivers , * and have been for the last 30 years * i really , really wonder if we have developed , at all . 
  apparently it is not working , at all , since they have had plenty of time to change and develop , but have n't , but are not . 
  so , one  and no , inaction in the past does n't mean we can simply disregard consequences of too sudden action today . 
  it could be better to cut a lot of subsidies and let them swim of their own ? 
  i mean , should we support g7 countries development for another 30 years ? 
  it is clearly not working , at all , and asking the tax payers to keep on paying , for not only 7 more years , but what will be 7 more , is insulting , and a complete waste of money . 
  in the long run ( i mean , how much money are we going to give over how many decades to develop rural france ? 
  ) it could be better to cut it and let them sink , than to contiunue what is clearly not working - not at all ? 
  what other not working practise do you want to continue for far more than 7 more years , after trying it for 30 and it still does n't work ? 
  when is enough enough ? 
  why is there not even a plan ? 
   this includes wine regions with their tourism industry , where you might well be right that it should be up to the national governments to preserve them in the long run . 
  or , the health damage that comes through alcohol - what is the cost for that ? 
  besides , the cap is not there to support the * tourist industy * . 
  if that is the argument , there are other funds for that . 
  so , based on that - cut it . 
  what about tobacco ? 
  why are we funding that ? 
  some of it , not all , by any means . 
  anyway , if the rural development have n't worked in the last 30 years ( or is it 40 or 50 ) since apparently g7 countries like france and italy has been receiving so much money , and still do - then all of it should be moved . 
  i mean , why have n't they developed ? 
  they have been receiving money for it for decades ? 
  small rural communities should not fall under the cap , they fall under rural development . 
  second - one of the biggest , if not the biggest recipient is france , a g7 country , very industrialised . 
  apart from the fact that i doubt that they will collapse , i do not understand why they have n't been working on it since the 80 's ? 
  if they have fixed it in 30 years , should we wait another 30 ? 
  for how long shall we pay for french rural communities ? 
  why ca n't they pay for it ? 
  never mind that the french are fighting less subsidies every step of the way . 
  furthermore - no argument to support wine or tobacco at all . 
  ok , thank you . 
  i thought they meant huge customers . 
  far , far better . 
  why not the owners of the bank ? 
  why not demand collateral from them ? 
  are we still subsidising tobacco and wine . 
  edit : apparently poland is fighting for sponsoring of tobacco . 
  this news is from today , but i have n't really understood if it was agreed or not , but i guess so , since the press release is against it . 
  ha , for those of us living in dark places with the app star walk , it 's amazing at night . 
  everything , even rap is fabulous in james mays voice . 
  it would be fun , particularly if one could make the tapes public . 
  ca n't we wiretap and spy on them too ? 
  the euro , which you do not seem to realise , is extremely incorrect constructed . 
  why in god 's name do you think the giips countries are in the state they are in ? 
  they are not all lazy corrupt bastards you know , but the fact is that the euro has destroyed their competitiveness . 
  if the eu were truly interested in fixing this , they would of course correct this . 
  it can however , never be corrected , which i am sure you agree with , without popular voting . 
  that is due to the fact that there would have to be enormous transfers , political integration , financial integration etc. 
  the cowardly thing is that the eu is not letting people vote or even attempt to build a structure . 
  instead they continuously break the law . 
  no democracy can be built without the law , and respect for it , yet you defend that . 
  why are you against re-negotiations for the ecb ? 
  if the people want bailouts , and a different treaty , they will say so . 
  if , not - do n't you think the democratic thing to follow what the people wants ? 
  or , for how long is the eu is going to be run without rules , with civil servants making deciscions they should n't ' - how can you call that a democracy . 
  the fact that we do not want to be part of a currency union that is not just imperfect , but plain idiotic ( please google optimal currency unions , you need some background ) do not make us pussies , it makes us independent . 
  btw , sweden is doing better than finland and some of it seems to be due to the euro . 
  i think it is chocking that you accuse innocent countries but ignore the real culprits . 
  who gave francethe right to break the rules ? 
  why in god 's name is greece in the euro ? 
  why is the eu whining about swedish snuff , while simultaneously spending billions of euros - against the law that we negotiated and signed . 
  above all , all these decisions are taken against what was decided , against the law . 
  that is not a show of respect for the citizens ( many of us voted for the maastricht treaty you know , who gave you the right to break it ) and above all , it is not democracy , it is the opposite . 
  how are you going to build anything if the law is not respected ? 
  if you look at us through history we have always been really poor , apart from a brief stint in the 17th century , and perhaps the vikings . 
  we were never enslave though . 
  we did n't become reasonable wealthy until 20th century and perhaps the build up for that started for scandinavia in the 19th , when we stopped fighting . 
  poor finland had it a bit rougher being part of russia for a while longer , and fought them too . 
  truly , your tone . 
  to much pussies ... i am surprised you have n't stomped your foot yet , but perhaps you have . 
  excuse me , internationally treaties are law . 
  furthermore , the ecb statue is statue that they should follow . 
  they are civil servants and just like other civil servants they should follow the law . 
  or do you think lawyers and accountants should be able to freely ignore the law too ? 
  so , there is a law , and it is not being followed , it is in fact being disobeyed . 
  what more , how do you expect anything to be followed when you ca n't even remotely trust the rules to be followed , or followed up . 
  have you no respect for the law ? 
  if greece do n't have to obey , and france apparently do not care about the rules , why should sweden ? 
  if rules are only there to satisfy the public , not to be followed - how * on earth * can you say that the eu is democratic ? 
  you might not know this , but democratic states have rules , and they respect them . 
  that us one of the signs of a democracy . 
  having no rules , openly ignoring those who have and avoiding punishment is not the sign of a democracy . 
  no , read the treaty and the rules of the ecb . 
  it very clearly states for example that a country should have no more debt/gdp than 60 % , etc. 
  ( convergence criteria ) . 
  furthermore , if one fails to follow the rules one should be fined . 
  oh , and greece should never have been let in the euro of course , neither should italy or belgium . 
  furthermore , it has clearly been stated that each country is responsible for their own debt , no other country should bail them out , that the ecb should not intervene on behalf of individual countries and a lot more - all these laws are regularly broken of course . 
  so , are you saying i am wrong ? 
  i am on my phone but i will happily bombard you with links tomorrow . 
  furthermore - if we have treaties , law and statues and they are not being followed , are we still ruled by law ? 
  if we are , as you claim , why are we bailing countries out ? 
  why are n't countries fined etc ? 
  furthermore , why have n't every single country had a say in the breaking of the laws ? 
  are you saying that i am wrong about this , that the maastricht criteria do n't exist etc i 'd say you have neither read the treaty or the ecb laws . 
  same here , 2000 sek .
