   qualitative measurement without basis . 
  everything could be said to be `` badly running '' . 
  how badly ? 
  why badly ? 
  where badly ? 
  how many examples do you want ? 
  the fact that no one follows the rules ?? 
  stuff like [ this ] ( http://www.france24.com/en/20140210-eurozone-banks-will-be-allowed-fail-regulator-tells-ft/ ) for example . 
  or , these articles ? 
  they do not write that about sweden you know ( although we have a housingbubble in waiting , but that is a breeze compared to the ez ) . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.dw.de/oecd-predicts-record-eurozone-unemployment-for-2014/a-16953636 ) . 
  we do not have record unemployment btw . 
  [ link 2 ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/economics-blog/2013/12/do-economists-ever-get-it-right ) . 
  [ link 3 ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-25976377 ) . 
  [ link 4 ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2013/03/why-the-euro-is-doomed-in-4-steps/274470/ ) [ link 5 ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/finance/jeremywarner/100025690/as-the-imfs-map-shows-its-so-much-warmer-outside-the-eurozone/ ) . 
  i can post a gazillion of these articles . 
  and most of them are not from idiotic eurohaters . 
  it is better being outside than inside . 
  if the eurozone is so good and working - why are you in crises ? 
  why are you having problems ? 
  [ link 4 ] ( while sweden has it problems , a housing bubble in waiting for one , we do not have this doom and gloom . 
  we are actually a strong and working economy . 
  and , we do not have to take care of greece 's debt for example  if it is so bad then why is sweden copy-pasting it so feverishly ? 
  sure , some things could get better . 
  why do you think it is impossible to fix these things ? 
  we are not . 
  you are talking about only the interest rate i assume ? 
  that is not even half of a currency union . 
  it is economics 101 that you need not only monetary integration ( like the ez ) but also political and financial intergration plus a different form of central bank . 
  plus , huge permanent transfers and shared debt . 
  sweden is politically , financially and monetary integrated with a far more freer central bank and we have permant transfers and shared debt as well . 
  honestly , if you do not know what a optimal , working currency union is , google it . 
  and , i recommend you to start reading the comments in / r/economics when it comes a euro/eurozone thread . 
   no one really can say for sure if that will happen . 
  can it happen ? 
  sure . 
  is it likely to happen over night ? 
  the likelihood is about as much as chances of moon escaping earth 's gravity overnight . 
  the fact that countries are willing , able and exercising bail-outs to fix or prolong the situation suggests that the situation can carry on or be fixed . 
  real doom and gloom happen when you can not go on anymore . 
  you do not seem to understand . 
  i explained what a working currency union need to have to work . 
  that is economic science , while not perfect ( no science is , in particular the social ones , but that does n't mean that they do not know what they are talking about ) . 
  if the eurzone do not have those things , and frankly , none of that is even in the pipeline so common sense it will dissolve . 
  the euro was a political project , not an economical one . 
  so , they did n't care about the science behind actually , and that shows . 
  or just the fact that they have a very bad currency union . 
  it is economics 101 . 
  if you do n't know , please google it . 
  to be a working currency union you do not  yes , but there is no such thing as free lunch anyway . 
  if you stay outside there is ... ...  r that one occasion when the crisis was so long and severe that it lasted about 10 years and for some meant almost instant poverty . 
  for some , it took entire lifetimes just to break even from the losses ... actually , it has been five years now , and no end in sight . 
  perhaps not the worst , i imagine for example that the losses after the black death was worse , but it is catastrophical . 
   well , many other countries that want to join european union disagrees . 
  sweden did n't want to join long before 2008 crisis and things following that . 
  lets not pretend that this is the sole and main reason for such opinion . 
  there probably are other things at play . 
  you are mixing up the european union and the eurozone . 
  you might not be aware of it , but it is a very common mistake among people who are pro euro . 
  they are two different things . 
  i 'd like to finish with a quote from our minister of finance , anders borg , when he was very pessimistic about the eurozone and the greek bailuot in 2009 ( remember , just one bailout ... ) and when he was asked why he was so pessimistic unlike the other finance minister who came out and said it was a little glitch etc , and he came out and talked about the wrong construction of the euro , how greece needed debt reconstruction etc. 
  a journalist asked him why he was so pessimistic and he answered - `` because i attend the meetings '' . 
  i know , i do n't care . 
  people could just easily prove me wrong though - just produce a healthy , working currency union ... . . since they can not do that , they downvote . 
  yes , and olle schmidt belongs to the only party that really wants the euro . 
  they also want nato , and has , since the 80 's ... we are still not in nato , despiter their predictions . 
  the party , folkpartiet , have all of 7 % in the swedish parlament . 
  would you belive the preditions from a 7 % party in your parlament ? 
  the communists ( the left ) and the sweden democrats ( populists ) who wants out of the eu have a better chance of it being true , and have better numbers btw . 
  of course it wo n't . 
  the only systems that i can come up with that stops some of the crime have other drawbacks . 
  i mean - mussolini stopped the mob , i am sure north korea has less immigration than usual and the mob was n't a big problem in the soviet union . 
  but they are hardly societies one aspire to become like ... 
  i think our most common surname is johansson actually . 
  i do n't think they are . 
  you can buy it in stockholm , i have seen it in stores , in \u00d6stermalm to be exact . 
  and at least a few restaurants , like sturehof for example have `` surstr\u00f6mmingsevenings '' . 
  enter at your own risk . 
  it goes against the treaties . 
  they do not have the democratic mandate to do so . 
  why would there be less crime and homeless people ? 
  those two are not the same . 
  one can invest without the country being in the eu . 
  a country that is prosperous to ( western or eastern ) investors does n't have to be in the eu . 
  in swedish too . 
  it can mean several things . 
  and dimple is `` skrattgrop '' - laughing hole ... . . 
   do n't worry , you do that anyways . 
  rich countries spend an awful lot on internal subsidies . 
  the eu budget is just peanuts . 
  that 's why it is inappropriate to bang people over the head the way you do without understanding the reasons for things . 
  no , we have less corruption . 
  and no , i do n't support it * anywhere * nor ins sweden or anywhere else . 
  it shocks me that you do , and think it is ok to waste money !, 
   you have n't replied to anything i said . 
  you just keep on repeating the same falsehood . 
  but lets leave it at that i did reply . 
  what are you talking about . 
  you have n't replied . 
  for how many generations shall we support greece ?
