  there are no good forests in denmark '' . 
  a bit more tragic when i understood . 
  i worked night , i blame it on that . 
   half of new hiv infections in 2013 are estimated to have been self-inflicted to secure monthly benefits of $ 700 . 
  that is really sad if it is true . 
  poor , poor elk , what a way to go . 
  that one pine tree that could n't take the storm . 
  at least they can still eat her i suppose , she was still warm when they found her . 
  well , that fine is the only thing i have heard about it , but good . 
  however , and the rules are being ignored on a daily basis , and and no one is even attempting to follow them . 
  so while they might not be pissing as overtly on the budget rules ( but they will trust me , if france does n't get their economy going , they are not accepting a fine ) no one cares about any rules really . 
  for example , are most countries lowering their debt to get to the 60 % debt / gdp ratio ( never mind that several should n't have been let in ) . 
  i think it is no wonder it 's going bad when one has a union without rules . 
  so you think it would benefit france to pay off greece 's debt and cut their pensions with one third while cutting down on their welfare . 
  how ? 
  furthermore - please explain how you going to do this practically . 
  first you have to have yes from 28 states . 
  do you think the french , the germans , uk will vote yes ? 
  furthermore at least in my country it demands a change in our constitution , we need to dismantle ourselves . 
  all for the glory off sending money to brussels . 
  please explain how you are going to do that . 
  in detail . 
  no , not really . 
  a ) it is the euro countries . 
  b ) they ignore the rules and do n't care anyway . 
  had they followed the rules virtually all states would have been fined . 
  what drama ? 
  please , read up on currency unions . 
  what i said would happen if we have a financial union still stands . 
  no fiscal union without huge permanent transfers . 
  are you denying that ? 
  also , the eu do not have the power to tax . 
  period . 
  to change that we would have to change the treaty and get 28 yes . 
  will not happen . 
  instead , adapt to the reality that is in front of us . 
  no , it would not be favourable for france . 
  do n't you realise the finances are pooled ? 
  so , the french would pay off the greek debt and guarantee the spanish pensions ? 
  now 99 % of the french gdp goes to france ( 1 % to eu ) , if it is a union maybe 60 % . 
  look at other federations . 
  bavaria is paying for east germany 's schools , hospitals and welfare . 
  california is the one paying off us debt and being a net contributor , not alabama . 
  so , no , france would not benefit . 
  and , do you ever think the french would say yes to such a deal btw ? 
   please read the first link about the contribution of the shipping industry to the greek economy and society . 
  no , it was a 32 page report . 
  and yes , i have read up on tax rates . 
  you do n't have to tell me that . 
  for decades we have been paying extremly high taxes while the greeks has n't . 
  you are still nowhere near us . 
  for example a 50 year old finn that has a company and has had for the last 30 years - both he and his company has paid far more in taxes than any greek ever had . 
  so , do you think that is fair ? 
   probably they were `` invested '' into favours . 
  see above . 
  so my tax money has gone to greek corruption . 
  seriously , why should greece ever again then receive any money , and why have the greek people accepted it ? 
   this time and age do you seriously believe that any company is going to invest in creating an industry and supply chains to greece ? 
  yes , if you combat your corruption, 
   infrastructure , industry and investments . 
  something greece does n't have . 
  many profitable companies have left , and those that stayed behind are driven into extinction so the case is that you now refuse to tax one of your most profitable industries just because greece have n't build up infrastructure , industry and investments ? 
  but , you have never ever really bothered to tax them , have you ? 
  i mean , that excuse on goes for the last few years - why have n't you bothered to tax both companies and people before that ? 
  before the crises you had one of the lowest tax rates , and that if it got paid . 
  but the case is also that you are on the receiving end of financial transfers , both from the eu and from the troijka , from countries that * do * tax their industries , even their pet ones . 
  france does , uk does , sweden does , finland does , germany does etc. 
  now greece should not tax their industry while we tax ours ? 
  is that fair ? 
  and , do n't get me started on the infrastructure . 
  greece have been in the eu since 1981 and received billions upon billions for different infrastructural projects . 
  what has happend ? 
   many profitable companies have left , and those that stayed behind are driven into extinction . 
  case point : our very profitable textile industry . 
  here is another link : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_tax_rates so did ours , in the 70 's . 
  something you just have to let go of . 
   it is pretty telling when a company decides to leave greece and move to another country with higher taxes . 
  well , the problem is n't really the taxes then , is it ? 
  it is everything else , the corruption etc. 
  so if you fixed those things , you could have your industry and tax it . 
  thanks , that was an interesting read . 
  wonder why the finnish ugrian had special places for women and children . 
  wonder what they did with the men ? 
  ok , but how come that we can tax companies that ericsson , ikea , abb , and loads of other companies and they still stay . 
  and do n't even get me started on germany . 
  they have far , far higher taxes than you do ( really , most countries does , and far more successfull companies that stays ) . 
  do you want a list of successful german companies that stays and pay taxes ? 
  btw , norway have a huge shipping industry that pay taxes . 
  well , if it was more before , then yes , you do need reforesting . 
  futhermore , how they replant , and cut down the timber is extremely important for how it will look like in the future . 
  maybe you can say that now , but in 20 years ? 
  if i recall correctly , they mostly just cut it down , unfortunately , without much environmental care . 
  as someone from a country where we tax our forest and mining industry , and our neighbour norway tax oil - yes . 
  i ca n't even believed you removed it in the first place . 
  i applaud and understand your attitude but a more integrated economy does n't really work that way . 
  for example , if one all should have the same levels of taxation you a ) give the eu power of taxation ( which is against the rules btw ) and do you really think they are going to stop there ? 
  what about taxation in income then ? 
  spain have lower than finland - yet finland bail them out . 
  what about when the north start complaining about that ? 
  taxation is one of the most powerful tools of the government - if you remove that you might as well remove their heads .
