  `` in sweden , this is the first finding of mrsa in cattle and the first detection of mrsa harbouring mecc of domestic animal origin '' . 
  and you concentrate on the lying part , because i did n't know this , instead of comparing that to the 88 % of the pigs in danish slaughterhouses . 
  b ) , now you are n't even trying to argue properly anymore , in the article i sent you ( the latest to , you have n't even adressed the first five ) , it said that 88 % of the pigs have mrsa . 
  that is no * no way * comparable to this strain that has n't even infected anyone . 
  you are n't properly arguing , you are being childish now . 
  as with your very childish comment about cold and mrsa . 
  are you going to argue , or just try to find tiny , tiny things you can attack when missing the big picture ? 
  are you going to critiscise my spelling to , just becaue my english is not as good as yours ? 
  your comment about denmark being better in general - is that how you conduct a scientific argument ? 
  honestly , if this is how you are going to do it , we might as well quit . 
  i guess you have never gone to uni or anything , or are you possibly still in school ? 
  that would explain that you argue so badly . 
  so , please , write a scientific and well versed argument as to why danish meat is superior to swedish , and back it up with several scientific articles , please . 
  and here is how more and more people are getting infected with this quality meat . 
  did i mention we do n't have it ? 
  so , now i am really , really want to hear why danish mrsa is better than swedish non mrsa . 
  here is another link about mrsa in danish pigs . 
  ! had them . 
  again , explain to me how it is good . 
  do you think mrsa means good quality ? 
  why do you think that . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.themeatsite.com/meatnews/20243/ministers-examine-rising-mrsa-prevalence-in-danish-pigs ), 
  again , you do not deal with facts now . 
  now you are just making nationalistic and incorrect climate assumptions . 
  for example , right across dk , just a few kilometers , there is far less mrsa , because we fight it , on a national level . 
  not because of the climate . 
  the climate is basically the same in malm\u00f6 and k\u00f6penhamn for example , and sk\u00e5ne is one of the bigges agricultural areas in sweden . 
  also , with regards to the cold , russia and canada has more mrsa than we do . 
  it is rather easy to see that you do not deal with facts . 
  please , i am waiting for links and facts , not incorrect unfunny comments . 
   so one has to assume that their meat is better too . 
  that says all about you . 
  assumptions , not facts . 
  pulled out of you backside i assume . 
  please , in this discussion we deal with facts . 
  please , again , i am waiting for the scientific links . 
  science do not do assumptions . 
  we deal with facts . 
  so , stop assuming and back up your statement that danish meat is superior to swedish . 
  and in particular why meat with salmonella and mrsa is better than meat without it.i i have access to academic journals so that will not be a problem . 
  it is n't . 
  and i am still waiting for an explanation as to why my links , which you could n't be bothered to read are wrong . 
  and why mrsa and salmonella in meat is a better meat than meat in a country that has no mrsa and hardly any salmonella . 
  but please , do not take my word for it - google mrsa and sweden . 
  we are one of the top fighting countries . 
  or salmonella denmark . 
  just google it , and then explain why danish meat is better . 
  i am waiting . 
  and other meat too ... but , i gave you five links now and i am so excited to hear you explain why danish meat is better than swedish and why mrsa and salmonella is good . 
  is there any products from there that a non italian might come across , so i can avoid them . 
  i 've heard italians do the same . 
  it is unfortunate but i do n't want to risk my health , i want them to fix this . 
  maybe an international boycott will force someone to act . 
  any wine i should n't drink ? 
  since you ca n't read . 
  please prove all these links wrong . 
  with science , not your anecdotes . 
  because you are better than argentina . 
  [ 5 ] ( http://antibiotics-theperfectstorm.blogspot.se/2011/11/perfect-storm-intensifies.html ) . 
  and then tell me danish meat is better than swedish ( we do n't have mrsa or salmonella , at all really ) . 
  link 2 [ 2 ] link 3 [ 3 ] link 4 [ 4 ] link 5 [ 5, 
   so most people say it is absolutely safe for 100 ' 000 + years , but some people say we really do n't know . 
  the * scientists and the international agencies says yes * . 
  honestly , if you are going to use arguments like `` some people '' , i 'd like to have scientific links . 
  why are the scientists wrong ? 
  links please to the adequate sources ? 
   but we ca n't really know until we tested it for 100 ' 000 + years . 
  yes we can , that is why we have science . 
  do n't you belive in science . 
  if you are going to say all scientists are wrong , i want * credible * links from academic journals please . 
  yes we can . 
  the link i sent you just said that . 
   so most people say it is absolutely safe for 100 ' 000 + years , but some people say we really do n't know yes i did . 
  apperently you do not like to read . 
  in my argument with simonask . 
  please go through the thread and read them . 
   some other countries maybe . 
  but not every country has vast areas of uninhabited land like finland and sweden do . 
  wrong . 
  all you need is earth . 
  it is not in the most unihabited areas of sweden/finland either , not by far . 
  it is about 200 km from stockholm . 
  honestly do you think we dump uranium in a ditch ? 
  as long as you can go * down * which almost every european country can ( maybe not greece , southern italy and other earth quakes areas ) you can store it.so , that means that 90 % of europe can store it , so that argument does not hold . 
   and last but not least whether nuclear power is truly less of a problem for the environment is n't so clear for me as nuclear power has destroyed many places in many parts of the world . 
  ( like parts of siberia , where the russians have their nuclear u-boat cemeteries ) . 
  no , coal kills more than 1 million/year , radiation 17 000 . 
  that is a fact . 
  and how much do you think the global warming is ruining . 
  your glaciers are melting , and maybe you are not dying because of global warming , but people in bangladesh are . 
   that the global warming is a huge problem is obviously true , but i do not believe that nuclear power is really a solution , it just defers the problem . 
  there is not perfect solution , but it is far , far better than coal . 
  we ca n't just hang around waiting for something to happen . 
  what you are saying is `` i prefer coal and death , pollution and co2 emissions to the best available technique that give nothing , or far less than that '' . 
  i honestly ca n't begin to understand how one can say that . 
  no , nuclear is n't perfect , but as i have proven , we can store it , far less people die and no co2 emissions . 
  yet you prefer coal or fossil fuels ( which is the case in almost every country , maybe not switzerland ) . 
  we do n't have time to wait for the perfect energy source , we have to act now . 
  how can one then choose co2 emissions over no co2 emissions ? 
  i really ca n't understand that .
