  as usual , i say , if one want to join in that scheme - please do . 
  and let those who want to stay outside , stay outside :-) . 
   at least germany would never go with that . 
  no , i hope they have more sense than that . 
   they 're not so much in the pocket of the government , but of the banks . 
  honestly , what is the purpose of the bank of england ? 
  who sits there ? 
  it sounds like corruption on the highest level to me ? 
  i did go to wiki though and read about the aim of the bank and it was `` price stability and supporting the governments economic politics '' . 
  hmm - remove the second one there , and you would have been better off . 
   well the banking sector is about 400 % of gdp . 
  a 5 % drop in the price of assets would see something close to 50 % loss on the principle due to margin calls . 
  there 's no way the uk has that much money . 
  not even close . 
  oh , i see , you are really deep in the shit there . 
  so , the only thing you can do is dismantle it slowly , build up other industries and hope it is better in 20 years ... ... 
   sure they can , but they wo n't . 
  i guess they will not do it because they are not independent . 
  how on earth did the uk end up with a bank of england in the pocket of the government ? 
   and the government does n't have the money to save the banks - only printed money can do it . 
  really ? 
  how much of the gdp would it take ? 
  finland spent 8 % of theirs in their ( competent ) bank save . 
  also , one does n't have to save all the banks , just the really important ones . 
   sweden has its own currency and can print its way out of any problems should the need arise . 
  no , we can not . 
  we have one of the most independent central banks in the world for a reason . 
  reinfeldt or l\u00f6fven can hate the bank if they choose , they can not fire them . 
  you do not get a stable policy if you print money like there is no tomorrow , so no , that will not happen . 
  plus , massive inflation does n't really solve the problem does it ? 
   whenever we join the euro , then we should join whatever scheme there is simply because we are too small to handle the failure of big paneuropean banks . 
  hopefully never joining , but no , we should not join whatever scheme there is . 
  have you seen how horribly bad the bank saves are ? 
  are the leaders in the eurozone considering the tax payers for one second with their horrible bank saves ? 
  second - we , the people of sweden should get a chance to vote about if we want to guarantee the money for the 400 + million in the eu . 
  i would vote no . 
   we are too small to handle the failure of big paneuropean banks . 
  and we are to small to save them to . 
  let the big guys care for their banks , i would be furious if a krona of my tax money went to those incompetent bank saves . 
  also , in a true market , banks , just like other companies , fail . 
  it is the harsh truth . 
   a certain percentage of those banks , yes . 
  good , we did that too , and in the end we made money from that . 
   the bank 's independence is another matter , but they ca n't let the banks fail , so they prop them up with qe . 
  of course they can - or what they can do is let the government save the banks . 
  i do n't know how your central bank is constructed , but ours at least main task is `` to have a stable monetary policy '' - ** not ** to ruin our currency by propping up individual banks - that is up to the government . 
  i guess you do not have an independent central bank at all then , they are lapdogs of the government who ca n't be bothered to save the banks themselves . 
  ca n't you change that ? 
  an independent central bank is really the way to go . 
   and it 's not exactly the same situation with sweden in the 90s because your banks were able to recover in the midst of an unprecedented worldwide economic boom . 
  after our currency dropped 25 % and we just spent 4 % of our gdp bailing out banks ... 
  it is not the same , no , but it does n't mean that one can ' make a good save . 
   their assets get taken on by the public and they get continued qe to stay afloat . 
  this is bad for the pound . 
  so , does that mean that the public now owns the banks ? 
   what ? 
  you are aware of course that the uk is printing more money as a percentage of gdp than any other developed nation . 
  why ? 
  because our banks desperately need to rid themselves of bad assets . 
  but why ? 
  do n't you have an independent central bank ? 
  perhaps i misunderstood you . 
  sweden have a deposit scheme , that guarantees deposit . 
  however , unless i am mistaken , the banking union demands that one backs other countries deposits - so , if a bank in spain goes bust , sweden would have been obligated to make sure that the portuguese get their money . 
  we do not want that . 
   well the banks are ultimately backstopped by the public , as they are too big to fail but there are good and bad bank saves . 
  in the end , sweden even made money from our bank saves in the 90 's , and it taught our banks an important lesson . 
  they will be saved - but they will pay with collateral/loose ownership . 
  the eurozone bank save is a disaster , but if uk banks needs to be saved , they can choose to do a `` good '' save , not the idiotic eurozone one . 
  but why would one do that ? 
  i have never heard that referred to ? 
  it is weird adding them together - what is the thought behind that ? 
  exactly , uk is in a crises , but you are hardly in the worst place in the world , nor are your banks collapses . 
  and - you have your destiny in your own hands . 
   i see no honest way to calculate what is the real percentage of non-eu money , because eu and non-eu countries and/or businesses might be used as intermediaries i understand that was to difficult , but do you know if it is calculated as eu money if a russian business opens an office and transfers money there ? 
  so , is it a possible that there is a lot more foreign money than calculated , because of the law ? 
  why do you bother about other peoples life choices as long as the do n't harm anyone ? 
  just because you do not like gay people , does n't mean that they should not get married - they are not harming anyone . 
  if you like them , just leave them alone , but give them equal rights . 
  there 's millions of people i dislike , but that does not mean that they do not have rights . 
  why ca n't they build up industries like the baltic states ? 
  focus on it or whatever - there are a lot of industries they * could * have focused on , they just did n't . 
  either way , you can not get around that cyprus has betted on a shady banking business , while not bothering to build up anything else . 
  and , with regards to small countries fighting the good fight - how about the baltic states . 
  estonia has 1,3 millions and are contributing to cyprus . . all th baltic states are fighting to build up long term , sustainable economies , and they come from a way shittier place than cyprus ( they did n't even officially exist until the 1990 's ) . 
  latvia has 2,3 millions , lithuania 3 million . 
  so , yes , small states do most definately have a choice . 
  and , they are neighbours to russia too , which is exactly one of the many reasons they are trying to stand on their own . 
  also , the cypriots have benefitted from low taxes and a shady , overblown sector for years . 
   they are a small island . 
  there are not a lot of industries they can be competitive in . 
  plus all the other islands seemed to be doing this too so i can imagine it looked like a good idea at the time . 
  tell that to singapore , hongkong , etc. 
  there are a lot of small , successfull nations ( yes i know , hongkong is not a nation , nitpickers go away ) . 
  cyprus had a choice . 
  also , the money bailing out cyprus comes from people who has paid way more in taxes than the cypriots ever had . 
  at least sweden backed out of that scenario with eu wide deposit scheme , and i ca n't see the benefit of being in one ( since we have a tendency to bail out or own banks , and not asking anyone else to do it either ) . 
  basically , sweden can not stand guarantee for 500 millions citizens money , nor do we approve of the way the banking crises or the banking rescues have been handled . 
  the eurozone has really made a mess out of that one . 
  and , the problem with the `` eu wide deposit scheme '' , is that it will not be eu wide .
