  i hope though that , i can understand some italian . 
  i have never understood berlusconis appeal , to me he is just a corrupt , slimy , evil midget , but perhaps understanding a bit of italian would do the trick ... . . 
   well also everyone who does n't want to pay taxes votes for him . 
  well , that is sort of my point of never understanding the italians . 
  you can not have a working society without paying taxes . 
  so , if you vote for someone who claims that you do not need to , then you are in essence , voting for a `` non working society '' . 
  that i do not understand why one chooses to do . 
  furthermore , claiming that they will receive money back , after the fact , like berlusconi did , is , if not impossible , at least a more bothersome endevour than cutting taxes in the future . 
  yet , people believed that . 
  also , the financing seem completely off the wall . 
  and , that is for basically everything berlusconi says , he completely ignores the financial situation in italy . 
  i am in sweden , and are , if not fully aware , at least somewhat aware of the financial situation in italy . 
  the economy is shrinking for god 's sake . 
  the need for reforms is overwhelming . 
  the competitiveness has and is sinking ( comparison to germany , salaries etc has been rising in the last 10 years ) , and the only reason they are not being bailed out is that the ecb is buying italian bonds . 
  it is economics 101 , and i refuse to believe that the average italian is less interested in their countries economy , than the average swede/brit/german etc , but they willfully choose to vote for someone who is n't even attempting to solve the problem , but is in fact , making it worse . 
  in our last election , the party that won , actually did n't promise lower taxes ( nor did the opponent ) . 
  they said that the taxes would only be lowered if the economy allowed it , and if sweden have the back - up for it . 
  that makes sense to me - who would to want to elect someone who is financial irresponsible ? 
  you can win elections in the nordic countries with that sort of talk . 
  that is why italians do not make sense to me . 
  i refuse to believe they are more uneducated , but yet they keep on voting for someone who ca n't even pass economics 101 . 
  how on earth do they expect it to be financed ? 
  it is so not economical sensible to vote for berlusconi , that it baffles me . 
  why do n't the italians factor in stuff like the grim financial reality of italy when they vote ? 
  and , then we have n't even touched the fact that he is a corrupt , slimy asshole . 
   a lot of regions in the south voted for far right movements ( part of berlusconi 's coalition ) that want them cut out of italy , so you could say that mafia is also a factor . 
  is n't that super , duper stupid ? 
  as far as i 've understood , the north is sponsring the south , why would the south want to be cut off for that . 
  so , they do not talk to other people ? 
  nor to their kids etc ? 
  no one in italy ever discusses the fact that he is corrupt ? 
  is every single person who votes for him is + 80 who never speaks to their children ? 
  for god 's sake , his name is becoming a synonyme for corruption . 
  that does n't answer why you are homophobic , nor why you can not let go of sweden . 
  if you believe these things , let nature take it course then , no reason to hang around here . 
  and , nor , if you are such a proud finn , why are you using a canadian flag . 
  are you a coward , who ca n't stand up for who you are ? 
  nor does it explain why you are homphobic . 
   then we shall have all of scandinavia once again !, 
  again ? 
  you never had it . 
  and , also implying that we are insulted by it . 
  i do not think he can get the fact that people , like me , are not insulted by being called homosexual , why would i. 
  if i was a finnish person ( obvious_atheist is a finn btw ) i 'd be embarrassed by having obvious_atheist / unfrustratedbro/carl _ sagan_coward around spewing homophobia and racism . 
  so - are you saying that they honestly do not know that berlusconi is corrupt ? 
  i do not believe that - there are mummies in the british museum that are aware of that fact . 
  \u00d6tzi is aware of that fact . 
  hey , unfrustrated bro/carl _ sagan_cowardly - i recognise you there again . 
  you never answer my questions . 
  why are you , + 200 years after we stopped being one country , still so fixated on sweden ? 
  why ca n't you let go , even to the point that you will follow us around and blame us for stuff that you know that you fucked up in ( the fact that the finns are in the euro really burns , does n't it ? ) ? 
  why are you incapable to let go ? 
  i find it fascinating , that you keep spending all this time dreaming about us , thinking about us...-i love the fact that you can not let go . 
  oh , and why are all the trolls , finnish/racists and homphobic . 
  i do n't think i will ever understand italy , italians and italian politics . 
  this result is ... . baffling , to put it mildly . 
   claiming that nomadic people `` do n't count '' for first claims is traditional colonizing apologetic reasoning . 
  one can tell that swedish history is n't your strong suit . 
  we were all hunter gatherers then , the swedes as well . 
  i think we settled around 0 - 500 ad or something , so fairly late from a european mainland perspective . 
  so , the nomadic swedes were there before the nomadic sami . 
  so , you count nomadic against nomadic - and swedes came first . 
  thus , they are the colonizator . 
   here were mesoamerican peoples before the aztecs , but that did n't stop them from being colonized . 
  so , the sami colonized sweden then , since we were there first , and then we are removed , or at least fairly few of us up north . 
  that makes sami the colonisator , not the colonized ones . 
   all in all , the terminology has its roots in roman practices : the romans never came that far , and i doubt they even knew anything about us during the stone age . 
  they way you count , i have a hard time thinking about any people who are not colonisators . 
  perhaps the basque , but what did they do to the neanderthals . 
  oh , and do not forget the different african kingdoms , or the different kingdoms of the americas . 
  i think it would be easier to point out who is not a colonial power then . 
  the basque perhaps , but god knows what they did with those neanderthals ... :-) . 
   as i said , that might well be but it 's not under scrutiny here . 
  of course it is . 
  you can not colonize something if you were there first . 
  non sami people were there before the sami , how can you then colonize it . 
   first you hark back to prehistory to find arguments , and then suddenly it 's not important that they have been badly treated in the past but only what happens now is important ... so we should only take into account the periods where they were n't in a subordinate position ? 
  well , obviously they were n't colonized then . 
  perhaps i did n't express myself clearly . 
  what was discussed that it is beyond a doubt , that technically , the sami were not there first . 
  however , what everyone can agree upon , is that whether or not one was there first or not , the sami has not been treated well . 
  it is the same with the roma , or the jews for that matter ( in france too , as far as i know ) . 
  we certainly did not colonize roma/jews , but that does n't absolve us from the fact that we have discriminated against them , and that we should n't do it again . 
  swedish people settled the area and 2 . the saami people were in a subordinate position , not being legally recognized etc. 
  that 's sufficient to speak of colonization imo . 
  it is indisputable that swedish people settled the area * first * . 
   that 's sufficient to speak of colonization imo . 
  no , according to your definition , but not really . 
  everyone who are in a subordinate position , are not colonized . 
  jews are romas are an excellent example of that . 
  so , no , you still have no evidence that they were colonized . 
  however , they were treated badly . 
  you seem to mix those two things up . 
  but i have way better sources than wiki , but they are in swedish . 
  above all , there was a program about it recently , on the radio , wherea rather famous swedish history professor took part . 
  it was sent with regards to that a new standard edition of `` swedish history '' was published , or , to be more exact , the volume where one covered the sami history . 
  basically they were discussing who came first where/when etc and all participants agreed that the discussion was/is rather redundant . 
  the oldest artefacts found are not sami . 
  most likely , there were hunter gatherers there from the south first .
