  i mean , it is bad from a currency/market trust/eurozone point of view if one does n't have rules and laws one can trust ( what if no one cares - what happens to the currency then , who will pay etc ) but that ship sailed long ago . 
  they are probably doing the right thing from a belgian point of view . 
  it is nice of you to answer , but nothing really dispute what i said - the muslims * are * more negative towards homosexuality , equality for women , sex outside of marriage , abortions etc than the average brit - and it is increasing . 
  so , people are actually right in fearing it , and thinking muslims are all that - because to a much larger degree they are . 
  they are far more likely to be negative against gay , women etc. 
  and again - what are the muslims community doing ? 
  nothing , it seems . 
  so , if you are going to defend them - why are n't they acting , and how can you defend them when the conservatives are increasing ? 
  is n't it right then to constantly critiscise them - i think we let everyone down if we ignore those attitudes . 
  so , they should be criscised - daily , if it up to me , just as other conservative idiots . 
  however , they are often getting a free pass , because they are immigrants . 
  i do not think they should get a free pass , not at all . 
   at least in britain most muslims are fine with homosexuals , abortion and treat women like everybody else does-a human being . 
  sorry , no , unless you claim this is the way other brits feel about homosexuals , sharia etc as well . 
  [ muslims in britain hold more conservative views on abortion , homosexuality etc ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/uk/2009/may/07/muslims-britain-france-germany-homosexuality ) [ 2007 survey that shows 61 % of muslims want to make homosexuality illegal - lgbt ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_in_islam ) [ muslims in britain on sharia ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1510866/poll-reveals-40pc-of-muslims-want-sharia-law-in-uk.html ) do n't you find those attitudes appalling ? 
  honestly , you seem to be seeing the world from rose tinted glasses - i knew this and i am not british :-) . 
  perhaps the ones you meet are nice , i do not oppose that , but they are sadly , not representative . 
  if you are to defend the muslims in europe , honorably as it is , one should always start with facts and work from there . 
  i find these attitudes much more abhorringand frightning , than the abstract fear of terror . 
  nor do i see them diminishing , they are in fact - increasing . 
  i think it is normal that one fears that - and is disgusted by that . 
  my question is - why is n't the muslims dealing with this ? 
   but out church leaders are very much against homosexuality , or at least gay marriage , as are out muslims . 
  your church leaders are not against homosexuality as i have understood it , but against gay marriage . 
  important diffence . 
  yes , discrimination still , but nothing against what one faces in islam . 
  with the 4 out of 10 who wants sharia - what do you think will happens to gay people there ? 
  do you honestly mean that 4 our of 10 non muslim brits want to kill off all the gays ? 
  i do not belive that , and i will not even get the statistics , i am sure you agree with me :-) . 
   whilst i do agree islam does have some backwards views when it comes to women , it is n't any different in a secular state to that of christianity ( in the uk at least ) . 
  yes , it is . 
  your church leaders , a ) have less influence , b ) the brits themselves do n't seem to give a shit what they church leaders say . 
  as i have proven , the muslims , in a secular state or not , have * much more * conservative/idiotic views on women , so it does matter - a lot . 
  also , how many forced marriages and honour killings are there among native brits in comparison to muslims - for example . 
  not all muslims are horrible of course , and i applaud your effort to defend them . 
  however , you should perhaps start out with the facts , and work from there - denying the truth , like with homosexuality or sharia does n't do anyone any good . 
   if there was christian dictatorship i ca n't imagine it would be all sun and rainbows but there we go . 
  yes , but we have quit those centuries ago , because they were barbaric and moronic and it is vital to separate religion/state . 
  that is seldom the case in the muslim world , and it is not even a trend . 
  in fact , take egypt where the muslim brotherhood won - if they care so much about separation of state/religion and to keep religion out , why them ? 
  the trend is unfortunately to mix them up , not throw them out . 
  it is the opposite of what europe is trying to do actually . 
  so , the majority of the people in muslim countries says * no * to a secular state ( and freedom for women ) . 
  that should give you some pause - should n't it ? 
   i 'm having fun debating this btw . 
  :d me to . 
   i do agree but i 'm just sick of how all muslims are apparently to blame for this . 
  when a christian leader condemns gay people or says women should n't be allowed abortion not all christians are also tarred with the same brush , whereas it seems that 's not the case when it comes to muslims . 
  i do not know what it is like in the uk , but honestly , i am having a hard time coming up with a swedish protestant priest , claiming any of those things - we have lesbian bishops for god 's sake . 
  and we have never had female circumscicion and honour killings or hijab/head scarf . 
  so , the ones mostly speaking/doing these things are immigrants , to a vast majority muslims , ( although for example honour killings can be done by other people to i have understood ) . 
  so , i find it rather natural that we * do * concentrate on the ones commiting those things in sweden - and they are almost always immigrants , very often muslims . 
  i guess one could say that not all of the immigrants do this , but among those who do , there are almost always immigrants . 
  it is a dilemma , i know ( one that was highlighted in sweden recently when the muslims were blamed for the riots , and i am not even sure the majority were muslims , they were immigrants , not the same thing ) and frustrating , but i also think the muslim community could do a lot more to fix this . 
  why not clearly support homosexuals ? 
  where are those imams ? 
  where are the lesbians imams who refuse to circumscise ? 
  i can go on and on about the lack of female precence for one thing , and that is just one thing i can criscise . 
  yes , i know it is the same in the catholic church , but i have yet to meet a single catholic who cares - female catholic politicians tell them to go away - not exactly the case in saudi/iran or among the muslims here etc is it ? 
  so , the blame is also on both sides . 
  also , as i said before , i have more problem with for example negative attitudse towards homosexuals , jews and women , which * a lot * share , than fear of terror . 
  get rid of those attitudes , and i think that will go a long way towards understanding . 
  i also have a problem with this - some people are so afraid of being racist for example , that the do not speak out . 
  we do not forbid male circumscion for example , although it is harmful to the child . 
  i am ashamed that my country does not label it as the child abuse that it is . 
   it 's not exactly terrifying when the only successful european terrorist attacks this year committed by muslims have involved a single death . 
  bulgaria ? 
  the killing of israeli tourists ? 
   true , but you also have basque separatists in spain , i thought they had quit and commited no attacks in 2012 . 
   it 's not exactly terrifying when the only successful european terrorist attacks this year committed by muslims have involved a single death . 
  as someone else pointed out , it is not the fear of terror attacks , but a lot of other stuff , including the rethoric , anti - feminism , honour killings ( i know not all of them are commited by muslims , but they are certainly over represented ) female circumscion ( same there ) etc. 
  far more than being the fear of dying in a subway , it has to do with having the feeling that our basic values and our way of life under attack . 
  edit : remembered that the terror attack in bulgaria was 2013 . 
  yes exactly , they might do some property damage , but they are actually never out to harm a person or change the course of a nation a la breivik or muslim extremists . 
  it feels like those `` terrorist '' skews the numbers a bit , i am not exactly frightened by them , not one bit , unless i am a trash bin owner . 
  [ here ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_memo-13-463_en.htm ) is the press release . 
  belgium is pointed out as not having taken effective action , so the commission says it will step up the edp for belgium . 
  not that it seems to matter actually , it is not like the commission will ever do anything . 
  perhaps they will write a strongly worded letter next time ... . . ( not that i am saying that belgium should be more punished/not punished than anyone else , but i clearly remember them saying that there would be fines etc , if one did n't comply with the budget rules . 
  it is interesting to see their lack of action ) . 
  what would the french public want the ecb to do ? 
  sweden - i 've heard it although i do n't know if it is currently an active campaign . 
  i checked , and right now they are saying that one should eat 500 g/day of vegetables/fruit . 
  i eat so much vegetables and fruit anyway so i never think about it actually . 
  i think people who eat unhealthy spend more time thinking about it , than people who have a reasonably healthy lifestyle . 
  just counted , to answer your question , and i have already had a fruit as a snack , and a salad for lunch . 
  since i am having carrot soup for dinner , i am set for the day ... ... 
   liberalising the labour laws down here does n't mean we magically become like sweden . 
  no , but your option is clinging on to an outdated version that was * never * competitive , but you could hide that fact in the free for all version that was the former ez . 
  that is not really an option is it - you have needed to reform since the 90 's at least , well since before the euro and not doing it is n't really doing you any favours . 
  but , if you want to cling to bureacracy and refuse reforms that should have been done ages ago - feel free . 
  but , then again , why should anyone , in particular countries who did these reforms when they were called for , feel sorry for spain ? 
  i mean , one is not asking spain to kick everyone to the curb , just do stuff that should had been done decades ago ( that people are being kicked out , blame that on banks , not on anything else ) . 
  how do you mean that you can become competitive while clinging to an outdated , bureacratic version of what never worked in the first place ? 
  how is suggesting you 'd be more like denmark beneficial only to the employer ? 
  not just them , it is honestly horrendous in some places . 
  if you are a women , you are up for grabs basically , literally , in the street . 
  you are not a person , you are a property , and if no man defends you , you are there to be taken . 
  for example the masaai 's refusal to speak to women , at all . 
  women were not supposed to talk to men - if a man wanted anything , he spoke to them , not the other way around ( women had no needs ) .
