  please , give me links for that is happening in sweden why not just be normal and start a discussion ? 
  what do you think this sub reddit would be like if everyone did like you ? 
  no headline would be correct . 
  do you think would benefit r/europe ? 
  you got me to browse , true , but you also managed to : a ) realise that you are a contributor who just want to self plug stuff , not interested in the truth . 
  managed to make me understand that neither you or the organisation are interested in facts . 
  made me notice the organisation in a negative way , they are now classified in my mind as a organisation that cares about sensationalistic stuff . 
  i will now never support it . 
  i work a lot with environmental issues , this will never be one of the organisations i will support . 
  if everyone did like you i think this subreddit would suffer . 
  no , the end does not justify the means . 
  yes , you managed to make me look , but also to dislike the organisation and you . 
  i would have loved , seriously , a discussion about water . 
  it is one of my great environmental interests . 
  hell , i have even taken classes about it . 
  you only managed to put me off a discussion and you . 
  why not just start a discussion about it , with links , without lying ? 
  sometimes i wonder if i am adopted . 
  i am swedish but i prefer tea , and i never know which week it is ( another swedish thing , people do n't uyse dates , but the number of the week ) . 
  edit : spelling, 
  sweden . 
  pay for our healt care through taxes ( 2nd highest in the world ) . 
  in general , it works just fine . 
  could you please provide links as to the fact that water are being made private in sweden , or that our government is n't providing it ? 
  i read you link ( yes , the swedish part too ) and all i found was the normal information as in `` 1 billion people lack access to fresh water , 4 million children etc '' . 
  that hardly has anything to do with your claim that water is being privatisized , in my country , or that we are lacking access to it . 
  if you want to push for your organisation , an incorrect headline and sensionalisic claims is hardly the way to go , it is just irritating . 
  exactly . 
  the problem is not the anglosaxans , or the press anywhere , the problem might be the french government . 
  i am not anglo saxan ( swedish ) , but i have the same image through our media . 
  perhaps the french government would be better off looking at how they go about doing things than blaming other countries . 
  there is a time to do that , but blaming the uk and the us for how things are in france , or how france is perceived is just wrong . 
  what more , they are managing to give me the image that they are loosing their grip and are resorting to blaming others . 
  how does he define virtous ? 
  but it is the euro countries who has brought on the mess , the austerity , bail outs etc , not the all the countries in the eu . 
  in swedish : tjej - girl jycke - dog lattjo - fun they not `` bad '' words , but often used as slang . 
  you might not use them to much when you write . 
   they did not do this for the sake of ( middle ) people , they did not do this for you and me , they did it for themselves and they did a great job at it . 
  who are they ? 
  i do n't believe merkel goes to bed laughing , neither does hollande , nor the greek prime minister , or most people who owns a business , rich or not.do you have names ? 
  the politicians of the 90 's and 80 's who created the euro knew the faults , of course , but they choose to ignore it because of the vision they had . 
  i do n't think kohl , chiraq and the others acted out of true spite , they had a vision , sure , with power and grandeur for themselves , but also for europe . 
  i remember the swedish vote of 2003 ( when we voted no ) . 
  the faults of the euro was clearly stated , and discussed . 
  now , you can believe that swedes are a superhuman race that had this information , as the only persons in the world , * or * , it could just be said that other countries , when they decided to join the euro , had the same information , but decided not to act upon it - because it was all going to be so good . 
  ( and , btw , i think sweden more voted no out of suspicion towards the eu than a superb financial sense ) . 
  if it was a conspiracy , it is a rather big one , because despite the fact that the information of how imperfect the euro was and the trouble it would cause eventually , most countries honestly did n't care , they just joined in like there was no tomorrow . 
  not everyone though , not the uk , not denmark or sweden for example . 
  so , it would be nice to blame `` them '' , but unless you mean every person who was alive and able to vote in the 90 's , i think everyone has to take their blame - it is not a grand conspiracy , it is worse . 
  it is oversight , ignoring , not caring , thinking it will not happen to me , it is for a good cause , they have been wrong before , what could happen , and a million more reasons rolled into one . 
   yea , but people who will profit from it in the short run do n't really care about the long term effects , that 's the whole point of exploiting the system for your personal gain . 
  think about how it could have been , how much money that could have been gained from a stable euro/eu , how much more profitable growth is , how much everybody benefits from a stable political situation . 
  not to mention the missed oppurtunities , the inability to deal with threats ( climate change etc ) . 
  no one is really the winner here the way i see it . 
  of course individual firms and people will benefit from it , but you can not say `` the dutch '' , `` the banks '' , `` the steel industry '' or whatever . 
  by no one i mean the countries as a whole , and most businesses in it . 
  i also think it is wrong to just blame the banks . 
  first , they are hardly responsible for the idiotic construction of the euro , the people who voted yes to the construction , those who constructed it etc - there is plenty of blame to go around . 
  but , i guess i 'll go against the current hive mind here and say that i do not think the banks will profit , not in the long run . 
  the deep recession and a wrongly constructed currency is much more damaging in the long run , than the short term profits . 
  certainly individual people , banks and businesses will profit , that is how things work , but at the end of the day it will really be a loss for almost everybody . 
  i believe that in the end , no one will profit from the euro , neither germany or greece , or any other country in the euro . 
  that is because the euro was wrongly constructed from the beginning . 
  the economies are too diverse for one , it is impossible to have a monetary union without permanent fiscal transfers , something that the northern countries have not accepted and it is actually forbidden . 
  then there 's the arbitrary rules system etc , etc. 
  it is very easy to criticise the euros construction but no one is doing anything about it really , which i find sad , for everybody . 
  that is why i believe it has to change fundamentally , which i do not believe will happen , or everyone will just have to keep on suffering . 
  `` lieber ein ende mit schrecken als win schrecken ohne ende '' rather a horrible end , than a horror without end, 
  a good swedish/danish crime series that you can find with english subtitles on the torrent sites is `` the bridge '' ( bron ) . 
   that 's not to say he did n't do any good , but i always find it strange people are so impressed by monti when in reality he only seems decent because he came after berlusconi . 
  that is probably half of it . 
  you take what you can get from the italian politicians ; . ), 
   and empathy/emotional intelligence is a key aspect for any leader , especially a political leader in a latin country . 
  why do you think berlusconi was/is so powerful despite everything ? 
  really ? 
  i am sure berlusconi is intelligent , manipulative and everything else , but he has never , ever struck me as someone with a lot of * empathy * . 
  ability to fake it , and pretend he has feelings as everyone else , sure , but i have never thought that he really has those feelings . 
  i just ment that in order to be a successfull and good politician , in my view , you do not have to be very emphatic . 
  as in anders borg , who i mentioned . 
  not that i want him to go home and torture puppies , but i frankly do n't care that much how emphatic he is , as long as he does what he does best - balances the budget . 
  i did n't know that . 
  i certainly have no great knowledge of him , he has just struck me as someone who is trying to fix the italian economy and being far less corrupt than his predecessor personally , my politicians do n't really have to be emphatic , as long as they do their job , but it is true , they might not end up to high on the `` like '' list . 
  i promise , scandinavia or thule it is . 
  and we were never really united , we are just very cooperative ... . . 
  yes , but that might be a bit to long . 
  if it is just sweden , norway denmark it is easy though , scandinavia . 
  ca n't we just keep our languages ? 
  i am sure that would work . 
  the problem is what we would call ourself . 
  i am leaning towards thule at the moment , but i am open to suggestions . 
  ok , [ here ] ( http://www.civitas.org.uk/eufacts/fsecon/ec10.htm ) you can read for example about the stability and growth pact . 
  it said for example that the national debt was supposed to be 60 % of the gdp and the budget deficit was only supposed to be 3 % ( [ wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stability_and_growth_pact ) has table of how the countries have disobeyed ) . 
  it would n't say it is neither here nor there now , but perhaps it is a bit useless blaming everybody for not following it , basically no one has . 
  it is however , saddening , frightening , and frankly , very undemocratic of the countries in question . 
  however , the first stability and growth pact , was formed from careful discussions and rules , done over years . 
  then people , in the different countries got to vote about joining , * with these rules as a basis * . 
  that is what people voted about , among other things . 
  i remember , i voted ( no btw ) in sweden . 
  that was one of the many issues up for discussion , the stability and growth pact . 
  now , it has been re-negotiated twice , but not in the parlament , by the council .
