  to say that you do n't have a choice is wrong . 
  rewrite that constitution , elect someone else but do n't pretend that us citizens are not responsible . 
  can it be done tomorrow ? 
  no , but frankly if you reelect bush one ca n't say that one want higher taxes on the rich and no iraq war - it is just not true . 
   american here . 
  we 're fucking fed up with this shit . 
  we realize now once you win/lose a war another one is right around the corner . 
  afghanistan and iraq were really the tipping point . 
  so why do n't you scale down your military ? 
  i do n't believe you until you do . 
  i am not sure since i saw it on tv here , but i imagine that pirate bay could be your santa if you do n't find it in your stocking . 
  then i also recommend `` bron '' / the bridge a swedish danish tv - serie . 
  imagine what we can do together :-) . 
  it is not as good as the killing , but better than arne dahl , the tv at least ( i quite like the books ) . 
  just be patient with saga - she 'll grow on you . 
  season two just finished here . 
  you can find it online with english subtitles . 
  it is not - i am reading the excellent crime novels from arnaldur indridason and i am now convinced that iceland is full of murderers , drug addicts and people who wait decades for revenge . 
  they were busy , election year . 
  just you wait . 
  it is just because you bought your way to beat us . 
  you fixed the corruption index . 
  i am impressed :-), 
  so why not change the law . 
  european human rights courts do n't mind life imprisonment , or prolonged sentences , almost every country has them . 
  it is the way spain has gone about it that they object to . 
  yes , sure , whatever . 
  you create an acccount and upvote yourself . 
  you are really a sad fuck . 
  seriously , i have looked at the number of votes you have right now , and you , only you , have twice as much as anyone else . 
  it is so sad and fucking pathetic that you are so afraid of downvotes that you create a whole new account , just to argue and then you upvote yourself . 
  it is pathetic . 
  you are such a fucking looser . 
  it is internet points , get over it your sad shit . 
  ok , i belive you but it was really , really low that year . 
  the 2007 numbers were * by far * the lowest . 
  the year after you increased them with several hundred percents , going from 90 000 to 217 000 . 
  way to pick numbers ... . . i am not completely against seal hunting , but stop cherry picking numbers . 
   it 's impossible to industrialize the seal hunt . 
  no , it is n't . 
  i guesss it is depending on what you mean with industiralize it though . 
  it is commercialized and people live on it and do it on a massive scale . 
  canada and russia are the countries that do it the most in the world . 
  just because you ca n't breed them does n't mean it is n't industrialized . 
   further , seals are far from endangered , in fact their overpopulation leads to the decline of fish stocks . 
  no , in general , in the world , and in canada ( like the collapse of the cod fishing around newfoundland for example ) it is human beings that that are the cause of the decline of fish stocks . 
  perhaps in a few areas , but then it is because we humans have outfished the oceans . 
  if we stopped , there would not be a problem . 
  the problem is not the seals , it is us . 
  there is a general objection around the world to any commercial whale hunting though , and it is not as if norway ( or japan , your whaling friend ) need it to survive . 
   quotas are at around 1000 individuals , out of a total population of 107,000 . 
  for fucks sake . 
  * you * , set that quota . 
  just giving the quota like that makes it sound like it is an internationally accepted quota , set by an international accepted organisation . 
  it is n't . 
  norway sets its own quota , in opposition to almost every other country in the world , and then you go on and hunt and kill whales for the fun of it , not because you need to . 
  norway and iceland has commercial whale and seal hunting . 
  sweden and finland has had non commercial seal hunting around fishing areas , but those numbers are quite low . 
  the seals in the baltic have been protected for decades , their numbers have been really low ( due to pollution in the baltic , not due to hunting ) . 
  [ link to seal hunting ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seal_hunting ) . 
  this was a bad article . 
  i do n't see any facts at all , , nor does she says what she compares to . 
  what other immigrants ? 
  she also argues that things like banning mutilisation of children aka male circumciscion is `` unnecessary securisation '' . 
  in other words , she do not care about the human rights of male children as long as their muslim and blame countries who do . 
  no , that is not true . 
  we like engineers . 
  is n't this just because we sentence people with short sentences to wear one of those things on the foot ? 
  like people who drink and drive and get three months or so . 
  i do discuss it with people , but above all i ask people why we should support lgbtq-hating countries . 
  that is a question i often ask my friends in politics , how the eu can in any way support this , and why we are forced to pay our tax money to countries who discriminate lgbtq-people . 
  i think that should disqualify countries from support . 
  it is their choice , but i 'd like us to choose not to support homophobes . 
  do that too , in denmark . 
  it is fun to see politicians trying to defend it . 
  i think we should take a hard stance , why should one pamper homophobes.and , also , we sponsor these countries who discriminate . 
  i think we should stop doing that . 
   and open borders would mean the world to illegal immigrants ( and other kinds of immigrants ) . 
  i really hope you 're not against open borders because if you are , then you 're racist . 
   i 'm pro gay marriage . 
  so , why are you arguing , in an incorrect and strawmanlike way as well . 
   just like saying all opposition to same-sex marriage is homophobic . 
  denying gay people the right to marriage due to their sex is homophobic and discriminating . 
  are you saying it is n't ? 
   yet a civil union would easily garner the same effect . 
  of course that 's not enough for politicals who think in terms of dogmatic egalitarianism . 
  no , if the pinnacle is * marriage * , then it is obviously not . 
   i do not care either way . 
  should gay people be allowed to marry . 
  it is an easy enough question . 
  yes or no . 
   clearly since you are using rethoric that would convince no one but the faithful . 
  i am not trying to convince homophobes , i am just poiinting out that they are discriminating homophobes . 
  i do n't even understand how anyone , in 2013 can be against what is basically a human right , marrying another consenting adult . 
  croatia , i am so disappointed in you if you say that gay people can not marry . 
  how can you expect to be treated right if you treat other people like shit ? 
  u why do you do this ? 
  and , if you are againt gay marriages , do not come to my country . 
  do n't you dare come to my country and tell my lgbtq-friends that they are not good enough , that they do n't deserve being married . 
  i am extremely disappointed in the eu .
