  do you think that is for the greater advancement of the eu or to satisfy french farmers ? 
  yes , but it is still gone , that is the important thing , is n't it ? 
  people who change gender do not have to get sterilized anymore , which is the issue , i believe . 
  honestly , hollande should know better , how on earth can he mix up the eu and europe . 
  furthermore , no , i do not feel my identity , as a european threatened , one tiny bit . 
  i 'll be just as much of a european , or as little , whether we are in a recession or not . 
  to claim that your identity , as part of a citizen of a continent is threatend , just because the economy is bad , says a lot more about hollande , than anything else . 
  personally , that sounds like a `` fair weather friend '' to me , and someone who is only a european when it suits him . 
  i 'll be , among other things , a european until the day i die , no matter if the eu falls apart tomorrow , or if the economy stays like shit forever . 
  apparently hollande sees it differently . 
  i am not surprised . 
  no , we do not have forced sterilisation anymore . 
  was removed in january i believe . 
  i found it fascinating that greece considers themselves the most trustworthy . 
  it is a bit of a contrast to the corruption in the country plus the picture that the rest of europe has . 
  it is also interesting that the french themselves perceive themselves as the least and the most arrogant ... . 
  swede here . 
  just saw the swedish numbers . 
  25 % for the eu , 25 % against and around 50 % undecided ( roughly ) + 9 % pro euro . 
  so , i think we are in the same situation . 
  a lot of people ( undecided ) do n't really like it , but do n't know what to do . 
  nordic union perhaps ? 
  sweden - nothing really happens here . 
  hockey and weather are the two main topics i believe . 
  post this in the individual countries + r/nordiccountries . 
  i think , if i were a person in the country who would pay off another countries debt , i would not believe a ) that it would be just part of the debt or b ) that there would be no moral hazard . 
  well , i do think some honestly thought it was possible , just like a lot of people thought it was possible . 
  i remember the vote we had in 2003 , a lot of politicians and a lot of swedes just would n't listen to those from the no side , who said it would n't work . 
  i imagine it was the same in a lot of countries , those against it voices were drowned in overly optimistic cheers . 
  however , my country is not in it really , so it does n't matter , but i do n't think all if them lied , but just as the people they let themselves be fooled . 
  i mean , the people has a responsibility as well , one could have said no , like the danes ( not that it justifies everything , but just blaming it on the politicians is to easy ) . 
  but , the point is that we were talking about debt mutualisation and a selling point is hardly that they have lied before and will do it again :-) . 
  so , your arguments towards the people who do not believe in that the debt mutualisation will stop at just a bit , is that they will be lied to again ? 
  i do not think that will work . 
  also , i personally do n't really feel that lied to by my countries politicians actually , more by the eu 's politicians . 
  do you believe that the inhabitants of the countries in question will believe that ? 
  a lot of them only agreed to the euro under the promise that there would be no debt mutualisation and no bail outs , that each country would be responsible for their own finances - no moral hazard was the promise they were given then . 
  look what happened to that promise . 
  why would it be different this time ? 
  at least one of them is the same guy , who changes his identity the whole time . 
  i guess that is his way of renewing himself . 
  he writes the same thing the whole time , so it is no change really . 
  what the study says is that if you pick two europeans they will most likely have one common ancestor 1000 years ago , not that all europeans had one common ancestor 1000 years ago and are related , those are two different things . 
  will link to the original study when i am off my phone . 
  edit : [ original study ] ( http://www.plosbiology.org/article/info%3adoi%2f10.1371%2fjournal.pbio.1001555?utm_source=feedburner&amp;utm_medium=feed&amp;utm_campaign=feed%3a+plosbiology%2fnewarticles+%28ambra+-+biology+new+articles%29 ) . 
  that was nice , thanks . 
  send it to `` uplifting news '' , but perhaps it is n't news . 
  but reforms to fix france competitiveness and to fix the deficit are at least partly and in the short term two different things . 
  which one do the eu mean ? 
  and , at least with regards to some rule changes is n't this something they should have done `` before '' , but do n't want to ? 
  it is even worse than that . 
  now fateswarm has gone in and deleted the thread , he is so afraid of downvotes ... . . 
  i agree , i am sure a populations have equal abilities to learn new languages if one wants too - that is my point . 
  so , the lack of integrations does n't come from a language distance , but from a cultural one . 
  export to whom ? 
  we ( sweden ) generally have our energy demands covered , as i suspect finland . 
  as far as i understand you do not do what you are writing about , although it might be in the pipeline . 
  do you have links ( norwegian is ok too ) . 
  this must be one of the few cost things we are ( albeit slightly ) under average . 
  i will enjoy it !, 
  i think they believe ( correctly in my mind ) that germany has the money to save their own banks . 
  it would probably be worse for the indebted countries who 's banks would collapse . 
  i doubt the believe that they 'll get their money back . 
  what is worse , i believe is the outstanding debt in ela and target 2 . 
  however , a few people claim it is not a problem , i think it is . 
  i think it is over a trillion now ( 1,2 ? 
  trillion perhaps ) however germany has something like a third of that . 
  i wonder what they say about target 2 and ela - have to google . 
  i 'd like for him to explain how he is going to make it a reality . 
  i doubt that actually . 
  if you look at the statistic for example iranians can be fairly good at integrating along with vietnamese for example . 
  that is in rather stark contrast to roma for example . 
  also , with that logic , should n't finns , hungarians and basque people be the absolute worst to integrate ? 
  i still blame it on culture , at least partly . 
  i liked the article , i ususally always find something to read on smithsonian . 
  however , i do not agree with their title . 
  i mean , yes , europeans have most certainly been hypocritice , claiming that the jews were cannibals while eating muslims in the 12th century , etc. 
  however , that is not something i feel is a part of what europe is claiming , or conveying with any stance on cannibalism today . 
  you were right , european bats are not really that bitey . 
  should go for sweden as well though i guess ... [ link ] ( http://www.bats.org.uk/pages/bats_and_rabies.html ), 
  i think they are roughly the same `` type '' . 
  given that something like 18 % of the mammals are bats , there is obviously a lot of diversity , but i think something like 90 % of the bats and bats species live in the rain forest , leaving less diversity in europe - as always the cold places gets less diversity . 
  we do n't have the bitey ones at all in europe , as far as i know . 
  perhaps it is hard to eradicate rabies once certain species gets infected , and some countries like sweden and the uk have natural barriers . 
  i imagine it is easier to find rabies infected foxes than rabies infected bats . 
  and they wonder why the support for the eu is falling ... ... ... ... 
  but we have bats in sweden , 19 species to be exact - why are they not on the map ? 
  oh , and you are wrong btw . 
  do n't worry , i 'll point that out in the future , in topics i am about to leave ... 
   now just so you know there 's not point replying as i 'm not returning to this topic . 
  well then , then never answer to my comments , at all , ever again please . 
  either you are prepared to discuss or you are not . 
  otherwise , you are certainly not my friend , not at all . 
  but we are not talking about aid , this is not a tsunami or an earthquake , and i think it is wrong of you to imply that . 
  what we are talking about here , what the title of this thread was , was debt sharing , eurobonds , and permanent transfers - that is not aid . 
  if you mean aid - you do not agree then with the title of the thread and you are against a financial union ? 
  do you think countries voluntarily would pay off each other debt ? 
  while they are themselves in trouble , like france and the netherlands ? 
  honestly , it is very , very naive . 
  so , the scenarios i gave are not uinlikely - in debt sharing the estonians * will * have to pay off the portuguese debt .
