  if spoken to by a woman , they did not acknowledge that . 
   even though i completely agree with you on how difficult is to start a company in spain , it 's all meaningless when the consumers have not enough money to buy your products or services . 
  so , why have n't you reformed ? 
  why are the nordic countries better off ? 
  why are their workers worse off , if reformation is so bad ? 
  are you honestly telling me that spain is not , and has not been in need of reforms ? 
   you blame the recession for that and i bring forth marx 's crisis theory . 
  so your solution is communism ? 
  thanks , that was interesting . 
  from what i have understood , the bureacracy can be a real and true hazzle in some countries ( i thought sweden was bad , but apparently not ) . 
  also , it is not as if it is some real news . 
  i mean , to take one of the mst talked about issues , obviously the greeks understood before the recession that one ca n't have a huge bulk of public employeed that are unfireable and hired for life . 
  however , no one bothered to change it before , and as always , the longer one waits , the more painful it ibecomes , unfortunately . 
   what do you call being able to offer salaries way below the national minimum wage or even worse , unpaid internships , to highly qualified workers because it 's either that or unemployment ? 
  what about mass layoffs ( that at least in spain were first allowed back in 1994 but never were as prevalent as of now ) that throw to the streets thousands of middle-aged workers that wo n't probably find another job again because they have to compete against an entire generation of underpaid youths with phds who happily accept 1-month contracts with a 400 $ monthly salary ? 
  that is not liberalisation of labour market - that is what happens ( among other thing ) when you are in a downward spiral and * has n't * liberalised many of the rigid laws that southern europe has . 
  for example , to start a company in denmark , you need to go online . 
  how many permits do you need in spain ? 
  how long does it take ? 
  how many layers of bureacracy do you have ? 
  how many people , public worker for example , basically were unfireable before ? 
  you are mixing up what happens in a recession with liberalisation of labour laws and a rigid bureacracy . 
  [ wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economic_liberalization )  and you ca n't do that by giving corporations free rein and privatising what , until now , were hard-fought rights for the working class . 
  the workers have rights in the nordic countries as well for example , and a labour market that is more adjusted to the market . 
  one thing does not exclude another , which you seem to claim . 
  are you sure that it is the liberalisation of the labour that is responsible for the situation ? 
  do you have any evidence for that ? 
  i have been under the impression that a lot of countries in southern europe need to reform the labour markets , and that it is long overdue - in fact the rigidity that is one reason for non competitiveness . 
  otherwise , would n't all the other countries that have reformed their labour markets before had been suffering the sane fate - and they have n't . 
  not in europe , but the treatment of women in some countries ... 
  are we talking about water , as in sea/oceans/lakes , or are we talking about the water in the tap ? 
  i have never heard that we have bad tap water , however , i can agree that the polluted baltic sea or our acidified lakes are not top notch . 
  i do n't know if the australia 's economy is a bubble , but it is true that there always something lacking in lists like this . 
  however , i think it is the nature of lists , they can never capture the full picture . 
  none i guess , just like no other place is really like southern europe , russia etc. 
  it was pretty good actually ... . i am not sure about the dairly digestion issue though , but maybe it is because we eat so much youhurt etc ( source of d-vitamins ) so it is noticed if you ca n't eat it . 
  we are in top with celiacs ( gluten intolerance ) though ... 
  i had no idea , and i am swedish . 
  we do have jante , you are absolutely right there , but you know janteloven was written by aksel sandemose , a danish person , writing in norwegian about the ( fictive ) danish village of jante ... [ link ] ( http://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/jantelagen ), 
  yes , but so does sweden . 
  does finland has less `` water power '' perhaps ? 
  i am impressed by portugal . 
  have n't they made huge improvents , and are turning more and more to green energy ? 
  also - belgium and finland ? 
  why so dark ? 
  is the winning movie any good french people ? 
  should i watch it , or is it two hours of being depressed ? 
  i suppose you know husby and stockholm , since you speak with such certainty . 
  the fact is , which i have been arguing about with other swedes here as well , it is far better off than a lot off other places in sweden , that do not riot . 
  so , yes , the unemployment is high for stockholm which has something like 4 % , but not that much for the inner part of norrland ( the north ) where there can be 40 % in areas . 
  same with education . 
  and , actually , i think the people in husby , claiming the generous swedish welfare system are far better off than many working europeans . 
  that is also that a ) the riots really are no riots in that sense and actually no one apart from a few police officers has been hurt . 
  b ) there a a few burnt cars , not good , but certainly no riots c ) the ones `` rioting '' has been known to the police before , and have quite extensive arrest sheets . 
  so , i claim those rioting are already criminals who makes up any excuse , the are not innocent little frustrated kids . 
  and , above all , they are outnumbered , to vast degrees , by the majority in husby , immigrants perhaps , but `` normal people ' '' , not criminals . 
  as for the shooting of the man - of course it was tragic . 
  the first question however should not be the police , but why did he go off his meds and thus , threatened people with a knife . 
  ( it is rather normal , by those `` muslim criminals '' in husby , to lock the door and call the police , do n't you think ? ) . 
  i know in some states in the us they force them to come in and take the meds - forever , but i am not sure we have that legal framework . 
  also , it is a huge loss of personal rights , particularly if you have n't done anything before . 
  99,9 % of the mentally ill only harm themselves . 
  we might walk the way of the us but i am not sure i want too - locking someone up indefinitely for something he might do is something i am extremely uneasy about . 
  i get you do not like the swedish police , but at least blame the proper culprits , they work within a framework given to them by the politicians . 
  and no , they are not taught to shoot innocent portuguese , it is danes we target practise at . 
  he also claimed , lying of course , that the man was very old for being portuguese . 
  he was not . 
  nor is there any evidence of him being frail . 
  he retired early ( do n't know how much or if ever he worked ) due to mental problems and suffered from paranoia . 
  no , the swedish police did n't use tasers , dislike them for that if you want , but do n't claim it is a conspiracy or a frail old man , or a grandfather , or that he was harassed by muslims , or that the swedish police are trained to shot in the arm but choose not to , or that the man did n't harass his neighbours , or that husby is a horrible place , or ignore tha man 's paranoia , or the fact that from a few meters , he attacked the police with a big knife - all things done by op . 
  learn to speak the truth . 
   they killed a grandpa and tried to cover it up ) . 
  lovely , again you are just trying to provoke and know that you know nothing about the situation , just like your friend . 
  he did not have any children , not that it will stop you of course from claiming that , incorrectly . 
  yes , i do . 
  they do not use taser . 
  how is that hypocritical . 
  they did however , negotiate with with him for hours , * and * used a shock/stun grenade . 
  did n't stop him . 
   you 're quite the hypocrite . 
  how pc swedish of you . 
  how ? 
  explain ? 
  do n't use a taser . 
  besides , if he is as frail as op claims , he should die . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.aftonbladet.se/nyheter/article16769145.ab ) is a picture of `` the old and frail '' man you are claiming that he was . 
  picture no 1 , obviously . 
  he does n't look that frail to me - where did you get that information from ? 
   the reason i mention his nationality as portuguese is because he was n't a muslim and one of the `` tribe '' , making him easy pickings . 
  most people in husby are not muslims , actually , which you would know if you read something else . 
  second - the harassing comments * only * comes from his family , * not * from the other sources , like neighbours , police , etc , so again , your source is questionable . 
   you keep saying i 'm blindly defending portuguese , because i 'm portuguese . 
  he was old , mentally unfit and quite possibly seriously pushed . 
  he was not particularely old , by any standard , and he was not pushed , in fact , he had n't taken his medication - that is what pushed him over the edge , not anything else . 
   as i said in previous comments , i suspect that shitty community brought this situation on him !, 
  they 're partially guilty for his murder , and for breeding bands of thugs and tacitly or indirectly approving of their harassment tactics . 
  it is apparent , that you know nothing about the community , as you apparently know nothing about life expectancy in portugal , swedish police , or the swedish police training  harassing someone , who has mental problems or is just old and not of their `` tribe '' to provoke a reaction , to then you call the cops on him who are played and turn on him . 
  then play the victim card ... 
  there are just too many levels of fuck-up in this whole situation . 
  * or * we have a mentally sick man that * according to the neighbours , most of them * not * `` youths '' , that was rather quiet and left alone , until he started to threaten them with a knife after going off his meds .
