  if you mess something up , it your job to fix it . 
   because there were no mechanisms to give the power to the eu to actually allow to impose itself , if a country is violating the rules of a treaty . 
  now , with the fiscal compact and other treaties , eu has the power to even fine countries which are not follow the treaties . 
  it 's late , but better than never . 
  you do not seem to understand , the maastrich treaty and the euro convergence criterias * still applies * . 
  one has only tightened up the rules , a bit , but how those are being followed , does still remiains to be seen . 
  i am sure you have read the articles that france , who promised to follow them ( as in at least attempting to go in the right direction ) already are murmuring about not having to pay fines for their projected 3,7 % deficit . 
  and , as you understand , that * since the rules still apply * it means that * no one is bailing any one else out * and * each country is responsible for their own debt * . 
  are you saying that the eurozone is following that rule ? 
  it is not what i am hearing on the news . 
  so , once again , the eurzone has decided to maybe follow some of the rules , if it suits them. , perhaps . 
  we will see . . how the eurozone , can ask anyone to join while still , * breaking the rules every single day * and still * demand * that countries join in a currency union that is the opposite of what they promised , and where ** still ** treaties are not worth the paper it is written on , is beyond understanding . 
  but please , prove me wrong . 
  i would love it . 
  are the bailouts stopping today ( as written in the treaty ) . 
  is the ecb stopping buying individual bonds from countries to support them ? 
  fines for everyone not heading in the right direction with their deficit , or with the debt ? 
  the fact is , that the eurozone caused this mess by a ) having an incorrectly constructed euro and b ) not giving a shit about any rules . 
  so , i think it is up to the eurozone to fix it before telling anyone else to join . 
  i do not think it is suprising at all , the shortsightedness in the debate in unfortunately reigning supremely , from most country/people . 
  then it is easy to get caught up in a blame game of who did what . 
  if the eurozone truly wanted to solve the issue , they should start to discuss the root of the problems with the eurozone , the very badly constructed euro . 
  then they could continue to discuss the reason as to why no one follow the treatis , and the long term effect it has on the euro and democracy . 
  finally , they could perhaps start discussing real long terms solution to the problems . 
  however , that means accepting responsibility , giving up etc , so why do n't we just continue to blame everyone else . . 
  to join the euro . 
  it sounds like it in some people , that since estonia , in 2003 , signed up to joins euro where no one had a debt/gdp ratio of over 60 % , no bail outs , each country responsible for their own debt and absolutely no intervention from the ecb they have to , in 2013 , join a currency union that is the opposite of that and where the treaty is n't worth the paper it is written on . 
  if you don not think they have to join the currency union , i misunderstood if i were the eurozone , i would sit down and ask myself where it went wrong . 
  currency unions are supposed to be good . 
  also - why ca n't any country be bothered to follow the rules they themselves gave signed . 
  i guess all countries work as long as you find a decent family . 
  you seem to have missed several important issues , one of them is that a * currency union is supposed to work and be beneficial to its members * . 
  it is supposed to ve something countries * want * to join . 
  the second you start bullying countries into joining , you should start asking yourself why your union is n't working . 
  hint - the fault lies not with the countries outside of the union . 
  i think it is so scary that almost all of the member states treat the treaties like toilet paper . 
  they are not even worth the paper they are written on . 
  and now they want more of that ... ( i never know if they mean integration or shitting on the rules - i think it is both ... ) . 
  yes . 
  estonia and finland ( and sweden ) . 
  several states should have never been let in . 
  should n't the members follow the rules then ? 
  as in debt 60 % of gdp etc ? 
  you ca n't vote to join a club , and then the members just decide the rules are not to be followed , which most of the eurozone countries have done . 
  and , to make it worse , they did n't vote and negotiate them , which everyone can understand , they just ignored them . 
  by the way - they still do . 
  so , what gave you the right to ignore the rules and after that demand that people join ? 
  follow the rules first . 
  latvia can very well say that they want to join when all countries are obliging - lets say have a debt gdp under 60 % . 
  apart from the fact that they are prioritising football in a time when the whole country is suffering , is n't that unfair towards other teams ? 
  are they doing the same all over the place . 
  and , to echo the article - is this where the troikas money is going to ? 
  ok , thank you , it is good to know it is not the common practice everywhere . 
  is it the same everywhere ? 
  being completely uninterested in football , i was shocked to find out they could do this ( build up debt and being funded by public money ) . 
  is this common in europe , or is it just spain ? 
  is it the same in other sports ( rugby , hockey etc ) ? 
  also , i liked this quote `` this beggars belief . 
  we pay hundreds of millions of euros to keep spain out of the shit and then they let the clubs off their debts , '' are people in spain upset about this ? 
  of course you can . 
  i am a scientist , and we always bow down to evidence . 
  so , if you can show me scientific proof , of course i will believe you . 
  i can show you scientific proof of the loss of internal competitiveness in the giips countries , show you studies what happened in ddr etc. 
  your claims goes * against * the current scientific evidence , so you do have to back them up . 
  i have studied some economics , and have access to all academic journals , + speak german as well , so please - post your evidence . 
  otherwise , i must say the back up for what you are saying is very , very , thin . 
   create money . 
  the only `` transfer '' that could happen is a potential devaluation of the euro . 
  so , you mean , absolutely no transfers from north to south ? 
  i do not believe you , besides , it is already happening . 
   what they say they want and ultimately do are two things . 
  it 's called negotiating . 
  yes , and it will take * decades * to get the uk in there , and frankly , the euro right now have a massive 12 % support in sweden , and finland hates it . 
  we are not doing it , no way . 
  maybe you can convince us , but how on earth are you going to do that , you do not even have any remotely good arguments , apart from that you need our money . 
  you can hardly get the uk to stay in the eu , now you want them to guarantee spanish banks , showing them shitty bailouts ? 
   that depends on the legislation of the country . 
  it 's perfectly possible to delegate that kind of decision power to elected representatives , it 's daily practice in all european countries . 
  i mean vote about joining . 
  it would never pass the swedish parlament . 
  nor in uk . 
  honestly , if it was so brilliant , why are n't countries lining up to join . 
  if it is a good idea , it will sell . 
  it is not , because all you want is money . 
  no wonder it will not sell . 
  you have n't even been able to convince all the countries * in * the euro , does n't that tell you anything ? 
   the guarantees will be lower , but the advantage of scale will still give a net beneficial effect . 
  so , what are the gains for the uk ? 
  for sweden ? 
  none , you have no arguments . 
  add to that the worst bank save in the histroy , and i know all i need to know how you handle banks ( or should i say bend over to them ) . 
  please , read about the swedish or finnish bank saves in the 90 's , that were good saves . 
   given that all eurozone members are also eu members and therefore eligible for structural funds , that 's irrelevant . 
  not that it 's that much money , but it 's something that helps increasing productivity . 
  no , it is not . 
  the structural funds are supposed to go to the * poorest * members , which are all eastern european , and the only one of them in the euro is estonia . 
  btw , estonia , the poorest member of the euro is contributing millions to the bailouts . 
  it is not sitting well with them . 
   second , the eurozone problems have not arisen because of the eurozone , rather , they have arisen due to excessive private credit creation , a worldwide phenomenon . 
  they last longer because of the obsession with austerity .
