  the whole of the eu is n't doing bad , the ez is . 
  you are comparing eu to the us in an weird way that i do not understand . 
  or are you saying the whole of the eu is doing bad ? 
  we are not ? 
  poland is n't etc. 
  why are you claiming that . 
  so , learn the difference and make up you mind . 
  and if you want to look at statistic , again , on my phone but google mobility within the eu and within the us also , read up on the difference between the fed and the ecb edit . 
  i 'd also point out the difference between the us and the eu in terms of integration . 
  they pay at least 30 % federal tax and we pay 1 % . 
  and we do not cover military , health , pensions schools etc. 
  i am waiting for your answer , in particular with regards to antibiotics . 
  why is it more expensive not to give medicine that is unnecessary ? 
  you have no answers do you ? 
  and that is why you are a troll . 
  you are afraid of a proper discussion because that will always prove how ignorant and racist you are . 
  instead you call other people racist and ignorant . 
  i despise you and your ilk , cowards who are ignorant and so afraid of owning up to their own incompetence that they just keep trolling . 
  i am not the racist , you are . 
  sad fucker . 
  and racist . 
  because as i said , the germans was forced to give up their d-mark by the french but they fought against it . 
  one condition was to put the ecb in frankfurt . 
  so it happened . 
  and , why should france have it ? 
  they already have far to much , they are forcing billions from the eu with strasbourg . 
  i 'd fight against them having anything as long as they have that . 
  and , because after london , frankfurt is the centre . 
  the germans have a bigger economy than the french , and a better one . 
  because for one they have a completely different currency union - the dollar is completely different to the euro . 
  the usd is properly integrated obviously . 
  or , are you saying that finland is paying off portugal 's debt and germany covering spain 's healthcare ? 
  and , the fed fight a completely different battle than the ecb with a lot of other tools at their disposal . 
  as have the politics been different . 
  the obama administration had fought the depression aggressively - something no euro country had done ( the uk have tried a bit which is showing now and sweden have been fairing well ) . 
  add to that they they have one aggressive administration ( compared to euro ) not 18 different ones with their hands tied and hand of them seemingly incompetent . 
  add to that the mobility of the american worker , the different tax systems and the willingness in the us to change etc etc. 
  there are so many factors that are different . 
  the fact that you do not seem to know what i said above means that i do n't think your arguments have any substance , these are important things that you either do not know or do not understand . 
  how can you have missed this . 
   they do n't ( have the money ) . 
  they are a country that is on a crisis and implementing austerity measures , demanded ( and rightly so ) by the creditor countries . 
  you ca n't come and say `` why do n't you increase spending '' moments after making a speech on how debt is bad and how pigs are fiscally irresponsible . 
  it is an hypocrisy of the highest caliber . 
  they are a g7 country who most certainly have the money . 
  and , i did not make a speech about the piigs ( which i do not call them , you do btw which i think it is insulting of you , i have never done that ) , irresponsible debt or anything . 
  i was calling for a g7 country to act upon something threatening the whole of the world . 
  poorer countries in south america is fighting it btw , so finances are not really the first issue here . 
  but the fact is , as i suspected , you have very little knowledge about this . 
  so , instead of arguing with me under your real redditname where you might expose yourself as ignorant and get downvotes , you choose to say that i use racial slurs . 
  the only thing you have prove is that you have no arguments . 
  the fact that you claim that g7 countries do not have the money , means that you have no basic clue about economics , but more - how have to have extensive knoweldge about how to fight resistant strains . 
  it is not expensive * not * to overdose on antibiotics . 
  in fact , it saves money . 
  first for the state that do not have to sponsor the medicine , and then second , because people/strains will be less resiststant . 
  swedes spend less on medicine that france and belgium for example , but fight a better fight against antibiotics than they do . 
  and , that fight goes under our health budget and we are one of the top 10 in the world . 
  if it was so expensive , it would show up in the budget , but it does n't . 
  so , it is cost effective . 
  not that you care , that is facts , and you just rather accuse me of being a racist than dealing with facts . 
   you are asking me for my personal information . 
  no , for your reddit information . 
   i do n't , because you seem like the crazy type . 
  i am not the one making troll accounts where you make stuff up things i say . 
  i do not call anyone sandniggers or piigs , you do . 
  is that normal to you ? 
  it is not expensive not giving * non necessary medicine * , yet you make up arguments i have never made . 
  you are crazy . 
  but above all , you are such a fucking coward . 
  you are so afraid of bad karma that you do not dare to discuss with me under your real * reddit * name , because you might loose a point or two . 
  and , it is not just me you attack . 
  you go in and makes statements , statements that is blatantly racist . 
  about the us , about a lot of places and people . 
  you claim it is because you do not want to loose karma , and you are afraid of me , but it is you that are making the racists statements , not me . 
  so , at least try to be somewhat honest . 
  yu are such a coward that you do not dare to loose karma nor do you want people to know what a racist you are . 
  and , if you are so afraid , why make troll accounts at all ? 
   judging by your answers in this thread , either someone agrees with you , or you descend into a whirlpool of personal attacks and name calling . 
  why bother , when i can skip to the last part ? 
  oh , come on , i did n't say that , and you know that . 
  i said that italians were educated , etc , so there was no reason for them to eat antibiotics . 
  and , we both know that it is not the reason you do not answer . 
  you follow me around . 
  what position do you have ? 
  try me ? 
  you ca n't claim that i will use racial slurs . 
  you are just making stuff up because you are afraid of a proper discussion . 
  what is your stand ? 
  why ca n't you state it ? 
  you are a troll , if i were such a horrible racists as * you * state ( apparently calling italians educated is a slur ) i am sure you can stand it . 
  but you are to much of a coward are n't you ? 
   again with this coward ya i am not asking you to post personal information , i am asking you to use your common reddit identity . 
  i mean , you are such a coward that you ca n't even stand to loose a bit of karma in a discussion , or so afraid that you can not call me stuff without getting a downvote ? 
  we both know that you are someone else , that posts here a lot but you are to afraid to loose karma , so you have a troll identity . 
   sandnigger is a racial slur used sometimes to describe mediterranean europeans . 
  it was a self-demeaning hyperbole ( or in this case , an indirect criticism of your position ) . 
  so calling italians well educated and a g7 country . 
  ( i * attacked * the position that they were uneducated ) is a racial slur discuss with me under your normal reddit name , but i do not think you dare to . 
  you hide behind just claiming that calling italians educated is apparently a racial slur . 
  you are so afraid of your karma .
