   these men are n't there because they just opened up a new terrorist field school , they 're there because in islamic culture young men are supposed to answer the call when fellow muslims are engaged in a struggle like civil war ( or a jihad , depending on your bias ) . 
  apart , from the fact , that it is not the reason why swedish muslim men go at least . 
  they go to fight and die , for extremely hard core , radical organisations . 
  furthermore , a moderate muslim knows that is is wrong to a ) kill b ) kill other muslims . 
   i responded directly to what you took issue with . 
  no , i asked you what * your * problems with the swedish health care was , for example bad care . 
  you , and klaus , seem to have no clue what you are talking about , really . 
  everything is so wrong , that i ca n't even begin to point it out . 
  for example , if the swedish health care is so bad , why do we have some of the best survival rates in cancer ? 
  best survival rates for newborns etc. 
   i do not see what that has to do with understanding this article . 
  no , but the article is wrong . 
  you do not seem to get that , nor do you ( or klaus ) even seem to know basic swedish history . 
   our recovery is certainly behind you sweden since 2009 : why ? 
  what have you done ( or not done ) differently ? 
  i ca n't come up with anything really . 
   generally people blame loss of competitiveness , and there 's many reasons for that . 
  yes , but is n't euro one reason ? 
  i mean , you have suffered since the euro crises . 
  we have n't . 
  i do n't see how one can * not * factor in the euro . 
   he swedish miracle happened between 1860 to 1950 while they had the freest economy in the world and kept away from any form of conflict . 
  i know all this , but it is easier to grow if you are a poor economy . 
  it is just plain stupid to expect , from a mature economy , the same growth year after year . 
  also , it is idiotic to compare with the economy in the 1860 's . 
  do you expect china to have the same growth in 150 years ? 
   90 's the sweedish government had to cut 25 % of their state size in order to survive . 
  yes , i remember that and it was good . 
  what in god 's name does that has to do with anything though . 
   also , i 'm detecting some religious undertones in your argument i 'm an atheist , if you read religion into our argument , it says so much more about you , than me . 
   it 's just that the way you present it is sheer vilification . 
  why - the fact is that you have n't fixed it for 40 years . 
  is that villification ? 
  i mean , you agree with me that the system in greece is due to the fact that the greek people build it that way . 
  you even wrote  i agree that a large part of the population was complicit where is the vilification - we agree . 
   that does n't justify your extreme hatred and prejudice . 
  what is the extreme hatred ? 
  i do n't hate the greeks , but for over 40 years , a majority have chosen a corrupt an inefficient system , because they wanted to . 
  personally i think it is fucked up and would have chosen the finnish way . 
   so while i agree that the tax revenue as a percentage of gdp in greece is low , i do n't think that justifies any punishment or hatred . 
  again - what is the hatred ? 
  * you just agreed to the fact that that average greek has profited from your corrupt system - an average greek person have paid less than a finnish person . 
  * how is that hatred ? 
  when it comes to punishment - what ? 
  give me a list of punishment . 
  furthermore , ca n't you see that the greeks have wanted the level of service one has in finland , but you have n't wanted to pay for it like the finns - do n't you realise that somethings got to give ? 
  and , the fact is , that while the economy is n't nice today ( which also has a lot to do with the euro , which i hate , but a whole different discussion ) * you * , the greeks have n't paid a lot of money , not at all , in comparison to the north . 
  you have made money from your corrupt system , but now you have to pay . 
  i guess you still have paid less than the finns , even today . 
  so , if you want to change it , you have to pay . 
  but the greks do n't , still , and as long as the greeks cheat on their taxes , the standard services will stay low . 
  cause and effect - not punishment , but a choice by the greek people . 
   i have done so all my fucking life . 
  good , i am glad to hear that . 
  now , if i can see a demonstration in athens agains tax cheaters , i 'd be happy :-) . 
   it 's unfair that greece 's economy is driven to suicide . 
  that is mostly because the euro is a fucked up currency , but that is a whole different discussion . 
  i do not like the euro . 
  i think you should leave it , honestly , i think it would be better for you . 
  what you perceive as punishment is the fact that you are competing with the north , while being less efficient ( even if the greeks work hard , as they do , they produce less ) and the only way you can compete is by pushing down salaries . 
  at the same time the products you used to produce are less attractive since they are more expensive . 
  i do n't like it either , but on this board , the euro is a good currency . 
  i hate it . 
  however , it is not wilfull punishment , it is economics 101 , `` what happens when you have a badly constructed currency '' . 
  it is important to separate those two . 
  also , you have to see it from the view of the average tax payer up north . 
  they never voted for paying for anyone else , and now they have to . 
  part of it ( which they do n't get ) is the extremely idiotic euro , but part of it , is for the fact that the greeks choose to build up a system that is fucked up . 
  and , honestly - why on earth should they pay for the second part , at all ? 
  even now they pay more in taxes than you do . 
  what is fair and unfair now ? 
   i do n't like indiscriminate layoffs of thousands of people . 
  so , fire the inefficient ones . 
  why are n't you ? 
  it is not going to be perfect , of course not . 
  you seem to think that the eu can sit and point and say `` x is inefficient let us fire him '' . 
  of course they have no clue . 
  you will have to fix that . 
  i am swedish and using our health care , twice a week . 
  i know it . 
  neither you nor klaus seem to have a clue , and you are not answering my questiojns . 
  why not ? 
  i have asked you to come up with facts - apparently you can not . 
  what do * you * dislike with the swedish system . 
  have you bee here ? 
  i believe with regard to taxes he was discussing the 1950 's era . 
  well , then he is wrong - again . 
  besides he is an idiot , if he compares sweden from the 1950 's with today - we were one of the few countries who a ) not invaded by the sovietunion b ) not bombed to bits and pieces . 
  he is wrong about almost everything . 
  why do you have such a hard on for him ? 
  i live here , i use our health care . 
  do you even speak swedish ? 
   you seem to think that troika is trying to solve the structural problems of these countries , but that 's happening . 
  no , not at all . 
  only spain/greece can solve their own problems , the troika can only point the directions . 
  ( and , but for a whole different discussion , a lot of the problems are due to the euro , which i do not like , however , now we are discussing the problems that greece/spain can adress themselves ) . 
  second - i have no idea of how the spanish public sector was/is , so i am not going to discuss that . 
  also , spain is not even remotely as corrupt as greece is , so i think you have a better starting point . 
  however , greeces public sector is inefficient as shit , thus people should be fired . 
  why pay for inefficent people , that they 've even hired for life .
