  naive , i know , but i do think in the case of the ftt at least , it does n't have to go down the same road . 
  oh , yes , he is lovely . 
  he is convinced it is an international conspiracy , lead by the imf , the eu and possibly someone else to make greece a protectorate in * 2113 * . 
  it is really entertaining . 
  i just do wish the conspiracy theorist would be a bit more exact - they always say `` they '' , but refuse names . 
  i 'd love for them to write `` prince charles , putin and brad pitt '' or something similar . 
  i wonder who `` they '' who cry and moan are in this statement . 
   and if the eu passes legislation to stop the uk , then it 'll just move outside the eu . 
  i do n't think this is a good idea . 
  that would be enormously stupid , let us all hope that will not happen . 
  i ( being swedish ) really do not want the ftt , * but * i think the way one is going about it now is really perfect . 
  those states who want to try it , can . 
  those who think it is a stupid idea ( which also entails euro countries like the netherlands , cyprus , finland and luxemburg ) do n't have to . 
  as i see it , it is really a win-win situation . 
  maybe not perfect for those countries with the ftt if it fails , but at least they got to try it , and they can just withdraw the tax . 
  for those of us who are outside - either we gain trade , or life continues as before - both perfectly accpetable options . 
  a lot more things should be done like this , those who want to join in can do it , those who does n't can stay outside . 
  edit : spelling, 
  our school system is different , we ( at least in sweden ) do n't really have art programs , or `` programs '' at all the way you do . 
  i think that is not really the biggest problem , people driving without license and it would cost billions . 
  the biggest problem with cars is people driving while drunk/on drugs/tired or other people stealing said cars . 
  it has really been here for months :-) / sweden, 
  that is step 6 - you are not supposed to know that !, 
  of course it is not a coincidence - i am sure it is n't . 
  in fact , i think that there is solid evicence out there , that the whole economic meltdown is the cause of one single country - finland . 
  why finland you ask ? 
  well , i say , why not ? 
  after the loss of karelen the finns needed revenge , but russia was to strong ( at the moment ) , so finland decided to ( very cleverly ) take its revenge on something smaller , and easier - greece . 
  you could ask why not denmark , sweden or something , but then you do not know the finns . 
  they are very cunning . 
  they knew they would be suspect if they dk slowly became a protectorat of finland , so they decided to broaden their views - greece . 
  no one would ever suspect the finns of taking over greece , that is why it is so clever . 
  so , the finns , with some help of the jews ( there were a few hundred jews in finland after wwii and we all know how they act ) , the muslims and the vatican , set out to get greece . 
  first , they made sure to create the eu . 
  you might think it was some idea byt the french etc , but it was really the idea of the vatican ( also known as `` little finland '' ) . 
  after that , they made sure to gain control of the imf . 
  that was easier , we all know the jews are in charge of that , so they took control and made sure to implement stuff all over the world ( argentina etc ) so it would n't look suspicious later on . 
  the muslims made sure also to fight with greece , so they would turn towards the eu , and as soon as they joined the eu in 1986 , step one was completed . 
  having greece as a protectorate in 2113 is just a few steps away now ... ... . 
  since the rest of the world is really quite dense , it just took a few whispered word from the finnish politicians , and kohl et al , decided to create a currency . 
  what more , they decided to create a * flawed * currency , made sure that the economies were not close , the transfers were n't proper etc. 
  this is all because of the finns of course . 
  one of the most sneaky stuff was actually joining the eu * after * greece , no one will believe they are behind it . 
  also , since wwii , the finns have been down in greece , slowly destroying everything . 
  you might think they are just tourists , pale people walking the streets of athens , pretending to watch akropolis , but you are so wrong . 
  everytime the greek tries to build a tax system , the finns hack it . 
  everytime someone pays taxes in greece , the finns cleverly takes it ( why do you think they are rich , and greece is not - duh ) . 
  they have managed to convince the greek politicians that borrowing is good , and why should greece 's biggest industry pay taxes - anyway ( they had a real laugh at that one ) . 
  so , the inevitable crash - step 2 is complete . 
  we are now just at the beginning of step 3 . 
  i could tell you about that , and the other steps , but then i would have to kill you , as i am sure you understand . 
  but rest assure - in the year 2113 finland will rule greece !!!!!!, 
  no one can stop them . 
  you are really a conspiracy nutter . 
  yes , the eu , who ca n't even organise the cap , has , as a whole , decided to gang up on greece , because in 100 years , we are going to make money out of it . 
  since the eu is so super cunning and clever , they start out with actually paying for greece , from 1986 and onwards , but that is ok , since in 2113 , we are going to make money out of it - finally . 
  i see absolutely no problem with that plan ... ... 
   this to me shows that the eu is not trying to actually rescue greece , but basically destroy it from within and then turn it into a protectorate . 
  why would the eu want to do that ? 
  greece costs money , it does n't generate it ? 
  are you saying that the finns for example want greece as some sort of slave labour camp ? 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  while outside forces certainly can influence a country , i tend to `` blame '' the people in the country/countries . 
  thus , the people of the balkans are actually the ones responsible for the balkans . 
   but it worked for iceland , and every country has to serve its own interests in the end . 
  austerity is n't exactly victimless to populations , afterall . 
  sure , it greece want to default , they should . 
  but i hardly think it will work for them in the way it has for iceland , and it most certainly will be bloody . 
  but you are right , if they want to default , they should . 
   the one thing the imf wont be waiting for is the enormous tsunami wave of anger that is building up in greece right now . 
  this might be the tipping point for a full scale revolution this year why would the imf care about that ? 
  you do know that other countries ( the netherlands and the uk for example ) had to cover for the fact that iceland defaulted . 
  a lot of people , normal private citizens , lost their money with kaputhing . 
  the uk and the netherlands paid them the money they lost by iceland refusing to pay them . 
  do you think that is ok ? 
  i have n't quite understood why , or who did it . 
  can a russian perhaps explain the background ? 
  i really do n't understand why almost every single document should n't be public . 
  the exception i assume is military/police ones . 
  what right do they have to withhold information . 
  well , yes , but debt , or increasing debt does n't have to be bad in itself . 
  it can certainly be argued for that borrowing money to stimulate the economy can be valid . 
  that does n't mean that one has to do a greece and get a 150 percent debt . 
  also , austerity , at the moment , might be the wrong word to use , it does n't exactly bring the best of images . 
  why not just say `` controlling its expenses '' . 
   ` sweden is more irrational than you guys on taxe irrational ? 
  as in `` cognition , thinking , talking or acting without inclusion of rationality '' ? 
  i have absolutely no idea what you mean by that . 
  i am saying that sweden have higher taxes and we are better at paying them . 
  how is that `` acting without rationality '' ? 
  to me is very rational to pay taxes , if you want the state to function and to serve you . 
  i think it is much more irrational by greeks * not * to pay taxes , and then expect services . 
  how can that work if they do n't have money ? 
  you seem to want to pity the `` poor greeks '' taxwise since you have such horribly high taxes . 
  the fact is - you do not . 
  you have had unusually * low * taxes , for decades , and now they are rising to a more normal level . 
  why should i feel sorry for you - taxwise of course , when you still pay less then i do , not matter how you calculate it you seem to want me to feel sorry for you taxwise , that the taxes are draining the poor greeks . 
  yes , you are in an awful situation , but the tax rates are most certainly not the reason , nor are they draining you . 
  you are saying that just because the greeks are so used to having low taxes . 
  if i were to pay the taxes you do  please give us some tips on how to remain alive without buying food and shelter , because you do n't seem to have a problem with that despite what you say ' , and are you saying the answer to the greek plight is continuing to have low taxes which you , in addition , are notoriously bad at paying ?
