  i can see that * you * , who refuse to take any responsibility whatsover , see it that way . 
  demanding that they stop being corrupt and stop electing assholes make me a bigot ? 
  i can see that it must be hard for you , paying taxes ...  you are not willing to challenge your bigotry with the facts . 
  i have backed it up . 
  every singel one of them . 
  now apologize , you asshole , or * prove * that greece is not corrupt and that spain pay far more in taxes than we do and that portugal is productive . 
  not that you can , you asshole . 
  you just rant , wanting to avoid actually saying `` we fucked up , we should fix it . 
  we are not victims '' no , you just want more money from northern europe and none of the blame . 
  you are an looser , and will alway be until you start take responsibility . . 
  all you psychology and tribal links - they go for sweden , finland and estonia too . 
  that is not an excuse for not fixing stuff . 
  i know who anne applebaum is ( i agree with you , i like her books ) and about eastern europe/communism . 
  i do not see what gulag has to do with greek corruption . 
  if anything , it just proves that eastern europe had it so much worse than southern europe . 
   my point was n't that they did n't change and that they are victims . 
  but all your arguments just proves the case for actually being a victim for eastern europe , not for southern europe , for example greece and southern italy . 
  i do not agree with you that they are victimes - * they are acting like victims , despite not being it * . 
  everything you have linked to also shows that eastern europe had it much worse , and they are acting like victims . 
  why should southern italy be a victim . 
  and , playing the victim means that they are not trying to fix it , and despite the situation ( some , not everything , no one is responsible for global economy for example , plus the euro is shit ) they are just blaming it on everyone else . 
  * one do not help people like that by giving them money * . 
  one helps them by forcing them to take responsibility . 
   maybe not play the blame game and victimize individuals that are may as well be just as innocent as you are well , as soon as they start taking repsonsibility i 'll stop playing the blame game . 
  you do not see me basing eastern europe , do you ? 
  that is because they do not act and behave like victims . 
  they are trying to fix things . 
   infringements of eu directives : http://ec.europa.eu/eu_law/docs/docs_infringements/annual_report_29/sg_annual_report_monitoring_eu_law_121130.pdf i honestly do not understand what you want me to look at in the report . 
  you do know that italy is the one with most infringements ? 
  what are you trying to prove ? 
   while there is the euro , that currency is set at an average above the real value of what they currencies of the following countries would be . 
  i know that , the euro is a shit currency in a lot of ways and i dislike it . 
  personally i think greece , spain and portugal should leave . 
  however , that does n't mean i should pay for them for decades . 
   however , if not the currency union , they would have been stable and not in the awful situation they are in . 
  again , i agree with you , the euro is an awful currency . 
   my point about the transfers of wealth between different areas was that people accept it as a gain for an internal market . 
  i 'm sure not all areas in sweden , germany , etc. 
  have the same productivity and the same contribution to the national budgets . 
  of course not , but it is not the point . 
  we in sweden are one country , one culture , similar productivity , cultural loyalty , pay as much taxes etc. 
  i do n't mind paying taxes towards gothenburg , ( or i might , but i have a chance to influence it ) but i dislike intensly paying taxes towards athens . 
  you write like we are one country and that i should be ok with paying for greece just because we are on the same continent . 
  why on earth should i do that ? 
  the greeks are responsible for themselves , or at least , they should be . 
  i am not their bloody cash cow . 
  and , even within a country it leads to problems if one area always pay ( look at bavaria for example ) why in god 's name should i sign up for paying for countries who just victimizes themselves , refuse to fix themselves , and pay far , far less in taxes , just because we all are in europe . 
  hardly . 
   . if you consider it so bad to pay for greece and spanish roads with a proportion of your tax dollars , then it would be fair to be as upset about paying for any roads that you may never get to use , such as those in northern sweden , which ( let 's assume , i ` ll fact check soon ) is a net receiver from the national swedish budget . 
  no , because those are a ) swedes that i feel kinship with , and we share history , language , culture . 
  they also pay taxes . 
  * we are one country * . 
  i feel a loyalty and an obligation towards them . 
  i am not in a country with the greeks . 
  and , if i were to start paying for another countries roads , there are countries in far more need , and being far more gracious and not playing the victim card . 
  so , if i should pay for someone elses roads , that would probably be in africa . 
  i mean , you want me to pay for another countries roads . 
  what says that i should feel special loyalty towards the greeks ? 
  why ? 
  they do n't even care about paying taxes and blame everyone else . 
  i 'd rather pay for another countries roads . 
   honestly , i would say that 117 euro seems like a reasonable price for everything the eu does , especially considering that the average gross salary is 3,911 $ / 5,279 $ , monthly ( 2006 ) . 
  no way that is the gross salary . 
  our gross salary in 2012 was 23000 sek/month ( roughly ) , just checked it . 
  that is about 2650 euros/month . 
  also , remember that we pay the highest taxes in the world on that . 
  and saying that it is not a lot - well it depends on things like a ) alternative costs for the money . 
  we could use them for increasing our productivity for example or lowering our very , very high taxes . 
  or investing in environmental causes b ) also , if that means that greece can continuing * not * collecting their taxes and not being productive , it is a very , very , high cost indeed c ) nothing says that our trade would stop with the eu if southern europe received less money from us . 
  it is just money down the drain , they are not working . 
  besides , we are actually paying more , through the imf for example , and we helped bail out ireland . 
  also , money spent incorrectly , while we could have spent it better , is always , wrong , always . 
   italy gives 236.47 and gets 158.11  france gives 277.50 and gets 202.35 **** and , they would give so much more , if the cap , which i * hate * were n't discriminating northern countries and tailored towards southern needs . 
  we give money to wine and tobacco , and an average swedish farmer get less for his cows than a french farmer . 
   so italy , the country that you were specifically mentioning , is actually a giver towards the eu budget and not a receiver . 
  in the budget , yes , but they would give so much more if a ) the stupid cap stopped b ) they fixed southern italy . 
  if you look at southern italy , they are not a giver , nor is i believe , southern france . 
  in the end , i thank you for the links , although i do not understand the context of most if them . 
  the reason for the state of southern europe is still shitty , and they are still not fixing it , still playing the victim . 
  i still see now reason or compelling argument why i should pay for them just because we happen to be in the same corner of the world , in particular since they refuse to take any responsibility . 
  so , i guess i do n't really understand what you are saying , but , just so we are clear , southern europe are not victims . 
  you still have n't come up with any argument why i should pay for them , not at all . 
  also , no argument why they should n't be held responsible , which they are . 
  so , if they are responsible , it only makes sense not to give them more money , not to bail them out , not to fix things for them . 
  furthermore , what you did forget to answer was that for how long are northern europe going to pay for them - is n't three decades enough ? 
  how are they going to fix themselves , and in what timeframe ? 
  i honestly do not believe they will ever do , until we stop sending money there . 
   but most of your rants are unjustified : which ones ? 
  the ones about southern europe payin less taxes or being more corrupt ? 
  or them choosing to vote for corrupt people ? 
  or , the one about the fact that the north have been paying the south for decades ( not northern italy , but southern , i 'll admit to that ) . 
  i 'd like for you to scientifically point out where my `` rants '' are wrong . 
  with sources please . 
   still , sorry we can develop fast enough for your taste . 
  so , stop asking for money then . 
  all i ask . 
  start paying for your own stuff and become net contributors . 
  why ca n't spain do that then if you are so rich ? 
  i am all for it , you are rich - so * start paying money instead of receiving * . 
   no , they are not economically on the same level than italy , spain , portugal or even greece .
