  no , but they will be . 
  and they have not been on the reciving end of the norts money for decades . 
  they have pulled themselves out . 
  do you want to take a look at chinas and brazils development in comparison to greece 's ? 
  [ here ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.mktp.kd.zg ) , world bank data . 
  look at gdp growth for example . 
  what more , they are doing it on their own , and * not * blaming anyone else . 
   in other comment you made some remarks blaming italians for keeping voting berlusconi over and over . 
  i bet you believe your elderlies there in sweden make the most educated decisions and are immune to tv propaganda . 
  allow me to doubt it . 
  i 've lived in sweden and you guys are not often of the critical and skeptical type , more like rather gullible . 
  so , if italians are not responsible for berlusconi - who is ? 
  are you saying that they did not vote for him ? 
  i 'd like scientific proof for that please . 
  otherwise they * are responsible for him . 
  or are you saying that people in a democracy is not responsible for their leaders ? 
  so , germany is not responsible for merkel , and sweden really did n't elect reinfeldt , nor did the brits vote for cameron ? 
  i 'd like for you to follow that one up really thoroughly , again with scientific proof of course . 
  otherwise you are just talking shit . 
   i bet you believe your elderlies there in sweden make the most educated decisions and are immune to tv propaganda . 
  assumptions . 
  i have never said that . 
  again , you are making idiotic assumptions that you can not prove . 
  how come i am not suprised . 
   llow me to doubt it . 
  i 've lived in sweden and you guys are not often of the critical and skeptical type , more like rather gullible doubt your own assumptions about me . 
  yes , you should do that , since they are idiotic . 
  but you are right , we are gullible , and the south have been milking that and using that for decades . 
  and when someone like me comes along and calls them out you immediately calls me a racist/superios . 
  well , if they stop being corrupt , start working towards being productive and start paying their taxes , i 'll stop calling the south corrupt with low productivity who are voting for assholes . 
  however - calling the south sceptical , you are dreaming . 
  if one is sceptical , one do not vote for berlusconi , again and again . 
  same for greece , they have had decades of not if one truly is sceptical and want to improve things , one do not go down the road the italians and the greeks have . 
   if you had cared to read about it , you 'd see there are many italians that are very militant against berlusconi 's moves , and are constantly denouncing his shenanigans in any possible way . 
  again , you are lying . 
  how do you know i do not care ? 
  i have followed the italian elections , but since you do not care about the truth i guess , i suppose you feel better when you lie . 
  furthermore , the fact that some italians are against berlusconi and his ilkes does n't matter one shit , when the rest of them keep electing him . 
  it is like the us . 
  what does it matter if some americans were against bush from the year 2000 . 
  i did n't stop bush from being elected , invading iraq despite everyone saying there were no chemcal weapons ( and surprisingly enough , americans , just like you , blame the media instead of taking responsibility themselves . 
  are you saying that americans are innocent in the iraq war , and in the election of bush ? 
  if italians are innocent , so are they . 
  at the end of the days the american people choose , to elect and re-elect bush and to invade iraq and in general behave like a bullying asshole for most of a decade . 
  i hold the americans responsible for that . 
  just like i hold italians responsible for berlusconi . 
  so , again , back up with proof what you are claiming . 
  furhtermore , i 'd like for you to explain when southern italy is going to be fixed , and how . 
  i 'd also like for you to tell me for how many more decades the north is going to pay for the south , and how much . 
  also , i 'd like for you to extensively explain what has happened with all the billions greece has received , and where they have gone . 
  furthermore , i 'd like for you to answer that when estonia , and other baltic states can pull themselves up , out and together to the point that they can pay for greece , why greece ca n't fix themselves ? 
  why ca n't southern italy be fixed ? 
  also , why are you saying southern europeans are not responsible for their own countries ? 
  are you claiming that greek corruption is finland 's fault ? 
  and if southern europe are responsible , why ca n't you let them take that responsibility ? 
  they messed up , they should fix it . 
  well , people are signalling that they do not care about rules , teamwork , and above all , the law . 
  if one do not like the rules , one re - negotiates them , one do not cheat or ignore . 
  or are you saying that is fine ? 
  sweden do not like the cap so we ignore it , and germany think the eu fee is to high so one stops paying ? 
  what sort of signals does that sends and above all , who is such an ass so they think that they can be above the law and just ignore it ? 
  furthermore - how can anyone who acts like that ever be trusted . 
  we know know that most countries just do n't give a shot about laws when it does n't suit them . 
  would you want to work with countries and people like that ? 
  good . 
  they can start now . 
  however , for us who deal with reality , there is no chance in hell of that happening for decades . 
  greece has been receiving money for 32 years . 
  for how many decades more do you think the north should pay for them ? 
  countries who did n't exist when they entered the eu , like estonia , are paying for them . 
  at some point they have to take responsibility and one also has to say that obviously the constant transfers from north to south are not working . 
  empires have risen and fallen southern italy is still not working . 
  what more , countries like brazil , china , korea has pulled themselves out if poverty . 
  why ca n't southern europe do that . 
  why should we give money to something that does n't work ? 
  or are you saying that it does ? 
  honestly , you are not answering my questions at all . 
  why are you avoiding it ? 
  i answer yours . 
  so , please , start answering mine . 
  how are you going to fix southern europe ? 
  what timeframe ? 
  how much money are you going to transfer , or are you seriously planning on a federation without financial transfer ? 
   i ` ll look up cases of corruption and questionable votes when i have time . 
  of course we have it , just not to the same degree . 
  [ here ] ( http://cpi.transparency.org/cpi2012/results/ ) is the international corruption index from 2012 . 
  the nordic countries are all in a top 10 , ( ok , iceland is 11 ) . 
  spain is 30 , portugal 33 , italy 72 and greece 94 . 
  so , yes , we have corruption , but no , nowhere near southern europe . 
   i do n't disagree with most of what you accused them of . 
  told you , i was right :-) . 
  btw - in the 64 page document you posted , what did you want me to look at ? 
  you do know that italy had most infrigements right ? 
  what are you trying to prove ? 
   moreover , you seem to be doing it because of a sense of superiority ... 
  sigh , still no proof . 
  you really have decided not to post any proof and just read stuff into everything i said . 
  if you ca n't accuse me of calling them lazy , you have to make new stuff up . 
  why not stop posting stuff you have no evidence for ? 
   you look at all their failures and condemn them , that was my point .
