  when you do n't have a job , are living in poverty , ca n't pay your bills and decide to work illegaly for a monthly paycheck that 's less than what the average swede earns in 3 days , you do n't rate paying taxes as highly as igelkotten . 
  proof that everyone who cheats on their taxes in spain are otherwise starving . 
  that is bull of course . 
  why did you cheat before the crises then ? 
   ** ca n't pay your bills and decide to work illegaly for a monthly paycheck that 's less than what the average swede earns in 3 days , you do n't rate paying taxes as highly as igelkotten . 
  again why did you do it before the crises then ? 
  so , you did not cheat before , but now you have to ? 
  that is a lie , and that is your argument for sweden paying towards spain - that you do n't like me ? 
  then there is nothing - but it is not what they say . 
  if you have an income - then you pay taxes . 
  and , the spanish economy have * always * had a larger non declared part than the swedish with less people paying taxes , lower taxes as that . 
  so for your argument to hold the illegal economy have to have started in 2009 . 
  did it ? 
  hardly . 
  why did you do it before then ? 
  when we paid money towards spain ? 
  oh i agree , certainly . 
  dear god , they should have no power over taxation , none . 
  in fact , i can come up with very few areas where i prefer the eu in comparison to our government . 
  however , how come that we year after year pay taxes towards countries where they pay far less and where the corruption is never improved . 
  one could for example stop funds to corrupt regions ? 
  and , certainly there should be a time limit on those funds . 
  i mean - if the structural funds are working , - why are greece , portugal etc still receiving them . 
  plus - countries who pay towards other countries and who pay their taxes should perhaps be given a discount . 
  if all of us pay 1 % , maybe the non corrupt high taxes countries should pay less ? 
  i mean , it is certainly very unfair towards the citizens of the high taxed , tax paying countries . 
  they do the right thing , and end up paying for corrupt countries . 
  if the eu cared , they should intervene . 
   yes ... but germany has still cut emissions . 
  as has the us . 
  still idiots in the co2 emission cutting race though , as is germany . 
   ahead of the internationally agreed commitments even which are a ) ridiculously low . 
  b ) on purpose sabotaged by china and the us ( thanks wikileaks ) as to be low . 
  it is like one is a good runner in a race with one legged people , just because one has two legs . 
   we can hardly say that they are not taking climate change seriously . 
  yes , i can , as an environmentalist i do n't think it is smart , i think it is beyond stupid to go for coal and * make sure * they will have a lot of co2 emissions , to * make sure * they will help drive the global climate change when they have the option not to . 
  it is beyond idiotic . 
  the most pressing issue in todys climate debate is not nuclear - it is not even on the map . 
  it is co2 ( and ch4 ) emissions . 
  the fact that germany willingly ignores that and chooses to drive the climate change - that means that they do not take climate change seriously , because then one would obviously not go for the co2 emissions . 
  so , yes , i can and i am accusing them of not taking climate change seriously , not at all . 
   if anything diversity of energy production is exactly why the us emissions have fallen so sharply over these past few years . 
  consider that if natural gas/shale and nuclear power were opposed in the usa in the same way they have been in germany , would this less diverse and more ideological america have lower ghge ? 
  probably not . 
  more diverse and less ideological ( as in less republican driven , right wing ideologies ) that is what i meant . 
  and yes , they would most certainly have less emissons , and more diversity . 
   in fairness they have still cut emissions . 
  it 's just less than they could have done even more with a diverse and less ideological approach well , in that sense , the us is brilliant then , since they have cut emissions too . 
  they could also have done more with a less diverse and ideological apprroach ... ... that arguments really do not hold , i am sad to say . 
  you can use it on anyone . 
  germans willingly abandon co2 emission free nuclear to go for coal - since they do not have the capacity to be 100 % renewable . 
  thus , the germans willingly , and on purpose , choose to add extra co2 to the athmosphere and rush the climate change . 
  it is idiotic and unresponsible , and not in any way `` green '' or environmental friendly . 
  not to mention how they pollute the air . 
  and , of course the most important thing - they are not going green . 
  instead of having no co2 emissions with nuclear they choose coal . 
  so , not only are they messing up their energy - they are not even going green . 
  and , green is good , but if one ca n't accomplish that quickly , then go for nuclear ( and perhaps whatever thorium reactor they can get in the future ) . 
  it is extremely important that we try to curb our co2 emissions . 
  are you saying that we have wealth tax ... you did n't even read the link above did you . 
  they even said they were going to remove it , in the article . . 
  but , i am not surprised , you are a whiner and a complainer and just out to complain . 
  what is belgium doing in the euro btw ? 
  why do n't you respect the growth and stability pact ? 
  why ca n't you leave , pay fines , etc ? 
  and - is that how belgium follows laws and treaties ? 
  ignore them ? 
  who gave you the right to cheat ? 
  you should not be in the euro , nor italy and greece . 
  btw - i ca n't wait for you to start whining about the ftt - blaming everyone but yourself when the ftt does n't work . 
  i honestly ca n't make up my mind . 
  nearest and dearest to my heart i the [ archepelargo ] ( http://mabra.com/files/2012/07/sk%c3%a4rg%c3%a5rd.jpg ) . 
  however , hiking in the swedish mountain is pure meditation . 
  it can look like [ this ] ( http://www.svenskaturistforeningen.se/pagefiles/18368/forstafjalltur_545x300.jpg ) . 
  or [ this ] ( http://www.visitfjallen.se/files/img/vandring_mot_smila.jpg ) . 
  and one day , i will conquer [ this ] ( http://migrated.ifokus.se/uploads/10c/10c27f90b642e0936224aa5658510f1a/sarek2.jpg ) . ( sarek ) . 
  and , i also think it should be a human right to have a bit a space around them , a forrest to walk around in . 
  that is really something i miss when i am in the rest of europe ( excluding russia , finland , norway etc ) . 
  i mean , [ this ] ( http://www.lansstyrelsen.se/stockholm/sitecollectionimages/sv/djur-och-natur/skyddad-natur/tyresta-by-skog-hel.jpg ) is really nice to walk around in a whole day . 
  or [ this ] ( http://ulfbjolin.files.wordpress.com/2013/05/ubj7889_20121021_skog_wp.jpg ) . 
  being outdoors/outside in a forrest , walking hiking - it is like mediation and ones batteries is completely refilled . 
  eeh , it was 800 000 and then it was higher and then removed . 
  some are , some are not . 
  after the olympics , sweden , like the us and a lot of other countries i imagine , send athletes to paralympics . 
  they also get outfits/clothes etc from the swedish olympic committee so it is logical that they to get to wear and model them . 
  they represent us too . 
  several countries in europe let all of their athletes , not just the non handicapped ones model and wear their clothes . 
  where does your handicapped athletes get their outfits from ? 
  the wikipedia article i posted is hardly behind a pay wall . 
  and it clearly states that the swedish trade due to the ftt moved to oslo and london . 
  what is your problem with that ? 
  why are you against that ? 
  separate those two - i am talking about two things . 
  the ftt and the wealth tax . 
  and in the ** ftt ** case we are talking about oslo . 
  and - we are also talking about the 90 's and 80 's , when oslo was cheaper than sweden and norway is still less taxed then sweden btw . 
  i do n't think they have a wealth tax . 
  and - yes , large amount of money ( which you seem to be mixing up with the ftt ) was a ) moved from sweden due to the wealth tax b ) never even got here . 
  as i stated before , we earned money when we removed it because more money flowed in , and people with money . 
  that is good .
