  why ? 
  would n't you , at the time though , still have voted yes ? 
   i can imagine that the north is n't happy about what 's happening in the south , but you can be sure that this mess was created by all of us . 
  no , of course the mess were n't created by all of you , or even any of you . 
  what i mean is that the loss in competitiveness that has happened is not `` created '' by anyone , it is what happens in a currency union , that is `` economics 101 '' . 
  it is not because anyone is corrupt or lazy . 
  that said , i am not overly impressed with what i have learned about the greek/italian corruption , and the lack of willingness to battle it + the fact that they do not seem willing to even start do necessary structural changes . 
  i am , and i think i can speak for a lot of people in europe , not prepared to do those things that one did in west germany to offset/balance what is happening in the south . 
  i am not prepared to send 20 % of our gdp in the south , pay off spain 's debt , keep portuguese schools going etc. 
  not because i particularely hate the south or think it deserves what is happeing to them , but becuase * i do not want to be one country/one union * . 
  those thing , like in germany , is things one do in one country , another fine example of that would be the us . 
  i do n't want to have a say in spainish politics , and i most definately do not want them to have a say in swedish . 
  basically , to save the euro , properly , we would all have to become a united states of europe , for real , and i really , really do not want that . 
  i can imagine that a lot of people in the south feel the same - we are not one people and frankly , why would we want to be one country ? 
   yesterday , we were informed that , with luck , the austerity will end in 2040 , we already have a huge social crisis , does this sound feasible ? 
  that actually sounds pretty likely . 
   i wonder what would have happened if we just left the euro ?!, 
  could it really be much more painful than it already is ? 
  oh but believe me , if portugal or greece or any country leaves the euro now the shit storm will hit everyone . 
  i think it is smart to leave the euro , it will be a short shitstorm , but i think you would start to regain your competitiveness within a year , and at least your destiny will be in your hands . 
  what i also think will happend if you leave , that you will force other countries to leave , like greece , spain and italy , whether they want to or not . 
  see , then the investors know that countries leaving will be a reality , and their interest rates will go through the roof . 
  the ecb can not , nor do they have the money to , buy bonds for all of the south , all of the time . 
  so , if one country leave , the whole deck of cards will fall . 
  we live in interesting times indeed ... 
   well , hopefully it wo n't be an issue in next decade , as we are n't joining eurozone anytime soo does the eurozone knows this ? 
   and after all most of criteria are still unfulfilled by poland . 
  keep unfulfilling them :-), 
  look at a * good * currency union , the ddr and the former west germany ( brd ) . 
  the ddr , had lower competitiveness ( probably lower than greece , portugal etc ) , but , they had several other things going for them . 
  no foreign debt , complete banking union and a guarantee that the banks would be ok , permanent transfers from brd to keep the social system going when the unemployment went up due to lower competitiveness ( as in unemployment benefits , minimum standards in school , health care , etc ) , investment from companies and the german government and * huge * popular support . 
  ddr has received * trillions * from brd , and they are still receiving over 100 billion euros each year . 
  yet , it is still noticable that the ( former ) ddr is not as competitive as ( the former ) west germany if you look at the productivity and unemployment numbers . 
  the gap is much , much smaller though . 
  it has been 23 years , with the full support of a rich germany , and the german population ... . now , compare that to ( for example ) portugal . 
  while not as uncompetitive as ddr , they do not have the benefit of no debt , a proper banking union , financial transfers to help out with social issues , willingess of other countries to invest , willingness of government to spend billions ... . . the portuguese are doing the only thing they can do under the circumstances - cutting cost . 
  i do n't think anybody is saying that no costs should be cut , but as many people correctly points out , other things need to happen too - but they are not . 
  nor will they actually - no one is willing to permanently transfer billions to portugal , or take over their debt . 
  so , for how long should the portuguese keep going . 
  ddr are not there in 23 years , i do not dare to predict how long it will take the portuguese . 
  i am not saying that there should be a complete union . 
  one ca n't force people in it and say - look , we need to be one country now , or l hand over 30 % of your gdp to the south . 
  people have n't voted for that , they voted for a currency union , not a transfer/complete union . 
  a thing like a transfer/complete union need to be democratic . 
  frankly , it is not going to happen , nor do i think it should against peoples will . 
  so , the solution is either to soldier on , suffering , for x number of years - but for what ? 
  or , take the fall , and start fresh . 
  i know which one i would choose . 
  what frustates me is that no one talk about how the construction of the euro aids to the problems . 
  i think peoples opinion about leaving the euro might change if they understood the basic economics behind it . 
  if i were a pole/latvian or anyone out to join the euro , i would take an extra look at the wage and productivity development graph . 
  that is the loss in internal competitiveness right there ( it is between 20-30 % up to 2008 , if my memory serves me right , eurostat ) . 
  i have had poles telling me that naturally this phenomenon will of course not happen to them , and i would really like for you to explain why ? 
  how are you going to deal with the loss in competitiveness ? 
  i would re-do the whole euro . 
  it is possible that a lot of countries , like portugal and greece , would end up outside , but it is better than having the next +25 years in a recession/austerity for southern europe . 
  the fact is , the euro is a really bad currency union , and it aids enormously to the hardship of the south . 
  is the whole of the eu really heading into a double dip recession ? 
  could you link to that . 
  i am extremely surprised , i am sure i would have heard if sweden was in a double dip recession . 
  so , i would love to have more information about that please . 
  so , portugal does n't have to follow the budget rules ? 
  shall we guess that france and spain are next ? 
  i am having a hard time believing that france will pay its fines now , when other countries do n't have to . 
  i do n't really mind that portugal gets an exemption , but is n't this the start of the same slippery slope as before ? 
  if one country gets it - everyone 's out . 
  also , this is written statues that everyone , legally has signed . 
  how can one just get an out from that ? 
  can every country get outs from written agreements then , if it is difficult to meet targets ? 
  i am sure all countries gave problems with different stuff . 
  see - the slippery slope and the moral hazard arguments have already started ... . 
  the euro really is the most imperfect of currency unions . 
  exactly . 
  and why should people who use to much receive cap ? 
  why are n't they doing anything ? 
  why are we letting our continent get poisened , and even give them money to do it ? 
  why is the south receiving all the money , and not even following the rules ? 
  is it possible that the eu do not care , with france as the leading culprit ? 
  this is not what i want my tax money to go to . 
  but the spanish slug is not here because of climate change , although it might not improve things . 
  and northern europe do have bugs etc that can ruin crops . 
  [ peace and love ] ( http://peaceandlove.se/news/article/425 ) in borl\u00e4nge , sweden perhaps ? 
  ( i assume you understand some written swedish ) . 
  well , yes , i know , but i do n't have the energy to . 
  at least one can say that if france has more pesticides in anything that denmark and sweden also grows , like wheat for example , they better have a good explanation as to why or , if their grapes have more pesticides in them than italian/german - they should also do it . 
  i hardly think it is all due to geography ... ... 
  does n't this prove that one do n't need to have more pesticides than necessary ( at least in a lot of the agriculture ) but they choose to have it ? 
  so , these are countries that also receive a lot of cap money , and they do not follow the rules . 
  should n't we give them less then ? 
  because it worked so well the last time ... ? 
  if france 's budget deficit is 3,7 , should n't they , with the other euro countries who do not obey the budget rules , start paying the fines then , or is it 2014 ? 
  i know , nor any ingvar kamprad ( ikea guy ) . 
  perhaps you have to live in sweden , which kamprad does n't , or somehow actively participate in the debates . 
  do n't really know what they based the list on , but i think it was a questionnaire they sent out to x number of people in media etc. 
  i di n't know it was supposed to close ... is there a plan for that ? 
  maybe there was one within the eurozone ? 
  would n't hold my breath for waiting for the gap to close . 
  a magazine ( focus ) makes a list every year of the 100 most influental swedes . 
  if you remove the politicians , the top 10 looks like this : 1 ) karl petersson thorwaldsson - in charge of swedens biggest union 2 ) leif johansson , ceo of volvo 3 ) markus wallenberg - ceo and chairman of seb ; saab gripen and a lot of other companies . 
  4 ) stefan ingves - head of the swedish national bank ( sveriges riksbank ) 5 ) peje emilsson - ceo kreab 6 ) jakob wallenberg - another one from the wallenberg family 7 ) sverker martin l\u00f6f - chairman of industriv\u00e4rlden , who owns handelsbanken , among other things 8 ) victoria - crown princess of sweden 9 ) peter wolodarski - leader writer at the newspaper dagens nyheter 10 ) gustaf douglas - owner of wasatornet .
