  does that reflect well do you think on eu 's ability to govern and make sound financial decisions ? 
  i know that people will complain that the rating agencies are useless , american etc , but i do think they are right . 
  eu are not acting responsibly , not at all in a financially , nor are they trying to correct mistakes or things that has gone wrong . 
  the eu does in no way deserve a triple a , so a downgrade is good . 
   there are such things as feasibility studies , usually done before major investments . 
  one could be done to check if eventual serbia 's eu membership is feasible for both serbia and the eu . 
  it wo n't be , but it could ( and should , why not ? ) . 
  feasible is not the same thing as beneficial . 
  and , those studies are notoriously untr\u00fastworthy btw . 
  one would have to prove that serbia would add , not take . 
  that is very hard . 
   you keep comparing serbia to pigs countries , but they are not the best comparison . 
  we are , by the structure of our economy and goals , way more similar to the 8 eastern european countries admitted in 2004 . and they seem to be doing fairly well for themselves . 
  true , they are still net receivers , but seem to be using that money well a ) do not call them pigs . 
  they think that is insulting . 
  b ) and why not ? 
  they are the countries that have been on the receiving end the longest + 30 years . 
  c ) yes , many of the eastern european countries have been on the receiving end since 2004 and they seem to be doing ok , some of them . 
  however , that is equivalent with greece in 1988 , or spain/portugal in 1994 - it was a roaring success then , was n't it ? 
  it is a huge possibility that it is the same for eastern europe . 
  furthermore - the corruption has not gone down in any of the countries , neither in the giips or in eastern europe . 
  you are suggesting , that we ignore the long terms studies that we do have , just to add serbia . 
  why should we do that ? 
  where is the science behind that ? 
  please explain why we should ignore the lessons from spain/portugal and greece ? 
  and , again , in every single country we see that the eu makes no difference when it comes to corruption . 
  so , serbia will be just as corrupt as before . 
  what would the eu benefit from adding a hugely corrupt country ? 
  it sounds a bit harsh perhaps , but what would serbia bring to the table ? 
   i am not sure how is this connected . 
  once the country is in the eu , there is no good mechanism to force the country to behave ( there should be ! ) . 
  in the accession stage , however , the accession process itself is such a mechanism no , exactly . 
  once you are in , you are in . 
  that is why serbia should not be added . 
   not sure about sweden , but eu countries such as austria , italy , hungary , croatia , slovenia , romania , bulgaria and greece have a very clear interest in serbia and the rest of the balkans joining in , as they are close and have a lot of money invested in those economies . 
  the potential rejection of serbia would permanently cripple our economy , but would also have adverse effects to the countries mentioned above . 
   for some reason , countries like uk and sweden also seem to be pushing , and even the dutch who vetoed albania few days ago said it is the right time for serbia to start the process . 
  i think we are pushing because of our foreign minister and our eu minister . 
  bildt likes the balkans because he sees himself as a stateman and knowledgeable about the area ( not saying that he is , but that is how he fancies himself ) and birgitta olsson is a folkpartist . 
  that means that she has never met an organisation she does n't want to join ( like nato for example ) and she want the eu to be a federal state , preferably with every state in the world as a member . 
  thanks . 
  sigh . 
  honestly you seem not to understand what you argued before . 
  you have claimed that sweden would benefit from serbia joining . 
  prove that . 
  and that serbia would add to the eu , not receive . 
  prove that . 
  this still do not prove that serbia would be a net payer . 
  nor does it mean that serbia would be less corrupt . 
  it only proves that serbia want money . 
  my money . 
  and it does n't prove that the cohesion funds work in the long term . 
  in fact - they do not . 
  greece , spain and portugal proves that . 
  greece and italy proves that the eu does not make the slightest difference in the fight against corruption . 
  apparently you do not understand . 
  a paper that proves that serbia will be a net payer , non corrupt and that the cohesion funds work . 
  you have posted a paper that says romania wants our money . 
  not that it is beneficial to me . 
  so again , what would be the benefit for me . 
  you said you had the studies !, 
  have you been lying ? 
  i am waiting . 
  still . 
  please post the studies that you say that youhave . 
  why do n't you do that ? 
  are you a coward?why would anyone refuse to post studies that they have , according to you . 
  the only answer i can come up with is that you have been lying all along and have no studies . 
  none . 
  so , instead of admitting to the fact that serbia would cost money and be a net recipient you make up stuff and lie . 
  oh , yes , that is exactly the sort of people i do not want in the eu . 
  people who lie . 
  people who does n't know what science is . 
  so , post the studies or admit that you made stuff up just because you want to be in the eu . 
  still no science studies ? 
  i am waiting ... 
  you are correct , and it goes for all fish that one should n't eat it . 
  my salmon comes from the atlantic . 
  wee , among others , but basically the baltic sea is one of the worst oceans in the world to eat fish from . 
  mercury , ddt , pcb etc. 
  basically anything you throw in there stays there . 
  fertile women should n't . 
  where is the science . 
  is this a serbian thing ? 
  no science . 
  i am waiting !!!!!, 
  i want links to proper scientific papers . 
  or is so bad that you are just a lying cunt . 
  just give me the links that you say you have ... 
  i am still waiting for science ... i do n't give a shit where you are from . 
  just prove to me that you will be a net contributor , or give me a scientific good reason , why i should pay . 
  none of the people in this thread , none . 
  have proven anything , apart from the fact that you have no scientific evidence . 
  why ca n't you post any ? 
  yes , but can you get the rest of the people in the thread to admit , just like you did , that you are going to steal our money and be corrupt instead of pretending that you will ever contribute with anything . 
  i mean , even you probably understand how useless you are . 
  not all of serbia , but if they are like you and the rest of the people who does n't even remotely know what an article or science is - well , we have to pay for idiots like that . 
   na get you bankrupt . 
  thank you , we already have the serbian mafia . 
  you are already spreading your reputation around europe .
