  that is a good enough reason for me to blame the eu , and dislike them . 
   obviously we europeans must combat this corruption , so every country in europe is less corrupt than even sweden . 
  well , it is not being done . 
  for example , look at the current bank bail outs ? 
  oh , have we stopped handing over cap money to countries that do not obey , or use to much perticides ? 
  i mean , all i see from your side is nice words - fight corruption , blablabla . 
  but , is it actually being done ? 
  i have for example , yet to wait for a single country paying fines for breaking the maastrich treaty , or just cutting the cap to france for they are not following the pesticide rules . 
  so , prove to me that the corruption is sinking , and that things are being done . 
  give me the countries that are fined or thrown out for not following the rules . 
   i defend the eu , this ? 
  [ link ] ( http://euobserver.com/justice/119300 ? ), 
  how can you defend the betrayal of cap , of pesticides , of fishing , of cutting the research , etc ? 
   this can be done without destroying the european project . 
  no , the eu is destroying the european project . 
  i used to be a bit more like you , but after actually reading up on corruption , the eurozone crises , and reading a lot about the cap , i have learned to dislike the eu . 
  if the eu wanted to save the european project , why not act like it ? 
  start with a proper bank save , and following the rules perhaps , cutting the cap for france for example . 
  both you and i know that is never going to happen , which tells us all we need to know about the eu . 
   what i mean is that no country has been betrayed by another 's disregard of the treaties . 
  germany , britain , france , holland , sweden , finland could have pressured greece to reform before their situation spiralled out of control . 
  no , we could not . 
  we are nine million people , and yes , it is a betrayal . 
  how in god 's name can you say that a breaking of a treaty is not a betrayal . 
  if sweden start building nuclear arms , would n't it be a betrayal , since we have signed treaties not to do it . 
  it is a betrayal , if for example sweden follow the fishing quotas laid out by the eu , but denmark does n't . 
  then we get hurt in the process . 
  same thing , if one country decides to overuse pesticed , and does n't get punished for it - first the farmers get an unfair advantage , second , i get poisend by them . 
  ** breaking a treaty is betrayal ** . 
  period , over and out . 
  just because more countries are doing it , does n't make it less so , or less corrupt . 
  because that is what it is - corruption . 
  and , that is also what level the corruption has reached - the highest . 
  so , the eu is corrupt as fuck . 
  and , countries are * supposed * to follow treaties , and you are not an accomplice , if you are unable to stop it . 
  they are responsible , not us . 
   in fact , the whole reason the northern countries are so eager not to let greece collapse is because greek debt is owned by northern banks . 
  german banks , please , not northern . 
  swedish banks have a minimum exposure to it . 
  and , a much smarter move would have been to save system important banks , both in germany and greece , let the rest collapse . 
  they would have learned a lesson too . 
   the ecb will oversee most of europe 's banks and make sure they do not put themselves in such risk again . 
  oh , they are , are they ? 
  you yourself are saying : '' and yes , there is not enough risk , but the ecb is taking measures to fix this . '', 
  no , they are not . 
  if they really wanted to fix it , they would have taken ownership . 
  then you hit banks where it matters , they loose ownership . 
  the eurozone has willingly chosen a bad bank save , because they are in the pocket of bankers . 
  i am glad that you at least agree to the fact that treaties are to be followed , but you have to agree with me that the eu is corrupt as fuck , the most important treaties there are , are not being followed . 
  also , you seem to be scandinavian judging by your name , i do n't understand how you can defend the behaviour of the eu . 
  exactly . 
  so , are people really ok with using eu tax payers money to benefit rich russians ? 
   it 's only a problem if one party decides to ignore the treaty . 
  if every party decides to forget about the treaty ( the bailouts ) then what is the problem ? 
  are you honestly this ignorant ? 
  so , for example , if sweden decides , agaonst treaties , to start building nuclear weapons it is not a problem ? 
  it not a problem if we start torturing , or throwing pesticides in the baltics ? 
  treaties are there for a reason , and saying it is ok it so stupid . 
  are you saying for example that there would be no problem if everyone broke the treatis on fishing ? 
  i can tell you what would happen - fishes would be extinct at an even faster rate . 
  do n't you think that is a problem ? 
  second - why the hell do you think got the eurozone in this mess ? 
  do you honestly think it would be this bad ( it would still be bad , due to the construction of the euro , but that is a whole different issue ) if everyone had followed the treaties ? 
  greece would n't even be in the eurozone , billions would have been saved and * many of the countries in the eurozone would not be in a recession , had treaties been followed * . 
  so , the costs are over trillions , and the problems are to many to count . 
  so yes , it is an enormous problem , at costs to high to calculate , not to mention the human tragedies in it wake . 
   although i suppose not every country has broken the treaties . 
  sweden perhaps is one of those . 
  has sweden brought up the issue at the european level ? 
  no we have not . 
  nor have finland or estonia . 
   it 's only a problem if one party decides to ignore the treaty . 
  if every party decides to forget about the treaty ( the bailouts ) then what is the problem ? 
  and , by following the rules . - it is a huge problem for me that my food is poisened by the french and italians , among others , that overuse pesticide . 
  it is a huge problem for me that the bees are dying . 
  it is a huge problem , that due to the extremely incompetent save we do not have a working financial market . 
  as it is now , the banks can do any move they want , without taking any risks , because all of them , will always be bailed out , at no costs . 
  you do not have to have studied a lot to understand that it imbalances the whole market . 
  if there are no risks , the banks do not have to act or hedge against it . 
  of course there * are * risks , but instead of the owners carrying the costs , the tax payers are now doing it - that is the wet dream of any banker . 
  i can sit and list problems with not following the rules all day , which have * direct * consequences for me . 
   i 'm not an economist , so i 'm not going to judge . 
  are you an economist ? 
  no , three semesters of it before i got bored , but i can also read , as can you , and you can read about the swedish bank save - it was decided a `` good save '' . 
  please , go ahead , search , google it . 
  then compare it to the eurozone one . 
  you seem intelligent enough , read a bit about it . 
  i honestly can not believe that you mean that is not a problem when countries follow treaties . 
  it strikes me as so ignorant that i am stunned . 
  please say you did n't mean it as it sounded , because then i give up , your a idiot if you mean that . 
  does anyone how any information of how much of the money in cypriotic banks actually belongs to ordinary cypriotic people ? 
  my guess is very little , of the total amount . 
  i mean , if 80 % of the money in cypriotic banks belongs to russian mobsters/oligarch etc , then we are essentially taxing criminal money which is fine . 
  also , if the majority of the money belongs to non cypriotic people , that also means that we are using european tax payers money to save russian mob money . 
  that is not ok . 
  however , if only 20 % of the money is non cypriotic , i can understand one not doing it . 
  yes , they do , but not all of it - they can at least pick and choose . 
  also , i can understand the oil argument , that might be true . 
  you did n't answer however , why the eurozone did n't do a proper bank save , or why some banks are not allowed to go bust ( like in denmark ) or why the countries are not following the treaties , at all ? 
  do you think it is ok to ignore treaties ?
