  that is what a financial union entails . 
  and , countries * will * loose more of their financial indpendence . 
  also , the `` aid '' is not voluntarily - do you really think finland and estonia has the free choice to say no ? 
  the `` aid '' is not voluntarily given , not at all . 
  most of the people do not want to give it - i know my country was given shit for not just taking part of the banking union , and finland is constantly berated for trying to get collateral since `` everyone '' apparently says that they are supposed to sign it off . 
  so , if you have an idea that countries voluntarily will pay off each other debt , i think you are very naive . 
  otherwise , i would like to know how you think the crises can be handled , without a financial union , which you say against what you think . 
  yes , i can see that you are a mature person who really has the arguments on your side . 
  when you run out of your arguments ( which i guess are around two ) , you try the personal attacks - is that how you always do it ? 
  to stupid to formulate an answer , so you just type something personal instead ? 
   you also dont seem to understand that if there had been a fiscal union the debt crisis would n't have been as bad . 
  no one here is against democracy and saying that a fiscal union would imply finland paying off portugal 's debt shows you dont understand what a fiscal union is and what it is for . 
  i do understand what a fiscal union is . 
  it is debt sharing among other things , which you do not seem to get . 
  that means that the finnish debt of ca 40 % get pooled with the portuguese debt of 120 % . 
  obviously the finns would now loose out , since the common debt would be bigger than what the finns started out with ( and other countries to , but since the finns and the estonians has the lowest debt , they would loose the most ) are you honestly suggesting a fiscal union * without * debt sharing ? 
  without permanent transfers too ? 
  then you have a monetary union , my friend , the one we have now . 
  so , are you saying that you want to create a fiscal union , but no finns in it , or no debt sharing ? 
  you ca n't have it both ways you know . 
  i think you do not really know economics , my friend . 
  also - do you think it ok to break the law ? 
  how are you going to build a fiscal union without a treaty ? 
  because , debt sharing , paying off someone else 's debt , and transfers are forbidden in the maastricht treaty ? 
  so , what sort of fiscal union are you going to build if you follow it ? 
  or , are you going to ignore it ? 
   so , turkey is far from being perfect , but it is improving rapidly  as long as it is going forward , then it is improving . 
  yes , the idiots seem to have a bloated precense . 
  i mean , even the guy who says that evey central banks buys and sells bonds and makes money on it , and nothing more gets dowvoted as opposed to someone who is angry about that fact . 
  i also think that your country will not vote for a federal europe soon :-) . 
  but that is stupid . 
  one should be able to tear up any book , as long as you own it . 
  also , just because person a feels offended does n't mean that person b should be sentenced . 
  to quote steve hughes - `` i get offended by boy bands for god 's sake '' . 
  nice to hear . 
  education of people in general and women in particular ( in some countries at least ) is one of the best investments a country can make . 
  now , if you can just throw out those religious people , or let them die out or something :-) . 
   i can assure you , i 'm pro eurobonds and pro democracy . 
  i 'm pro federal and pro referendum . 
  i think if the majority of a nation disagree with me , that i should n't get my way . 
   please , do n't discredit an entire argument or an entire concept ( like a federal europe ) just because there are some stupid people who support it . 
  the fans can often ruin a good thing . 
  nice to hear . 
  my downvotes says something different , a lot of people do not like when i point out that democracy should above even the current economical situation . 
  sweden here . 
  no , not really . 
  more flags in general in the spring , but no one , apart from maybe a hotel or in some shop window , really has the euro flag . 
   no need . 
  fiscal / banking unions are complex legal challenges . 
  some experts on the eu law claim no new treaties are needed , some object ... but there is absolutely no certainty at the moment about this issue . 
  fiscal unions goes against the maastricht treaty . 
  debt pooling and transfers are aginst the treaty . 
   after showing you that the finnish tax payer is better of exactly because of greek troubles ? 
  no , they are not . 
  if so , you mean that anyone who buy greek bonds are better off , when the case is , that most people do not want greek bonds , just because they are so risky . 
  the finnish tax payers could have pehaps made a better deal elsewhere . 
  they bought greece bonds to be nice . 
  to be quite honest , greek bonds are not the best of investements . 
  and , like i told you , the finnish tax payers are not better off. , they are in fact worse off , like [ this ] ( http://commissionideas.blogspot.fr/2013/05/lse-study-self-fulfilling-crisis-of.html ) study implies , in comparison with their neighbours , sweden and denmark who also do not have to borrow money to lend to greece , which finland did . 
  how is that better off ? 
  the finns do not compare themselves to the greeks , they obviously compare themselves to their nordic neighbours , just like the netherlands compare themselves to belgium . 
   you are free to leave . 
  it will be much , much better for all that you leave if you want to block something that is terribly needed for a long-term viability of the eurozone . 
  and , believe me , you do not want greece & co. out of the eurozone . 
  then all that bonds would be lost in the rain of drachmas ... with majority of northern banks . 
  then the real bill for the finnish taxpayer would come . 
  you did not answer the question . 
  how are you going to build a financial union if people do n't want to , and it is against the law ? 
  how long do you think such a union will last ? 
  do you prefer dictatorship to democracy ? 
  however , you are wrong , if you think it is just the finns blocking . 
  to change the maastricht treaty you need 26 countries to vote , and a new treaty - that will take decades , and most countries will vote no . 
   and , believe me , you do not want greece & co. out of the eurozone . 
  personally i do , but not really just greece , i believe either the north or the south have to leave since the economies are to different . 
  personally , i think it is better if the north leaves but that is just me . 
  i think the euro is an extremely poorly constructed currency , and trying to save it by breaking the law and treaties will lead to even worse results , trying to aim for dictatorship is really never the solution . 
  i think it should be abandonded , or made significantly smaller . 
   then the real bill for the finnish taxpayer would come . 
  yes , but then they pay it and are out . 
  otherwise they will just keep paying for the foreseable future . 
  i always get downvoted when i speak against the euro here , i am getting used to it :-) . 
  people here like the euro . 
  i am however scared over how little they seem to care about democracy . 
  however , i am rather confident i am winning in the real world , people ca n't ignore the signs anymore , and both the eu and the euro are loosing in popularity . 
  so , i 'll take the downvotes here :-) . 
    no one here is seriously arguing that we should create a fiscal union or federalise or any other important decision like that without the people 's consent . 
  yes , really , people are . 
  they keep saying that they want a real federal europe with all of what it entails , but that we do not have time for votes , and that some debt sharing should be fine , or you know , why not abandoning the ecb rules etc , ( or my personal favorite , democracy is bad , it lead to hitler ... ) when you ask them how however they are planning on building a federal union without the rule of law and where ( most likely ) a majority of the people want out they do not really have answers . 
  so , the do not say that they want dictatorship , but they say we should pool the debt , ignore the ecb rules and give more money to the south - immediately . 
  that sounds an awful lot like a fiscal union to me - which is against the treaty , and i also believe against what most everyone , at least up north but also a lot in the south as well , want . 
   you should also know , as cbr777 rightfully pointed out , that what we had so far was an absurdity : a monetary union without any political control . 
  this information was not really known among the population although the `` powers that be '' were keenly aware that the situation was unsustainable from the start . 
  so , in effect you 're arguing in defence of an impossible state of affairs that could only exist temporarily . 
  yes , i agree that it is an absurdity , the most idiotic of currency unions . 
  that is also the reason why it should be abandondend or at least that a lot of countries should leave . . 
  however , you are wrong about the information not being known in the population . 
  i am old enough to remember the swedish referendum of 2003 and the fact that it was a poorly constructed currency was one of the main arguments from the no side ( who won obviously ) . 
  however , you might be right about it not being known , as in that is not the reasons people voted no here , it was probably more an ingrainded , deep sucspicion towards the eu and thinking they want more money from us ( rather correct suspicion i 'd say as well ) . 
  now , you might say that swedes are the most intelligent of creatures :-) , but i am sorry , we are not . 
  the poor construction was known , it was however ignored both by the population and the politicians in a lot of places .
