  it is n't in sweden . 
  i thought it was only a crime in germany , . 
  well , one argument against it is that it has been tried and failed , in sweden for example . 
  the trade moved . 
  [ link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_financial_transaction_tax ) . 
  yes , dear god , they wanted to deport her back to muslim country india ( that she was a hindu like most people from india , did n't really face them ) . 
  i am not surprised , i expect we would have had the same reaction here . 
  i 'll guess people will get used to it eventually . 
  i found her pretty , but all miss country have a certain generic look that is a bit boring . 
  it is hard to tell the difference between them really . 
   nuclear ca n't quickly lower the emissions , because the plants ca n't be constructed quickly , nor can the be replaced quickly . 
  sigh . 
  you do n't seem to know anything about denmarks energy history , do you ? 
  they have been saying no since the 60 's . 
  are you saying they have n't had time ? 
  furthermore , it is a lie what you are saying . 
  i mean , yes , it would take a decade , * but it would lower the emissions quicker than they are now * . 
  so , yes , nuclear is better . 
  stop making stuff up !, 
  if you are saying denmark ca n't build and power nuclear power plants in 37 years , * i want proof of that * . 
  source , source source . 
   in addition , there are simply not enough fissiles available to power most electricity use . 
  source . 
  and source that there is none for denmark . 
   nuclear energy is subsidized , among other sources , by the military budgets from world war 2 and the cold war . 
  definately source for that , a danish source . 
  it is bull , that the danes , or for that matter , the us for example who is starting to build new plants , is founding it with left over money from the cold war . 
  while your at it - source for sweden too . 
   perhaps denmark can individually , but there is not enough fissile material for the whole world , and breeders , thorium and fusion do n't work ye so - how is that a reason ? 
  we are discussing denmark . 
  they have the money and the technology . 
  those who can should do it . 
   nuclear and fossil energy have been the darlings of big corp and big govt for decades . 
  despite the big budgets , nuclear still has n't been able to produce a better model yet . 
  it 's '50s technology with a few patches . 
  that is still not a reason to use coal , which is denmarks alternative . 
  coal is 19th century technology . 
  they have nothing else . 
  besides , you have no source for your statement . 
  i want a source for that . 
  a lot of countries , and the people in those countries , does support nuclear , sweden for example . 
  rejecting it because * you * claim , without any facts behind it , that corporations might like it , is the most idiotic reason i 've heard . 
  so , even assuming it is true , why is that a reason ? 
  do you have corporations and people with money so damn much that you automatically reject everything they say ? 
  so , source for your statement , and a reasoning behind why we have to hate things that corporations love . 
   there goes your `` nuclear is cheap ! '', 
  argument . 
  the longer construction times means that your `` nuclear can quickly reduce emissions '' goes out of the window . 
  which i have never ever said . 
  again , lying . 
  stop making up stuff . 
  i said that it a technology that they can afford and have access to . 
  i am also saying that climate change and the deaths denmark is causing every day is far , far worse . 
  do you want me to give you the costs for climate change ? 
  and , you seem not to be aware of the fact that denmark has been using coal and using the `` alternative energy argument '' since the 60 's . 
  what has that cost , not only denmark , but the planet and people in the last 50 years ? 
  compare that to sweden 's clean nuclear . ', 
  i am getting very , very tired that you do not provide sources . 
  i want you to do that now . 
  why are you so afraid of providing sources ? 
  is it because you have none ? 
  why ? 
  i am honestly curious ? 
  are you perhaps a child , in school ? 
  do n't you know what sources and a proper argument is ? 
  do you need help to understand it , or are you genuinly just to ignorant ? 
   source ? 
  do you have access to science articles ? 
  as a student of ( among other things ) environmental issues i have tons of articles , but i do not know if you can access them . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.climatefundsupdate.org/resources/estimated-costs-climate-change ) . 
  [ link ] ( http://economix.blogs.nytimes.com/2013/09/25/the-cost-of-climate-change/?_r=0 ) [ link ] ( http://www.world-nuclear.org/info/economic-aspects/economics-of-nuclear-power/ ) ) see , i provide * sources * . 
  you do not . 
  i guess it is because you do not have any . 
   no miracle , with just a fraction of the budgets . 
  when it finally got some attention , we begain to see improvements almost monthly . 
  the advantage of renewables are that they can be produced and deployed quickly , so they can make full use of all technological progress , and they are affordable for small companies and families , so we do n't rely on government and a couple of big , subsidized corporations . 
  again , source why corporations is bad . 
  and , i mean a scientific source , othewise it is just your leftis ( i assume ) opinon . 
  furthermore , i 'd like for you to explain what denmark has been doing since the 60 's , when they have bee nspewing out coal and destroying the climate and purpose and killing people and calculate the costs of that . 
  third , i want a * reliable source * that it will go quicker and reduce the c02 emissions quicker than nuclear . 
   they have average emissions in the eu . 
  at least they developed new technology that is more useful than the dead end of nuclear . 
  average in a class of idiots . 
  and that `` dead '' nuclear technology makes sweden have almost zero emissions . 
  yet * you * choose to praise coal . 
  you choose to praise people who kill other people , willingly , with their emissions . 
  you praise death and climate change . 
  it is despicable . 
  and again - * f i ask you for a source , provide one ! * . 
  why do n't you ? 
  do n't you have any ? 
  coal vs nuclear is the issue . 
  otherwise , give me another energy source that could have and still can lower the energy emissions just as quick . 
  also , give me a good reason why they have n't been able to implement it for fifty years and still ca n't . 
  science - again , i want you to prove it . 
  please start proving stuff . 
  and the fact that they are lowering their emissions does n't make them heroes . 
  sweden is getting fifty percent from nuclear and have for forty years . 
  explain scientifically why they ca n't do that !, 
  i am getting tired of you not answering that .
