  moreover , the german strategy contributes to deaths and climate change . 
  how is that good ? 
  how can anyone defend that ? 
  coal is horrible . 
  just the currents deaths because of it is about one chernobyl/week . 
  and then i have n't even mentioned climate change . 
  thank you germany . 
  45 % , roughly comes from water , the rest is mainly nuclear . 
  a few percentages wind as well ( and that is growing ) . 
  i know that nuclear is only half the answer to why we are cheap . 
  the german greens have always confused me . 
  how can they prefer coal with the massive co2 emissions to nuclear ? 
  i think it is a god system . 
  i mean , often we are talking about a few thousand sek or less . 
  even if one is a total fuck up financially , that should n't mean that one deserves death which might be the consequence here . 
  not to mention confused elderly people/mentally ill people who gets their bills mixed up etc , they might just need a helping hand . 
  the energy prices are also partly a matter of choice i guess . 
  sweden has chosen nuclear , germany and denmark rejects it , so people there opt for more expensive electricity . 
  i might also add that in sweden the electricity companies are not just allowed to turn off the electricity since people might freeze to death then . 
  so , if one wants to turn off the electricity one has to contact the social authorities who will have to contact you/landlord/possible police to enter the apartment etc. 
  so , the bills might pile up , but the electricity stays on . 
  i thought oslo alone had 40 000 swedes :-) . 
  ok , polish it is then . 
  i 'd argue that swedish is bigger than sami in norway , but since swedish/danish/norwegian are so close i guess it does n't count as a separate language . 
  there we have it . 
  of course . 
  obviously those jihadfighters/suicide bombers are just dying to get laid by a big strong burly man , but is repressing it because of that is not really the way to go in al qaida circles . 
  but , if they die they get 72 of those men . 
  with no hope of proper gay sex in this life , they go for gay group sex in the next . 
  it is all so crystal clear now . 
  thank you , you have opened my eyes . 
  i live in sweden , with a sami friend ( several actually if you count in half and quarter sami ) and i have never once heard about an independent sapmi . 
  i mean , more rights is one thing , but even if they were independent , the non sami would be + 2 million , and the sami would be 80 000 ( from [ this ] ( http://www.samer.se/1536 ) site ) . 
  they would be outvoted so fast . 
  they would either have to create a sami dictatorship , or do some serious ethic cleansing ... they know that , they are not asking for an independent sapmi , just stuff like more hunting and more sami teachers . 
  a country would be a nightmare for them . 
  five minutes of goodling.or , as in my case , my mother 's library . 
  ( note , mother not nazi , she has lots of books and inherited mein kampf from old aunt who bought it when hitler became news in the 1930 's to see what he was about ) . 
  i remeber trying to explain to someone that it might not be muslims in the `` riots '' in stockholm last summer , but i was downvoted . 
  they had made up their mind . 
  in fact , i have no clue about the rioters religion and i live in stockholm , so i was surprised that they knew ... 
  i wonder if you get 72 gay virgins if you blow yourself up in some sort of suicide bombing ? 
  i really would n't store anything in sweden . 
  we have our head so far up us 's ass that we have n't seen the light for decades . 
   i 'd also need references for this one , given that denmark and holland seem to have antibiotic reduction programmes yes , they do , but the eu does not , nor do they want to . 
  we have one of the oldest in the world in fact , but it is not in any way reflected in the price in our cows . 
  [ link about * some * antibiotics use , from a few countries , not the south or france of course ] ( http://www.tufts.edu/med/apua/news/press_room_34_846139138.pdf ) . 
  [ here is a general sheet on the use of antibiotics . 
  as a general rule , north use less than south ] ( http://www.ecdc.europa.eu/en/eaad/documents/eaad-2011-summary-antimicrobial-consumption-data.pdf ) . 
  why is that not premiered ? 
  another link . 
  as you say , sweden , the netherlands and denmark . 
  but are we getting recognition for that reflected in our prices ? 
  no , not at all.is that * eu being environmental friendly that you are talking abut * ? 
  if they are - why not give our more money for our excellent programs . 
  it is agriculture - what does it help if it costs us more but the eu does not reflect it in our prices ? 
  why do n't the eu care ? 
   i just find this one weird . 
  can you point to relevant legislation or official faqs of some kind ? 
  i know , it is . 
  it has to do with that you calculate the subsidies for what the cow graze on . 
  it was done with france as a model . 
  the cows are out as much , are as healthy , eat a more varied diet ( cows are actually supposed to eat fresh leaves and stuff ) less antibiotics etc , but we still get less money , because of the trees . 
  the problem is - we ca n't do anything about the trees . 
  apart from far up in the mountains , on cliffs and in sk\u00e5ne , everything is bloody trees . 
  we have a problem with too much trees , we do n't have enough animals to keep it open . 
  of course , the fact that there is no * science * behind it and we have been pointing it out since 1995 does n't face the eu in the slightest , nor that we ca n't change the nature of our landscape . 
  we are a forrest country . 
  i could face getting less for a cow if it for example spent more time indoors due to the climate - that is fair , then you think about how the cow live ( we have to have our cows indoors some months of the year , otherwise we are cruel to them , but the french have their cows indoor to ) but our cows are not worse of because of more trees . 
  we are not putting them in a bloody amazon jungle . 
  basically , the eu says our grazing land should get less money . 
  but , the eu have not science to back it up with , none at all . 
  that is eu for me - working against science and evidence . 
   i do n't think it 's necessarily endless . 
  and i ca n't necessarily answer your questions , because some of them only you can answer . 
  i do n't have any problem at all in agreeing that greece has fucked up awesomely , and that letting greece into both the eu and the eurozone were poor decisions in purely financial terms . 
  come on - at the end of 2020 , greece will have received money for 38 years , portugal and spain for 33 . 
  it is a whole bloody generation , and we both now it will not end by 2020 . 
  is that ok by you ? 
  how many decades more ? 
  i think , and i * know * that countries who choose to can change in a generation ( look at poland , estonia , china , south korea , brazil etc - why the fuck is greece not changing ? 
  ) however , you , and the eu think 40-50 years , at least , is ok . 
  i think it is outrageous that you think that , it is so fucking wrong . 
  how can you defend that ? 
  how can the eu ? 
  what makes the south so fucking special that they should be sponsored forever ? 
  why ca n't they change ? 
  what the eu has done is taken in countries that are permanent bottomles money pits , and they are not changing . 
  i think that is wrong , and i do not set up my future children for that . 
  the countries have had ample time to change - but they are not . 
   i do n't have a compelling argument with respect to greece , and i 'd agree your points with respect to aid and aid dependency . 
  so i am right , greece is a dependent on our money and not developing , an endless money pit . 
  then the eu shoud say no ! , but they do n't . 
  i do not accept to be in a union that is so careless with to whom they give money , and do n't care how they spend it . 
   however , aid dependency is n't a guaranteed outcome , since , as i said , ireland went from net recipient to net payer . 
  no , you are a net recipient again , are n't you ? 
  besides , you have a different culture than the south , you are not as corrupt . 
   greece 's sovereign debt , as i 've already pointed out , is unrelated to ongoing eu funding . 
  countries can become net payers with high debt/gdp ratios , as italy is , for example . 
  also as i said , sweden is not involved in greek debt aid through the efsf or esm , because those are eurozone initiatives .
