  the more people are educated or want to be educated , the less people are unemployed . 
  good for the former unemployed , good for you and good for the state . 
  yes , so am i. 
  we have that , as well , and anyone on social welfare ( who has n't studied before ) can of course start to study , just like anyone else . 
  the question is why they do n't . 
   `` it 's their fault !, 
  they could work but they do n't want to !, 
  they are spending my hard-earned money '' . 
  well , they are . 
  statistically , a lot more of the people on welfare are smokers and do drugs . 
  it * is * my hard earned money , it is the truth , and i absolutely hate it . 
  why should i pay for their smoking , drugs and drinking ? 
   you ca n't decide in which family you are born in . 
  as mentioned before - if you were born into a poor family , chances are good that you will be a poor person in your future life , if you were born into a rich family , there 's almost no way that you end up being poor . 
  actually , sweden is one of the best countries in the world being born into , when you take this into account , we have one of the highest mobility between social classes , so i * can * ask them . 
  i can ask them why they sit and smoke , and do n't apply for jobs . 
  i can ask them why they decide not to finish school etc. 
  do you study this issues ? 
  i do n't know how common adoption is in greece , but gay adoptions ( which are allowed in sweden , my country ) is rare . 
  that mostly comes down to the fact that almost all swedish adoptions comes from other countries , and there are very few that let gay people adopt . 
  however , that has been a huge relif for example for people who want their partner to be able to adopt their child , or just a gay person who for example ( it was a case in sweden ) wanted to adopt and care for his dead sisters children . 
  that does n't stop gay people from being parents however . 
  for example , surrogate mothers , sperm donations , or just male homosexual couple teaming up with lesbian couple , producing babies . 
  and , as far as everyone knows , these kids are just as happy , or unhappy , as normal kids , because that is what they are - normal . 
  i honestly think that is already happening in greece , so the only thing a refusal for marriage and adoption is doing is making it harder legally for the children . 
  i do not understand why one would want to do that . 
  and , last , when you sdiscuss with people who are against gay people being parents . 
  could the people who are against gay adoption/gay parents please provide studies that these children are worse off , than `` normal '' kids . 
  because , the fact is , i have n't heard about a single one , i just think people are being prejudicious . 
   is the money for university for free or do you have to pay it back ? 
  no , if you get ( roughly ) 8000 sek/month , 2000 is an `` allowance '' , the rest is a loan . 
  you will have to pay back the whole amount of the loan ( or possibly not after you are 60/65 or something similar ) . 
  also , every semester you have to pass 75 % of your exams.you have to start paying it back as soon as it is finished , however , it is easier to get a respite than from a normal bank loan . 
  we have to different sorts of unemployed , those who live on unemployment benefits , and those who live on social welfare . 
  those on welfare have never worked / have n't worked for a long time/been thrown out of the system , so they live on welfare . 
  the `` demands '' there are fairly minimal , basically non existant . 
  most people who has ( and stays ) on welfare are hardly particularely educated , or if they are , they have some sort of issue ( drugs , pain , mental etc ) . 
  of course one hardly has to go to university to get a good job , a lot of people have no formal education and are doing very well . 
  however , i suspect most of those people have a certain drive , that i think many of sweden 's welfare recipients lack . 
  why should they work ? 
  they get food on the table , rent , health care and apparently enough benefits so they can spend 1000 sek/month on cigarettes . 
  if they worked , they would probably start out with a simple job , not make that much more in the beginning , so why should they work ? 
  i also suspect that in any population , anywhere , 20-30 % are always lazy idiots , at least if you allow them to be . 
  we do . 
  if you are talking about those living on unemployment benefits , that is a bit different , and it was n't referred to in this program . 
  they have much stricter guidelines as well . 
  they have to apply to x number of jobs/month , be prepared to move everywhere within sweden etc. 
  i am sure things could be improved , both by the unemployed , and by the unemployment agency , but personally i do not hate on that half as much as i do on people living on welfare . 
  i do n't know how much a welfare reipient recieves in germany , but after rent here a single adult have 3000 sek ( there a lists published for every year ) , farly decent amount in my mind . 
  of course , that is for food , clothes , electricity , phone , but you can still survive on it . 
  remember , you do not do anything , at all . 
  and - like the mother i referred to , you get more if you have kids , at least 1000 sek/child , probably more . 
  so , no , i really do n't feel sorry for people living on welfare , and i question very much where my money is going . 
  are we allowed to grab us data ? 
  thank you for the tip , i 'll do that ( although i 'd rather post it at r/football , it is the real name after all :-) ) . 
   you will get support from the state if your unemployed and then want to start another education , schooling or go to university , wo n't you ? 
  depends , but generally for univerity for example you can get student loans and some money each month for five years . 
  it 's around 8000 sek month ( $ 1000 ) , 6000 loan , 2000 grant . 
   i really like this i do n't . 
  well , i do not mind supporting people who study for example , but many of the people who start on welfare , end up spending their life on welfare , the incentives to get out of it , are just to small . 
  apparently they are good enough to allow people to smoke too , so i am really wondering where my money is going - i am a student and i do n't have an extra 1000 sek/month to smoke for , like that mom . 
  swedish welfare recipients must be the whiniest and the laziest in the world , that is my real problem . 
   it 's very likely that you will be a long-term unemployed , too . 
  here too . 
  you are not as deadlocked as in the us , or perhaps not germany either , but a lot of them do tend to stay on welfare . 
  our debate about poverty was a bit difference . 
  it started with the fact that several aid organisations claimed that 10-15 % of all swedish children lived in poverty , could n't eat enough etc. 
  some journalists then decided to look into that claim and found out it was a complete hogwash , they could n't show a single kid without food , they had just said it to get money . 
  the debate then continued to discuss what poverty really is . 
  we have the same measurement as you , 60 % etc. 
  a mother interviewed in the show claimed that she did n't have enough money to pay for her son 's field trips - 200 sek/semester . 
  at the same time she had no problem smoking , which is 50 sek/day ... . . and the debate on welfare was on - again . 
  and , are you poor if you do n't have a cell phone etc. 
  if you ask me , they are not poor . 
  and the aid organisations have apologised , but probably lost a lot of support . 
   oh and as far as the lotr bullshit you posted , it is sub-consious propaganda to make tiny dicks like yourself feel better about your `` superior '' northern eu club . 
  i do n't have a dick , at all . 
  you are the one who keeps talking about northern europe , i think we all know who has a problem . 
   the whole 2113 thing you keep saying is your way of trying to paint me as a `` conspiracy nut '' by thinking there is some 100 year plan in the works , it is just your idiotic way of trying to prove me wrong . 
  what i said was that germany will need to find ways to power its booming economy for the next 50-100 years which is true , especially since they have or are planning to ban all nuclear energy in germany after the japan meltdown . 
  no , you said it was to become a protectorate , in 50 - 100 years , and that it was planned by the eu and the imf . 
  you are right however that i do think you are a conspiracy nut . 
  are you still mad that i do not belive that the eu , imf and other has orchestrated the greek bad economy , in order to make greece a protectorate in 2113 . 
  they are making this plan , hundred years in the future ( and started at least 50 years ago ) to profit from the billions of natural recources greece have in oil , natural gas etc. 
  the natural recourses that you claim that greece has , but offers no proof of , and apparently no one but you have heard of ? 
  does it bother you that i do not consider that the truth ? 
  to answer your question , it was certainly not meant as propaganda , just as a bit of fun in the midst of all the eu debate . 
  someone should informe them that [ swedish players can be black too ] ( http://svenskanamn.alltforforaldrar.se/uploads/15730/7e5f63e825570f1.jpg ) . 
  but they are not making money out of this tax . 
  second , i think the loss to france 's reputation/constantly bad pr about this must is bad , i for one certainly question hollande 's financial sense . 
  but seriously ... , i say this as a swede a.k.a 2nd highest taxed country in the world , this tax is not working out . 
  when we removed our `` wealth tax '' , we actually made money , since more people moved home or moved their money home . 
  this tax is not only making people move , it is most definitely giving france a bad reputation . 
  why impose a tax that gives you a really bad reputation ? 
  ok , good to know , i will not blame the poles for him ... 
  so why is he in the closet ? 
   considered radically leftist in the anti-statist sense in the rest of the world , including europe . 
  hardly radically left . 
  neoliberal perhaps . 
  still , it does n't explain a lot of other so called `` conservative '' states , canada , germany etc that support gay marriages .
