  i think they should . 
  and of course it depends on the meat . 
  if you buy an exclusive spanish ham where they have tucked the pig in every night and sung him to sleep , then i am fine , but that is rather the exception , both meat wise and me buying . 
  what i do not understand is why people in countries where they use a lot of antibiotics and have a lot of salmonella do n't bother , and are fine with it . ? 
  it is like they accept mrsa . 
  it does n't have to be that way actually . 
  i buy swedish meat usually . 
  i also get a lot/buy cheap from family/friends that hunt and have farms . 
  my problem is that my fridge is to small and usually one gets a full lamb , 10 kilos of boar/elk or something . 
  what do you buy ? 
  do you ever think of stuff like how the animals have lived , salmonella , use of antibiotics , mrsa , transports etc ? 
  do you mind it , or are you ok with it ? 
  now you are making statements like possibly etc , that there might be statistical reasons for the danes to use more antibiotics . 
  i 'd like for you to back up that statement with scientific evidence please . 
  i have access to academic journals . 
  otherwise you are just making things up . 
  and if you had read my links you also would have noticed that in 2013 one had found mrsa in a lot of danish near but not in swedish . 
  yet you claim they are of equal quality and antibiotics is good . 
  please explain to me in detail the connection between mrsa and responsible antibiotics use and mrsa and high quality . 
  are you saying in no way indicates that they use to much antibiotics , or that despite the mrsa their meat is of same quality ? 
  please explain . 
  furthermore you completely ignored the problems they have had with salmonella that we have n't had . 
  ( and made up that it was eradicated from dk , which it was n't ) are you saying that salmonella meat is as high quality as non salmonella ? 
  which one do you prefer ? 
  i am not on a vendetta against dk and you are frankly lying . 
  you make up claims that i think they are racist and despite the fact that their own experts told them to eat swedish meat ( in 2009 ) you said that i lied when i was told by my danish relatives to bring that ( and egg ) . 
  are the experts lying too ? 
  you seem determined to make up stuff and defend dk to the point it gets ridiculous . 
  you defend mrsa meat with salmonella and claim it has the sane quality as non salmonella non mrsa meat . 
  that is frankly just stupid . 
  so , please answer my questions and preferably back them up with links and science . 
  i am in particular interested in why salmonella mrsa meat is better than non infected meat and the scientific reasons as to why dk need to use more antibiotics than norway for example . 
  so will i !, 
  yes , i truly , truly dislike her . 
  i bet she falls asleep dreaming about the world capital in brussels and there is no problem in her mind that can not be solved with far more eu . 
   what i claimed is that you 're spreading fud . 
  i am not . 
   you do this by vastly overstating how bad the situation is in denmark and all of your links do nothing to change that fact . 
  it is bad , compared to sweden and norway . 
  and we were talking about good quality . 
  the poster above me stated danish meat is good quality . 
  how can it be with the links that i posted , compared to swedish ? 
  or , when we compare , do we always take the worst , always , or just when it comes to danish meat ? 
   i did not claim we are good . 
  yes you did . 
  you did it in the contect and i am not spreading fud . 
  ** danish meat is not good quality ** . 
  that is what i stated . 
  you stated that it was fud . 
  that is a bloody lie . 
  and , you are better than the us , but that does * not * mean it is good quality . 
  please explain to me how your salmonella antibiotic infected meat is good quality compared to norwegian one for example ? 
  and , another thing - why do n't you ever fix that stuff ? 
  i 've been hearing about it since i was a kid - do not eat danish eggs , do not eat danish meat . 
  we have relatives in denmark and we had to bring our own meat and eggs with us , and they were happy about that . 
  so , danes are not stupid , how come they accept shitty meat and shitty eggs , mrsa , salmonella et al ? 
  is then the salmonella antibiotic, 
   but i think the spirit of your point was that people in power use propaganda to marginalise opposing points of view as ` illegitimate ' or ` radical ' in an attempt to secure their own grip on power . 
  this is true , and we see it again and again in history . 
  yes it was . 
   that said , i do think that the eu , particularly the commission , treat euroscepticism like progressives treat conservative ideas typically : old , out-of-date , no longer useful , and inherently flawed because it 's not espoused by progressives yes , they are arrogants idiots instead of listening to relevant critiscism . . also , i found out it was malmstr\u00f6m , the swedish commissioner which i really really dislike . 
  she would say something like that , since everything that is wrong in the world , in her opinion , can be cured with `` more eu '' . 
  i do not think there is a problem yet that she has encountered , including buying shoes a size to small or unfaithfulness , that can not be cured by `` more eu '' . 
  dear god , i missed it was malmstr\u00f6m . 
  of course she said that , she is an idiot and i really dislike her . 
  and she wants to solve it with far more eu , all of eu to enter nato and bring in every single country in the world into eu and move the world capital to brussels ... 
  thanks , but if that is true that is beyond stupid . 
  that proves that they are just trying to scare monger and accuse people instead of actually trying to change things for the better . 
  they should then call it scepticism and might even say `` and i understand why , we have failed in a lot of ways '' . 
  instead they just attack people who has a different opinion and call them radicals . 
  really low . 
  what is radicalism ? 
  i 'd honestly like a definition of that . 
  is voting for parties that are not in the parliament ? 
  that does not have to mean that one is radical - unless wanting change is radical ... since they claim this , i 'd like to know what measurements they use . 
  it is far cleaner than the coal you are currently using . 
  tell me - how is it environmentally friendly to add to the climate change and spew out co2 emissions and pollute the air than to use a far less polluting technology ? 
  is that how germany cares about the environment ? 
  by rejecting technology that do not give you co2 emissions in favour of those who do ? 
  not to mentions all the deaths attributed to your emissions . 
  is that environmentally friendly to germany ? 
  if you want to keep environmental impact at a minimum you do not abandon nuclear . 
  the whole energiewende is a sham . 
  instead of using nuclear one goes for pollution and co2 emissions . 
  that is a bad analogy . 
  nuclear is far better for the climate than coal , oil or fracking . 
  and , at least sweden and finland are storing it forever , so it is just a question of wanting to solve it - the recourses and knowledge is there . 
  i have before , do n't you remember , when you complained that you had n't paid towards a-kassan and now was broke . 
  so you came to r/sweden to whine . 
  i am so happy that you can not delete my posts , i 'll dig them up again . 
  and this time i 'll save them so they are more available . 
  you are so disturbed . 
  instead of either admitting or creating a new account you delete all your old post ( really , who does that ... ) and make up lies . 
  i think you lied about london , but the fact that you got fired , and ca n't get a new one really says all about you . 
  you blame everyone but your toxic personality . 
  and , what is really really funny is that you ca n't delete my posts , with the quotes from you . 
  that much irk you so much . 
  serves you right , homophobe who lives off our tax money . 
  that is the most looser answe possible . 
  that is such a cowardly answer .
