  nor do i think it is sad if the euro goes down , it is so wrongly constructed that it needs to die . 
  however , what is sad is the personal tragedies in its wake and the recession , the millions of lives disrupted . 
   one does n't have to accept a eurosceptic or anti-european label . 
  i agree , but that is not how the battle is fought , neither here nor in the news . 
   one can still be very much in favour of the free movement of goods , people and capital , ideas and information , socialised healthcare , cultural and educational exchanges like the erasmus programme and european co-operation , like cern and even healthy competition within the framework of legitimate regulation . 
   what 's anti-european about that ? 
  i agree , but as you have noticed , it is not the prevalent idea in mainland europe ( sweden it is ) . 
   i would say that a recognition of the need for a fundamental reform of the eu , to equip europe for a globalised post industrial , post-monnet 21st century is more european than clinging to the rapidly failing franco-german mercantilist , heavy industry nostalgie interpretation we 're currently lumbered with . 
  i agree , but that is not likely to happen . 
  i have a more humble dream , that they wouldactually start to adress the issues currently plaguing us . 
  as in saying - `` if we want the euro , we need huge permanent transfers to go with it '' , for example would be an excellent start . 
   what ? 
  governments have done nothing to address the ez 's faults . 
  the only semi-relevant step was the `` introduction '' of the banking union , which was promptly dumbed down into insignificance due to the usual quarreling . 
  ** exactly ** . 
  i do not think we are arguing about that . 
  i agreee . 
  so , if the governments wanted to stay in the euro or thought the euro was relevant , why have n't they even bothered to address the issue ? 
  and , if the people want to stay in the euro , why have they not asked their governments to adress the issue . 
   also , attacks of that nature are made on both sides , what 's your point ? 
  that the ones who wants to defend the euro at all costs , rarely comes with arguments on how to actually do it , they just attack the messenger , in this time apparently the brits . 
  other times it is an old commie , finns who do not care etc. 
   what i wanted to highlight is that there 's not much hard science that can go into it , just guidelines/best practices drawn from economic theory as , unfortunately , empirical evidence is n't available due to the inability to formulate any kind of useful experiment in the realm of large scale currency unions . 
  there have actually been a lot of currency unions , at least enough to draw scientific ( for a social science ) conclusions . 
  it is not news , or controversial , to say that one need large perment transfers for example - i ca n't find an economist who would think it is weird for a currency union . 
  however , obviously , as we both know , this is not what is being discussed - it is `` the last bailout '' , `` soon it will turn '' etc. 
  and , i hope for that for change , that more people will point that out . 
   of course not even these guidelines have been followed ( not so much a mistake , but a political impossibility ) , nor will they be in the foreseeable future , for many reasons . 
  exactly , and a ) it is not being adressed by the politicians b ) it is hardly being adressed here in / r/europe as well , people are attacking the bailouts for example , or as in this case , a german economist , but fail to listen to the message , since they have decided that they want the euro , even though he might have the facts right . 
   wording can play a big role , please understand that you 're most likely interacting with culturally heterogenous people whose first languages are n't english . 
  neither is mine :-) . 
  you did not comment on the article and bernd lucke * per se * , you were commenting on the fact that the british people criscised the euro . 
  so , it seems like you do not think they should , since you were being sarcastic about it . 
  i am getting mixed messages from you , since you then said it was ok . 
  if you think it is , why were you sarcastic then ? 
  another issue - do you think bernd luckes criscism of the euro is correct or not correct . 
  so , do you think the criscism of the euro is wrong ? 
   in fact it 's pretty obvious that the current arrangement does n't imply a stable outcome . 
  it is not obvious from the actions governments , the eurozone etc takes . 
  if want wanted a stable outcome , they would act differently . 
  so , if you look at the actions , which is always the most telling sign of anything , it does not imply what you say . 
  nor do the leaders talk about it not being stable . 
  and , as soon as a british paper published an article about a german economist being against the euro , the most top voted comment was * not * someone intelligently discussing the issue , but someone who bashing the brits . 
   hat being said , there 's no such thing as a `` scientific '' approach to building an optimal currency area , only guidelines that help to ameliorate the friction resulting from a large enough such area . 
  of course , not social science , or any science apart from math perhaps , is without political implications . 
  that does n't mean however that one should ignore it , nor not use it . 
  the euro is wrongly constructed and that is a fact . 
  i would go so far as to say extremely wrongly constructed . 
  that is hardly news to anybody . 
  then you either fix it , or do n't , you do not just `` pretend '' like you do n't know it , which is one of the things they are doing . 
   you see , opposing ideas often clash , but your clear cut , matter of fact presentation of a complex issue might seem like an unwarranted attack or as overly arrogant well , i guess it depends on ones definition of unwarranted . 
   this year , with the endless winter , i 've seen almost no activity . 
  when the sun came out for a few hours this week everyone suddenly sprang to action but it 's gone back to hovering around freezing again . 
   there 's not even buds on the trees yet ; plus the bees are really feeling it this year !, 
  but , is that really the reason ? 
  i mean , to me it seems like you have had a tad of what sweden , norway , russia , finland , denmark etc always have . 
  granted , it is a bit late here as well , but i have n't heard any farmer complain . 
  swedish farmers hardly ever plant the wheat until april as far as i know . 
  or at least if they plant it later , it can still work out , so saying that the crop for 2013 is ruined is a bit premature as far as i can tell . 
  how did the livestock die ? 
  i have never tried ikeas ' elk lasagne ( do n't even know if they have it in sweden ) but i have made it myself , and i like it . 
  i like eating elk though . 
  yes , most certainly . 
  however , that was not was the post was saying , and i was responding to . 
  he said , that the economies in the north was just as fragile as the economies in the south , which i thought was wrong . 
  do you think the economies in the north are just as fragile as the economies in the south ? 
   i read that it 's better to get vaccinated before you are sexually active . 
  so , that is what i thought one had to do it before 18-20 then . 
  thanks . 
   well , i 'm 25 . 
  this thread just made me aware that i should n't ignore this vaccine much longer . 
  next time i 'm at the health center , i 'll have to ask them about this . 
  do that !, 
  good luck, 
  or , one is just being nice and polite , something i understand is beyond you . 
   who is begging ? 
  the majority of people in greece did not want these bail-outs . 
  so , why did you take them ? 
  did n't bail out parties win the several elections you had ? 
   i have yet to get vaccinated against this . 
  can one ? 
  i thought one had to do this before 18 or something for it to be effective . 
  counted on the way from my brother , who lives in the suburb on the way to my place in stockholm . 
  none . 
  i do n't really think we have a lot of billboard advertising though . 
  i know - it is ridiculous . 
  all i am hoping is that i have a steady job when it happens so i can keep my head down . 
  will not take any stupid loans . 
  we have had that autism/measles problem too plus that we have anthroposophists that refuse to take it . 
  for me it is fine if a grown woman refuse to take the cervical vaccine , but refusing their children makes my blood boil . 
  why ? 
  what makes the greeks so deserving that other people should pay for them ? 
  greece has been on the receiving end from structural funds , cap and god knows what for the last 25 years . 
  that is money straight from other european tax payers pockets . 
  what have you done with those money ? 
  for how many more years do you think other countries tax payers should pay for greece ? 
  in that time whole states have gone from poor , in need of help , to rich , example south korea . 
  when is it going to end with greece ? 
  so , how many more years ? 
  apart from that greece and germany is completely different , germany rebuild themselves - quick .
