  he started it - not them . 
  the poor neighbours were then scared , and called the police . 
  the police tried to negotioate , and spoke to him so he knew it was the police . 
  however , being off his meds , he did n't care . 
  the police then , fearing for his wife 's safety threw in a shock grenade , that did n't work . 
  he then came charging at them , with a huge knife . 
  the police , doing what they were * trained * to do ( which you claimed the were not , but you have no sources for your claim , and i do n't even think you have ever even spoken to a swedish police ) shot him , in the `` body '' , the biggest piece . 
  he died there , in his apartment . 
  tragic , but not the conpiracy you claim . 
  however , i understand that no such things as * facts * interests you - as soon as i present them , and prove you wrong ( as with swedish police training , life expectancy etc ) you just changed the subject , so i guess you will just go back to your made up story . 
  however , it is not true , not at all . 
  all the facts are against you - not that you seem to care about facts . 
   is that a bad trait to show some kind of sensitivity towards those facts ? 
  i 'd rather keep my unattractive trait than to be a complete ice block . 
  it is a bad trait ignoring facts to the point of fantiscm . 
  you are not being sensitive , you are being a fanatic who are ignoring or even worse , making up facts . 
   it does n't matter he was portuguese , what matters is that he was not seen as one of them !, 
  so , what you are saying if it had been a * swedish * man charging them with a knife , they would not have shot him ? 
  [ here ] ( http://www.expressen.se/nyheter/polisman-frias-fran-dodsskottet-i-lindesberg/ ) is a picture of daniel murne , as blond and blue eyed as they come , who * also * charged the police with a knife , and was shot to death , in 2005 . 
  so , you are wrong . 
  it is not the fact that they are foreign - * it is the fact that they are trying to go after the police with a knife * . 
  again - * stop making stuff up * i prove you wrong time and time again , but you just keep making stuff up , that you have absolutely no clue about . 
   shooting the legs and shoulders is n't some hollywood pitch . 
  it 's in the training . 
  no , it is not as easy as it sounds . 
  and , it is not in the training , really . 
  source , my brother used to compete - pistols/revolvers etc , and among other things , one of his weapons was a sigsauer 9 mm , the swedish police weapon of choice normally ( do n't know what they used in this case , but it is the `` standard '' equimpment , so it might have been one of the weapons ) . 
  second , he trained with a lot of police officers . 
  they do not shoot very often , but they are * not * trained for aiming for the arms and legs , in self defence one should go for the biggest `` piece * , which is the body . 
  again - stop making stuff up . 
  you obviously have no idea what you are talking about , and it is becoming more and more appartent . 
   a portuguese trait is not to defend portuguese . 
  it 's weird even trying to explain this . 
  it do not believe it is a portugues trait , not at all . 
  i belive it is * your * trait , and not an attractive one . 
   and 69 years of age can really weigh on the body , if you led a hard life , in line with the migrant waves of the 60s and 70s , that usually ended up doing hard jobs . 
  in my family , which has some returned immigrants , 69 is already a difficult age . 
  again , i 'm not making stuff up . 
  swedish and portuguese realities are different . 
  you are making stuff up , you said it was really old ( which means far higher than average ) , but it not even average life expectancy . 
  stop making stuff up , and stop claiming things about sweden or the swedish police that you obviously are just assuming . 
  or lying about . 
  besides - do you honestly think * his family * is an objective source . 
  why not try to read some other articles ? 
  what about the fact that the man , which you seem to ignore , was sick and paranoid . 
  it is sad yes , but not racist . 
  thanks . 
   never shoot to kill , specially if he 's old , using a machete and being mentally unfit . 
  it 's totally uncalled for . 
  i think you are rather alone in that opinion . 
  if a man comes charging at you with a knife , you shoot . 
  and , i think you have watched to many hollywood movies if you think one can aim for the leg etc - one aim for the body , that is the surest way to stop someone , and to hit them . 
  you do know that there was only a few meters in between when he came charging . 
  you seem to think that the man was this innocent man , potting around in his house , and the police came charging in , and he tried to protect himself . 
  to support your story , you even make stuff up , about husby and the living conditions there , about the average life span in portugal , and god know what more . 
  newsflash - just because he was portuguese does n't mean he was innocent . 
  however , you seem to have made up your mind . 
  the swedish police are bad , husby is worse than the favelas in rio , and the man was completely innocent . 
  nevermind that * every single observable fact * is against you , from statistic to every single swede in the thread . 
  you are one of those fanatics who will defend portuguese no matter what , completely ignoring facts . 
  that is not very smart , or even right . 
  excuse me , it is not a dump . 
  it is a dump , * compared to some other places in stockholm * , but it is hardly a getto , in that sense . 
  yes , the unemployment rate is higher , and the education is lower than the average stockholm place , but stockholm is one of the richest cities . 
  we have loads of places with higher unemployment rates etc , and they dio not riot . 
  you also seem to forget the extensive swedish welfare system . 
  which actually gives even unemployed a decent life , free health care , free schools , free university - free bloody everything . 
  and yes , there are more criminals there , than the average stockholm place , but again - it is not a dump compared to most of europe , or the world . 
  in fact , we took a portugues immigrant who did n't work and propped him up with welfare , so he could live a decent life . 
  you seem to have a lot of opinions , not even been there . 
  how do you know he did n't receive calls ? 
  they had the negotiators there for over 2 hours . 
  and , * of course * they knew he was portuguese . 
  also , after some 30 years , i think he knew some swedish . 
  they went in to the apartment , because they thought his wife was in danger . 
   besides , old men can get quite protective and paranoid . 
  no , they do not . 
  proof for that . 
   69 is really old in my country . 
  no , it is not . 
  now you are just making stuff up . [ link ] ( http://www.worldlifeexpectancy.com/portugal-life-expectancy ) . 
  also - * he attacked them with a knife * . 
  what do * you * think they should do . 
  wait until he cut them up ? 
  no , i agree with you there . 
  no punks , no riot . 
  criminal adults acting like the criminals they are and , among other things , commiting arson . 
  well , calling them punks sort of minmises its , does n't it ? 
  there are criminals , and most of them are grown ups . 
  punks indicate they are some sort of bad behaving kids . 
  they are adult criminals - that 's it . 
  depending on what you mean . 
  certainly the rioting is n't very bad , burning a few cars . 
  i live in stockholm and have n't seen anything , and from what i have heard , no one apart from a few police officers have been hurt or injured at all . 
  however , the swedish integration , or lack thereoff is bad . 
  i guess a good thing is that we will start talking about it . 
  however , as usual i suppose nothing will come of it ... 
  every bruksort in sweden should have it then , including a lot of cities as well - and they do not . 
  so , please , do not even attempt to blame it on unemployment or the number of people , i have no problem of finding places with enough people , high unemployment etc ( have n't checked , but spontaniosly , karslborg and trollh\u00e4ttan comes to mind ) . 
  the facts are against you .
