  in 2002 both germany and france broke the rules and after that i think it was just a free for all , until the crises hit . 
  however , there were supposed to be fines and repercussions but since germany/france did n't really want it , so it never happened . 
  however , since the lack of discipline , caring about rules , treaties , paying fines was n't working at all , they re-negotiated the rules . 
  same rules , this time you are just supposed to follow them , and really , really pay fines if you do n't . 
  oh , and for the countries who are already breaking the rules ( like belgium with its debt for example ) there has to be a positive trend this ha been assured , again and again to win the confidence of the people - this time everyone will obey . 
  everyone will pay fines . 
  fiscal discipline is obligatory . 
  ha , i will believe that when i see it . 
  one of the many tragic things with this is that they are still not even getting to the root of the issue , the incorrect construction of the euro ... 
  i suspect it will be just like last time , rules for nobody . 
  however , how anyone can want any sort of integration , not to mention deep financial integration whith countries who take laws , treaties and rules as some sort of loose advice is beyond me . 
  if they get off now , it affects not just the eurozone , but the eu . 
  i also wonder how countries like finland and the netherlands feel about this . 
  they have ok economies , finland at least have tried to follow the rules , and then again , no one has to obey . 
  i would n't like that a lot if i were them . 
  i agree with what you wrote . 
  furthermore , how can anyone , from olli rehn to france have any sort of credibility , if they * again * get let them off the hook , just because they are france . 
  rules are rules , and we all saw what happened the last time . 
  about the giips - countries , i 'd be furious too , and humiliated . 
  but worse , if i was in any country in the eurozone or in a country planning to join it , i would be worried - extremely worried . 
  is this how following the rules is going to play out ? 
  why do n't you go to r/iceland , or r/nordic ? 
  germany/france set the tone last time when they both broke the budget rules in 2002 . 
  now we have a supposedly new , tighter stricter fiscal pact , where a country can not expect not to pay the fines etc. 
  so , will france pay the fines if they not meet the target ? 
  i very much doubt it . 
  what i found really interesting is this :  the report forecast that the french budget deficit for 2013 would be  3.7 percent of g.d.p. , down from an estimated 4.6 percent in 2012 , but  well above the government 's official target of 3 percent . 
  the  commission also warned that the deficit could rise to 3.9 percent in  2014 . 
   in a sign of flexibility , mr. rehn said deadlines for meeting budgetary  targets could be extended in the cases of france and spain , assuming  their governments could demonstrate progress in adopting fiscal  reforms despite the unexpectedly tough economic environment . 
   as long as countries `` have a credible medium-term strategy for fiscal  consolidation , '' then `` it can make sense to take into account weaker  growth to have more time for the fiscal adjustment , '' said mr. rehn ,  who will probably make those decisions in may . 
  so , is it already ok to break the new , stricter fiscal pact that was supposed not to be broken ? 
  hands up everyone who thinks france will pay any fines . 
  i agree , perhaps some people do that . 
  but , in my opinion , if you have the tv on , people tend to look at it more than interact , and i do n't like that . 
  and , it is still bad tv , not even interesting . 
  in sports , you can at least find someone to cheer for ( sweden ) but here i would just want it to end and most likely not cheer for anyone . 
   maybe i was exaggerating , so that figure should be 60 % of all women and 40 % of the men . 
  ok , that sounds somewhat more plausible . 
   but for me , at least , it seems it would be like swearing for a swedish woman between 20-50 to publicly denounce the esc , if she 's not completely in the alternative camp already . 
  no , not really , and neither i or most of my friends are in some sort of alternative camp , not that i am aware of at least . 
  we just find it uniteresting and boring . 
   and i 'm not suggesting that watching esc makes you stupid , no more than watching champions league or the super bowl . 
  well , obviously not technically , but honstely , i have better things to do with my saturday nights than to stay at home and watch bad tv . 
  even if we are at someone 's place , we tend to talk , eat , hang out etc , not watch tv . 
  i can really only recall doing that with sports - skiing , hockey , handball , olympics etc ( not football , to boring for me ) . 
  are we really that odd ? 
  there must at least be a few millions like us . 
   i always find it a curious discussion :  member states and citizens complain that there is a democratic deficit  change or increase of power and transparency is voted against so as not to give up national sovereignty how is that curious ? 
  sweden is , compared to the eu and some other european countries rather non-corrupt . 
  handing over more power to politicians from there , or to the eu , means that politicians , who statistically at least , are more corrupt are going to make decisions for my country . 
  also , i have no doubt in my mind ( which we can also see in the negotiations ) that what they really want , is more money . 
  not more of what is really best for sweden , and/or even for the eu , they want more money , - and what is happening with those money ? 
  things sweden want , like more research , more infrastructure , not moving the parlament , etc are even being cut . 
  why would we want more of that sort of politics ? 
  and , sweden has been arguing for more transparency . 
  i fail to see the inconsistency here . 
  it is so embarrassing.every other country in this thread is discussing `` real '' stuff , like finances , horsemeat or something similar . 
  we are discussing some idiot 's costume and what song that won . 
  i do n't think there is a page where you can look up every countries stand on different issues . 
  it is not always a yes/no issue . 
  remember , it is a source of discussion at home as well for each country . 
  if you are interested in finding out every countries stand on mali , ask here at r/europe , and/or go to the individual countries subreddit . 
  so , blame other redditors then , not the swedes . 
  and , why ca n't you argue , instead of just leave stupid comments ? 
  i agree , it is as if they are determined to go under . 
  how is it the english expression - if you are in a hole , stop digging . 
  perhaps they should n't try to get rid of businesses , but instead invite them in . 
  aha , thanks . 
  still a coward for deleting his comments though . 
  oh , i am sure some more austerity will work this time around . 
  and if it does n't we will just add some more ... ... i see no problems with this approach , none . 
  if you are going to be a troll carl_sagan_bravery , why do n't you live up to your name , and at least be brave ? 
  why have you deleted your comments from the thread [ eurozone downturn worsens as business activity falls ? ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/18y8xi/eurozone_downturn_worsens_as_business_activity/ ) . 
  why did you do that , carl_sagan_bravery ? 
  and , why are you so obsessed with sweden ? 
  why ca n't you let go ? 
  they can not . 
  haha , thank you , i did n't realised i was being downvoted . 
  oh , who cares , i 'll takes downvotes for eddie izzard every single day of year . 
   can you blame them for not wanting to pursue the path other countries have ? 
  all they have to do is look at greece and spain . 
  i can . 
  you ca n't tell other countries that all of us have to do x , and then the same country goes and does y - that makes you a hypocrite . 
  at least come out and say it then - we are not doing what we are forcing everyone else to do . 
  otherwise , should we listen to what the french does at all ? 
  apperently they say one thing and does another . 
  when can they be trusted ? 
  above all , why ca n't france ( and germany , spain etc ) start adressing what is really the root of the problem , the incorrectly constructed euro . 
  as hollande might have come to understand , it does n't all come down to fiscal discipline and `` lazy southerners '' . 
  but portugal do n't dub , and with brazil i guess they are 100 million or so ? 
  but , you are right , less danish media for example , but i still do n't see why one should want to dub foreign movie ? 
  in particular since it 's more expensive . 
  another thing is that people have been arguing is that elderly people in austria/germany/france for example are to illiterate to read . 
  i do n't believe they are , i do n't belive they are more illiterate than denmark/portugal/finland etc. 
  i have never understood that . 
  i think it becomes rarer and rarer though . 
  i wonder if some of the cancer we are seeing here ( sweden ) is a memory from the 80 's - i hope so . 
  no , a repulsion towards dubbing . 
  now you are deliberately trying to be provocative . 
  why ?
