  even if they say yes , which i doubt , it is many years in the future . 
  really ? 
  i read it was just cut a few % - look at these numbers . 
  i would be happy to be wrong though . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/priorities/eu-budget-2014-2020-euro-deal-linksdossier-514729 ) . 
  here the cap gets 42,5 % , down from 44 % . 
  not much of a change , really . 
   the result is not good , but not that bad as a compromise . 
  i liked his proposal more ... . :-), 
   currency devaluations are just bandaids imo . 
  well yes and no . 
  it is certainly not the only solution , but sometimes it is the only one - look at argentina for example . 
  it is better to devaluate your currency , than to be in the place greece is ( and argentina was ) . 
  also , value of currencies can rise again - example sweden . 
  so , while it is not a single solution in itself , it is sometimes necessary , to use it as a tool along with other changes , of course . 
   and rich people always were aware well beforehand of a devaluation , so they would escape the devaluation of their fortune anyway . 
  no , example sweden and argentina . 
  proof for that statement please . 
   it 's hard now , but in the long run they will be forced to compete/produce at northern standards ( or find other ways to regulate price levels internally without devaluations ) and as a result everyone will be better off . 
  former ddr have been in union with west germany for 20 years , and they are still not as competitive , and they have had decades , not to mention billions in support , not just for building up factories etc , but also for social expenditure . 
  do you expect the greeks to live like this for the next 20 years , but without the help ? 
  i 'd say it is better to stay out of the euro , regain your competitivness and if greece sometime in the future want to join again , then they are already on a higher level . 
  a funtioning currency union has a lot more factors than the euro has , like permanent transfer , financial union , banking union etc. 
  we have a king too . 
  would you mind accepting him as your head of state ? 
  above your queen ? 
  no , of course you would not , so why would we ? 
  i see this as a sign of what it is like being tied to the euro . 
  since the greeks ca n't control the currency , or the interest rates at all , they are forced to internal devaluation . 
  since joining the euro , the greeks ( and spain/portugal ) have lost at least 20-30 % in competitiveness ( eurostat ) . 
  normally , a government would deal with this with lower value on the currency . 
  now , the greeks can not do this , so they are forced , to lower their salary , and also since the competitivness has suffered , increased unemployment . 
  that would be fine , of course , but the problems is that the greek prices are n't being lowered to the same degree , essentially making it harder for them to survive , nor do they have the adequate social system to deal with the large number of unemployed ( does anyone ? ) . 
  so , the greeks are stuck between a rock and a hard place . 
  i 'll probably be downvoted to hell for this , but i truly believe that the greeks would have a better chance outside of the euro ( not outside of the eu ) . 
  then they had a chance of being competitive , without adjusting to the interest and compete with northern states to the same degree . 
  with how much ? 
  it could have been cut a lot more . 
  * or * you could blame the hardline defenders of the cap . 
  why have n't we cut more in that ? 
  are you saying it is necessary to spend as much as we do on the cap ? 
  are you saying we can not cut in the cap ? 
  i am more thinking out loud , but perhaps the right to your language as a minority , to the history of your people to be taught in the school , perhaps the right to celebrate/get the day off on holidays that are important to you as a minority . 
  stuff like that . 
  maybe he wants to have sex before he dies ? 
  viagra works wonders , just ask that playboy guy . 
  i think they posted the report , not sure they did it . 
  if you go to the site you can see the whole report . 
  oh , you have gender quotas ? 
  i did n't know that . 
  i know that the eu fishing policy has been a joke ( and that is an understatement ) but it has , in the last five years , become at least somewhat less of a joke , and i think one should give them credit for that . 
  the overfishing has certainly not stopped , but ( in the 30 most common fishes ) but has decreased from a level of 10 ( i know , i know , madnes ) to be more on a level of 2-3 . 
  still way to much , but the decrease is significant . 
  one of the reasons the eu has been able to do it for so long , is that fishing , while perhaps `` emotionally '' significant , it is not really of huge financial importance , not to the level of iceland and other fishing nations . 
  thus , rather than take the argument , it has been easier to look away , throw some money after them and hope the problem goes away . 
  this also means that the problem will not go away , a huge majority of the mep 's voted for it , and someone , somewhere , will have to start to listen . 
   or what ? 
  heafty fines ? 
  vessels loose the license to fish ? 
  the rule is meaningless otherwise . 
  i hope so , and also that it is equally implemented everywhere . 
  i have no problem with jail time either . 
  are you joking ? 
  our elected representatives shall not be held accountable ? 
  so , for example , if we have a vote a gmo , i shall not have any idea who votes for it , or not ? 
  how do you think it would work if we had a parlament for example , where no one could see what anyone voted for ? 
  do you think that would be a smart move ? 
  who voted for invading iraq ? 
  years afterwards , even though a majority voted for it , they claim they did n't . 
  that is what we will see . 
  how are you planning to hold them accountable ? 
   those same countries , prior to joining the euro , were compensating for their lack of competitiveness with periodic devaluations of their currencies , making their citizens comparatively poorer in the process . 
  most certainly true that they got comparatively poorer , of course , and it was more expensive to borrow , as well , but they did have jobs , and they did have a chance to influence their own economy . 
  i am not saying that is the only thing a country should do , but it is an option . 
  or , do like sweden - we have a free floating currency , but a central bank that control the interest rate . 
  that interest rate is set after sweden 's interest , not germany 's . 
  and , particularely with countries with such a different economies , it can be really bad to share interest rate . 
   internal or external devaluations are just patches when a country is simply unable to undergo the deep reforms that are required to compete in today 's global market . 
  no arguments there , i am sure they need to do deep reforms . 
  but do you think those reforms are being helped with being in the euro ? 
  think of ( former ) ddr . 
  they had deep structural problems and had to undergo deep reforms that were required to compete in today 's global market - and they had to do it with the d-mark . 
  fun you think . 
  well , the unemployment is still higher in former ddr , and west germany has been pumping in bilions for over 20 years now - and they are still not as competitive . 
  well , no one , ever is going to pump in the billions to the ddr levels , for the next 20 years , in greece , it is not politically feasible . 
  yet , a lot of countries expect them to somehow `` shape up '' and become international competitive , at once . 
  how ? 
  i think they could become competitive fairly quickly - with their own currency . 
  look at argentina . 
  but , asking them to become competitive , while they are being in the euro , and not pumping in wast amounts of money is just not feasible . 
  look at ddr . 
  they still are less productive , have higher unemployment etc , and for the last 20 years the have * not * have to deal with foreign debt and they have their minimum standard of living paid by the federal government , as well as just billions in there every month , just to stimulate . 
  greece 's get none of that , and yet we expect them to fix it , or are we just punishing them because they are bad ? 
  i listened to an interview yesterday with isabella l\u00f6vin , a swedish mep who was elected with the purpose of fighting for the fishes actually . 
  she sounded really happy and positive . 
  obviously , everything is not perfect , and she was emphasizing the importance of actually following up on the deciscion , but she said it was a huge step forward . 
  i am cautiously optimistic . 
  damn you finland , you beat us again / sweden, 
  it is from [ this ] ( http://www.epws.net/2013/01/share-of-women-on-company-boards-up-to.html ) site , european platform of women scientists . 
   i ca n't say a thing about food prices but electronics is absolutely another deal and i 'm adamant that we need to come up with more money to buy the same things .
