  are the irish really listening to those people?why ? 
  but there are increased risk with illegal abortions , and i suppose not everyone can afford getting one abroad . 
  why are you forbidding `` normal '' abortions ? 
  how did you measure the rate before 2007 ? 
  so , illegal abortions instead of legal ones ? 
  it does not seem like a solution to anything , nor is it safe . 
  so , they still do it . 
  why then forbid it ? 
  i mean , if one do not like abortions , i do not think one should have one , but just going abroad seem like hypocrisy to me . 
   greece could have easily destroyed the entire eu in 2008 by exiting  in the end greece always wins . 
   i would rather take an economic crisis adn economic success story which is happening in greece than being brainwashed swedes who do not even realize that sweden will be majority muslim latest by 2030  i will enjoy my greek paradise  nobody gives money to greece ,  every day make greece look like an amateur at corruption . 
  you are not only a troll , but a bad one . 
  what you have is called `` sgrandiose illusion '' . 
  observer the `` illiusions '' part . 
  [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grandiose_delusions ) , a little help for you . 
  haha , your comments are really , really funny . 
  sad if you belive them , then you are really sick , otherwise funny . 
   tax evasion is only an issue with the wealthy hotel chains , bars , shipping etc. 
  are you being ironic ? 
  i hope so . 
  shipping and tourism are your two biggest industry and greece is the most corrupt country in europe , after moldova . 
  tax evasion is endemic , and extremely damaging . 
   you can not fire 150,000 people and make every change all within a week because the troika demands it , you promised to . 
  why lie ? 
   they have already proven they no absolutely jack shit when it comes to the `` human factor '' you have ? 
  what about all the humans in other nation who has worked and paid taxes for money handed over to the greeks . 
  when you lie about getting in to the euro - you hurt other countries . 
  when you receive money , year after year from the eu , we pay . 
   idiots like you keep thinking nothing has changed since the bail-outs but if you have actually been paying attention you will see that more change has happened since 2008 than the last 50 years combined . 
  why the fuck do you have to recive money from other countries then . 
  i am not the idiot , i am not the corrupt person who lies and evade taxes . 
   , look at norways economy , now i know you are trolling . 
  so , not paying taxes , took greece five years to loose idiotic stuff like computer vacations and you still have n't fired the people you promised in the first bailout , but you are going to compete with finland in six years ? 
  ddr who had low productivity , a currency that was to high valued for them and all the help they could get from west germany ( as in steady banks , no foreign debt , west germany paying for schools , pensions etc and massive investments ) are still not in their level . 
  yet greece who has none of the help plus massive corruption are going to achieve it in six years ? 
  you can not stop unemployment and increase the productivity of greece with nanotechnology . 
  so how are they going to increase the productivity in six years , even if they are not in greece and get people to stop being corrupt . 
  so how are they going to increase the productivity in six years , even if they are not in greece and get people to stop being corrupt . 
  so they will make greece productive in six years ? 
  i really love how intelligent you express yourself . 
  how does sharia law in any way has to do with the fact that greece have low productivity ? 
  what ? 
  of course you can earn money if you invade . 
  however , i was not suggesting that anyone does . 
  but , if one defaults and you have a problem with it - invade . 
  a state has a right to default you know . 
  if you disagree with their right to default , the only way to stop them is to invade . 
  actually yes , it still works that way . 
  i know about argentine , but that is a ) because they want to be treated normal by the us and b ) for something like five % of their debt or so . 
  so yes , one is debt free when one defaults . 
  the only way to get the money back really is to invade . 
  no , no debt if you default . 
  other problems perhaps , but no debt . 
  why did you do that ? 
  what is wrong with skanderna ? 
  nor northern europe for hiking in the winter . 
  try north africa , perhaps mallorca , cyprus or something . 
  true . 
  and they wonder why they keep loosing votes ... 
  i do n't mind lower taxes but since people seem so upset about school/health care/immigrants that would be my focus area if i was going for re-election . 
  all of those are tricky though . 
  and if i was s i 'd attack those areas with full force . 
  immigration is very tricky though , due to sd . 
  they are increasing btw . 
  true , to keep their promise . 
  it is a good thing i guess , keeping promises , whether one likes jobbskatteavdraget or not . 
  i however wonder if it in their best interest , should they perhaps go for another big group , like retired people . 
  well , i am not an expert on political strategies . 
  generally one sleeps less in the summer and at least my schedule changes . 
  if you know it is going to be light outside all night and no rain/cold at least i am more likely to do things in the evening . 
  also , go to the summer house over weekends , barbecues , etc. 
  in the fall/winter , one tends to stay at home a bit more , cocooning . 
  i do n't think we were , we probably just handed over anything they wanted , no need to tap us ... 
  nothing really . 
  now they want to lower the taxes , it is just a year before election . 
  they are also trying to come up with ways to lower the household debt . 
  to be fair we have n't had a crises the way southern europe has . 
  our economy has been growing , although very little , but still and our currency is not tied to anything . 
  i think we had deflation this spring . 
  i know what it is , but i 've only seen it once or twice . 
  only think they exist in a particular set of houses . 
  i have noticed that being late is accepted too . 
  being late is never ok here . 
  i wonder where that comes from , the difference ? 
  also , i think the day starts earlier and ends earlier in northern europe, 
  i do not know if you are a whore . 
  i do not know if you sell sex.so i will not call you that . 
  but i do know that you defend the destroying of livelyhood for africans . 
  i do know that you defend illegal fishing . 
  i do know you defend overfishing . 
  i do know that you defend the destroying of the oceans , the destroying of population after population of fishes . 
  i do know that you defend the fact that spain has been the laziest country in the eu with reducing it fishing fleet . 
  i do know that you defend the fact that spain 's fishermen are everywhere where they should n't be , fishing everything they should n't fish . 
  i do know , because of your countries willfull destroying of fishing population , the world is suffering , and will suffer more . 
  you defend and support all that . 
  how on earth can you not be an asshole ? 
  i wonder if not most swedes do . 
  and if they do n't , they have access to internet at least . 
  i do not know of anyone who does n't . 
   when you do n't have your phone or internet at hand an atm with the same functionalities is very useful .
