  do you think that the bank save was a good save ? 
   treaties do n't mean anything . 
  they are just fanciful guidelines . 
  every country in the eu acts in its own interests , because there is no higher authority to keep them in check . 
  you are wrong there - treaties are the law . 
  that countries then * chooses * to ignore them , are breaking the law . 
  just because the countries that breaks it , do not get invaded , does n't mean they are not assholes , nor do they mean that they are doing the right thing . 
  it is like if finland would start torturing their prisoners . 
  since finland have signed all kinds of human right treaties , plus it is forbidden in the eu , they are breaking the law . 
  that they might not get punished because of it , does n't change that fact . 
  also , it says a lot that you do not see it as corruption just because it is on eu - level . 
  does n't make it less corrupt , it makes it more corrupt . 
   the banks collapsing would be disastrous for not just their country , not even just europe , but the whole world . 
  if sweden contributes to the bailout funds its because it benefits sweden . 
  do you think the politicians are traitors or something ? 
  i did n't say that no banks should be saved , but are you claiming that every single bank should be ? 
  also , if you want to do a bank save , do a proper one , that benefits the people . 
  take a look at the swedish and finnish bank saves of the 90 's , who are generally seen as model ones . 
  we saved the banks , but the banks * know * that they will pay dearly to be saved - namely to give up ownership . 
  and , in the end the swedish government even * made * money from it . 
  however , the eurozone bank save is the opposite of that - the banks have been saved , again and again , and nothing has been taken from them . 
  basically , they have managed to become risk free - take whatever risk they want , get bailed out at no costs . 
  and you are saying that is not corrupt ? 
  just because it is done on an eu level , does n't make it less corrupt ? 
  it is just tax payers being fucked on a greater scale . 
  [ link to swedish bank save ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_banking_rescue ) . 
   if sweden contributes to the bailout funds its because it benefits sweden . 
  we have n't . 
  contributed to ireland , after that our politicians have wisely stayed out of it , and rightfully critiscised it , for being a really bad save . 
  however , we ca n't stop the money from the cap for example being misused however hard we try . 
  no , i do not consider our politicians or the government reinfeldt traitors . 
  in fact , i think a lot of countries in the eu could learn from the fact that they are obsessive about balancing the budget , think pauing off debt is a good thing , and the fact that they are not in the pocket of banks all the time . 
  do n't you think it would be good ? 
  why do not more countries think like that ? 
   the nordic countries have in total 25 million people . 
  that is half the population of spain . 
  a swedish company would probably rather be a single market with north rhine-westphalia than with norway , denmark , finland , and iceland . 
  we could still have access to the market , like norway . 
  also , we would have to stop to pay for corruption , or sponsor idiotic ideas , like cap . 
  and , the eu would loose income to . 
  as it is now , they have 9 net payers , three would disappear . 
  plus , the euro is about to collapse , which will put a strain on the whole eu . 
  would be good to leave then . 
   care to list some laws that you suspect may be the result of corruption then ? 
  yes , the fishing ban , that is about 10 years to late . 
  the above discussed pesticide , the cap rules , the bank saves ( honestly , can you explain to me why banks in the eurozone are forbidden to fail ) , the fact that not a single country in the eurzone have yet paid the fine they are supposed to have been paying since 1999 for not obeying the treaty etc. 
  oh , and if i remember correctly , it explicitly says in the treaty that * all countries are responsible for their own debt , no other country should bail out any other country * . 
  the ecb should not buy bonds to support individual countries etc. 
  i just love how the rules apply sometimes , and sometimes they do not . 
   sweden can leave the eu . 
  but it does n't . 
  apparently swedish politicians have decided the positives of access to the single market outweighs what it costs . 
  yes , i know . 
  personally i want to , and form a nordic union , but at least we are not in the euro . 
  also , just because we are not leaving does n't mean that i am not right - you know that sweden is in the top 5 of non corrupt countries . 
  exactly - but that is because swedish match reported it . 
  do you think it is happening in all cases ? 
  do you think firms from a different `` tradition '' would have reported it ? 
  do you truly believe that all cases are being reported ? 
  that all laws are made for the good of the people ? 
  then you are beyond naive actually . 
   because the rest of the member states keep giving them it . 
  exactly , the eu do not care that they do not follow the rules . 
  they do not care that corrupt people receive aid . 
  if the eu wanted to fight it , they could . 
  sweden wanted stricter rules and less cap , more corrupt countries wanted more cap . 
   the eu serves the nation states , not the other way around . 
  not my state , we pay more than we receive , and in return , the eu refuse to fight corruption , swedish farmers get mistreated in comparison to french farmers etc. 
  we are forced to succumb to the corruption of the eu . 
  of course they can fight corruption . 
  for example - the swedish snus scandal , where the guy from malta ( i forgot his name ) offered swedish match that snus would still be allowed if the payed him x million euros . 
  are you saying that it is the only case in the eu . 
  the laws , and the votes that is made in the eu goes to the highest bidder . 
  are you saying that the eu can not fight that ? 
  plus , the eu pays billions to countries that do not follow the rules . 
  just yesterday it was posted here on r/europe about how countries used more pesticides than they were allowed to . 
  why are they still getting cap then ? 
  there are a million things the eu can do , why do n't they do it then ? 
  i am on my phone , but i know that sweden , who is very restrictive when it comes to chemicals , have had to allow a lot of them , that were previously banned , because of the eu , among them food colourings . 
  so , it does not seem like the more restrictive version applies . 
  besides , why did n't the governments want to ban it . 
  it is obvious it is not good . 
  it does matter though , does n't it ? 
  those nine countries that voted against the ban , would have had it , but instead they are forced to allow dangerous pesticides . 
  i have n't checked ( where does one do that ) but if for example sweden wanted to ban it , but were not allowed to , i can and will blame the eu . 
  if the eu is also so corrupt , that the majority of the politicians in the different states refuse to do what is right for the environment , then it is not an organisation i want to be part of . 
  certainly not if the politicians willingly destroys the environment . 
  i am on my phone , but i 'll happily post information about the connection between the death of bees and pesticides later today . 
  who knew - poison designed to kill insects did just that ... you could however , also use google , or perhaps head over to r/environment . 
  also , just last week it it was also in the news that wild bees had a much larger importance in the pollination of crop than previously thought . 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  if the people in different states do not want pesticides , should n't the politicians do as they want ? 
  plus , if that was so , you are saying that in states , the politicians do serve their people . 
  true in some states , false in others . 
  look at the us - do they serve the people ? 
   i know that there are still money transfers from western to eastern germany , it 's quite a good comparison . 
  unfortenately yes , 23 year afterwards , and counting . 
  that is one of the many reasons i 'd leave the euro if i were you . 
   there was no referendum about the euro or the lisbon treaty .
