  a ) yes , and in a demcratic framework one does it thought democratic channels . 
  we have a democratic framework , use it then . 
  one do not just `` change the rules for the ecb through the back door , '' one does it the right way . 
  b ) what people ? 
  are the greeks more people than the finns or the germans ? 
  what about the poles or the swedes . 
  and , still no reason not to go through the proper democratic channels . 
   also the ecb can and does directly buy state bonds so it is not a clear-cut as you make it look . 
  and they should n't do it to help individual countries , they have broken the law there for example when they helped out italy . 
  i think the ecb is a disgrace for doing that . 
   i personally think we crossed the line when the lisbon treaty was ratified by the french parliament despite the `` no '' of the 2005 referendum . 
  can you really still use the word democracy when the most basic expression of the will of the people is not respected ? 
  so , why did n't the french oppose it more ? 
  and , perhaps , just a thought , perhaps that is one of the many reason lepen is gaining . 
  there should be a punishment for ignoring the will of the people . 
  still , it is a problem of the french , not of the whole union although i think it was wrong obviously . 
  they just have to follow statutes which are very much subject to interpretation . 
  i agree , but many people in this thread , and in europe , have suggested that they should follow the rules even less , or ignore them . 
    the ecb is probably the most undemocratic entity in the eu . 
  once appointed , the board members are unaccountable to any elected political bodies like the parliament . 
  also , they should not be subject to the parlament . 
  that is the whole point of an independent central bank ( or a euro bank in this case ) . 
  sweden actually have one of the most independent national banks in the western world , and we modelled it after the former bundesbank ( since we had a horrible problem when it was n't independent , then our government just used our central banks as puppets , one of the reasons we had such a huge crises in the 90 's , so we redid it ) . 
  the germans were forced into the euro by the french ( yes , mitterand had it as a condition for the reunification ) and they did * not * want to give up the d-mark . 
  however , forced into it , they had to demands - it should be modelled after bundesbank ( independent and low inflation ) and be in frankfurt . 
  in fact , not having an independent central bank can lead to all sorts of problem , just ask sweden , or why not other countries who were subject to constant devaluations . 
  so , i do not agree with you there , the ecb * should * be independent . 
  in fact , i shudder to think what would happen were it not . 
  southern europe outnumbers northern europe and they would just vote to continue to do what they always have done - high inflation , high interest , instead of dealing with their problem god , the more i dive into the euro problems , the happier i am that we are outside of it ... 
   you are having a laugh are n't you ? 
  no , i am being dead serious . 
   france has a budget deficit if 4.8 % , spain 10.6 % , holland 4.1 % , belgium 3.9 % , greece 10 % , portugal 6.4 % , ireland 7.6 % , cyprus 6.3 % . 
  yes , and it is horrible !, 
  had we followed the rules greece would never have been let in for example , and all of us , including the greeks , would be better off . 
  is that your argument really ? 
  that the rules were ignored , and now no one ever has to follow any laws but we should just have an anarchy ? 
  if you want an anarchy or dictature ( i honestly have n't understood what you want since you disrespect both democracy and the law ) then you can not cling to the eu or the euro either . 
  they are neither anarchistic or a dicatorship yet . 
  so , are you an anarchist or one proposing dictatorship ? 
  but you are not answering my questions !, 
  please do . 
  i am honestly wonnder how people like you think , who thinks that laws are just for shitting on . 
  are you honestly being serious ? 
  do you do n't think one should folllow laws rules and regulations ? 
  is that honestly what you think ? 
  furthermore , what sort of currency union , or union , are you planning to build if no one follows the rules . 
  if the ecb ignores them , then i hope you are ok with that every other institution and country does it too ? 
  why do you support breaking the law ? 
  do you think anything can be build from just ignoring the law ? 
  do n't care about democracy ? 
  how can you support breaking the law ? 
   the primary role of the ecb is to look after the eurozone . 
  no , it is to keep inflation low and defend the euro . 
  you did n't even know the rules existed five minutes ago , now you are claiming that you know them ? 
   unless the ecb changes its policy and helps the economies of the south , there will be no eurozone . 
  the ecb can not change its own policy . 
  it can be done , but then it has to go through the proper channels and it will take years , decades . 
  i bet all countries have to say yes , and if i were a northern country i would fight to keep the inflation goal . 
  so no , it will not happen in a decade at least . 
   unless the ecb changes its policy and helps the economies of the south , there will be no eurozone . 
  perhaps it should n't be if a ) it makes you ignore the law and democracy . 
  why do you do that ? 
  if the euro thinks you are allowed to break the law and ignore democracy - then it should n't survive . 
  why do you think it is ok to break the law and ignore democracy ? 
  do you honestly think you can build anything democratic from that , or do n't you care about democracy ? 
  b ) it is the really bad currency anyway , i do not think southern europe should be in it anyway . 
   i think it 's around 240 billion . 
  in debt , but that is not target 2 . 
  that is in addition and do not show up in the official debt/gdp numbers . 
  at least , the last time i checked greece in target 2 was in this spring , and then they were up to 280 . 
   amusingly that 's about how much the banks received from the ecb . 
  what ? 
   not really . 
  historically no state has ever repayed a debt higher than 90 % gdp . 
  debt is removed by either devaluation or war . 
  what is novel is the concept that making a whole country 's economy tank will help pay their debt . 
  greece 's economy is being tanked by being in the euro . 
  quit it then . 
  the ecb rules . 
  their primary rules are * not * to help the economies of southern europe , it is low inflation and no , they are not germanys bank either , so they should * not * do as the germans suggest . 
  so , high inflation and doing as the germans suggest is against the rules . 
  yes , me too . 
  does anyone know how to change the statue btw . 
  i imagine all countries have to agree and vote about it in their parlament . 
  ok , then i misunderstood . 
  i am sorry . 
   the germans need to get their heads around inflation at c. 5 % . 
   they need to let the ecb print more money and cut its interest rate . 
  that is is a ) illegal and against the ecb statues b ) not up to the germans . 
   could n't be simpler . 
  if you ignore the law and the democratic deciscions . 
  do you think one should do that ? 
   i 'm not advocating ignoring laws . 
  yes you were . 
   the ecb was created with a duty to keep inflation at 2 % . 
  at the highest . 
   right now the ecb is effectively not quite in breach of law , it has room to drop to 1 % , but is n't upholding its legal duties either . 
  actually it is , but maybe not with regards to the inflation , but for example , the ecb should * not * help individual countries ( which it has on several occasions . ) . 
  the target 2 credits which now is up to a trillion is questionable to say the least . 
  however , it primary target is the inflation , not the economy of southern europe .
