   the ecb already has the omt and is interevning on behalf of individual countries , so this point is moot . 
  of course it is n't . 
  are you actually saying that since the rules have been broken , we do not have to care about them at all any more ? 
  does that goes for all the rules then ? 
  because then i will start to advocate for the fact that my country should stop paying their european bills . 
  why should we - rules have been broken so no one has to follow them at all any more apparently . 
   well , then we might as well dissolve the eurozone now , before this gets any more embarrassing . 
  it 's impossible to have a currency union without fiscal transfers of some sort . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  of course countries will have to leave , it is obvious . 
  so you honestly think it is fair and right to introduce fiscal transfers which goes directly against the treaty without re-negotiating the treaty and let people vote ? 
  do you think the finns deserve to transfer money south , in what seems to be at least for decades and do n't even get to vote about i ? 
  what other laws do you think you can just break because you do n't like them ? 
  if you can do this - ca n't all the countries do this as well ? 
  why do we even have treaties and laws if no one gives a shit ? 
  how do you expect anything to be built if we do not have the rule of law ? 
   do n't exaggerate . 
  the proposal i mentioned does not really do that . 
  it adds a small risk to the ecb 's books in order to solve the current problem . 
  it is not even close to debt mutualisation . 
  it does not solve the current problem . 
  the problems are much bigger than this . 
  despite - do you think it is right towards the finns to go against a treaty and force them to pay off other countries debt ? 
  however , no matter how you are twisting it , you want other countries to pay off the souths debt . 
  this would obviously come from the finnish tax payers money , you can twist it however you want , but that is what is happening . 
  but it goes against the ecb mandate to just create euros . 
  it main mandate is price stability , something you do not maintain if you print euros . 
   since the ecb can create euros and the government can tax away the excess that might , in other circumstances but not now , provoke high inflation . 
  does n't work , sweden tried that . 
  will there be a yes though ? 
  it could work actually , if all the `` rich '' countries left . 
  then the euro would fall , a lot , and the remaining countries could perhaps regain their competitiveness . 
  but , as i see it , someone has to leave , either the north or the south . 
  i think it is so absurd that a whole population has a referendum about whether or not two consenting adults can marry or not . 
  perhaps it is the religious and the gay questions then . 
  so did i !, 
  good to know we do n't have to apply for a new passport :-), 
  well , quality of life measurement is a philosophical question and it could perhaps be an interesting question if the eu should start with that . 
  however , he used it as a response to unemployment so it is indicating what i said . 
  also - i 'd like to know how you planned to measure human suffering ? 
  because really - nothing says that automatically there 's a connection btw unemployment and suffering ? 
  what are you and him basing it on ? 
  they were invented as one type of measurement , but most certainly not the only one , or the main one . 
  that is your interpretation . 
  but what both you and him also forgets to mention is that they are good too - how would you live in a world without measurements ? 
  perhaps it is one of those cases where we can unite and share the glory ? 
  hey , i thought we , sweden , were the most indebted people ? 
  we have been working very hard on our housing bubble for the last decade or two , and get beaten by our neighbours !, 
  the only one with higher taxes too !, 
  we do n't really fish that much herring in the rivers , we fish them in the baltic . 
  i do n't think there are any numbers yet for this season , but a general problem is that the herring is getting thinner , which is not a good sign . 
  was n't this a condition for the first bailout ? 
  well , since greece 's public sector seems to be far to big for them and corrupt too , i guess it is long overdue . 
  would have been better if it has started to happen in the 80 's i guess . 
   well they have the right , but as friends of those countries we need to warn them if we think they 're making a mistake ... however they 're so anti-london it becomes questionable if they 're our friends any more :( nobody like to be told that they are wrong :-) . 
  also , as i wrote in my edited version - i think that many of the euro fanatics will blame the failure of the tax on the fact that not every single country in the eu implemented it - not on the fact that it is stupid , unfortunately . 
  i am sure it will only add to a reflexive anti london stance . 
  i mean , i do n't mind people being anti-london if they do not like london 's suggestion , but sometimes it is just done out of habit it seems , and this will be one of those times i guess ( it must be said , that sometimes london is anti-brussels out of habit too :-) ), 
   this is horrible !, 
  well , that is why finland have opted out , is n't it ? 
  you are afraid that your trade will move to sweden ? 
  i think that is a smart move . 
  however , it must be said that eurozone 's ftt will be much lower than the swedish ftt , in the hope that it will not scare the investors away . 
  i think it will though , i do n't see why someone is going to continue to do a certain trade from frankfurt , where it costs more , if you can do it from amsterdam or london , cheaper . 
  but i guess countries have a right to implement whatever taxes they want and the countries who will be harmed are the one implementing it . 
  edit : i just read a bit more on wiki on the european ftt . 
  [ link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/financial_transaction_tax#european_union_financial_transaction_tax ) . 
  apperently they calculate with a revenue of 57 billion euros !, 
  i do not see how the trade can not move , it that is the case . 
  do they think the financial institutions will not notice a loss of 57 billions ? 
  if they have a choice to pay that or not to pay that - the choice is really , really easy . 
  i can already feel the blame shifting as well . 
  no every country who does n't implement the ftt will be to blame for the failure of the tax for the euro fanatics . 
  if you think dictorship , anarchy and not following the law is the way to go - there is no point in changing your opinon either . 
  nor , does it say anywhere , that just because the eu has benefitted me , that they have a ) the right to change the rules without the will of the people b ) that it will benefit me in the future , c ) that i have to pay off other nations debt , make permanent transfer for them or anything . 
  and , even the fact that you do not think that we , the people , should be respected enough to have our say , says everything i need to know about you . 
   sometimes rules have to be broken . 
  yes , it was so good that the maastricht treaty was broken - really . 
  so , that more countries are stupid , do you really mean that is an excuse ? 
  what has that lead to - the situation of today . 
  yet , you defend rule breaking ? 
  so do you think one can build a union , or anything without laws ? 
  what does that leads to ? 
  that is only two ways - dictatorship or anarchy  democracy only leads to berlusconi , grillo , et al so you think a dictatorship is the way to go instead ? 
  brilliant suggestion - really . 
  and , of course the north really will be more inclined to pay more money ( which a financial union will lead to , permanent transfers ) when they have absolutely no say in anything since there are now laws and no rules . 
  yes , i 'll just love waking up every morning , wondering how much money the eu is going to steal from me today , despite my country being a net payer - since the eu has no rules , they might just decide to steal more . 
  i truly hope you are being ironic . 
  otherwise you are a prime example of why the eu and the euro is failing . 
  well , that is one of the things i do not see how they can do without finally renegotiating the treaty and actually let the people of the eu have a say in this extremely important matter . 
  i am however confident that our dear leaders will find a way to completely leave us out and ignore the fact that we , the people , should be involved too . 
  there really was n't much left in hamburg after the bombings and the fires that followed as well . 
   the bit that most gets me is that for european leaders it always seems to be someone elses fault . 
  true - this time it is the people 's fault who insists on not agreeing with the leaders . 
  so , naturally the people should be told off , held at bay and generally have no say in how things are conducted . 
  after all , who are we to demand that we have a say in how the eu is run ? 
  we are just to keep quiet , pay ip and let the wise , all knowing leaders tell us what to do and what to think . 
  the maastrich clearly states that each state is responsible for their own debt and that no state should bail out any other state . 
  that has been accepted as law . 
  the eu and several of its countries are breaking the law every single day , and they do not care one bit .
