  i know the whole greek economy is not solely due to inefficiency and corruption but it is a big part , and it will hinder you . 
  ( there are several factors , the construction of the euro is one ) so , why not work on that instead of blaming other people . 
  and . 
  no it is not a strawman . 
  essentially you always blame the euro countries as soon it is not perfect . 
  guess what - painful reforms never are and if you have to make hundreds , some of them will be idiotic . 
  greece could have minimised that by actually reforming it public sector themselves , fight against corruption before and become more effective . 
  however , you choose not to . 
  why i never know . 
  so , why do n't the greeks suggest something far more effective ? 
  you can hardly not reform , can you ? 
  for god 's sake , if you avoid doing stuff for decades it is not going to be nice when you finally do it . 
  it is hardly the fault of the eu . 
  while your public sector is inefficient - you still want to keep people , i guess not to make them unemployed . 
  guess what - that costs . 
  do n't blame your public finances on the eu . 
  why did you build up that sector in the first place ? 
  blame your parents . 
  how is more coal and gas instead of nuclear `` green '' ? 
  but you do need structural reforms , there is no doubt about it , and you have needed it for decades . 
  are you saying that greece should n't do it ? 
  why should n't greece reform their public sector for example . 
  it is inefficient and bloated . 
  well , i think they have been doing worse than us for something like five years now if i recall correctly . 
  i am sure nokia factors in , but it can not be the sole reason . 
  poland is a fairly big economy , is n't it ? 
  seriously , i would n't bail out any bank with any money the way the euro countries does it . 
  * especially * not with tax payers money . 
  not demanding collateral is a bloody insult to tax payers and downright stupid . 
  what ? 
  the danes have complained and the swedes have answered with increasing the number of medical students in sweden ( or at least we are going to from 2015 or something ) . 
  i think we should blame the norwegians , or my favourite , the finns . 
  honestly , i do n't think there are loopholes that are that simple . 
  our politicians might not be the brightest all of the time , but the laws are drafted by people who has studied law and probably thought of the fact that someone could go outside the schengen area for a week or two . 
  wait until september next year . 
  which part is that ? 
  ca n't see on my phone ... 
  i think you have to wait a long time to see some real debates about the eu - election in sweden . 
  in particular since we are having our own elections as well in september 2014 . 
  it annoys me . 
  even if one does n't like the eu , one should vote is my opinion . 
  vote for someone who does n't like it then . 
  or , just vote goddammit . 
  what is the situation in your countries ? 
  in sweden a ) very few vote to the ep even though we normally have between 75-80 % in our elections . 
  in the ep , maybe 30 % . 
  b ) people do not understand that it is somewhat different in brussels than in sweden so they vote for the same party they always have , even though their interests would be better served by voting for someone else . 
  does anyone else have that phenomenon ? 
  it is not very expensive to buy msc - fish , i am a student and i do it . 
  also , if you worry about what they feed them there are organisations that keep track of that , go online . 
  not sure what they are called in france , but i am certain you have them . 
  i often buy norwegian salmon for example . 
  why do n't you eat grown/raised fish ? 
  or msc fish ? 
  yes , of course , but that at least can be fixed over time . 
  they will not be extinct , some perhaps , but rarer . 
  good , everybody is overfishing , europe as well . 
  we are however , overfishing less than we used too . 
  some of it is probably because we fish in africa , but some of it it truly that we are aiming for more sustainable fishing practises . 
  i think norway and iceland are doing fairly well in that regard if i recall correctly . 
  and , if you eat ( european eel ) stop it - immediately !, 
  well , if they need to eat them , it should go under the cap . 
  not under `` cultural heritage '' . 
  if one considers how paranoid some of their leaders were/are , i am sure they have spied on themselves hell , the fighting among leading communists makes the political fights in the west seem like kindergarten . 
  the least they have done is spied :-) . 
  no shit . 
  we have been doing it since the cold war and sharing it with nato . 
  finland too , and austria too i suspect . 
  not to mention all the nato countries . 
  is there anyone who has n't spied on russia ? 
  no , and it should also be mentioned that she was chosen by lo , our biggest union who is not in bed with , but married to , the social democrats . 
  i did write more specific in my long answer as an example of why sweden do n't want to participate more with the eu . 
  read that part ( it is the first part ) and explain to me not only why the eu did it , but why no one protested and you are all fine with that . 
  why did n't you demand collateral ? 
  buhu , blame it on someone else . 
  it is sweden 's fault that our bank saves sucks . 
  if not for sweden we could grow more tobacco . 
  we refuse to be scientific , but let us blame that on sweden . 
  buhuuu answer me at least about the bank saves - who the fuck does bank saves without demanding collateral . 
  why did you ? 
  why did you transfer all the debt to the tax payers , without collateral ? 
  how can you defend that ? 
  you caused it and above all you keep on making it worse by discrimination , by being in the pockets of banks , by rejecting science and ignoring the rules and common sense . 
  instead of fixing it you whine and bitch about sweden , when we refuse to participate in the next idiotic endeavour . 
  grow up , stop bitching and use some common sense and fix stuff . 
  you caused it , now fix it . 
  is n't every single tradition ( idiotic or not ) cultural heritage ? 
  i do n't understand why the eu should spend money on that - would n't our money be far better spent on the future , stuff like research and education ? 
  if the bullfighting ca n't survive on its own , maybe it should die out . 
  same for other traditions . 
  what ? 
  all we are saying is that we do not want the eu to speak for us in matters of national security . 
  it makes sense , since we have not signed over put national security to the eu , nor has anyone else . 
  why should someone who has no authority over me negotiate for me ? 
  madame , but thank you anyway . 
  ps , i understand you have no evidence for anything , but ca n't you at least explain to me how sweden is responsible for * snowden * , which you claimed . 
  haha , so you have nothing . 
  why am i elitist btw and what did we do to snowden ? 
  please , it seems you have no evidence . 
  post links from reputable sources or you are just another conspiracy nut .
