  what world war have you lost ? 
  - all of these , and several more issues * formed * the weimar republic , helped shaped it . 
  you do not seem to understand that , not at all . 
  if a bad economic situation is all you need to be compared to the weimar republic ( easy credit and austerity according to you ) , i think there are very few countries in the world who are not capable of being compared to the weimar republic in the last 70 years . 
  certainly going with your definition , we most certainly have to add portugal , spain and ireland to the list . 
  and , not to mention , in the catoegory of bad economics ( as in greece is a better shape than these countries ) we should not forget rumania , moldovia , bulgaria , serbia , albania , slovenia , cyprus . 
  i think it is easier to write which countries who are not `` weimar republic countries '' . 
  what ? 
  i have never heard that , i have heard that suicide increased etc. 
  however , the fact that the conditions are bad , does n't make it equal to the weimar republic , why should it ? 
  the conditions in greece are really bad , i do not dispute that , but i do not see the connection with the weimar republic ( unless bad = weimar republic ) . 
  first of all , as far as i know greece have not lost a world war and have their kaiser abducate and all social stucture smashed to pieces . 
  furthermore , greece is not taking their first , baby steps towards democracy , trying it out for the first time . 
  also , where is the hyper inflation , the forced de - militarisation , the loss of land , the collective guilt and the enormous repayment they have to do after the war . 
  also , while they do not have the perfect governments , they do n't even switch as often as the italians , and they do not seem so weak as some of the weimar were . 
  not to mention , greece have n't had a single putsch , as far as i know . 
  well , that is just from the top of my head in differences between the weimar republic and greece . 
  so , situation in greece is bad , but it is not weimar . 
  the land of restriction ? 
  i thought that was * our * title . 
  first denmark pay higher taxes than us , then you try to take the restriction title away from us - what now ? 
  at least the weather is bad , there 's some safety in that . 
  i think some of the things that makes people worried are what the media tells us . 
  i mean , sweden , denmark and finland all seem to be worried about health care and social spending , and i bet we have among the highest in the eu . 
  also , swedes are worried about the schools , which reflects the current debate ( honestly , they are not that bad ) . 
  the same thing with the uk - they seem to be worried about taxes which i understand are high , but not * that * high . 
  i do not think one need an explanation as to why the greeks for example are worried about unemployment . 
  so , i think it what the media talks about . 
  sometimes it is correc , sometimes it might be of some importance , but they are exaggerating . 
  of course , influental people/parties have the power to get an issue on top of the `` media agenda '' . 
  the survey is obviously long , but one can go and look at what one finds interesting . 
  for example , those most postive about the economy , is sweden , germany and luxemburg . 
  most negative is greece , spain , hungary , bulgaria , cyprus . 
  i found it interesting that it seems like a majority of the citizens , with regards to the economic crises , think `` the worst is yet to come '' . 
  the only two countries that do not believe that is denmark and estonia . 
  also , differences . 
  in luxemburg one worries about housing , in the uk about taxes and in ireland about crime . 
  anyway , for nerds like me it is fun to look at polls like this . 
  have fun . 
  but we ( non finns ) ca n't sign it , can we ? 
  my favourite was when i typed in `` is europe '' and added a k , and got * is europe kaputt '', 
   you have already been given links by a few people in this thread , to documents that would be a good starting point to finding out where your money is going and what they 're planning to do with it yes , but no one has been able to tell me for example what i want to know . 
  i have looked - honest - you tell me then . 
  for starters ** for how long are we going to give rural development aid to individual areas ? 
  ** have we evaluated the rural development aid ? 
  for many more years are italy going to receive it ? 
  ** when are spain , greece , portugal , ireland etc going to be net donors , not recipients . 
  you honestly seem to be baffled over the fact that i want to know the * plans * for the money , and the evaluation , and the goals . 
  how is that weird ? 
  i do n't think it is a good policy not to tell me that . 
  if the eu is so transparent - why ca n't i found that one out . 
  it is all very reasonable questions . 
  do you honestly support a government that ca n't answer that ? 
  i do n't - if my government can answer that , why ca n't the eu ? 
   but i do n't think you really want to look for the information and instead you just want to argue with people here . 
  unless someone on this forum is a professional eu budget controller , i do n't think you will get a good answer to your question ie . 
  you 're wasting your time . 
  fun fact - i have spoken to professional eu budget controller ( several times actually for different reasons ) , at their office in sweden . 
  all they can tell me is that `` we gave money x to project y , and they spent it on y '' . 
  no one can tell me whether y was a good project , and no one is evaluating it . 
   the improved infrastructure in spain allows spanish fruit to be delivered to your swedish supermarket at a much reduced cost compared to 30 years ago perhaps ( and with regards to health i 'd argue no , but that is another issue ) - * but * then the eu should be able to prove it , not have people on the internet desperately grasping at straws . 
  give me a link then . 
  give me one reason why the eu ca n't tell me + why they have n't evaluated . 
  should n't they evaluate not just where the money has gone * but if it is effective too * . 
  personally , the spanish oranges might be to expensive now anyway + the spanish climate will be fucked up because of climate change so i think it very well could have been smarter to invest in infrastructure ( at least they go under infrastucture in sweden ) with regards to internet , etc. 
  i think it might have helped in the downturn the spanish economy has taken too . 
  if you or i are right , i will never now - * because the eu have n't set a goal , nor have they evaluated * . 
  and you are perfectly fine with having sent away billions with no goal . 
  i am not . 
  that you are scares me . 
  ** may i ask , and i really like for you to answer this - what do you have against goal , planning and evaluation ? 
  ** give me several good reason why the eu should not have plans , set goals and the evaluate the result . 
  why do you dislike it ? 
  i think it would be a lot better if we had it . 
  **  the question you 're really asking is when will there be a date when all of this will end . 
  in my opinion it should never end , poor countries should always receive money from rich countries in order to balance the world out and make everyone more equal . 
  there is direct and indirect benefit for all parties , this is not a zero-sum game . 
  but you are accepting a status quo - spain is always poor , and should always be on the receiving end , so igelkotten , stop complaining you are rich '' . 
  this is wrong on so many levels , first - i do not , unlike you accept this status quo . 
  i think spain could become rich , and i do not , unlike you , accept that italian rural development should be given to the same areas for 40 + years since i happen to think they could develop . 
  in the same time south korea has gone from poor to rich , southern italy has n't developed . 
  i think that is wrong , and that we should change that . 
  i think we should set goals , ask what went wrong ( evaluate ) and have a time frame . 
  same for spain/greece/portugal . 
  i do not think it is a given that they should be poor forever , but we need to look at what they have been given , perhaps the amounts should stay the same , but the aid should be given completely differently , to help growth etc. 
  however , we will never know , because the eu refuse to say any goal , set any goal , plan and evaluate . 
  and people like you support that ( really , * why * ) and complain when i want to change it . 
  furthermore , another complain i have at your point of view is that it make areas victims + make them passive . 
  really , if rural italy know that they will be given development money , no matter what , why should they develop ? 
  they might even loose the money . 
  so , instead they make sure that they do n't . 
  that is why one should have a time frame , and evaluation - something the eu has n't and you apparently do not want either . 
  tell me then - for how many decades should rural areas in italy receive development money ? 
  they have for 40 years - another 40 ? 
  btw - this is a common phenomenon in aid to thirld world . 
  what is more is that for example greece know that the eu will pay for their roads , they will not bother to budget for it - who cares , the roads will be built anyway . 
  i think all of the situations outlined are wrong - i think we can change that . 
  but to do that we need goals , planning , evaluation and a willingness to say `` this is n't working , stop it '' . 
  i think it is frighetning that you are against all that but i am really looking forward to read your answers as to why . 
  does it matter ?
