  i agree that there is a lack of emergency backup for the euro , but a vital part in that would be the ability to create money , like any other currency . 
  yes , the problems have arisen because of the incorrect construction of the euro , i am sorry , you are wrong there . 
  however , you are right about not * all * of the problem is due to that , but the basic ones . 
  it is economics 101 , that the internal competitiveness in the low cost/low productivity countries and it is exactly what has happend . 
  it sank between 20-30 % between 1999 and 2008 for the giips countries ( you measure it in unit labour costs , it is all in eurostat ) . 
  that was when the economy was up etc. 
  it is economic science . 
  it is also economic science that what you need to counteract it is transfers and investments , debt relief/reconstructuring and not bothering about banks . 
  why you are mixing the credit crises up with this is not strange , because parallell with the ez crises , it is , as you correctly point out , a world wide credit crises . 
  we simply have two crises at once . 
  however , the loss in competitiveness started way before that , and that is the root of the problem for * the eurozone * . 
  and , to counteract that you need massive investments , transfers , working banking system and debt reconstructuring . 
  nothing of that is happening . 
  you ca n't just print money ( which they are not doing anyway ) and think the problem will go away . 
   no , but they are forced to use the same legislation which is impractical if you want to catch up . 
  other countries do n't have the advantage of internal transfers but have more flexibility in legislation . 
  in any case , increasing productivity takes at least time , whatever you do , so they will have a lower standard of living for an indetermined so you think southern europe is ok with austerity for the next 30 years ? 
  i do not . 
   meh , consumer democracy : expecting to serve you easy choices without responsibility . 
  democracy is hard work , you have all the rights to get involved in the political process , but you can hardly expect that every single citizen is spoon-fed all important information in easy-to-digest soundbites . 
  what ? 
  i expect them to speak the truth , is that to much to ask ? 
  i use giips , so i do not insult anyone . 
   i did n't say it would be solved in a few years . 
  in the future other countries will have problems too , so you 'd have to make that a permanent measure . 
  exactly , so how many decades of this situation do you think they can take , without transfers ? 
   so you 'd have to make that a permanent measure . 
  the transfers ? 
   as the banking union is implemented , that will at least take the burden of supporting banks off the books of the governments , giving them more breathing room . 
  the banking union that less and less countries want to be a part of ? 
  not even all the euro countries want to be in it . 
  and , germany is refusing ( with good reason i believe ) to guarantee the deposits . 
  so , what sort of banking union is it then ? 
  besides , you can , again , not have a banking union without letting the individual countries vote . 
  more and more countries will say no , like now , finland and the netherlands are out , sweden , dk and uk are most definately not in - in the end you will end up with fewer and fewer net payer . 
  how do you think that will work out ? 
  are germany/france , luxemburg and austria perhaps ok with guaranteeing the banks for the whole of eurozone ? 
  i would be extremely scared if i were german , with good reasons . 
   besides that there are structural funds . 
  no , there are no structural funds . 
  now you are mixing up the eurozone , and the eu . 
  the structural funds belongs to the * eu * and are * not * the eurozones to command with a wink of a hand . 
  and frankly , the countries in the east are still poorer and need the the help to * develop * , which is what the structural fund is supposed to be there for . 
  i most honestly say that i think it is very , very questionable that you think it is ok to take eu funds that are supposed to be used for development to be used to cover * eurozone problems * that has arisen because of the wrongly constructed euro , the incompetence of the leaders etc. 
  that however , is not the eu 's problem . 
  i pay tax money to the structural funds for it to be used as just that - not to be used , illegaly i might add , as the eurozones little bank . 
  how can you even suggest that ? 
   the difference with the ddr is that other countries still have more leeway to adapt their legislation to their lower productivity situation . 
  and you think that the legislation will make all the difference ? 
  so , what you are saying , is that the ddr would have become competitive on their own , if they have had a chance to control their legislation ? 
  so , the * trillions * germany poured over them were not needed ? 
  i mean , that must be it , if you do not need transfers which you say the giips countries can do without . 
  honestly , i think that is so wrong . 
  of course the trillions poured over ddr made all the difference in the world . 
  even if they had low productivity , they still had a working society , something that is falling apart in southern europe . 
  you are implying , that if they change their legal system , all will be fine . 
  of course not , what they need is perment transfers . 
  and , i think it is extremely shitty of the eurozone leaders not to let the people know that , or letting countries vote . 
  it would have to be a transfer union . 
  compare the loss in competitiveness with when ddr/brd ( west germany ) joined in a currency union . 
  ddr might have been less competitive from the start than portugal/spain etc , but unlike them they had someone else take care of debt , they did n't have to worry about their banks , and to keep the social stability they had massive transfers to make sure they had school , health care , unemployment benefits , etc. 
  to top that off , they had massive government investment , and the people were all on board . 
  the germans have pumped * trillions * into ddr , and they are still transferring more than * 100 billions * each year . 
  yet , the ddr are still less productive and have a higher unemployment - easy to see if you look at the numbers , 23 years after the fact . 
  so , the south will have nothing of the transfers , dealing with a massive debt , a social disaster with unemployment etc , far less investors etc - and you expect them to become competitive in a few years with a bit of printing ? 
  it would most certainly have to be a transfer union . 
  i think people should have a say in that , do n't you ? 
   there is also the possibility of stronger european integration that will reduce the corruption problems . 
  that is unfortunately my nightmare . 
  i certainly do not want more integration . 
  i do not want any more people from brussels taking our money - where are they going and what are they doing ? 
  also , with deeper integration means that people that most certainly do not care about sweden ( they only want our money ) would decide over us . 
  why would i want that ? 
  also , the `` leadership '' , or lack thereof , i have seen in this crises is horrible , as well as the democratic deficit , and the bad economic deciscions . 
  i honestly think our leaders might have done a better job ... also , if more of the deciscions get made in brussels , they will ( statistically at least ) be made by more corrupt people . 
  why would i want that ? 
  so , no , i do not want deeper integration . 
  above all , it will not happen without a popular vote , and i am confident sweden would vote no ( and finland and denmark too i believe ) . 
   well , in the end there might be less potential for abuse outside the euro , but mark my words that when that day approaches you 'll be surprised by the reaction from certain political groups in greece ( last time this almost happened you had some going from `` no to the euro '' to `` no to the nazist occupationary drachma '' in a matter of days ) . 
  and it would be risky for the s europe , but also for the rest of europe , cause like , they 'll lose markets i do not wish bad things to happen to greece , not at all , but i do not see how greece ( or portugla/spain ) can stay in . 
  this austerity will go on for decades - that is not fair toward a country , not at all . 
  i hope it will not be to hard . 
  welcome !, 
   in my opinion they could have easily kept a more or less balanced budget , and the situation now would n't be that bad . 
  i am in no way disputing that greece have a corruption problem , a big one . 
  and , whatever happens , that corruption will stop you from being comptetitive , and stop investors from coming to greece . 
  it should be priority 1 for the government , for sure . 
  however , the same thing that is happening in greece is happening in portugal/spain , and to a lesser extent , italy . 
  portugal/spain might not be angels , but they are far less corrupt than greece . 
  so , while corruption is most definately part of the picture - * in greece * ( and will stop you from bouncing back ) , it is not the reason while competitiveness was lost in southern europe . 
  i mean , sometimes all i read is accusations about `` lazy south '' and `` nazi germans '' . 
  i think perhaps that sometimes a bit of stepping back would be in order , and understand that the nature of economics , the theory behind currency unions is what have caused the rapid fall for southern europe , not anything they have done , explicitly . 
  think about it , while everything you say about the corruption is true , the corruption in iteself ca n't call that massive fall , it would more be like a slow decline . 
  unfortunately , the theory behind it also says that you will need massive transfers , and it will take decades ... i do n't really see that happening , at all , nor can the austerity you live under go on for decades either . 
  i 'd recommend leaving the euro , unfortunately . 
  however , again that might be extra problematic for greece , due to the corruption . 
  i do not envy your choices . 
   it 's stuff like this that really makes me wish we either had a real union ( i.e. 
  one where individual countries ca n't pull shit like this [ 1 ] ) , or give up on the whole thing altogether . 
   it is most certainly not in the best interest of nations collectively , why would it be ?
