  that is one of the reasons you * are * in said plight . 
  how do you expect a state to work if you do n't pay your taxes ? 
  no offence either , but we are the second highest taxed country in the world . 
  you do not seem to understand that . 
  we will beat you , when it comes to taxes , at every turn . 
  the only ones that pay more than we do , are the danes . 
  that is if you take the official rates into account . 
  then , added to that is the fact that swedes are a lot better at actually paying said taxes which the greeks are not . 
  so look at the official numbers of how much percentage of ones income you pay - we win . 
  that greece is corrupt is another issue . 
  why have you built such a system then ? 
  why have you voted for it - i mean , you have had the opportunities since 1974 to change it . 
  cheating on taxes is hardly the answer , but i find it fascinating that the greek state , with the help of its citizens , seem to have built a system where it is possible to cheat . 
  we do n't even have that sort of system . 
  why gave you built such a system ? 
  i feel sorry for you in the sense that a corrupt system hampers everything , that good people of greece are trying to achieve , but i am fascinated by the fact that no one seem to have bothered , befordra the crises . 
  then you get your taxes raised , rather abruptly to a somewhat normal level from what was actually very low . 
  yes it hurts , but you tax rates are still among the lowest - compare yourself with the netherlands , france , denmark . 
  etc but , look at the official numbers - we pay much more in taxes than you do - first in official rates , and then due to the fact that we actually pay them . 
  if you say different , i 'd like statistics for that . 
  i just assume that all cyclists are doped , those who are clean are just not convicted yet ( aka lex armstrong ) . 
  she must have been on something . 
  true , but they are , as evident in the picture , very hard to hide . 
   for example the cost of living vs the available income after taxes . 
  if you make 30k per year taxed at 60 % and i 'm making 10k taxed at 40 % , you are still much better off even with the higher tax . 
  we start paying 30 % tax on around $ 2000/year - it is impossible to live on that in sweden , just the food costs much more . 
  ( we are the most expensive country in the eu , or the second most , after denmark ) . 
  so , we pay taxes when we ca n't afford it , as well . 
   there are many households now that their only option is to evade or starve . 
  well , yes , i can understand that , but frankly , from what i understand , the greeks have been evading taxes since , well , i guess since you became free , as you very correctly point out . 
   i ranted a bit ; in the end i agree with you that high tax is n't a bad thing , however when dealing with such corruption and a deeply ingrained belief that tax evasion is good , cranking up the taxes is the wrong way to deal with it . 
  but do n't you see - not paying taxes is corrupt too - by you ( as in you the person who do n't pay the taxes , not sokolobo ) . 
  that is cheating , lying and contributing to corruption as well . 
  one has to start somewhere , why not start with being honest and paying taxes ? 
  yes , the greek have a corrupt system , but all are a part of that system , and being a tax cheat is aiding to corruption . 
  i do wish you deal with your corrupt system ( as i am sure the greeks wants it much more than i do ) but cheating is n't the way . 
  the thing is also , i wonder why you have built such a system , and not tried to change it before , the crises . 
  it is not news really , not to any greek i have ever met . 
  also , the only one who can change the system is the greeks , not anyone else . 
  is it always like that , one has to make the changes oneself ( but then they become better ) . 
  i think i am just having a hard time feel sorry for the greeks , tax wise ( other things i can emphathise with ) when we always pay much more , no matter how one calculate . 
  i might also add , that apperently the train is constructed so , that you ca n't accidently drive it the way she did , so it was not an accident , she really did go for it . 
  the woman was a cleaning woman , who for some reason decided to steal the train . 
  i really wonder what she was going to do with it . 
  hmm , we have 30 % ( that is the super minimum ) on * any salary * above $ 2000/year . 
  there is no way , ever , you can live on that in sweden ( that is not even your yearly electricity bill if you live in a house ) . 
  we pay 30 % taxes on welfare , for god 's sake . 
  and do n't get me started on the taxes when you earn more than the minimum . 
  you do know we pay the second highest in the world * and * we are also much more likely to pay them . 
  i simply do n't think that is any way you can beat sweden when it comes to taxes . 
  edit : removed a sentence that did n't make sense , and changed 1000 to 2000, 
  i am saying that high tax rates in itself is not necessarily bad for the economy , as those countries are evidence of . 
  greece still have lower tax rates than all those countries . 
  i do not think greece 's problems comes from the taxes , but from a multitide of reasons , one of them is the lack and willingness of paying said taxes , another one is to use the tax money effectively . 
  i do n't see why higher taxes in greece have to mean financial oblivion . 
  we ( sweden ) have much higher tax rates , and so does a lot of other countries , the netherlands , denmark , finland , belgium , norway , france etc. 
  really ? 
  perhaps it is because i am an environmentalist , but it is not unheard of here ( sweden ) . 
  there 's been talk of , for example , about `` meat free mondays '' for places that serves food , like hospitals , schools etc , as one way to reduce their carbon footprints . 
  i must say , i am not a vegetarian though , but i probably eat 70 % less meat than i did three years ago . 
  i have slowly tried to change my mind from having the default answer to `` what shall i eat today ? '', 
  from meat , to vegetables and fish . 
  i am not a vegetarian , but i mostly eat vegetarian food , due to several reasons . 
  the main one is the climate reason . 
  the fact is that meat is much more `` co2 - heavy '' , than vegetables , and i think we all should try to adjust our diet to lessen the co2 - emissions . 
  one has to start somewhere , usually with oneself and i try to do just that . 
  i have a lot of friends who think like me and are vegetarian due to that reason - how is that hypocritical , ignorant or bad ? 
  first of all - you editorialized the title . 
  that is not good reddiquette . 
  if i were to click on your link , one comes a site that says - water campain . 
  how on earth , you can get from `` water campaign '' to * your * title , without the heaviest of editorialising and sensetionalism , i do n't know . 
  second - you said it was for a good cause . 
  so , are n't they all ? 
  if i wanted to provoke a debate , i could have for example ( looking at r/europes frontpage ) posted a link that says [ fucking france hates gay people ] ( http://www.dw.de/thousands-protest-in-paris-against-gay-marriage/a-16518660 ) . 
  * that * would surely provoke a debate , to a cause that is also good and dear to me - gay rights . 
  that must surely count as a good cause - right ? 
  however , doing that would be a lie since the title would be completely incorrect , most of france does n't hate gays and it is just wrong and provocative . 
  another idea : [ the french are loosers ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/9798891/french-capital-flight-spikes-as-hollande-hits-business.html ) ( good finances are very dear to me , it is for a good cause you know , if the economy goes well , the french can support the environment more ... ) . 
  so , if everyone did like you , how do you think the front page would look like ? 
  what makes your cause so much more worthy than everyone elses ? 
  what makes you the exeption to the rule ? 
  i 'd like for you to answer that please . 
  i did n't imply that it is happening in sweden right now , at least that was n't my intention and i 'm not sure how you read that out of the title , however polemical it might be . 
  ... `` privatization in europe through the eu ... '' through the eu implies the eu , if you have n't understood that . 
  otherwise , you write southern europe , or more specific , portugal and greece , which i understand is the case . 
  this is another reason why you should n't write your own titles , obviously you did n't graps that `` in europe through the eu '' is read as exactly what it says , * not * as southern europe . 
  why did n't you just write that then ? 
  n\u00f3rthern europe is not a part of the eu perhaps ? 
   the report i was talking about earlier ,  http://www.neurope.eu/article/commission-favor-water-privatization-countries-receiving-bailout etc i know what you are talking about * and * i would happily have discussed it had you bothered to just start an open discussion about it , since i find it an important issue ( for example , the cap is most certainly not adjusting to the climate changes and the water issues we are facing ) , but i really do n't want to . 
  you just you made me click on something by lying ( ok editorializing/sensationlism ) and why would i want to discuss it then . 
  if i want false advertising , i turn on the tv or open a magazine . 
  i am attempting to escape it here on at least a few subreddits . 
  no matter the cause , what you wrote is still false advertising . 
  i doubt that you know anything about the water situation in the nordic countries . 
   if the news behind the campaign turn out to be hot air , i 'm fine with that and i do n't feel like there 's harm done . 
  ok , why is your issue so much more important that anyone elses , that you can `` lie '' in the title . 
  is the intentions is all that counts , i am sure you are fine with every singe title on r/europe being changed , but it would soon make this subreddit unreadable . 
  are your intentions much more noble than other peoples ? 
  you implied that water was being privatisized in my country - sweden , either through my government or through the eu . 
  it is n't .
