  we do not have a treaty - how can we allow a union like that.furthermore , apart from the fact that each country should follow the stability pact ( and do n't , therefore should be fined or thrown out ) , the ecb is forbidden to bail out or intervene when it comes to individual countries , something they have done . 
  the ecb people are civil servants , albeit high ranking . 
  they have no right to do that , no more than a high ranking judge have a right to make up his own laws . 
  i hope judges that makes up their own laws get fired , and i 'd like to know why the ecb people do not get prosecuted or fired . 
  do you think a union where extremely important deciscions are made - against the law - by civil servants , are good working unions ? 
  do n't you think that a union have to be built upon law , and respect for it ? 
  otherwise - how can we even start ? 
  i honestly do not see where the people i elected lied . 
  perhaps you can tell me . 
  the swedish government thought that the maastricht treaty were to be upheld , but very few countries did , nor did the eu bother to fine them . 
  i think a lot of people thought that , that the law were to be upheld and respected . 
  but you are right . 
  a union who does n't respect the law or do not fire civil servants who breaks the law should not exist . 
  it has no right to . 
  do n't you agree ? 
  i believe that some of the decisions violate sovereignty and above all , goes against the law , the maastricht treaty that the eu democratically decided to follow . 
  the no democratic ways of the eu violates the rights of each and every eu citizen . 
   `` citizens now think that their national democracy is being subverted by the way the euro crisis is conducted . '', 
  perhaps because it * is * . 
   eu leaders are aware of the problem , utterly at odds over what to do about it , and have yet to come up with any coherent policy proposals addressing the mismatch between the pooling of economic and fiscal powers and the democratic mandate deemed necessary to underpin such radical policy shifts . 
  you idiots - you could for example let us vote about what you are doing , or , i do n't know , doing crazy stuff like perhaps renegotiating treaties , follow the law etc. 
   os\u00e9 manuel barroso , the european commission president , said on tuesdaythis week the european `` dream '' was under threat from a `` resurgence of populism and nationalism '' idiot . 
  blame the europeans , not the fact that it is the eu who has messed up . 
  has it ever occurred to you that they might be right and you wrong ? 
  yes , but frankly , greece have had decades to deal with it . 
  why has nothing happened ? 
  seriously , the state of greece 's public sector or the bureaucracy must surely be laid at the feet of the greeks , not the eu . 
  and - the same goes for the corruption . 
  how can you blame the corruption , that has been going on for decades , on anybody else but the greeks ? 
  and , to end the corruption , the greeks has to take the fight ( as i am sure many want to ) . 
  it is hardly the fault of the finns or the dutch that the greek society and the greek bureaucracy is filled with corruption . 
  and the reason i understand it , why they want greece to fire a lot of people in the public sector , is that greece have an over bloated , inefficient one , that greece can ill afford . 
  illustrated by the fact that apparently young people can not start companies . 
  why on earth do you want those people to stay , they seem a dead weight to me . 
  i honestly do n't understand why it is so hard to reform stuff like that . 
  it is not even a lot of money involved . 
  what you describe should be priority number one it seems . 
  why is the greek state not acting , and why have n't they acted ? 
  i mean , has n't this been a problem forever ? 
  the law specifically says fines for the ones who does n't follow it . 
  plus , that several countries , like italy , never should have been left out . 
  they however , refuse to either leave , pay or adjust . 
  besides - do you really mean that unless there is a punishment clause , one should just ignore treaties ? 
  so , if the us broke a clause in a non nuclear treaty , it should either be attacked with force or the whole treaty ignored ? 
  so you think that us the case for every treaty , non nuclear , environment , not to mention the numerous trade treaties ? 
  how do you think the world is going to work if everyone just ignore every single treaty as soon as it does n't suit them ? 
  why do you want that ? 
  are you an anarchist perhaps ? 
  how do you think anything sustainable can be built in a situation where you , and people like you think law , treaties and rules are completely unimportant and think it is wrong to follow treaties and do not even care to follow popular vote . 
  then we get clan states , like somalia and afghanistan . 
  also , you completely ignore the lack of democracy here . 
  do you think it is ok to let people vote for one thing , and then let unelected officials do another ? 
  i do not know why they are not punished - they should be . 
  so , if we can not trust the law and that the treaties we vote for should be followed - how do you suggest the eu should be governed , if not by democracy and law ? 
  i 'd really like to hear your answer to that one , since you seem to deem it unimportant . 
  the only other answers i can come up with is complete anarchism or a dictatorship . 
  however , you might have a third way that i have n't thought about . 
  i know , i actually read the thing . 
  another one ( the israeli ? ), 
  most definitely points out that france is suffering from a maladies . 
  i was just pointing it out since it seems that at least half of the eu and most of the eurozone are struggling . 
  but there is , which history has proven , a true moral hazard in disregarding the law and what people democratically has voted about . 
  do you want to ignore that ? 
  i think we have many sick men ( and women , in the name of equality ) in europe . 
  i do n't think there is just one country that can lay claim to that title . 
  so , the eurozone creates trillions of euro , which is the exact opposite of the ecb rules and what people have voted and agreed to , wipe out savings while still not dealing with the underlying issues . 
  sounds like a brilliant plan ... 
  i wrote incorrect , i mean to write `` or hope for more inflation . 
  it was a list . 
  no use to do anything as long as you leave the root of the problem . 
   well the ecb should be stepping in there and doing it automatically . 
  oh , but it is against its statue , and the law . 
  second , perhaps you do not think about how much money is needed , and for how many people ( without france , i guess it is roughly 145 , but with france , more than 200 millions , supported by 150 millions of the north ... ) so , the money has to be collected from the norths tax payes and sent to the south , and at the same time while wiping out their savings . 
  all this , against the conditions of the maastricht treaty , of course . 
  also , the automatically you are talking about works with an economy like australia , or perhaps the netherlands . 
  it does n't really work with greece - take a look at their inflation , they have had high for decades , and at the same time nor reforming . 
  so , what you are suggesting is an endless money flow from north to south . 
  do you think that will work ? 
   again , the underlying issues do need to be resolved . 
  but not now . 
  when ? 
  if i were to send trillions south , and ruin my pension , i 'd very much like to know when . 
  the italians just voted no to it btw . 
   let 's get the patient 's heart beating again before we worry about putting him on an exercise regime . 
  also , you are not answering how the underlying issues is going to be resolved . 
  you need to do this , and i would very much like to hear how you are going to fix it . 
  as i 've told you , the eu has tried the approach of sending money south - and despite its clear failure , you want to continue down this path ? 
  do you really have any evidence whatsoever that it will work this time ( despite greece being number 120 on the corruption list , and italians voting no to reforms ) . 
  economics do not exist in a vacuum . 
  you are suggesting throwing good money after bad - if you do that you better have a really , really good plan , otherwise - look at the history , or better yet , look at the unwillingness to initiate reforms even now . 
  so , i 'd like to hear that really good plan , otherwise i am just going to point to history and say - tried that , it is not working . 
  also , you do know that most of those countries as soon as their got their inflation and their stimulus just kept going - kept the inflation high . 
   ( until the recession was over ) . 
  it will be lovely for the finns then , whos pensions saving gets wiped out . 
  the track record of many of the giips countries is that they continue down the path of inflation rather than reformation . 
  so , do you honestly think one can leave stearing of the ecb to them , and they will stop the second they are out of the recession ? 
  you do n't seem naive to me , so i doubt it . 
  so , no , they will not . 
  instead , you are setting the ez on a path of continous inflation . 
   no , we were in neither .
