  but , you also know , that not is lance armstrong being sued by everyone , but also by supporters who bought his book and claim it is a lie . 
  should n't a normal person be able to sue someone because they willingly went against the law ( it is , after all not legal to fix games ) and fucks it ups for millions , as well as for that person ? 
  the gambling industry should go after them , they mess up the odds . 
  also , whos has been sent to jail from fifa . 
  have the world cup been stopped since we know that there was bribes involved . 
  football is going the same way as cycling , it seems to me like every year it becomes more of a corrupt joke . 
  also , homophobia and racism . . 
  ok , i am really uniterested in football , but is n't well known that it is a corrupt sport with fixed games , one bribe not only referees , but also to get the world cup etc ? 
  i thought this was as well known as the fact that cyclist hardly are among the most doping free of athletes . 
  my question is - why are n't they fixing it ? 
  but none of that is reason for electing a corrupt asshole . 
  it also lessens the faith in italy and italians by the market . 
  so you think electing berlosconi will stop economic depression ? 
  i do n't understand this . 
  if italy elects him , they might as well be saying that we prefer corruption and we are never ever going to fix things . 
   yet not all are getting darker , unlike sweden . 
  what are you referring to ? 
  i have no idea . 
  it would be nice i guess , if i had the solution . 
  on a personal level i guess - i 'd never stand for it ( and i live in a country where one can say that , it is not that i am more righteous ) . 
  i was discussing just this issue yesterday with my brother , actually . 
  we thought ( correct me if i am wrong ) and were prepared to , report anyone who was cheating among the civil servants we are in contact with . 
  maybe we are just in a good circle - i think non corruption is important so i am prepared to fight for it . 
  but what is more important , nothing will happen to me if i do . 
  i will not get fired , of not loose access to health care - the worst thing they will do to me is fire me , or dislike me , a lot . 
  if that us the worst that happens - i imagine a lot of people , everywhere will say - do your worst . 
  the we have a huge middle class . 
  middle class is good . 
  they work , study and dislike corruption . 
  the bigger middle class the better, 
  i truly , truly wish , that we ( as in the world , and certainly our politicans ) were better at setting a price on biosystems , forrests , anything . 
  then , in my mind , we would n't sell them , or demolish them . 
  i like ours politican ( i am swedish ) . 
  ok , that is perhaps overdoing it , let us try again . 
  i do not believe reinfeldt , l\u00f6fven , borg , sahlin et all are corrupt , i honestly do n't . 
  we need xenophobic arseholes too , btw . 
  after all , you like it when swedes are being discriminated against ... :-), 
  we have 365 people in the riksdag . 
  i do not agree with all of them , and i am sure some of them are complete assholes . 
  however , as a general rule , i do not walk around and hate our government . 
  nor do i hate , or think stefan l\u00f6fven , and the other top social democrats , are idiots . 
  i will never ever defend every single swedish politican , and i think it is weird that you want me to . 
  however , as a general rule , i can resepct most of them , think most of them are decent , even if you do not agree with them , and not hate them . 
  for most countries , that is a big step . 
  howeve , if you ask me to defend 100 % of the swedish politicians , i will never do it . 
  my cousins are from gothenburg , i have been there every year since - well , since my mother could send me from stockholm with my grandmother ( four/five ? ) . 
  we cousins have discussed the scandals in gothenburg , a lot , and a few things that springs to mind are ... : honestly , my gothenburg cousins have gotten used to it being corrupt . 
  and , i mean - they are honest ( as are most ) but they honestly did n't react when g\u00f6ran johanssons granddaughter/great grand daughter or whoever it was got byggnadslov , which she should n't have . 
  they just laughed and said `` hahaha , that is g\u00f6ran '' . 
  it is so sick . 
  i might add that they are married to non gothenburg people who was shocked , and said `` this is wrong '' . 
  my oldest cousin , grudgingly admitted , that she `` might have gotten use to a few things '' . 
  fun fact - she is a lawyer . 
  stockholm is certainly not better , but in the last 20 years , stockholm has been foght over - bitterly , at every election . 
  there is no room for errors in stockholm . 
  they do not have the time to become corrupt , and even if they do , in four years , they will here about it , and everyone will know . 
  g\u00f6teborgs problems is that you have let the power stay with one man for far to long , and it shows . 
  he , had far to much power , and you know it . 
  i am pretty sure it is the same in danderyd , t\u00e4by , lule\u00e5 etc , as well , but it doesn ' impact as many people . 
  i think no one should be it power for to long - and that goes for g\u00f6ran johansson as well :-) . 
   sahlin 's and reinfeldt 's parties both seem to have given up on that mentality . 
  well , that is the point is n't it - be pragmatic ? 
  i can understan however , that one missed the lack of dreams . 
  i was joking of course , not that you seem to get it ( it might fly over your head , if you are from gothenburg , since it is not a joke with words ) , but statistically you are winning ... 
  you are absoultely right , but what i do not understand , how this has anything to do with corruption ( which savannahjeff indicated ) . 
  i mean , sd are not more corrupt than anyone else , as far as i know . 
  if i 'd guess on the most corrupt parties , i 'd say moderaterna och socialdemokraterna , they are the ones who has been in power for the longest . 
   but a different way of framing the political debate . 
  might be true - we are so small that we can not afford to be ideological , to much . 
  i think in the end it comes down to some sort of pragmatism . 
  look , if this does n't work , we will try something else . 
  at that point , you ignore left / right . 
   my impression is that you are much more hard-headed about competitiveness , i.e. 
  that if a person is doing a job which has an export value of eur 35,000 , they can only be paid eur 45,000 for an intermediate period until the business collapses . 
  something happend to sweden when we had our finacial collapse in the early 90 's . 
  before , it was just spending , spending , devaluate , etc , but after that , everybody realised , this have to work . 
  we are small , export based economies - if we fuck up , we loose . 
  we * have * to work . 
  in that sense , both the unions , and the `` opposition party '' gets it - don t mess up . 
  the backside of it all is of course , that they are too close , and you mistake the politicians for one another . 
  yes , of course , but that is not corruption , it is absolutely idiocy . 
  he did n't get a pension and a building contract from that . 
  if you do want to read about swedish corruption , i recommend you to google `` geijer aff\u00e4ren '' , and then read `` grisfesten '' ... . . 
  it was in the 70 's , but it is just discusting . 
  or , on the small scale ( as in he was n't justitieminister ) - listen to the documentary , nora , part 1 and 2 and `` mannen i kl\u00e4nning '' at p1 dokument\u00e4r . 
  it is the absolutely disgusting tale of how one of the highest police officers in sweden abused his powers and raped minors , over and over again . 
  you might throw up though , i warn you . 
   another thing that i have noticed about these countries is that they do not just think in financial terms of costs and benefits , but also what a certain policy means from a social or moral perspective.that is something i sorely miss in recent years in dutch politics . 
  honestly , i thought the dutch were good at these things ? 
   it is also very much founded on pragmatism . 
  these countries do n't rely too much on old-fashioned ideologies . 
  they seem to rely on what is really needed and how it can be fixed . 
  wether that be through capitalism , socialism , something totally new or anything in between seems completely irrelevant . 
  it is not * completely * irrelevant , but you have a point . 
  my grandfather , who absolutely * hated * the social democrats , used to say that as well . 
  i hate them , but at least they are pragmatic ( fun fact , my grandmother voted for the social democrats ) . 
  for me it is just normal that you abandon your policies if they are stupid , but perhaps that is a nordic way of looking at it . 
   ( i 'm a bit too optimistic i know ... ) i am afraid we are getting your system ... 
  i might not agree with them , but i still do n't think they are that corrupt , certainly not more than the social democrats or moderaterna in certain areas of sweden . 
   you should come down and take a look at the less fortunate south .
