  again , not news , just failure to see the writing on the wall . 
  not exclusive to southern europe though , by all means . 
  but still , it was and is well known that the euro is very imperfect currency area and that the euro would be to expensive for the greeks . 
  i very much remember the arguments around our euro vote , and one of the main argument against the euro was that it would never be adjusted to our economy . 
  obviously that argument holds for everyone really ( apart from germany ) . 
  but , the reason we said no were more suspiscion against rest of europe , not any intelligence around economics btw . 
  so , that the euro would be to expensive was well known . 
   a lower productivity is not necessarily wrong , it 's the sign of certain types of economic activity . 
  yes , but greece has lower productivity on stuff they make too . 
  and , for anyone that has studied economics , it is not smart to build a whole economy on tourism and services . 
  while one can enjoy it while it lasts , it is not a sure thing ( nothing is really ) . look at thailand , they are trying like hell to diversify . 
  that is why i ask what greece for example have been doing for the last 30-40 years . 
  anyone with an economic background can tell you it is good to diversify a tad , and not put all your eggs in one basket , in particular if that basket is agriculture and tourism . 
  look at estonia , and poland . 
  they are trying to build up industries . 
  why have n't we seen more of that in the last 30 years in southern europe ? 
  that is one of the big question that i have been asking , and i would very much to know who is responsible for that . 
  had southern europe bothered to do that , they would not be in the situation that they are in . 
  greece has been in the eu since 81 , and i do not think they are on their way to become net contributors . 
  i think the estonia will be net contributors in 20 years , maybe poland too . 
  that is because they have dealt with their situation completely different . 
  however , you do not want to see that . 
  you are refusing to accept responsibility . 
  you do not even think that people in a democracy are responsible for their own elected government . 
  the problem is , until you guys actually accept your part of responsibility for the situation southern europe is in , it will never change . 
  change is not nice , but it is necessary for everyone . 
  and that involves accepting ones part . 
  however , looking at the way you are arguing you are just refusing to accept any of it . 
  you are not even admitting that the italians are responsible for berlusconi . 
  since people like you seem to be far to many , i fear for the future of southern europe . 
  i ca n't change you , but i can influence how my country acts . 
  and my advice is - stay away until they actually prove that they are attempting to change . 
  fight integration , because that would mean integrating with people like you , who refuse change , refuse to accept responsibility . 
   i have already answered you , no you have not . 
  you have not said , at all who is responsible for the state of southern europe . 
  i know you said that the southern europeans were * not * responsible for their democratically elected government ( a statement i find moronic btw ) but then who is ? 
  who elected the governments then , if not the southern europeans ? 
  who is responsible for the corruption in southern europe if not the southern europeans . 
  you are not answering that , and i guess it is because you are a coward . 
   your question itself is loaded . 
  no , it is n't - only if you are someone who is afraid of the answer . 
  for normal , non cowards it is a normal question , we ask it all the time . 
  `` who is responsible for the outfishings of the oceans '' ? 
  `` who is responsible for the crappy housing situation in stockholm ? '' . 
  that is what adults and responsible people do , one a ) ask what is wrong b ) then who is responsible . 
  that is part of the process of fixing things . 
  the very fact that you do not even * want * to talk about responsibility and is avoiding it like the plague tells me that you are not a responsible adult who is interested in fixing things . 
  you just want to make sure , at all costs , that southern europe is not made responsible for the mess in southern europe ...  1 . 
  southern europe has wasted eu funds . 
  southern europe is corrupt beyond solution and we all must be blame its people for it . 
  southern europe should become more productive ( cool let 's move all beach resorts to rheinland and its industry to mallorca ) are those things wrong then ? 
  what is wrong with southern europe becoming more productive and less corrupt ? 
  btw , it is you who added beoyond salvation and , moving to the rhineland , but that is just your idiotic assumptions and made up stories again . 
  it is odd , it is you that accuse me of lies , yet you are the irresponsible person who makes stuff up . 
   i have debated all those points , but you keep asking the same questions over and over , showing that you just do n't give a fuck about any fact it 's presented to you . 
  facts ? 
  i know about the funds , but you have not given me any facts about corruption and how to fix it . 
  you just called me a liar , when i proved you wrong , you changed the subject . 
  fact is that southern europe is corrupt , pay far less in taxes , are not a net contributor and far less productive . 
  that is nothing to debate about that , and at least you are intelligent enough to change the subject when i prove you wrong , again and again . 
  i think southern europe should stop being corrupt , and become productive , pay taxes and become a net contributor . 
  but , to do that one has to be responsible . 
  you have proven , over and over again , that it will take a long time . 
  grow the fuck up and realise that no one but you put yourself in the spot where you are . 
  you caused it , now fix it , with your own money . 
  hmm , we need to be cunning . 
  soon it is christmas , at least part of the plan has to involve bribing them with butter . 
  also , building several ullareds close to norway , lure them in and then not let them out . 
   can we agree that countries should either observe the rules they set for themselves or try to change the rules in a consensus-seeking manner ? 
  well , yes , of course , i agree with you there . 
  either follow the rules , or try to change them , through the proper channels , whatever they are . 
  however , that is not what has happened in the eu and that is harming the whole union . 
  i mean , it is not like belgium said , `` hmm , 60 % debt/gdp , that is to low , let us change that '' , they just joined and no one gave a shit . 
  no observing or no trying to change it . 
  now it is just a `` free for all '' . 
  and that annoys the hell out of me , in particular since i know that it is harming the eu . 
  i would be fascinated only if it happened in afrcia/asia or somewhere else , but this is costing everyone time and money . 
  now i am annoyed and morbidly fascinated . 
  also , i 'd like to add that * if * one do not obsever the rules one should get punished . 
  well , yes and my stepfather built something around a few trees , the ones closest . 
  but the house was on a small hill , and it was a green grassy meadow down to the lake . 
  to the left though ( also belonging to the house ) was a small gathering of birch trees , looking sort of like [ this ] ( http://ekuriren.se/image_processor/1.780811.1282081290!/image/1304158467.jpg_gen/derivatives/full/1304158467.jpg?maxwidth=468 ) . 
  it was rather pretty , you could see the lake throught the trees as well . 
  after the beavers had been there , it looked like someone had played a giant game of spillikin . 
  not the worst thing that could happen , but mother did try to save some trees . 
  beavers do not like dogs ... 
  the united states is one country . 
  we are not . 
  thus we should not try a unified currency without the other mechanisms in place . 
  you are again not answering questions . 
  and , again - what did i lie about ? 
  you are the liar , while accuses me and make wild assumptions . 
  all the time refusing to answer . 
  i have proven everything - i am not making stuff up like you are . 
  so , for fuck sake . 
  grow some balls and answer questions . 
  who is responsible for the state in southern europe if not the southern europeans ? 
  you never answered that but try to mix it up with starting to babble about agriculture . 
  cheap trick and it does n't work . 
  so , stop being spineless and answer .
