  if they admitted that they would actually have to do something about it or be called out . 
   basically he 's a pseudo-leftist version of the koch brothers except not as america-focused and has more actual blood on his hands . 
  do n't worry , the koch brothers can still beat him . 
  the us is hitting the debt ceiling tomorrow.they can fuck with the whole world , at once . 
  soros could never do that . 
  well , in a way we deserve it . 
  i mean , people vote for them because they fill a void that the established party ca n't fill , and they adress things that actually concerns a lot of people . 
  so , unless our `` normal '' parties shape up , this will happen , and it is all our doing . 
   i think the word anti-eu is an oversimplification . 
   any of those are very much for international cooperation , yet still critical of the eu . 
  why ? 
  there are many reasons , but some of the main points of criticism are a lack of democracy in the eu , the eu being very business-friendly , the eu getting militarised , etc. 
  i agree with you on several points , but the article also mentions eu-critical , which i would for example call myself . 
  however , in some of the cases they are actually anti eu . 
  our environmental party wants to leave the eu , same for the left and the sweden democrats . 
  i do n't know how to label that apart from anti-eu ( i think the greens want to break up the whole eu , which i am not sure of how they are going to accomplish ... rather strange opinion if you ask me ) . 
  i am not sure of wilders stance , but if i recall correctly , le pen jr wants at least to leave the euro , but i also think she want to leave the eu . 
  that is actually anti- eu , not just eu critical . 
  so , i agree with you that perhaps sometimes they label people who are critical of the eu as being anti-eu . 
  however , in this article i think they might have labeled them correctly . 
  yes , i know , and he has cooler stuff too . 
  i like animals , so hugin , munin ( his ravens ) ) and sleipner ( his horse ) are other things i like about him . 
  i think it is a smart move from geert wilders and le pen , i think their numbers in the eu parlament will increase , probably with the true finns etc. 
  not that i am a big fan of their politics , i am more of a eucritical person and they are right wing populists . 
  one can still see it is a smart move though . 
  and , i am having a hard time seeing anything from the other side that will counter this . 
  that is a problem with a lot of the politics today , they do have anything to counter the populistic parties . 
  and then they wonder why they gain in votes . 
  it does seem like a weird way to take over the sins of the world , letting yourself be tortured in the middle east . 
  i think if i was religious i 'd go for a more agressive god , like odin or someone . 
   i very much prefer the swedish gay-friendly , jesus-is-love church , but their interpretation is n't more right or wrong than anyone else 's . 
  i agree , they are perhaps less hateful etc , but they , or anyone else is not right about god , or gods , they ca n't even prove that god and/or gods exists . 
  if i was religious i would start with that , it is sort of the basic game in my mind . 
  luckily , i am not religious , i am an atheist . 
  it is hard not to sound condescending , but i do not know what to do . 
  tell him he is brilliant because he now is considering the fact that gays are humans ? 
  his narrative is also wrong , what he is doing is discrimination and hate . 
  this is a guy who comes to my country , live of my tax money and tell my friends that they do not have the right to marry . 
  what made him such a special little snowflake that he has the right to say that ? 
  i think he should go home then , honestly . 
  he is an asshole if he thinks he has the right to say that and i honestly want less of people like him in sweden . 
  to top it off , he often says how one should adjust and dislike everyone outside of the eu . 
  frankly , i have no problem with a hardworking iranian , but homophobic eu citizens can go and fuck themselves . 
  homophobic people can go fuck themselves actually , no matter where they are from . 
  it is 2013 , if they are homophobic , it is a choice . 
  now i am going to have coffee with my gay best friend who apparently do not deserve to get married , according to onerichbastard . 
  if one think about it that way , it is rather easy to see that he is a person who discriminates . 
   what euro ? 
  pre - or post-tscg ? 
  pre - or po i am talking about euro from the start until now . 
  to form an somewhat working currency union you need stuff like permanent transfers , financial integration , politicial integration etc are you saying tht the euro is working ? 
   and do n't kid yourself . 
  believing spaniards are unable to ever have a stable productive economy like germany or france is the radical fundamentalist position here . 
  i have never said that . 
  now you are making stuff up . 
   the real debate is between fundamentalists who believe in incompatible economies and giant human differences and the more moderate ones who recognise past flaws but who see workable change . 
  so , what changes ? 
  and how are you going to go about them ? 
   we do n't hate gay people . 
  just not used to the idea of gay marriage but not allowing them their rights * is * hateful , and mean . 
  it is like saying `` i do not hate black people , i just do not want them to marry white people , or go to school with us , or work with us or ... '' . 
  it is hate , no matter how you dress it up . 
  hate and discrimination . 
   for example , after 8 months or so in sweden i remember one night talking with my parents over skype and hearing my mom say something along the lines of `` he looks like a homosexual '' . 
  but you live in sweden , on our tax money , and condemn the swedish gay people , who pay for your education with their tax money ? 
  is n't that hypocritical ? 
   she was referring to someone , in a bad way , making fun of him . 
  i remember it was for the first time i noticed the general feeling of it all and i actually asked her `` so what 's wrong with being homosexual ? '', 
  and she was all like ... `` well ... 
  i do n't know . 
  nothing i guess . '', 
  but if you know it is wrong , why are you still against it ? 
  i mean , if you were raised in a discriminating family , maybe you thought so before . 
  but now you know better and choose to hold on to your discrimination . 
  why ? 
  but why would romanians hate gay people ? 
  what have they done to you ? 
  i do understand it is a gradual process , but do you have any logical arguments , at all , apart from the fact that you do not like gay people and do not want them to get married ? 
   i 'm not sure if it affects me or not , or if it will have a positive or negative impact . 
  you live in sweden . 
  how in god 's name is your life negatively impacted by the gay marriages we allow . 
  if you ca n't come up with anything it does * not * affect you . 
  you can be sure , if you think about it . 
  but it does n't even affect you in the slightest . 
  how can you be against something that has absolutely no effect on your life and harms no one , but benefits at least two persons ? 
  why are you against gay marriages ? 
  no , i did n't know . 
  i know he is manic depressive and have done many suicide attempts and i remember reading about the latest one about a year ago i believe . 
  unfortunately i belive it is in the nature of his disease , that stress will make it worse . 
  i guess it also comes back with a certain regularity . 
  i do recomment that documentary as well to everybody , it was very good . 
  [ the secret life of the manic depressive ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rgdl6-lyfmy ), 
   one rational option is to give the euro to eurozone the same behaviour as the dollar to the usa . 
  i do not think it crazy not to become a united states of europe , which is what you are suggesting ? 
  the dollars behaviour comes from one nation , permanent transfers , pooling of debt for example . 
  something i personally would vote against , and i think a lot of other people would too , not because we are crazy , but because we do not want a united states of europe . 
  you can not have financial integration without political , and i do not want the majority of my tax money to be handed over to brussels . 
  is that crazy ? 
  let us vote about it , we can at least agree to that . 
   one rational option is to give the euro to eurozone the same behaviour as the dollar to the usa .
