  perhaps , but i have n't really heard anything about that.i guess if all your friends become more and more nazi/super left or something you leave , but i have n't really heard that from anyone . 
  i also think that we are less religious than the americans are . 
  europeans in general , but the nordic countries in particular . 
  so , it is more weird if you talk to or about god the way you politicians do . 
  i can only answer for sweden , and we do n't debate a lot of things you debate at all , like gay marriages , guns , abortions , ( guns bad , abortions free , gay marriages - we just call it marriage ) etc. 
  debates that comes up regularely at the moment is welfare , immigration , crime , school , housing , environment etc - just like you . 
  with the european political world - what do you mean ? 
  people in iceland debate differently to people in bulgaria , finland is not exactly the same as italy . 
  with friend loosing i do n't really know what you mean - do you mean that you loose friends over what political stance you take ? 
  anger - i am sure we have that to , at least in some places . 
  shouting - at least not in our political debates . 
  they tend to be rather civil and boring affairs , looking something like this [ the leaders of the two biggest parties before a tv debate ] ( http://gfx.svd-cdn.se/multimedia/dynamic/00929/partipuff_929453c.jpg ) . yes , they are just as boring as they look actually . 
  hard to imagine , but true . 
  politically , they are very much closer as well than republicans/democrats . 
  as someone else said , take a look in the weekly news thread.europe is over 40 different countries , with extremely different economies and backgrounds , of course we talk about different things . 
  on the eu level it is mostly economy , economy . 
  would you mind explaining how sweden is fascist ? 
  i have read that , and the answer , by another immigrant too , jasenko semilovic - have you ? 
  however , if there are thousands of phones , ( and trust me , every single one of the rioters had one ) hundreds of journalist , and * not one * shred of evidence . 
  do n't you find it odd ? 
  furthermore - in what other context do you think the lack of evidence is evidence ? 
  if i say that every single greek doctor in sweden call people names , would n't you want proof ? 
  or , if i claim that electricians are all closet sexists ? 
  this is probably one of the most covered news stories in sweden since anna lindh was murdered , and no one has proof . 
  is that always the case for you - that a lack of evidence is evidence in itself ? 
   materially - employment/wealth divisions etc. 
  but she is not right . 
  unemployment of 8,8 % compared to 7 % , we are hardly talking about a wealth gap that one ca n't overcome here ... . . i can understand rioting in brazil , for example , or china , but a division of not even 2 % ... 
  same with about how she/the rioters claimed the police said . 
  with all the cell phones , is n't it odd that not a single person has a single recording ? 
  even the journalists themselves ( normally hated by me ) are sceptic . 
  i mean , sweden is one of the most equal societies in the world when it comes to wealth , as well . 
  so , she is pointing to the wrong things - she is in fact incorrect . 
  yes , and the causes are incorrect . 
  if you say that one of the causes are that the police calls you nigger ( which she claims ) i 'd like evidence of that * and * , even * if * it is true , the connection between being called names and starting a riot . 
  i have been called names , every single person i know have been called a name at one time or another . 
  i bet you have been called a name to . 
  however , neither i nor anyone i know have ever started a riot , burned a car etc. 
  second - she does not address why this 26 year old is a criminal . 
  you asked me why , and i said i do n't know , but i bet it is not a good reason . 
  perhaps you can give me a good reason to be a criminal and start riots ? 
  i can think of a few - for example if hunger forces you to steel , being in a dictature and opposing it etc , but i honestly can not come up with a single good reason why one would riot in husby . 
  how should i know why this particular asshole chose to be an asshole , but i know he is not going hungry , nor is he living under dictatorship . 
  reasons , sure , they are spoiled assholes who would n't recognise an honest days work if it hit them in the head , but not * good * reasons . 
   `` lack of something to integrate into '' . 
  are you saying there is not a society to integrate into ? 
  of course there is , they just choose not to . 
  i do n't know , but hardly because of the high unemployment , which people have claimed , or the fact that he was poor . 
  they were not exactly rioting for bread , or freedom of speech . 
  is there really any good reason why anyone in a one of the richest countries in the world is a criminal ? 
  edit : i can think of one good reason - mental illness . 
  for example , if you think that the people you hit are trolls trying to kill you , you might actually have no idea what you are doing . 
  however , obviously not the case here . 
  this is a really bad article . 
  first , i 'd like to have links and sources to where she proves that the police calls them niggers and apes . 
  frankly , there were so many journalists out in husby , so it was strange that no one ever saw someone doing that , or the mistreatment by the police that they also mentioned . 
  i do n't belive it . 
  second - they have higher unemployment than * stockholm in general * . 
  stockholm has around 7 % , hardly an enormous number , and husby has an unemployment numbers of * 8,8 % * . 
  frankly , most small cities have much higher unemployment and they do n't riot . 
  add to that the situation in southern europe , and it quickly becomes evident how spoiled the people that are rioting are . 
  and no , it has not escaped swedes that those in husby do not want to be integrated . 
  it is one of the explanation i belive in ( i am sure there are several ) and in addition , most of those rioting are criminal assholes . 
  one person is being charged now ( will probably be more ) and let us just say that he was * not * a teen , he was a criminal 26 year old , well known by the police . 
  this article lays the responsibility everywhere but where it should be , on the rioters . 
  yes , i 've read them , i 'd say they are about the same . 
  why be factual when you can be populistic ? 
  oh , since you place so much faith in anonymous studies on the internet i 'd like for you to send the study to me , with all the original material and the scientific journal it was published in . 
  i know you do not know this , but in the scientific wolrd ( where we work with * facts * ) the study should be a ) open to access , so one can check it , and b ) published in a reknown science journal where it is also reviewed by peers . 
  so , please , send me the original study , and the well renown science journal it was published in . 
  since this is explosive material in all kind of senses , and it goes directly against what who etc has said , it would be enormous news , and i am sure it would have been one of the big academic journals . 
  was is the lancet ? 
  science ? 
  nature ? 
  it does really matter , i have access to them all of course . 
  looking forward to seeing the article and the study . 
  oh , and you really , really need to work on you trolling abilities . 
  see , if one goodwin oneself as you do , at least try to do it with a bit more finesse . 
  have you really compared me with hitler yet ? 
  why not a parallell between the swedish government and nsdap . 
  oh , and defend china , who uses coal , but call , for example , the finns evil dictators . 
  just a few hints . 
  haha , i know you are a troll now . 
  just cut it out , you have already goodwined yourself . 
  do n't make it worse by claiming anonymous russian sources yhat you do n't even have a direct link to are the most trustworthy thing you can find on the internet . 
   you 're literally worse than hitler . 
  hahaha , i did n't read that first . 
  [ godwin 's law ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/godwin%27s_law ) . 
  you loose !, 
  you must be a troll , no one alive can be this stupid and ignorant . 
  seriously , someone who honestly contributes almost a million deaths to tjernobyl and thinks a person who is pro nuclear is worse than hitler ( who is obviously , not that i expect you to know that , responsible for way more deaths than 1 million ) , plus thinks that nuclear radiation makes people change in to octupussy 's - i hope you are a troll , no one can really be that dense . 
  [ here ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/index.php/glossary:police_officer ) is the definition of what a police officer is according to eurostat . 
  [ here is the original report ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/index.php/crime_statistics ), 
  and obviously * you * take the obscure russian number . 
  what is wrong with who ? 
  they say * 4000 * !!!!!!, 
  you ca n't even find reliable sources , but i guess that is only to be expected if you think that nucleas exposure makes one grows tentacles ( for your information , biologically humans do not gerow tentacles , tentacles are special tool for octupussys and similar animals . 
  even if humans get abnormal growths from nuclear exposure , we * can not * grow tentacles , a growth is not a tentacle . 
  and , i am sure you know that we do not have the same reactors . 
  however - do you want to know how many dies every year not only from coal , but from climate change ?
