  you do not seem to understand that the eu consts us money - and the are on the whole more ineffective than my government . 
  i can find very few examples of where they are more effective ( perhaps in some areas of research ) - and handling money certainly is n't one of them . 
  so , 99 % of what a government does is better handled by the swedes themselves . 
  what areas do you consider the eu more effective in then ? 
  certainly not health , cap ( it is crappy and discriminating ) , finances ( the bailouts , the banking union - frankly , the eu is a joke ) , environment ( you are dragging us down ) . 
  i am having a hard time coming up with anything beyond * some * research ( the eu obviously care less about for example the environment than we do , so they spend less on research than we do , but in some areas ) and perhaps military . 
  thank you - it was an interesting read . 
  it must be so absurd , everyone is an informant and those who are not gets their lives messed up anyway . 
  i read `` stasiland '' and liked it . 
  no it is n't . 
  a prime example of that is the cap where sweden went to have a fairly open , market adjusted agriculture to the one we have now , where everything is done according to the french , and we are being openly discriminated against . 
  but , the popular vote in the eu has made it so . 
  i have no doubt , that the popular vote in the eu would be that we would transfer massive amounts to the south . 
  good for them - perhaps , but our needs would be ignored , just like the cap . 
  i do not see how there could be less . 
  instead as now , in the example of health care in sweden , having our health care run directly from stockholm/gothenburg/ume \u00e5 ( whichever county you are in , who are also the one who collect the tax ) etc in sweden , - it would first be run from brussels ( where money obviously would be transferred away from the swedish tax payers ) to then be sent back to stockholm who could then divide it out in sweden . 
  instead of the one layer we have , i now count three , at least , i think it would be probably four since there would be several layers in brussels ( remember , our money would be transferred away from us , that is the deal with unions , permanent transfers from the rich countries to the poor ) . 
  it would be like that with everything . 
  actually not as many as one would think , in the center of stockholm , more outside , in the suburbs . 
  i am lucky though , i do not have a boat in stockholmv ( at our summer house instead ) , but i have several friends with boats in stockholm that i can go with ( or borrow the boats ) . 
  it costs a bit obviouosly , so it is not the first things you get when you move here . 
  but what i mostly use the water for ( apart from strolling and looking at it or swimming in the summer ) is [ cross country ice skating ] ( http://karlskrona.se/global/karlskrona%20kommun/media/startsidan/bredd%20462/vinter%20l%c3%a5ngf%c3%a4rdsskridskor%20med%20text%20462jpg.jpg ) in the winter , or kayaking in the summer . 
  both of them are really easy to do from me , takes me five minutes with the bus , or a ten minute walk really . 
  i think that is good , it is a really easy and fun way to be outdoors , and not really that expensive . 
  the water defines stockholm for me really , and i try to use it as much as i can . 
  so many beautiful pictures . 
  thank you !, 
   as long as we do n't allow the ecb to threaten our creditors with inflation , they 'll suck us dry . 
  ecb first obligation is price stability . 
  however , a lot of people ( and i thought you were among them , but i was mistaken then ) want them to abandon that and increase the inflation . 
  however , that is neither here , nor there . 
  the ecb in their calculations have to go with the budgetary hard liners , and not help out the greeks . 
  because , a ) it is illegal to help individual countries , b ) the budgetary hardliners is what stands , and what is not only most likely , but also , the law . 
  the ecb ca n't gamble upon that the law might be changed - they have to play it safe , thus go for the hardliner . 
  you can not guarantee that it will not cost finland anything . 
   nothing stops them from intervening on behalf of a common fund . 
  yes , if it is to save the greeks , or for eurobonds , since it against the rulse . 
   ecb 's mandate to maintain financial stability in the eurozone . 
  ecb has price stability above that . 
   because sometimes the rules are crap . 
  fine , i think the rules about not torture are crap , just as our fine is towards the eu . 
  we can ignore them to then ? 
  you just can ignore the law as you please , not only is it illegal , but it creates chaos , and is extremely disprespectful and countries/people who keep on doing that are shitting on everyone else . 
  if one does n't like the rules , one goes the * legal * ways to change them . 
  how can you defend illegal ways ? 
  i see nothing wrong with not liking the rules and wanting to change them - it happens everywhere , all the time . 
  i honestly do not understand how one can disprespect the democracy and the law so much that they think it is ok to ignore it , when they decide it doesn \u00a8 t suit them . 
  that means that you consider yourself , or your ilk , above the law - you do n't have to go through the same as everyone else . 
  it sets an extremely bad prescedent ( which the countries who did n't care about the stability pact has already proven , they are part of the reason the economy is so shitty ) and creates distrust , chaos and is non democratic . 
   sure , if it gives better results . 
  making a mistake is bad , but refusing to correct it is worse . 
  refusing to respect democracy is even worse , it can * never * lead to anything good . 
  so , why not negotiate a new treaty . 
  i am all for that , besides then i get a chance to vote about it . 
  refusing it is extremely disrespectful towards the people who have voted about the maastricht treaty , not to follow it . 
  if you want to respect the people , let them vote about a new treaty then . 
   they are being renegotiated , by democratically appointed representatives . 
  a national bank does n't put up every big decision they make up for a national vote eithe no , they are not . 
  to renegotiate the maastricht treaty , you need all 26 countries , and several ( if not all ) of them will have to vote about it , in the parlament or popular votes . 
  it will take decades . 
  i know my country would vote no ( as several others , probably yours too ) and i have n't heard one breath about a new maastrich treaty . 
  in fact , i have read ( and they have been posted here , you have probably read them too ) several articles on just how much the politicians do * not * want us , the people , to vote . 
  obviously , since , not very surprisingly , a lot of us would vote no to a new treaty . 
  so , in fact , we are not getting a chance , but above all , the politicians are far to scared of the people to put it to vote . 
  and , above all - the ecb are * civil servants * . 
  they do not have the right to change the rules - only a change of the maastricht can do that . 
  i honestly can not believe that you think it is ok for civil servants to disobey the law . 
  if that is the case , a judge can ignore the law too if he does n't like it , or an accountant can move money to his pleasure . 
  * until * the treaty is changed , the ecb has no right to do disobey . 
  it does n't sound like a lot or a real threat to me . 
  you an not guarantee that . 
  besides , in the maastricht treaty it clearly specifies that ecb shall not intervene on behalf of individual countries + that each country is responsible for their own debt and that one neither should help nor guarantee . 
  so , you want to ignore the treaty ? 
  can everyone ignore the treaty then , and the law ? 
  second , if the ecb decides to ignore one rule , why not all ? 
  will the inflation go through the roof then - apparently they might ignore that rule too . 
  why ca n't just everyone respect the rules - if you do not like them why ca n't they be renegotiated , by the democratic vote ? 
  or , which i personally believe is a good idea - leave the euro . 
  no country has the right to force other to cover for them , which you are trying to do . 
  no country has the right to say that the rules should be ignored just for me . 
  how do you expect t anything to be built , or the eu to be trusted if they can not even bother to respect the law and the treaties ? 
  i do n't have a problem with that , as long as the prize itself does n't have some sort of `` goodness '' clause . 
  as far as i am concerned there has been brilliant songs written that are not pc in any way , where women are extremely objectified , feminism is getting yelled at , glorifying killers , shitting on religion etc. 
  our music reflects our reality , and it should not be made into some sort of ideal of how the world ought to be . 
  is the song good , then it might deserve a prize . 
   i never said anything about temporary fiscal transfers . 
  that economics professor made a suggestion that entailed ecb issuing its own bonds ; that does not directly affect the interest rates of finland or their budget . 
  sigh - to fix greece you need way more than bonds , it is ridicoulous to suggest that it would not entail transfers . 
  second , for the umpteenth time for me as well , the interest rates of the ecb depends on the actions of the ecb of course . 
  if it is known that they have to take on and issue bonds for to help greece , it will be an economic burden on the eurozone and on the ecb . 
  that will raise the interest rates a few points - * which will costs the north billions * . 
  you can compare it to the raise in interest rates when west/east germany joined . 
  much more obvious in that case of course , but the principle is the same . 
  if iceland ( economic uncertainty ) joined norway ( richest bloody country in the world ) their interest rates would go up a few points to for the world would now know that an increased cost had joined norway and the norwegian bank and state would have to take that into account . 
  to say that the ecb interest rate would be unaffected by the move that the professor is suggesting is a incorrect , whatmore , then you do not know the market - are you saying that they would n't care one bit ? 
  second - it goes directly against the ecb statue , and the rule of law . 
  the ecb statue explicitly states that one shall not intervene on behalf of individual countries . 
  if they did this , it would not only be illegal and extremely undemocratic , it would also increase the uncertainty of how the ecb act , thus raising the costs even more . 
  for example , an investor might think like this - `` ok , the ecb do not care about this law , so what about the their other mandates ? . 
  shit , they will probably start printing money like idiots now , and the inflation will increase .
