  so , what programs are there , and who miscalculated the costs ? 
   the amendmends are about balancing the budget : payments should meet the commitments . 
  postponing the payments indefinitely does not work . 
  but that is in no way a guarantee that it will not happen again . 
  obviously , the eu is good at having programs that they can not pay for . 
  so , what is the eu doing to make sure this does not happen again - that the programs will be covered for by the budget . 
  they have n't even pinpointed what went wrong , so how can they in any way say it will not happen again . 
  i mean , how will they learn if you can just force countries to pay more for your ill planning ? 
   payments should meet the commitments . 
  that goes for the eu as well , does n't it ? 
  countries have paid , countries have met * their * commitments . 
  why ca n't eu do their part ? 
  perhaps they should cut back on stuff then , not ask their countries to pay for what is the eu 's mistake . 
  well , then it sounds like you have a democracy problem , i guess . 
  obviously the far left has a right to protest as well , but that right do not mean that they have the right to demonstrate at the same time , same place . 
  i think they did get a permission , but not in that area of stockholm , or if they could protest the day before . 
  yes , public demonstrations requires authorisation from the police . 
  the reason for this are quite obvious that sometimes there is a huge risk for violence and the police want to minimise the risk + have knowledge in advance if there are going to be huge gatherings of people . 
  however , it is regulated somehow so they can not deny you endlessly , and if they deny you there has to be a good reason . 
  for example , neo-nazis like to demonstrate on the 30th of november at a statue in stockholm , and have applied for that . 
  the police then denied the ( far ) left the right to demonstrate there as well since the risk for violence was to big . 
  and what point is that ? 
  so , who is responsible and why have n't eu balanced its budget ? 
  that they have known about it for a long time is even worse , is n't it ? 
  i would like to know the reason for * why * the eu can not pay its bills ? 
  who is responsible for this ? 
  what is being done to correct it ? 
  i actually find it rather extraordinary that the eu apparently are so bad a budgeting , that they need extra money all of a sudden . 
  what more - i am afraid that if they get extra money now , it will become a `` habit '' and the eu will not longer care to balance its budget ( which they are supposed to do , but apparently do n't do ) . 
  and - is n't it a break against the rules to ask for more money ? 
  can countries be forced to pay if they do not want to ? 
  really ? 
  did italy and greece and belgium have a debt/gdp ration that was below 60 % when they joined ? 
  that was in the rules too . 
  if i recall correctly , greece manipulated their debt too . 
  so , these countries should not have been let in , if one had follow the rules , i belive . 
  but , at the very least , they must have been the first to break the rules , since they did n't bother to follow them when they started . 
  not that it matters now really , i think all apart from finland and estonia has broken them , but i do n't understand how someone can say germany was first , when they were not . 
   not saying they wont , just stating they have taken a wrong turn in the development of their institutions which could be irreversible . 
  i do not think i quite understand you . 
  are you saying that the dutch population would vote yes to the ecb being in charge of the dutch , abover their government , which is essentially what it would be about . 
  for example , the ecb could decide , for the french , that the nuclear arms were to expensive , and cut them down , or something else . 
  because that is what would happen , and it would mean a united states of europe . 
  would the dutch vote yes to that ? 
   the whole fine thing is ridiculous if you ask me . 
  yes , there needs to be some penalty for exceeding the 3 % rule , but i do n't think it should ever have been with money in the first place . 
  true , a fine is certainly not the ultimate penalty , but now it is all they have . 
  so , the question is , shall the ecb continue to let the countries run wild which they did the last time , or use the tools at their disposal - the fine . 
  if that is all what they have , do n't you think they should use it ? 
  the rules might change ( and perhaps should ) but that might be in 2025 or something . 
  so , what should they do now , in 2013 ? 
   sking money for having too little money does n't make sense . 
  true , but a ) they have said that they are going to do it , and as far as i know , it is the statues . 
  b ) it is not always about having to little money . 
  it is also about not cutting the debt/gdp etc. 
  i mean , it is not like all the countries ( everybody , apart from finland and estonia ) were broke and struggling all the way up to the beginning of the crises , between 1999-2008 for example , they just could n't be bothered . 
  that says a lot about the countries and how they care about following the rules ( and why i was shocked ) . 
  is n't it better to fine countries , and show that you mean business than to start that slippery slope - again ? 
  see what happened last time . 
   the ecb should look to other strategies , like taking away some privileges or power away from a government . 
  that would require the ecb to re-write their rules , and that is not very likely to happen . 
  plus , that would probably need massive changes in individual countries constitutions , probably with an election in between . 
  also , are you sure that the people in the euro countries would vote for that , giving the power to the ecb to punish you by taking the power away ? 
  would the dutch actually go for that for example . 
   for me , seeing how the eu is going to handle the situation , and theorizing how individual countries ( and most of all , their citizens ) will react to the fine , would be very interesting . 
  i think so to . 
  i find it interesting that you combine political theory with behaviour , some of the countries behaviour have been shocking to me ( as in ignoring all the rules for the euro for example ) . 
   i expect , especially in holland , a large seclutionist populist win for either the socialist party ( sp ) or freedom party ( pvv , geert wilders ) . 
  last election , they openly propagated seclusion from the eu , and it cost them a lot of votes as we still have a general positive view of the eu . 
  but do n't / ca n't you have different views of the euro and in the eu ? 
  in sweden you can hardly find anyone defending the euro , but roughly half the population want the eu , still . 
  what i mean , ca n't they argue for more independence by quitting the euro , not the eu . 
   if we need to pay a fine ( after investing heavily in the bailout , relative to our gdp ) , the eu could be seen in a more negative daylight by the general population . 
  honestly , i ca n't see how they can skip the fine - again . 
  it was one of the many things that started this negative spiral , that no one adhered to the rules , and they have really promised that this time round ...  furthermore , if cyprus is given a way out of the euro , there 'll be protests in holland demanding the same . 
  there are still a lot of people nostalgic to the guilder . 
  have you seen any studies done when you have compared economy of the netherlands to the danes/swedes/brits , or anyone outside of the euro ? 
  i mean , i remember being told that before the finns benefitted some from it ( they compared themselves to sweden ) but now they do n't . 
  and , since the negative spiral does n't really seem to end , the finns are not to happy . 
  it would be interesting to see if you are still benefitting from the euro , that is what i mean . 
   we are probably going to be fine ( aaa-status , fuck yeah ) , but if you start cutting in public spending , they damn better will need some results to show for it . 
  if not , they are hurting the country in the long run . 
  not that i wish anything bad on you , but i think it would be so interesting if you got fined . 
  then the euro ca n't make exceptions , which i read recently ( yesterday ) that france wanted for example . 
  all will be fined . 
  if the netherland pays , france will most definately have to pay , and i guess a lot of other countries as well . 
   you add new laws or alter old ones . 
  one could maybe set up a special program for these types of people ? 
  no , one do not make special laws for a few people . 
  that is not following the law , the rules , and it is actually the opposite of working within the law . 
  it is like i would like to make a special law , just to help nordea , or why not a special law for ikea :  is it a problem to make specific laws which are applied to asylum seekers who have worked for sweden in the past ? 
  if any of these people are in danger because they have helped us then it is our moral responsibility to give them protection . 
  afghanistan is special because we are `` peacekeeping '' there . 
  the farmer in albania is not going to be tortured by terrorists because he is albanian and supposedly working for foreign military . 
  this discussion is not about `` immigration policy in general '' ; it 's about helping people who have helped us . 
  yes , it is . 
  that is * not * how asylum process works . 
  you are also saying afghanistan is special because it was peacekeeping . 
  so , explain why peackeeping in afghanistan is more special than hiv prevention in malawi , environmental protection in south america , or aid in congo ? 
  what makes afghanistan so special .
