  for the last time , please look into it yourself , google , read the pros and cons , but i will not give you an explain it like i am five - which you seem to want . 
   you provided a single example of a farm receiving less because the rule for conditions is based on how many trees there are in the field . 
  i do n't know anything about cow welfare , but if that is a real concern , then it seems perfectly reasonable to give less money to farmers providing worse conditions . 
  also , i gave you * one * example , because there is thousands like that out there , and i thought you had the capability to understand that a ) if i provided one there could be more b ) understand that reddit is not the fora for writing books about cap discrimination . 
  my mistake , you did n't get that . 
   but if that is a real concern why would it be ? 
  how does that affect the quality of life of the cow ? 
  links please ? 
  i am at university , so i have access to all databases really , if you want to link to science articles how the swedish cows are worse off . 
  it is n't a real concern . 
  this might suprise you , but the cows are just as happy , if not happier ( since we have stricter laws about animal welfare than most of the eu ) in sweden . 
  it is bullshot.i 'd like you , or anyone , to provide proof that the swedish cows are less happy than the greek ones for example . 
   i think it 's related to soil quality . 
  i have n't really thought of that factor , thank you for remiding me . 
  i am not sure it is that however - how do you measures that ? 
  i mean , do you send out geologists every fourth year ( particularely in southern europe , who has a problem with soil disappearing ) . 
  one could of course measure the output , as you suggests , but then countries like germany should be higher on the list . 
  i do think you are right though , it is probably one of the many factors they calculate the subsidies . 
  however , it is very skewed . 
  i have n't asked for your upvotes  you are saying it is unfairly distributed without saying how it is distributed . 
  because it is * extremely complicated * . 
  the swedish farmers association have classes on it , for god 's sake . 
  you are asking me , in a few words , to explain why it is wrong , and i keep trying to link to pages , but you do not seem to want to read them . 
  look into the links . 
  i am sorry , sometimes in life , stuff is complicated enough not to be explained with 2-3 sentences . 
  if you ca n't take the time to look into it , and want an `` explain like i am five '' , then i ca n't help you . 
  also , i did also link you to my previous post about how swedish/finnish farmers are receiving less for the exact same product as the french/greeks . 
  do you think that is fair , basing the subsidies on something that do not , in any way , affects the quality of the life of the cow , or the outcome of the product ? 
  i do not know how to post proof that the fac, 
   can you link me something where i can see higher subsdies for the same product in france than in sweden . 
  the only thing i know for a fact is that newer members benefit less from cap , and slowly get the same level of subsidy . 
  of course i can . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/17h786/should_the_european_union_continue_as_a_monetary/c85qtgs ) is a rather lengthy comment where i discuss how the french gets paid more for having the exactly the same amount of cows , living the exact same way etc. 
  you see , to make sure that the french get paid more , they have added a clause , that has no bearing on the quality of the life of the cow , the end product etc - the number of trees in the pasture where the cows graze . 
  france have * refused * to change that clause , since 1995 . 
  there are a lot of clauses like that , that affects countries that are not france/spain etc.as with the reforms , that is * not * changing in 2013 , along with a lot of other stuff that is not changing , that is wrong . 
  however , the cap has changed some things , which is good , the support for tobacco for example , more focused on environmental issues etc ( from being very low ) . 
   plus , when france gets more subsidies for agriculture , it gets less on others sectors . 
  if not how can it be a net contributor ? 
  perhaps i misunderstand you , but it is not a zero sum game . 
  it is not like at the beginning of the year the eu gathers and decides `` france is getting a 100 total , spain 60 , sweden 8 etc - use it however you want '' . 
  the eu has decided to hand out money based on a lot of factures , like finances , size , agriculture - well you know there 's about a million things you can get support for . 
  so , the money france gets for its farming has no bearing on how much they will receive from the structural fund . 
  the fact is that france is not the country that gets most of the agricultural subsidies , no matter how one counts , but it is getting much more than its fair share , if one is striving to have a fair , financially sound etc cap , france should get less . 
  france would still get a lot , mind you since it is a big agricultural country , but not more . 
  but , the true problem is that france is the biggest and loudest champion of the cap . 
  if you look at the statistic on how much money each country receives , nothing makes any sense . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.reformthecap.eu/key-data-on-the-cap ) is a list of how much money the countries receive in 2013 , and honstely , it makes no sense what so ever . 
  why is greece so high ? 
  the netherlands ? 
  honestly , the reformation has n't been that thorough , and in a way i do think it is harming france too , at least it tax payers , and at the end of the day , its consumers who pays more than they should . 
  particularely in a time when money is tight , one should n't do that . 
  true , but the chart is still mad . 
  france supports the cap but the cap applies to all countries in the eu . 
  the cap rules are tailored to benefit france , not the eu . 
  they are , in fact discriminating a lot of other eu countries . 
  for the * exact * same product , produced in the * exact * same way , the french gets paid more . 
  it is discriminating , and damaging to the whole of the eu . 
  thank you . 
  is there a particular reason why the hezbollah chose bulgaria to carry out their terrorist attack , or was it just because it was a `` low risk country '' ? 
   noone in his party would vote against him ( such things are extremely rare in the spanish parliament ) . 
  moreover , someone in his party recently said something in the lines of `` we wo n't lose in the streets what we won in the elections '' . 
  and there 's the tradgedy . 
  i hope not if he is corrupt . 
  i suppose that spain has something like a `` vote of no confidence '' and a perhaps they could force a new election ? 
  one can hope i assume . 
  i hate corruption , everywhere it rears its ugly head , and it annoys me that football is always getting away with a slap on the wrist . 
  as for the sport - no , not really . 
  i do n't watch a lot of sport at all , and then it is mostly winter sports . 
  football , not at all . 
  as i said , even if i did n't find it is horribly boring ( which i do ) it is all corrupt anyway . 
  i do wish football all the worst though , for never dealing with the problems . 
  sorry for the fans , but it was the same for cycling fans i assume . 
  so , are we removing the world cup now ? 
  choosing a new country ? 
  is fifa going to be investigated - for real ? 
  is sepp blatter still in charge anywhere ? 
  have we thrown out that racist italian club for the next ten years ? 
  i guess all italian clubs are thrown out anyway since a lot of them are been convicted before if i remember correctly , both on racism and arranged matches . 
  have all the people who lost their money on the arranged matches received their money back ? 
  significant jail time and life time ban for everyone everywhere ? ... 
  the point is , you were right before . 
  it is like cycling , horribly corrupt and i doubt it is a sport , it feels like it goes to the highest bidder . 
  i think that question might be a bit to non - specific . 
  are there any parts in particular that you are thinking of ? 
  in essence - we pay the second highest taxes in the world to have an very wide and extensive social security system . 
  i 'd doubt the imf would recommend that , it is probably a small part of it . 
   as for the being lied to , i 'm not entirely sure that 's a problem for everyone . 
  people even watch things like wrestling , which is staged by definition . 
  yes , and one knows that , and one ca n't for example gamble on it the same way . 
  football has acted differently , even though it is corrupt as f-ck . 
  as soon as i will * know * in advance , without shadow of a doubt , who will win between arsenal/barcelona , i will not have a problem with that , or when we all know it is staged . 
  now we do not . 
  there is a reason wrestling is not in the olympics etc , for at least olympics claim to be about competition and fairness . 
  it is not fair if you manipulate , lie , cheat , bribe . 
  also , what laws are wrestling breaking ? 
   or look at the tour de france . 
  all the doping that was going on is a media scandal , but it 's not really a surprise . 
  people who were into the sport suspected it all along , but it was only ruined when the facade could n't be maintained any longer . 
  i agree totally , and i think one should abandon tour the france as well .
