  sigh , we are . 
  world bank , + emergency eu programs for the bottomless south . 
  and , what more , they have fucked up so massively that they are not even near becoming net payers . 
  so , because their debts , corruption and fuckups , * we * have to pay money for them for decades to come . 
  how does that not concern me ? 
   overall , the answer is probably yes . 
  it 's not the same as aid to most countries - eu subsidies are much more targeted and much more overseen . 
  i am sorry , you are so wrong , and i have evidence for it . 
  if it worked - why are portugal , greece and spain still so fucked up ? 
  you will have to give me scientific proof of what you are saying . 
  i see absolutely no reason to believe you against fact - this is what you want to believe , not the truth , is it ? 
  i have access to academic journals , so please post links why it works ( against the clear evidence ) and how it so much better than other aid . 
  if you ca n't provide that it is not true and the eu are willfully throwing our money in a bottomless pit against scientific evidence and will be doing that for decades to come.why would anyone want to be in a union like that ? 
   if they 're being targeted at things that will make a positive difference to greece ( and they were in ireland ) , then they 're worth continuing , because greece would be worse off without them . 
  and the world 's environment would be that much worse off in turn . 
  if they are working , and greece have been receiving them since 1981 , why are greece in the state it is in . 
  if they structural funds are n't working , why keep them ? 
  if the cap is n't working , why keep it ? 
   it comes down to whether you feel sufficient sympathy with the greek people to think that they deserve your assistance or not , which is something you should probably consider in the light of exactly how much assistance you actually give them , which averages about $ 20.21 / year per adult swede from 2000-2011 ( i should probably thank you at this point for the $ 4.77 per year each adult swede has contributed to ireland over the same period ) . 
  a ) we have contributed more to ireland , we helped with your bailout . 
  b ) why should i feel sympathy with a country who has done nothing to improve themselves , constantly cheat , lie and are corrupt , vote for less taxes and corrupt politicians . 
  i have much more sympathy for iceland , ruwanda ( genocide ) , estonia , or countries that are attempting to change . 
  the greeks are not . 
  and , as we said , the aid the eu is giving them is actually helping them * not * to change . 
  and , as for the environment - ha !, 
  please . 
  you are acting under the assumption that greece is doing anything for the environment . 
  i can link to so many directives they do n't care about , how they willfully screw things up , ruin stuff . 
  [ here ] ( http://curia.europa.eu/juris/liste.jsf?language=en&amp;jur=c,t,f&amp;num=c-264/07&amp;td=all ) for example is a warning how they have n't implemented the urban waste water report of the eu directives . 
  please note that it was before the crises , and they were five years late . 
  they get stuff like that every day , they do n't give a shit . 
  and , apart from the environment , several african states have complained at the eurozone that just because oneof their members is fucked up they get a better deal a more money than they do . 
  that is true btw . 
  so , in terms of global recognition , greece and the south help to fuck up europe 's reputation - what is that costing us ? 
  so , all i see is a union that is discriminating us , ignores glaring problems like the fact that the south is a bottomless pit that should n't receive another cent , that the structural fund does n't work - but they still want our money , for decades to come i do not want to be in a union that is so careless with my money , and do n't care how countries spend them - for decades . 
  how can you claim that is good to be in a union that just spend your money , carelessly ? 
  and , they want more power , more of our money while simoultaneously being more corrupt and paying less taxes . 
  i am not setting up my children for that , and i am so fucking tired of it . 
  if the eu wanted change , they should stop sponsoring the south , and put a time limit for how long one can leech and bleed other countries , before gettings ones act together . 
  they are not of course . 
  why should they - the more populous south have no incentive to change and will never vote for it . 
  and they outnumber us . 
  all one can do is run . 
  i like the tonal thing we have going . 
  and i also like the germanic way that we and other ( some ) germanic languages can just create new nouns by adding one noun after another . 
  i am sorry on my phone did n't see it was you who prefer to discriminate and be hateful towards swedes . 
  will never happen again . 
  am now online . 
  go away you racist . 
  i am baffled how you can defend discrimination . 
  sigh . 
  and again you do not answer . 
  this is useless if you are such a coward that you refuse to answer . 
  answer every single question please . 
  this is reptitive because you never answer my questions . 
  could you please do that . 
   certain food colourings such as brilliant blue and acid yellow 23 are indeed not banned under eu regulations , but as far as i can see they are still banned in sweden and other eu countries . 
  so , no , you do n't seem to be right there . 
  no , we have to sell it . 
  we do n't make food with that coloring , that is our choice , but * by law * which you seem to ignore , we can not ban something that is made in and sold in another eu country , apart from very , very rare exceptions , which do not apply to food . 
  belive us , we have tried . 
  so , if nestl\u00e9 for example decides to make something in the uk which allows it and sell it in sweden , we legally can not ban it . 
   cap headage payments were always at the same rate for everyone , and have been or are being phased out in favour of area based payments . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're basing your claims on here - and going on your responses to date , you 're not going to tell me , either . 
  but again , you do n't seem to be right on this one either . 
  no , the payment is not the same . 
  i can tell you . 
  first , they give more to things we ca n't even grow , like olives , sugar and wine . 
  second , they calculate thye prize of the cow on the number of trees ( !!!, 
  ! yes , odd , but that is how they do it ) which we have more , so we get less . 
  nothing about how the cow is doing . 
  in fact , from a veterinarian standpoint , our cows are better off since we have stricter animal laws . 
  not that the eu cares.third - for example the eu has constantly voted down our attempts to minmize antibiotics , since they love antibiotics ( or at least ignore todays science who speaks about restistance , how bad it is in food etc ) . 
  fourth , we have an * exception * in the regional funds , where you support rural areas , because so much of sweden is rural , that otherwise we would have been a net recipient . 
  why is that fair ? 
   as to why payments to greece continue - because greece continues to be poor , much as most of africa does . 
  given that that means a lot of greeks live below the poverty line , i ca n't see that they 're doing it just to rob you . 
  that does not in any way answer any question . 
  please answer . 
  why should i pay for them if they do not care to change ? 
  why does n't the eu care to change an obviously inefficient system?the structural funds are not working - why keep them ? 
  is there no limit for how long we should support them ? 
  if estonia and poland can grow , wtf is wrong with the south ? 
  are you saying , with your comments about africa , that you think that the citizens of the eu should pay for greece for the foreseeable future ? 
  is that your plan . 
  you are not answering my questions you know - please start doing that . 
  i think that part of the question is that you know greece have fucked up massively , just like the eu and you do n't want to admit that i am right , they are going to bleed those funds for the foreseeable future . 
  why ca n't we change that ? 
  you do n't even seem to care , you seem to think that being part of the eu is endlessly paying for the south . 
  well , ireland can do that , i see absolutely no compelling argument why we should do that . 
  please give me a compelling argument why we should endlessly pay for greece and why you think transferring money for them for 50 + years i totally ok while other countries can get their act together . 
  why not greece ? 
  ( lets face it , they are getting funds top 2020 , and it is hardly likee they are going to be donors by 2020 , their debt is 170 % !!!! ) . 
  and , with regards to africa - are you aware that several african economists are asking no more aid . 
  in fact , there are good theories as to why one should n't aid a country to long , because it becomes dependent on that help . 
  but - you think it is a good strategy for greece ? 
  please explain in detail why , and what would change ? 
  what are the straw men ? 
  are greece going not to be on the receiving end ? 
  portugal ?
