   all the things that you said are real problems and they are n't been adressed by nobody . 
  yes , and greece should adress them . 
  however , they do not . 
  he says our health care is bad , and the man in street knows it.i disagree , we have some of the best health care in the world . 
  i am a woman in the street , he does not speak for me . 
  it obviuously kills innocent people ( who does n't if you treat nine millions , but not more than anyone else ) . 
  furthermore , it is not more expensive than equal countries etc , etc , he does n't have a lot of right , at all . 
  one example . 
   sweden had some of the absolute lowest taxes in the world you are aware that he is talking about before ww1 ( !!!!!!!, 
  ) , before the popular vote ? 
  before public anything . 
  it is not even a relevant comparison , it is 100 years ago . 
   hen the central planners get their hands on it , who are those central planners ? 
  which countries do * not * have central planning . 
  yet , he compares sweden to soviet honestly , he does not have many correct points , not at all . 
   there are very few private practices left . 
  blatantly wrong - in fact , we have almost the most number of private practises in western europe , not that he knows or care . 
  idiot . 
  honestly , it sounds like he wrote that article 40 years ago . 
  i am surprised he is not warning us against the commies , and the red scare . 
  why do n't you tell me what * you * dislike with the swedish health care . 
  please , back it up with number and statistics . 
  i have access to academic journals . 
   perceived corruption index . 
  it 's not literally that corrupt . 
  seriously , now you are just being willfully obtuse . 
  ok , what place are you one then ? 
  give me the list . 
  no matter what you say * greece is one of the most corrupt countries in europe * , or are you saying i am wrong ? 
   it 's called complacency and you can see it everywhere . 
  i agree it 's bad but as long as the material conditions are good people are usually not motivated enough to demonstrate . 
  i do n't think this is a characteristic limited to greeks . 
  i have never said it was limitd to the greeks , but that conmplacency actually fucked up your country - so you are responsible . 
  and , you forget one thing , one extremely important thing . 
  while the rest of us were paying taxes and doing painful reforms , over and over again - what were you doing ? 
  how little have the average working greek paid in taxes compared to the average finn ? 
  the average finn who also paid 7 % of their gdp one year to bail out their banks ? 
  so , based on people born in , let 's say 1960 - how much taxes have the greeks paid ? 
  and - complacency is not the reason now . 
  greeks * still * have a huge black/illegal sector , still suck at paying taxes and are still corrupt and inefficent , as a whole . 
  if you want to fix it , why are these things so big then ? 
   the problem is that the reforms are counter-productive and are only making the problems worse . 
  you have taken this word , `` reforms '' and you have turned it into some sort of magical panacea to all problems . 
  it 's like telling someone your foot hurts and they reply `` just take some pills , whatever '' . 
  some are , some are n't , counter productive , but not the ones to your public sector , it is a joke . 
  reforms is a word , like austerity , it can mean whatever you put into it . 
   i told you , it 's complacency . 
  but greece ca n't * aford * to be compacent any more and if you can go out in the streets to protest the troika , why ca n't you protest your parents , uncle alex and frankly , perhaps yourself . 
  you do not reach the corruption levels , and the black market levels that greece has , without millions of people getting involved . 
  so , why did you agree to it ? 
  greeks sometimes comes across like children . 
  if you do n't pay taxes for 40 + years , what do you expect ? 
   when the greeks are now demonstrating and trying to vote those corrupt politicians out of office , your countries and the eu threaten us and coerce us to vote for them again . 
  my country is actually not involved ( our finance minster has the view that you should have defaulted in 2009 , apart from never being let in , he hates the banks saves and the bail out packages as well . 
  i mostly agree with him . 
  important to say that one of the reasons i at least want greece out of the euro is that i dislike the euro , it is very incorrect constructed ) and frankly - you have had free elections . 
  you just want the bail out without stings . 
  are you saying that greece have n't had free elections ? 
  also , what have you been voting for , during the last 40 years ? 
   greece needs to solve its own problems but it 's not a direct democracy so i do n't understand why you 're blaming me for the problems that the greek politicians are n't fixing . 
  because you do not reach the level of corruptions , inefficiency and mismanagment that greece has without involving large number of the population . 
  yet , magically , particularely here on reddit it is * all * because of the politicians . 
  for fucks sake , if you have several hundred thousand inefficient `` hired for life public servants '' - you know one . 
  if half of the greeks cheat on their taxes - you probabaly have one in the family . 
  if 30 % of the greek economy is `` illegal '' - you , or someone you know is involved . 
  if the average greek pay $ 200 in bribes/year - well , you get it . 
  that is not the politicians , that 's the greeks . 
  a few thousand people ca n't fuck up the system that much without help . 
  so , stop blaming them and start screaming at you mother for bribing , and the neighbour for cheating on his taxes . 
   the unfair treatment ? 
  what is unfair ? 
  which country has been treated fair and which countries have been treated unfair ? 
   you portray me as only complaining and wanting greece to remain as it was . 
  thus the strawman . 
  well , you are complaining about the reforms , all the time . 
  so , you do n't like the reforms ? 
  but , the public sector is part of the reforms , and you say you do not want it . 
  that means that you want to keep the public sector . 
  why ? 
  yes , most of it . 
  i like and have been helped by our health care system and think it is working . 
  no , i have n't actually , i rarely read aftonbladet . 
  what do they say . 
  knowing the average aftonbladet reader , i can at least hazard a guess that it will be misspelt . 
  let me put it to you in this way - greece is one of the most corrupt countries in europe , you are only beaten by moldavia . 
  for decades you have refused reforms and voted for corrupt politicians . 
  you have also happily had some of the lowest tax rates which you btw were the worst at paying . 
  add to that a huge illegal sector which you still have and a very inefficient corrupt public sector . 
  then , when it all collapses and the eu , in one way or another has to take responsibility of greek economy , you blame them . 
  if you have two tax men and one of them does n't do his job , you have one to much - finito . 
  he should be fired . 
  considering the horrible greek public sector track record - you have to many , even if there are only two , because you are a bad at paying taxes , for example . 
  and - when , after 40 years , you finally reform , you blame eu for not making the reforms perfect . 
  guess what - they are not , not for any country and we do n't like them either . 
  but , if you had bothered in the last 40 years to act , they would have been less painful . 
  why did n't you ? 
  why did you greeks build such an inefficient state ? 
  corrupt state ? 
  where are the demonstrations against your parents who voted for fucking ages for this ? 
  where are the demonstration against lazy uncle alex and the corrupt neighbour ?
