  why not vote no like sweden , denmark to the euro , or no to the eu like norway or switzerland ? 
  it was up to the greeks . 
  all along the way greece have had millions of other options , yet you choose to blame germany . 
  they did n't force you down the corruptions list - greece did . 
  they did n't force you to fake you numbers - greece did . 
  they did n't force you to do anything , take the loans etc - yet you blame everyone but yourself . 
  i think it is sad , tragic and shows that you are completely out of touch with reality . 
  there are a lot of faults with the euro , but your special brand of blaming the germans for everything is seriously only making your enemies , and no , you do not have some sort of truth , you are only denying facts . 
   also the italians did not go to the greek bank during ww2 and ask for a 10 billion $ loan with 0 % interest like the germans did . 
  this is the money greece wants back . 
  and , again , you have * signed an agreement * , which you honestly are mad enough to straight off deny . 
  and , other people in this thread have tore your claims to shreads - read and learn . 
  and the italians invaded greece , ask money from them . 
  to me you seem to signify everything that is wrong with greece . 
  you refuse to accept facts , or blame . 
  everyone else is , but certainly not you or the greeks , in any form . 
   greece is better off out of the eu and making economic pacts with uk/turkey/china / russia . 
  bye , bye , have fun . 
  good luck with not becoming a puppet of those states . 
  they are all known for their democratic and peaceful ways ... ... ... 
   there was no agreement , apart from that it was , and greece signed it . 
   if germany wants greece to `` pay for its debt sins '' then i think greece should aggressively go for these reparations at all costs . 
  i so think you should do that - really . 
  go for it !, 
  and , while your at it , go for the italians as well . 
  it will work out so well for you . 
  i am sure the international community will understand , love and support you . 
  i would remind you that germany have bailed you out with billions of euro that you should then repay immediately , but then you will claim that they have not done that , that the greeks do not want to be in the euro ( despite the polls saying differently ) or some other conspiracy nonsens you can come up with . 
  also , you do not seem to understand that the greeks to a very large degree put themselves in this mess , and no one actually `` owes '' greece anything - you should pick yourself out of this mess . 
  instead , you are sitting blaming germany for things that happend 70 years ago , while millions of taxpayers in europe and the world are contributing money to greece . 
  no wonder greece does n't seem to make any progress if that is the way you attack problems . 
  you are mentioned on the wiki page ... 
  i am on my phone , but i think it was signed inlondon 1957 or something similar . 
  sorry , true , we tend to forget that . 
  of course you are entitled to pay off war reparations in europe , and have your reputation restored as a raping and pillaging lot . 
  no , it is n't . 
  the fact is countries prioritise different , and work different . 
  finland is obviously working well and can afford a big government , just like the dutch can afford more health care than ukraine . 
  greece - they can not afford it . 
  i think your personal views are important because you minimised both the articles and the criticism with your comment . 
  it is as if a french person would minimise a german criticising subsidies for french wine , because `` the german wine is so bad '' . 
  never mind if the criticism was correct , you are not taking it serious and minimising it - same thing you did . 
  and frankly , i do not think the brits are sad they are not in the euro . 
  that is also why i asked you about your views . 
  it gets coverage in sweden to btw , just as a lot of other parties in germany and abroad . 
  if you do not want huge permanent transfers , how do you expect the euro to survive ? 
   germany will leave the euro when hell freezes over , thats that . 
  perhaps , so you mean that most germans are ok with permanent huge transfers to the south , or are you saying that the euro can survive without it ? 
   sure , crises management has to be changed , but merkel proved to be quite flexible . 
   in five years , this crisis will be forgotten , and germany will still be europes powerhouse . 
  so , are you saying that the crises can be solved without changes in treatiies , permanent transfers , banking union , change in the statues of the ecb and debt pooling/debt reduction , or are you saying that it will happen within five years ? 
  if you say yes to the changes , do you think the people should be able to vote ? 
  when is germany and the other countries going to start follow the maastrich treaty , or do you think treaties should be ignored ? 
  do you think the euro is constructed in a good , lasting way ? 
  what ? 
  are you defending torture ? 
  anyway , my argument was that one starts with oneself , in this case a country . 
  do you think that it is wrong ? 
   then we see that finland has a quite bigger government than both greece and portugal . 
  but finland can afford it . 
   i made my somewhat snarky comment because i find it a bit funny that a party that has n't even proven that they can get votes gets mayor coverage in the british press ' they get major coverage in the german press as well . 
  is that because the germans are anti euro ? 
   and i do think that has to do with the love of being anti- $ . 
  perhaps , but as we have discussed further down , the fact is , that when you attack the messanger , you do not actually deal with the underlying issues , or the fact that he might have several points , or even be right . 
  i would for example like for you to answer if you think it is ok to break the maastrich treaty ? 
  do you think the euro can survive without permanent transfers ? 
  do you think the people in germany and other countries should be allowed to vote on these issues ? 
  when ? 
  all in all , do you think his criticism is right or not . 
  we do as well . 
  one has to start somewhere , and you can not ask them to do stuff you are not willing to do yourself . 
  besides , if you have that reasoning , nothing will ever happen , anywhere at any time . 
  `` why do we have to stop with torture , other countries still do it ? '', 
  `` why do we have to stop trying to produce biochemical weapons , other countries might still be at it '' , etc. 
   they are paralyzed by fear . 
  the people are not . 
  they could most certainly ask them to act . 
  also , i think a politician who actually went out a said straight out why it is doomed , etc could be appreciated . 
  however , it does not seem to be the case ( as evident by this board ) . 
   all in all , you are correct on the fact that we know what works for sure , but we 're not totally sure on the bare minimum required to make it work . 
  well , i do not understand why one should aim for the bare minimum at all ? 
  at least we do know that there is no way the euro is even close to that , but that is n't being adressed either - as we both agree upon . 
   until germany 's elections are done with , we 'll only be getting empty rhetoric for sure . 
  afterwards , well , i 'd wager we 'll still getting plenty of vague bickering , but with a higher chance of decisions being made . 
  but , it is n't just up to the germans , which is another thing i have been arguing about . 
  as it is now , every day the maastrich treaty is being violated , as well as the ecb rules , the stability pact rules - etc. 
  to have a working currency union , ( i think both you and i can agree about this ) there needs to if the economies are as different as they are in the ez , huge permanent transfers , pooling of debt/debt reduction , working banking union and more autonomy for the ecb with perhaps slightly different goals . 
  however - that means that the maastrich treaty , currently involving 25 countries needs to be re-written . 
  constitutions needs to be changed . 
  also , for a currency union to work , the huge current democratic deficit needs to be adressed . 
  germany alone can most certainly not change it , and there is a very huge and real chance that countries like finland will say `` fuck it , we are not paying off the south forever '' and break free . 
  also , the negotiation will take years/decades . 
  and , more important than anything else - the people * need * to be able to vote about it . 
  however , no one dares to let the north vote since the people would say no . 
  and , that is a dangerous and undemocratic , and it can not be fixed by german elections . 
  the only thing that can fix that is letting people know what they are in fore , and then vote - in all countries , not just germany . 
  the pro - euro people are not even attempting to adress this issue , it is constatly glossed over . 
  and , that is one of the biggest reason why i actually hope the euro will fail ( although i do not like the personal tragedies that will follow ) . 
  if one is that un-democratic , it is good if one fails . 
  i do not even know it is sad , personally i do not strive for a united states of europe at all .
