  that is frankly pathetic . 
  and idiotic and wrong . 
   nd when the enterprise still succeeds if your defenition of success is southern europe in shambles and depression then yes . 
  and again - i am waiting . 
  where is the new treaty that is going to fix this ? 
  it is not even in the pipeline ? when are you going to follow the law ? 
  if you do n't give a shit - then a new treaty does n't matter , does it ? 
  when are you going to fix stuff ? 
  yes it could . 
  not sure , but maybe . 
  but we * know * that this does not help or aid anything . 
  it only makes things worse . 
  yes , i agree , but it actually makes things worse as well . 
  i mean , if greece had left in 2008 - it could very well been on it way to recovery now . 
  sigh , probably . 
  and , of course , that solves absolutely nothing . 
  well , the question is whether they are right or not , about the bundesbanks attitude . 
  they are . 
  here is the article from reuter 's . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/01/27/us-eurozone-crisis-bundesbank-idusbrea0q0hv20140127 ) . 
   it failed when one country did it but it might not fail if more countries do it . 
  the whole world then ? 
  and at a minimum , the whole eu . 
  i know we are not doing it , so it falls just there . 
  nor does germany have any plans to do that . 
   the easier it is to take your property out of the region that is implementing a certain taxation scheme , the less likely the scheme is to be effective . 
  true , and i guess it is not to hard to do it from the south . 
  it is perfectly legal , and it is a huge problem . 
   still , it 's pretty unlikely that we 'll see a bank deposit levy right before the coming euro-parliament elections . 
  that is true , but they might not have a choice . 
  also , no one in the north wants a bail out before * their * elections . 
  so , it could by the northern politicians some time and give the impression that they are hardliners . 
   greece does have a funding gap in the 2014 budget and no one knows how it will be fixed . 
  also , the negotiations between the troika and the greek government have broken down . 
  greece 's next big bond payment is in may , not really good timing then ... 
   greek debt and its unemployment has nothing to do with the euro , the currency yes it does . 
  internal devaluation that happens within a currency union - that is economics 101 . 
  are you saying that the euro has nothing to do with the situation in portugal and spain to ? 
   i do n't know where you 're going with japan , but the inflationary policy shinzo abe is leading is the quite the opposite of where we are right now the problems that japan is facing ? 
  the low growth etc ? 
  and , obviously it is not just me , a lot of people think so . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/01/07/us-eurozone-economy-idusbrea060bb20140107 )  what i was saying is that you ca n't have fiscal and even less political integration without a common ground first . 
  rome was n't build in a day , so imagine a federal europe ... only in my nightmares . 
   did you understand what i wrote ? 
  the euro was a prerequisite ehem , if that was the prerequisite it was the most stupid , idiotic prerequsite ever . 
  or , to what are you referring ? 
  the greek debt that is now around 170 % ? 
  the unemployment numbers ? 
  or that the eurozone is heading into japan territory ? 
   hat the next steps of integration were stopped is a complete different matter . 
  do n't try to mix the euro with it . 
  for the euro to work , you need political and financial integration . 
  so , they need to be mixed . 
  or are you saying everything is great now ? 
  it is not wrong that one need political and financial integration as well . 
  or are you saying that the eurozone is doing well at the moment ? 
   see , that 's the rhetorical repetition i take issue with : the euro does work . 
  well , only if you ignore the plight of southern europe , and do not care about the fact that the whole of the eurozone is heading towards japan territory . 
  however , for those of us who do not think 30 % unemployment , 170 % debt , and depression is a good thing - then europe is not working . 
  it is only working if you ignore the facts . 
   the part that is failing is the current economic policy , which is failing mostly because it 's constrained too much by specific national interests . 
  no , it is not the case . 
  for example , internal devaluation which is what the south is suffering is not due to this . 
  it is natural , it happens in currency unions and it is also economics 101 . 
  the way to ease this is of course perment transfers . 
   then we should give the union enough competences to set free-riders straight , instead of allowing rebates , exceptions and loopholes to determine the final outcome . 
  and , we should obviously throw out the ones who does n't follow the rule , like greece , italy and belgium , for starters . 
  however , your precious eurozone is doing nothing of that ? 
  how is that for a working currency ? 
  why are n't you acting ? 
  and why did you let countries in from the start that why is n't the eurozone countries respecting the law ? 
  do n't talk about what you should do - you are not doing it and you are not even * attempting to change it . 
  so , what you are talking about is a dream scenario that do not exist . 
  at the moment , the eurozone ignores the laws and treaties and nothing can be built from that . 
   i 'm all in favor for a basic social security minimum based on the buying power of the euro in the poorest euro countries . 
  that way we ensure that the costs remain light for net paying regions while avoiding market distortion in the net receiving regions . 
  and again , nothing of that is happening , nor is shared debt , nor deeper integration . 
  and one need that for a working currency union . 
  it is n't even in the pipeline . 
  so again , it is like you have one currency union in your head , but there is another one in the reality . 
   i 'll be the last to say that the current incarnation is perfect and does n't need to change ever . 
  i 'm only against saying that it 's impossible . 
  i have never said that , i just say highly unlikely . 
  it is not impossible that we could have a currency union with china , just very , very unlikely ... 
  however , you seem not to be aware that none of the changes necessary is happening , nor that the euro that you want is n't even in the pipleline . 
  i mean - where 's the new treaty ? 
  where is the shared debt ? 
   relative strength of the different camps would be different , so you 'd get a different ecb treaty to start with . 
  a ) you do not know that and the treaty might have been even stricter for example . 
  b ) you never answered my critiscism against the euro despite you wanting to start the argument ? 
  if you love the euro so much and defend it , why do n't you ? 
  what did i say that was wrong ? 
  is that how you eurolovers defend the euro ? 
  if the euro is so good btw - why are you in this mess ? 
  now you are just doing it because you have no arguments , and you kno , since we have discussed this before ( and i write on other places in this very thread as well ) that my argument is far , far better than that . 
  but you are just out to pick a fight i guess . 
  so , i 'd like you to deliever long and detailed answers to these arguments as to why the euro does n't work * no one cares about the rules or the law . 
  example - growth and stability pact . 
  belgium/italy/greece should n't even have been let in , and all the others ( apart from estonia and finland ) should have been fined and told to shape up . 
  one ca n't build a union where no country gives a single shit about the law .
