  i mean , that gives no edge , no proper opposition etc. 
  i can ( almost ) understand people voting for fp\u00d6 , for no other resons than to stir the pot . 
  the fact that you do not feel mutilated , does n't mean that you were not . 
  i am sure there are women of female genital mutilation that says the same thing . 
  however , when it comes to mutilation , we do not let the victims , or their feelings , decide if it was mutilation or not . 
  you were mutilated , that is a fact . 
  however , good for you that you do not feel mutlitated . 
   in the larger scheme of things , could we still consider it honoring body autonomy if the child is raised in a context where they are essentially taught that they must be circumcised for whatever reasons given ? 
  perhaps not completely autonomy , but i do not see how we can stop it . 
  at some point we have to call someone an adult and let him make descicions about his body . 
  we do the same with jehova 's witnessess - the adults are allowed to say no to a blood transfusion , the children are not ( at least in sweden ) . 
   so , honestly , what do you imagine enforcement for this policy will look like ? 
  in sweden , like the law we have against female mutilation . 
  if the parents choose to mutilate their childs genitals , ( or frankly , mutilate their child in any way ) they will be prosecuted and go to jail . 
  also , obviously , loose custody of said child and perhaps siblings , and pay damage to the child . 
  that goes even if they go abroad and do it , and then return . 
  i guess they could permanently move abroad never to return if it is very important for them to permanently damage their child , but i expect most of them would stop . 
   i think i have a better idea than everyone who claims to know itt . 
  no , apparently you do not . 
  on average , a male looses feelings and nervends . 
  the fact that you perhaps did n't does n't change the fact that people do loose nerves and sensitivity , according to science and studies . 
  the fact that something happens to most people does n't mean that it always happens to every single one . 
  hell , we can find survivors from incurable disease if you are looking for outliers . 
  or , are you saying that those studies , and the doctors are wrong and that you have the truth ? 
  would you then mind explaining , in scientific detail , why the doctors and the studies are wrong ? 
  links of course that explains why mutilation is wrong ( and i think it is so fucking sick that i , in the year 2013 have to explain to a grown man that mutilation is wrong and harmful ) . 
  [ link 1 ] ( http://www.intactamerica.org/resources ) [ link 2 ] ( http://www.doctorsopposingcircumcision.org/doc/publications.html ) [ link 3 ] ( http://www.stopthecut.org/arguments_against_circumcision.php ), 
   i have certainly not been mutilated , i have a clean looking penis , and my friends who 've had it done too ( few persian folk ) definitely do n't feel mutilated in the slightest . 
  there are female victims of the most severe forms of female genital mutilation as well who do not * feel * mutilated . 
  mutilation is not classified after the feelings of the victim . 
  you , and your friends * were * mutilated , whether you like it or not . 
  that is a medical fact . 
  you can like your mutilation and have opinions about it , for example , thinking that mutilation makes you feel cleaner . 
  however , you can not choose facts . 
  mutilation is mutilation , even if you like mutilations . 
  exactly . 
  good . 
  freedom of religion does n't mean freedom to mutilate . 
  yes . !, 
  we are burning them on stake , together with other - ist . 
  rather weird , but someone 's got to do it . 
  of course i do . 
  thank you edit . 
  i am an idiot . 
  what version of christians is it that are against vaccinations ? 
  in sweden we have had measles in areas with anthropologists ( they are not christians though ) . 
  he wondered about the expression `` there is no cow on the ice '' which means `` no reason to worry/nothing to worry about '' . 
  it seems to be a scandinavian expression , we say it too . 
  i think he thought death to sweden though '' ... :-) . 
  cow, 
  it is sad that it went like that . 
  i believe it could have been handled much , much better . 
  how much did it increase the price of electricity ? 
  we are gaining on you ... you ca n't stay ahead of us forever , we have a long , long coastline :-) . 
   if wolves/bears where to be introduced i think doing it away from the mainland would be the best bet , that way the population has a cap , both wolves and humans are safely separated ( we do n't want either being killed ) , wolves do not kill humans really , unless you insist giving them a newborn . 
  sweden has had two deaths in 200 years from wolves , both tame wolves that went berserk , in cages btw . 
  we do not even have wolf attacks . 
  i have never ever heard of one on a human . 
  bears - the only death i have heard about is a hunter who a ) had a dog who woke the bear up midwinter and annoyed it b ) the bear was hungry and confused and went for the dog c ) the hunter tried to protect the dog and shot the bear d ) the wounded bear went for the hunter . 
  if you can avoid doing that , you are safe . 
  in fact , we have something like 2500 bears in sweden , and really no attacks . 
  at a research facility in sweden they made of study of seeing how easy it was to get close to a bear . 
  they walked towards bears who wore a gps collar . 
  1000 times they have walked towards bears , behaving like normal people in the forest , talking , perhaps being quiet and picking berries etc. 
  they hardly ever even got close . 
  a very few times they could spot the animal , and this was when they knew where the animal were . 
  they were never attacked . 
  so , do not fear being attacked by bears or wolves , they should fear us much more . 
   belgium and the netherlands had different species of predator birds could you elaborate a bit on that perhaps ? 
  what birds have disappeared ? 
  or , have all birds of prey just moved into other areas and are now to be find all over the place . 
  also , pre wii numbers do n't have to be `` good '' , i think that might depend on the area , at least in sweden . 
  impressed by spain , germany and portugal . 
  i am also suprised that sweden almost have as much wind power as the danes . 
  to me the denmark is always held up as an example around wind power , but we almost have as much as they have . 
  did n't know that at all . 
   i 'm not answering your loaded question because what you are looking for is just pointing fingers from your high horse . 
  again assumptions . 
  at least you have now admitted to the fact that you are refusing to answer my question !, 
  so , you are accusing me of lying despite having no proof , you make assumptions you have no proof for , and you refuse to answer questions . 
  that sort of makes you a person who ca n't discuss , and btw , a coward for not answering . 
   southern europe problems are to be dealt by southern europeans not but some swed bigot full of himself . 
  we know the shit in our countries pretty fucking well . 
  proof for bigot ? 
  again , you are so pathethic , you have no answers , and then you accuse * me * . 
  i am not the one not answerings questions and lying , you are . 
   eu industry has been promoted in certain areas and dismantled in others . 
  i very much doubt you can categorize something as eu industry yet . 
  it is much more constructive to talk about germany 's industry , finlands industry etc. 
  we are not that integrated you know . 
   other sectors like tourism or agriculture have been developed in other areas . 
  what do you mean ? 
  southern europe has not adjusted properly , * that * is why they should have developed in other areas , or , again , southern europe has refused to see the writing on the wall . 
  for example , he cap is rather idiotic , and what it has done , is to sustain non profitable agriculture . 
  the cap is still doing it btw , but to a lesser degree . 
  countries like denmark , sweden and finland has adjusted to the harsh realities of modern agriculture since , well , since the 60 's . 
  the fact that southern europe ( and france ) has sustained their agriculture who is very old fashioned and now is complaining , lies on the doors of those countries , and is a failure to see what has been going on since forever . 
  i hate the cap btw . 
  not completely against all forms of agricultural support , but the cap is idiotic , and take up far to much of the eu budget . 
  and for example tourism has not been hit that hard in other countries , it has been hit hard in greece , the euro makes it more expensive than for example croatia and turkey .
