  i am sorry , the environmental issues of the worlds ocean 's is far , far bigger and more important than spain 's economy . 
   because it is n't that simple of course it is n't . 
  it is impossible . 
  apart from giving up large chunks of your gdp , it would essentially mean , for both north and south , giving up ones independence as a nation , and become a substate in united states of europe . 
  i do not think that is very likely to happen . 
   why do you trust them to get it right ? 
  what ? 
  i do n't . 
  but , i gave that example , as in finland giving up their gdp for greece just as one example of how difficult it would be to become a transfer union . 
  i did n't even touch on the issue of ceasing to exist as a state , deep corruption in the south etc. 
  i think you are not allowed to borrow to 100 % ( i think it is 85 % ) and you do have to pay off some . 
  not sure how much , but you ca n't just pay off 1 euro/month , there 's a certain percentage . 
  small , but still ... 
  i am an environmentalist . 
  fishing is one of my pet issues , perhaps i shows :-) . 
   at some point the sun will burn out . 
  wow , that comparison is big even for r/swarje . 
  well , it is not just me , it is oecd ( every year they tell us ) , anders borg , economist , etc that think sweden 's private debt is too high . 
  but you do n't then i guess . 
  you think it is brilliant ? 
  do you even want it higher ? 
   maybe you should go there if you are so worried about this metric ? 
  yes , i criticised sweden , and you want me to move immediately ... . that is very mature of you . 
   many fishermen in the area ca n't afford fishing in any other place ( old boats , too far ) and by purposely blocking those fishing spots , gibraltar is condemning them and their families , forcing them to live on welfare . 
  and nobody wants that . 
  spain has far , far to many fishermen anyway . 
  the reason spain has that is that spain have refused to dismantle their fishing fleet - for decades . 
  so , at some point or another , at the latest when spain has fished the last fish out of the ocean , these fishermen will have to live on welfare anyway . 
  if spain have had any decency towards the environment , they should have told these fishermen decades ago to get another job . 
  other countries have , why should n't spain ? 
  as far as i am concerned , almost anything to get spanish fishermen off the ocean is good ( do n't get me started on the chinese ... :-) )  mess with spanish fishermen 's nets , and i am sure most of them do some illegal fishing anyway , in gibraltar 's water , and elsewhere , or just fish to much . 
   many fishermen in the area ca n't afford fishing in any other place nor should they . 
  they should n't be fishing at all . 
   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mar_menor interesting read , thanks . 
   `` fish problems '' for `` fishing problems '' unfortunately , protecting fisherment * always * turn in to a fish problem , since fisherment tend to fish . 
  so , it is bad protecting fishermen that should have lost their job decades ago . 
  those fisherment contribute to spain 's overfishing of the oceans . 
  so , while the spanish government might frame it as basically a job problem , in the end it is a problem for the fishes . 
  thank you for the information . 
  i even think this site might be irish . 
  http://thepeopleseconomy.com/difference-between-sovereign-debt-and-private-debt/ another link : http://philosophicaleconomics.wordpress.com/2012/11/19/pt2/, 
  yep , sweden is right up there . 
  at some point we are going to crash . 
  i agree , the euro is badly constructed . 
  however , to subsides the south for the foreseeable future , is not something that is easy to convince voters of . 
  `` hey finland . 
  could you please send 15 % of your gdp south for the next 30 years , we need it . '', 
  would you say yes to that ? 
  with finlandssvenskar i mean finns who has swedish as their first language . 
  sure , if we get the whole of norway . 
  otherwise , we keep it . 
  we do n't have that anymore though ? 
  this sound so strange to me . 
  it is as if they have no clue how scientific research on animal is performed , or what it is used for . 
  for the record , i am rather against testing on animals , but i recognise that it has to be done sometimes , unfortunately . 
  a sweeping ban like this is not good for important research . 
   our banks deserve to fail , as they are utterly corrupt perhaps , but it is utterly unimportant . 
  tell me again , if every spanish bank fails , how are you going to function as a country , every single person looses all they have , no one get a salary , no one can buy or sell anything - * how are you going to function * . 
   you are going to hand them out , in the meantime , to the evicted families who ca n't support themselves anymore thanks to the measures of those last years . 
  but that does not give you any money to keep spain afloat for the estimated * two decades * that it will take to make you competitive . 
  you seem to forget this - you are not competitive , and handing out houses will not make you so , yet you claimed it was source of income . 
  how is it going to be . 
  handing out or selling , you claim both . 
   it 's estimated that the underground economy in spain will reach 195,600,000,000 $ by the end of this year ffs , it does n't matter if 20 % of the economy , it still does n't make you competitive . 
  i am sorry , i am sure you are nice , but you seem extremely naive when it comes to economics and finances . 
  most of your suggestiong does not work , and even if they do , they are not even band aids . 
  you do not seem to understand the situation . 
  spain is not competitive . 
  selling houses will not make you so , nor being a country without banks . 
  you seem more vengeful , than practical . 
  nothing of what you are suggesting would keep you afloat for decades and make you competitive , nothing . 
  you are not even * attempting * to suggest anything that will make you competitive in the future . 
  yet you blame imf . 
  sigh . 
   no , that is a false dichotomy . 
  no , how would you have paid ? 
   for instance , with the 250,000,000,000 $ that the state has given to the banks until now your banks needs it , it is extremely important that a state has functioning banks.it would be worse if you did n't . 
  and , all those money does not come from spain as well , the troijka has helped . 
  how would you function as a country without banks ? 
  i 's say that it is extremely important to save them , to suffest otherwise is very , very naive , unfortunately . 
  and , we ( sweden ) spent 4 % of our gdp one year to save our banks , finland spend 7-8 % . 
  that is how important it is . 
   or with all the empty homes those same banks have product from evictions or speculation . 
  who are you going to sell them too ? 
   or with all the money kept underground by big business and high fortunes to avoid taxes and you are seriously saying that would keep the spanish middle class going for two decades ...  there 's plenty of ways no , there is n't . 
  all your suggestions , i am sorry to say , are beyond naive actually ,  worse results for the spanish people and the economy than if they had done nothing at all . 
  so , you prefer to default , that would have been the case you know . 
   then it 's necessary to protect the middle and lower classes , which are the ones who have been hit the hardest by the crisis , so they can keep consuming and the economy stays afloat . 
  it 's also necessary to start that shift , through encouraging education and research ( just the opposite as what 's being done now ) . 
  with what money ? 
   what spain needs is a shift away from real state to a more reliable kind of industry . 
  sure , but it take decades . 
  what are you going to do until then ? 
   destroying the welfare state and the middle class , and taking away worker 's rights , not done by the imf, 
  i think perhaps r/sweden might be better . 
  perhaps you should ask in r/deutschland or r/germany , i am sure people there know more about childcare , etc than random people in r/europe . 
  where do you live and what do you do ? 
  you just made me think of how we as swedes skall celebrate the `` freden i kiel '' . 
  that is next year :-) . 
  but if you are to become competitive and ca n't touch the currency , nor are you to receive more help , how are you to go about it then ?
