  i was not being sarcastic , i just do n't really belive it until i see it . 
  i do n't really mind the us 's ( in my mind ) weird gun laws , lack of health care , putting people in prison all the time , death penalty etc , because even if i might not agree with it , it is something the us mainly do to itself . 
  however , with the military complex ( as with environmental policy for example ) the us messes up the life of everybody on the planet . 
  now , if the current military complex stays , the us needs a new war to justify those costs . 
  and , the true cost of the next war will not be carried by the us , it will be carried by the unfortunate state that was next on the list and a lot of other states who managed to be dragged into it , by accident/taking in the refugees/being neighbours/having the same religion etc. 
  and i do n't want that . 
  not at all . 
  also , i genuinely think those money could be so much better spent on education , welfare , environment , research etc - there are a lot of worthy causes that will increase us and the us populations quality of life . 
  cool . 
  i really think that is good for you . 
  so your congress said yes to the budget ? 
  i thought it was n't finished , just extended until january ( when the next shutting down of the government might happen ) . 
  is n't that right ? 
   yea they are currently cutting spending , the sequester cuts are already underway for 2013 and it will need to be renewed every year ; but these cuts are growing in popularity . 
  `` the defense bugdet is facing $ 492 billion in possible sequester cuts over nine years , or roughly $ 55 billion annually . 
  these come on top of earlier cuts by former defense secretary robert gates '' * if * it is true ( as in , it will be voted through ) , i 'd say that is great . 
  those money are needed elsewhere , and it is not like china is going to invade the us if they spend 1 % less . 
  however , i do n't belive the congress is going to pass it , there are new elections and who wants to be the non patriot who cuts spending etc. ... . but , one can always hope . 
   i have chilean and persian friends ( lots of persian friends , in fact ) that would argue we did n't fuck over their countries . 
  it 's a matter of perspective . 
  these things are complicated , not black and white . 
  there were 2 democratic elected government you choose to overturn . 
  and you defend that . 
  seriously , are you saying it was right to overthrow allende ? 
  yes or no . 
  was the iranian coup d'etat in 1953 right ? 
  are you that self centered ? 
  why was it right then ? 
  explain !, 
  why are you right killing children with drones , nsa , iraq , nicauragua , lumumba ? 
   we did n't start vietnam or korea . 
  we joined in . 
  semantics , like the first gulf war . 
  it was fought and lead by you , do n't you deny it . 
  ( mcnamara/tonkin , really , you are suck a lovely state ... ) should you have been in vietnam ? 
  what were you doing there , egging it on ? 
  it was a war , driven by you , even your own presidents , foreign secretaries etc admits to it . 
  are you denying it then ? 
  shall i head over to / r/askhistorians and tell them that there is an idiot here who claims that the us were just `` helping out a tad '' in the vietnam war and it was all the fault of the french ? 
  are you denying that yousupplied weapons , and fought a war ? 
  are you denying that you prolonged it and help cause millions of dead ? 
  are you btw denying the bombings of laos and cambodja ? 
   the u.s. is not responsible for the civil war . 
  if any outside force was responsible for the war it was french colonialism . 
  oh , please !, 
  you did n't have to be there . 
  why were you there ? 
  the french had left . 
  you just need a war every decade . 
  a you are the worst kind , really . 
  seriously , the more i communicate with you the more i understand what an asshole and blind patriot you are . 
  you defend shooting people , murdering millions of them , bombing of civilians , changing borders , destroyed countries and overturning democracies . 
  that is so fucked up and cruel . 
  and to top it of , after all the millions of dead you have caused , * you * have the narcissistic nerver to complain about * your * suffering . 
  could you possibly be more self centered ? 
  `` buhu , we invade countries and while killing peasants they sometime shoot back and i stubbed my toe , or at least someone in my family did , buhu '' . 
  i think that is the most narcisstic rant i have ever heard . 
  you do n't have to be in wars you are in , you go in because you are power hungry cunts and then you complain . 
   not as many that died because of north vietnamese . 
  so just as many would have died had you not entered ? 
  the fact that you were there for 10 + years and started the war had nothing to do with it ? 
  that you trained the south vietnamese , gave them weapons , and yes , fought with them ? 
  just as many would have died and the war would have been just as long ? 
  bullshit of course . 
   i never said i was morally superior to you , or anyone . 
  vietnam is a sore spot for me yes , you did lecture me , and everyone else . 
  so , it was a stupid war unlike what - the glorious fight you have just fought in iraq when you kill peasants by the thousands ? 
   education spending in the us comes primarily from state and local governments , not the federal government . 
  again , you do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about . 
  sigh , you really do n't even manage to understand a bit about it do n't you . 
  in many , many states you are cutting it back , all the while constantly voting to keep war people like bush nr 2 in office , or why not the always peace loving tea party members in office . 
  you could of course vote for less spending on the military , and a certain minimum standards in schools , or support from the federal government or something , to make sure one keep the education up ... . not very likely that you do that , but you see , a lot of other countries think that way , if a school get to little and the results are to bad , it needs help , even if it is from the state ... germany for example give extra money to states that are to poor , to guarantee a minimum standard . 
  i guess you want to stay low on the oecd ranking though , keep them dumb . 
   vietnam is a sore spot for me get over it . 
  i serb lives with croats here , russians with estonians , you can fucking get over a war you were never in . 
   it was a stupid , horrible war , but i do n't appreciate being lectured to about it by someone who has no fucking connection to it . 
  i live close to a large community of vietnamese refugees who would tell you the same fucking thing , but perhaps b i do n't appreciate being lectured about wars , dictatorship from someone who fucking starts most of them , and then claim that * they * suffer . 
  why do you start the wars then ? 
  stop starting them , and we will stop lecturing them . 
  oh , and today i spoke to an iraq refugee , you know , the ones you do n't accept after fucking up their country completely . 
  i have a chilean and a iranian friend too . 
  please , explain to them , why you fucked up their countries !, 
  and , you , and your country is unlike me responsible for suffering in vietnam and iraq . 
  so , if you want to blame someone , look yourself in the mirror and ask * still * why you want to spend so much on the military , if you really could n't cut back . 
  i guess that sort of soul searching is to much for you however . 
   first of all , do n't lecture me on vietnam . 
  i have family members who died fighting that war , and i have vietnamese friends who had family members died , and others who spent years in `` reeducation camps '' after the war . 
  i can and i will . 
  wtf were you doing there !, 
  just another example how you just bring war and destruction on the planet , and do care about democracy , freedom , and how many get killed ( as long as it is not americans , that is the * only * thing you care about ) . 
  how many vietnamese people dies because of you ? 
  how many iraq people ? 
  why did you help force democratic elected presidents from power in iran , chile and other countries ? 
  tell , me , why * should n't * i lecture you ? 
  you behave like idiots most of the time , but accotding to * you * just because * you * have a relative there - * you * should n't be critiscised . 
  it is so narcissistic that i can hardly grasp it . 
  explain to me again in detail , why the us should escape criscism from behaving like cunts just because you have relatives somewhere . 
   assuming you 're swede who grew up in sweden , you have no clue what it 's like for your country , friends , and family to be involved in a war , and the sacrifices it entails . 
  again , so fucking us centric . 
  a ) just because you have relatives in a war does n't mean that you have suffered .
