  i agree . 
  however , i do think the ioc should take the treatment of lbgt - people into account when they decide the next venue . 
  however , i doubt they will . 
  if i have understood the ioc correct they are a corrupt bunch that sells it to the highest bidder . 
  no , he wanted the games to be held somewhere else . 
  when i said you had the weather for it i compared it to sweden :-) . 
  we have at least 4-5 months when you really ca n't bike , to much snow . 
  that sounds smart . 
  i do not think swedish trains are allowed to carry weapons . 
  true . 
  i just thought that no englishman would know what `` banta '' is . 
  i do n't think that fairy tale is as strong over here . 
  it is good , preferably eaten with lingonberries . 
  it is very good meat , tasty , lean and most definitely ecological . 
  what did the media write ? 
  the swedish king ( or norwegian/finnish ) but i imagine santa would n't like it . 
  it 's true carnage . 
  i 'll post a picture when i am on my phone . 
  also , in the spirit of reindeers - i once served reindeer to an englishman who , when he found out was he was eating asked `` i am eating rudolph ? '', 
  sometimes the trains up north accidentally drives into reindeer herds . 
  that 's a true bloody carnage , hundreds of reindeers can die . 
  we say `` banta '' , which means loose weight/go on a diet ( to diet/att banta ) . 
  that comes from the englishman william banting who lived in the 19th century and was told to go on a diet by his doctor . 
  he did , and lost weight . 
  i have no idea how his last name manage to cross the north see and become a synonym for diet , but it did . 
  because you have that sort of weather that makes it possible for you to bike almost all of the year ? 
  i think the can kill red deer , but i do not think it is common . 
  more likely to kill the young deers perhaps . 
  and yes , the wildcats would disappear , without a doubt . 
  it is like a poor elk that swam over to denmark from sweden and immediately got run over by a train . 
  what sort of deers . 
  lynx works to , with smaller deers . 
  however , you will also see a sharp decrease in cats then , so maybe reddit will kill me for suggesting that . 
  for fucks sake , you are not socrates , and you did n't even attempt to understand what i wrote , or consider it . 
  what more , you could have read through it , and said `` hmm , i do not understand that thing about internal devaluation and ask me to link to that '' . 
  by asking me to link to everything , you are just being a dick . 
   i 'm sorry that you see the socratic method of questioning such received knowledge as being `` determined to be a dick '' i am sorry that you are so full of yourself that you think what you are doing is the socratic method . 
  i am also sorry that you are a dick, 
  no , unfortunately . 
  we have around 2000 in sweden , but they are very , very shy . 
  in fact , they did a test where they tried walking towards tagged bears , and the bears alwys run off , always , or hid . 
  i think they did it 500 or thousand times , trying to behave like normal people . 
  not even a bear sighting . 
  it is a fond wish of mine to see bears , wolverines , lynx and wolves when i am out in the swedish forest . 
  i think that one is a myth , unfortunately . 
  what does the fra lag has to do with obama 's peace price ? 
  seriously , i am a science student and can link to high heavens , but i was n't aware that i was handing in an essay . 
  also , what i am saying is generel knowledge . 
  i was trying to explain and be nice , why i thought you were wrong about and what the differences were between spain and swden , but but you are determined to be rude . 
  you have n't even read it , for fucks sake , perhaps you could have asked me to clarify then if it was something you did n't get , like the internal devaluation of areas within currency unions , or if how well sweden was doing five years after the broke out , for comparison to spain . 
  i am not talking magic , it is well established everything i say . 
  instead you seem determined to be a dick , critisize , determined to fight . 
  good bye . 
  good luck for spain, 
  bit ? 
  i would be far more afraid of being kicked . 
  there actually was a swedish woman who got kicked to death by a moose a few years ago . 
   yours was a banking crisis . 
  no , it was not . 
  it was just one of the many symptoms . 
  we had , for decades , increased our taxes and salaries , and benefits , plus costs for the companies ( they paid more and more in taxes ) , read up for example on the [ transaction tax ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_financial_transaction_tax ) which is just one of the many fun taxes we had ( by the way , you are going for it now , have fun ) . 
  a standard solution for the swedish government was also to devalue the krona . 
  so , the crises was deep , and across the board . 
  and , whether a currency was overvalued or not , it helped our export industry tremendously , and helped us to getting some breathing space , to get some air under our wings . 
  the swedish recovery was actually rather swift , and fast , seeing how deep down we were . 
  i think it is fun that you tell me to read up about things you clearly have no clue about . 
  it is also fun that you are comparing spain to sweden . 
  the reason spain is in the shitters right now is not because of anything the spanish people/government has done . 
  sure , you might have had a banking crises and a few bad years , and the corruptions is to high , but that is not why you are where you are at right now . 
  spain is in the slumps because of the euro . 
  you decided to take part in the most imperfect of currency unions , the euro , and what you are experiencing now is internal devaluation . 
  the goods you previously sold are to expensive for other countries to by , and the spanish productivity ( no do n't accuse me of saying you are lazy , there 's a difference between lazy and productive ) is far too low to compete with the likes of the netherlands and germany . 
  that way , you are trying to press down the costs in the only way left to you - by pushing labour costs down . 
  horrible , but basic economics . 
  head over to / r/economics and see what they say about the euro ... .  hould be a bit more understanding of other countries that find themselves in the same position . 
  sweden and spain are not the same , in that we are/were not in the same position . 
  sweden had a few , but * enormous * advantages we had our own currency and could make our own financial deciscions . 
  we also have what is now probably the most indepent central bank in the world ( we were determined to never be in the same position again , so we modelled it after the former bundesbank , in fact it is so independent that it is frequently critiscised for it , people wish it could be a bit more like the fed , or the bank of england ) . 
  so , we could control our own destiny . 
  spain can not , they have no choice but to keep up the austerity , unemployment etc. 
  sweden had choices . 
  yes , our money was worth less , but we had jobs again . 
  i think a lot of spanish people would choose that route , if they could , but you can not . 
  you have the euro . 
  in fact , * had * we been the same , you would have been well on your way to recovery now . 
  five years after our crises broke out , we were well on our way to recovery . 
  you are not , because of the euro . 
  frankly , imagine if you have had the oppurtunity to lower the currency and get some breathing space , some air , so the companies could start selling again , unemployment dow . 
  it would be great to get some air under the wings again , would n't it ? 
  some breathing space . 
  it is not the whole solution , system needs to be changed , but it is easier changing them while unemployment is going down , belive me , and people have hope again . 
  that said , i do not wish the spanish people to be unemployed and spain to go down in the shitters , but as long as you are in the euro i do not see how you can avoid it . 
  your choice i guess . 
  personally i think you should leave the euro ( not the eu ) . 
  it is all rather standard economics 101 what is happening in spain . 
  that is also the reason why it will stay bad for you for at least another decade , i guess two three decades . 
  i 'd take my chances with the pesetas . 
   `` corrupt southern countries '' so , they are not ? 
  my tax money will be just as well spent in greece as in finland ? 
  there is absolutely no risk for sweden in handing over more descion making to the eu ?
