  because it was around that time the connection between inflation and unemployment collapsed . 
  before one thought you choose one or another , around the oil crises it collapsed , one could have both . 
  and , frankly , i guess you do not know this but a lot have happened in the economy and the research following since 1974 ... . . a lot . 
  but i guess that is all the data you have that says 10 % , everyone else says higher . 
  and you do say it says * minimum * . 
  which is a very good reason in itself to look for newer research . 
  and i will * happily * post information from for example the german unification as soon as i am off my phone . 
  do you speak german ? 
  how much info do you want about the costs ? 
  but i know how it is . 
  you are always wanting greece to have more money , and , like most pro euro persons trying to avoid all the uncomfortable questions , like legality , facts and treaties . 
  even with a 20 % gdp transfer , if we compromise , it is still illegal , would still require public votes , political integration etc - so , why do n't you and your pro euro friends fix that ? 
  when is the public vote to pool all debt for euro countries and change the treaty ? 
  it is from 1974 . 
  before the euro , around the oil crises . 
  do you have something from this millennia ? 
  it was a swedish carrier i believe , but i do n't remember the name . 
  10 % is * not * enough !, 
  and i said ok , 30 % , which you very well know . 
  as i said , look at the federal tax in germany and the us . 
  around 30 % . 
  do you want links perhaps ? 
  and do not accuse me of creating strawmen . 
  please , back up your statement of 10 % , in accordance with a decent currency union , pooled debt , shared responsibility for social services etc. 
  or , do you want a calculation on how many * trillions * germany have spent on ddr to get them up to speed ? 
  how many trillions does the south need ? 
  and who will cover that ? 
  obviously , the north . 
  we 've had this discussion before and you know very well that the euro is extremely bad and you need common taxation , common politics etc , financial integration etc. 
  how dare you call that a strawman . 
  i think it is you who are really do not want to admit that you do need common taxation , you * do * need pooled debt , etc. 
  i do n't want it , not at all , but it is the way to go if you want to have a proper currency . 
  the euro is very bad . 
  sweden would vote no anyway but i will not stop the finns from pooling their debt with the greeks . 
  besides , on this forum more than half of the people fall asleep dreaming sweet dreams about federal europe . 
  well , live the dream then . 
  pool your debt and send 30 % of your gdp to brussels and make sure you guarantee each others pensions , schools etc. 
  i think the us and germany had 30 % . 
  and of course the shared debt . 
  and making sure that the finns pay the portuguese pensions , the dutch southern italy , etc. 
  it does n't , but it benefits the eurozone . 
  if everyone loves the eurozone so much , and the euro , why not start acting like a true currency . 
  the current euro is not working because there are only monetary integration , no fiscal , financial , political . 
  so , instead , start pooling the debt , send 40 % of the gdp to brussels so they can divide it among the ez countries etc. 
  `` the celebration '' , the danish movie is also called `` jagten '' should n't it be `` festen '' , if they are referring to the movie where the son have two speeches , by tomas vinterberg.jagten means `` the hunt '' , does n't it ? 
  or is there a danish movie called jagten ? 
  it will not just be germany , trust me . 
  i think a change of the rules requires 26 countries or so to say yes . 
  but even if i am wrong i do n't see the current northern countries saying yes . 
  and why should they ? 
  i mean , i see the need , but that is not what the north ( or the south ) signed up for , they feel cheated as well . 
  they never signed up for covering debt , money transfers , bailouts , inflation etc. 
  i am tired of the ez countries going on like this . 
  i think they should either go for it - clear financial , monetary and political integration , and a proper currency union , or that some countries should quit . 
  whether it is the north or the south , does n't really matter , but what one should n't do it going on , in this half assed way , fixing nothing . 
  yes , but those rules will never happen . 
  also , no one cares anything about the rules really , look at the growth and stability pact . 
  i do n't want to change , i am arguing that one should follow them . 
  tou are the one wanting to transfer money to the south , through eib for example , not me . 
  so instead of coming up with bad ideas like that why do n't you change the rules instead ? 
  you are still not answering that one ? 
  are you afraid , or why do n't you ? 
  and , btw . 
  i know , and i said they could go up to that . 
  read my comment , please . 
  but , not above , and as i said , lending money to the eib is not a good idea , it is a bad idea . 
  the ecb should n't try to bend or go outside the rules , they should follow them . 
  and , if you do not like them , explain again why you ca n't change them through a demcratic process instead of trying to bend them ? 
  so if you print , and get and inflation of 4 % for example , is that ok ? 
  it is n't . 
  i am aware that they can go up until 2 % , but that is really not enough to fix the debt , and the eurozone . 
  also , going up above 2 % that is because of countries like greece can not manage it debt then , as well . 
  that is bending the rules , really . 
  not the way to behave . 
  it is possible that they can lend to eib but a ) it is a european union bank , not a eurozone bank . 
  are the ecb going to lend money so that romania and sweden gets more investements ? 
  b ) that is trying to go outside of the rules , bending them because obviously you want the money to go to greece , portugal et al. 
  that is not for a central bank to behave , try to bend the rules like that , and there is absolutely no guarantee that it would work , none . 
  what caused for example greece to be non competitive , and have low productivity , is still there . 
  the bureacracy , the corruption etc. 
  that has to change first . 
  furthermore , i am not sure how the eib work , but i guess that they have to approve the ideas and also designate a certain percentage to each country . 
  it sounds really expensive then , because the countries you want to help is 5-6 countries , not the 28 that are the customers of eib . 
  and finally , why do n't you just change the rules instead , in the democratic process that has been decided ? 
  the low inflation is hardly the cause of the current situation , nor is it the solution . 
  the current situation is cause by letting countries in the euro that should n't be there , no one following any rules and above all , having an extremely badly constructed currency and far too diverse economies . 
  none of that has to do with inflation . 
  seriously , the ecb can go up to 2 % and perhaps they should , but it is not like it will solve the cause of the crises . 
  they are not allowed to and ecb should follow its own rules . 
  if the member states want that to happen , they can of course , the rules can be changed through a democratic process . 
  the ecb should not decide this on its own . 
  one ca n't have a central bank that do not care about its directives . 
  so , until there 's a change of rules - no . 
  but if all member states wants it and change the rules - of course . 
  no , not really . 
  i mean , you are right about we electing our politicians etc , but everybody is most definitely not in denial . 
  every day there is a battle about immigrants at r/sweden and there is to such a degree that people have seriously asked if we can keep it to one post/day or something . 
  i was just trying to be nice so if you are into guys you do n't have to look at the females etc. 
  yes , in sweden that would be called kidnapping ... . and i agree with the `` they believe optimal '' . 
  of course they are not optimal.i am not defending the unions in general .
