  besides , husby et al get * more * money , much more than the average bruksort/small city + is in stockholm , with the lowest unemployment in sweden . 
  so , the facts are against you - do not blame it on unemployment or lack of education . 
  excuse me , have you seen the criminal history of some of these so called `` kids '' . 
  how many arrest , robberies , beating up other people etc do you need before you start calling them what they are - criminals . 
  nor are most of them under 18 either . 
  call them criminal grown ups , that is what they are . 
  i prefer old zealand . 
  nah , just kidding , the new new zealanders i have met have been a friendly bunch . 
  ok , thank you . 
   these kids in stockholm are simply vandalizing , burning cars , and standing around shouting at the police . 
  how do we know there are kids ? 
  are n't a lot of them 18 and over ? 
   they also probably notice that society apparently does n't need or want their participation aside from serving `` the swedes '' some yummy kebab and cleaning their facilities when they get off work stop making up stuff . 
  source for that . 
  husby is one of those areas that get far more money than the average area as well , so society are investing a lot in these people , which is the opposite of what you are claiming . 
  i am not the one blaming it on ethnicity - you are . 
  your explanation does n't fit at all , which i have pointed out . 
  do n't blame it on me that the facts does n't fit your world view . 
  so you mean , that they are rioting because of their ethnicity ? 
   ethnic swedes are at around 5 % unemployment , among the highest in the world not in norrland , old `` bruksorter '' etc - so that excuse does not work . 
   a lot of people are unemployed , meanwhile , society is working fine  that affects self esteem , it creates an impression that they are n't needed or wanted by society and are just put away in suburbs to live their lives there same thing with norrlands inland , old bruksorter etc. 
  honestly you seem to be claiming a lot of different things - none of them backed up by any facts , unfortunately . 
  make up your mind - if you are going to blame it on umployment you will also have to explain why there are n't riots in inre norrland and every single old bruksort in sweden . 
  otherwise - your explanations does n't hold . 
  also , you are obviously ignoring the fact that one have a personal responsibility and these people are assholes and idiots . 
   what other reason could they possibly have ... wanting attention , being criminal idiots who want to destroy things and are just making up excuses for being assholes ? 
   nope and i think you know why , you are n't in a society full of bill gates et al and you are not singled out in that society as the only one who reliably never reaches success . 
  define success . 
  no , they are , just like norrlands inland , in * one of the most equal societies in the whole world , in one of the richest nations , in one of the richest areas , with the lowest employment etc * , and they actually have it a lot better than 99 % of the population in the world , and actually better than a lot of other people in sweden . 
  they are extremely spoiled brats . 
   they feel vulnerable and singled out , you can call them what you wan source for the fact that they feel vulnerable . 
  it seems to me that you are buying into the whole leftist side crap explanation . 
  i 'd like to see sources for your claims . 
   ayeh i should have been specific instead of using that word . 
  it can mean a lot of different things to different people . 
  it does , and people use it rather indiscriminently , that why i asked . 
  to me it conveys a picture of dictatorship , or at least aiming for a heavy militarised one leader state , and i do n't see \u00c5kesson aiming for that ( but i am sure you are right about the islam thing , although i doubt he would say that now ) . 
   perceived discrimination does not come from oecd statistics , a person in husby does n't care how people in norrland live or how unequal other countries are . 
  so , you mean , that they are rioting because what they perceive to be unfair ? 
  does n't that mean that everyone in the whole world , who is not as rich as bill gates et al can riot ? 
  what you are also saying is not unequality , you are talking about * perceived discrimination * . 
  you are basically saying that these people think they should have more money , more cars etc , and they think it is unfair that they do not have it , so they riot . 
   a society that is different from them in skin color and background , it creates a negative attitude towards society regardless of whether they actually have it the worst in that society or not ... that just makes them spoiled idiots . 
  they do not even have it the worse , but since they are not in the top , they riot . 
  that sounds like the most moronic , spoiled , criminal brats ever - and the worst excuse ever . 
  besides - oecd statistic * does * matter . 
  however , maybe not to the spoiled brats you are discribing , but i doubt they are capable of taking any responisibility ever . 
   fascist and racist . 
  how are they fascists ? 
  i know they are racist , but they are `` cleaning that up '' a bit ( do n't now when you moved from sweden ) , but i do n't really know what you mean with fascist . 
  of course we are affected , i agree with you there , but we have managed to keep our head above water , and basically have continous growth , etc , which is , in comparison to some other countries , rather ok . sweden has a small economy that is dependent on trade so we are affected by the world economy . 
  we can not run the world economy - i do n't believe that , i honestly do not believe anyone can , although institutions like the fed for example obviously has a huge impact . 
  i also do not agree with jms3r 's idea that unequality is the root of these riots . 
  if they were , the riots would take part in inner norrland ( the northern part of sweden ) where the unemployment is high , income low etc. 
  i would not say that sweden has n't been affected , but we managed to keep our head above water , and have growth for example . 
  i guess it depends on who you compare with - in comparison with spain , portugal etc we are doing brilliant , slightly better than finland and france but bad in comparison to china , brazil etc. 
  if inequality was the issue , the riots would be in norrland . 
  there are areas there with much higher unemployment , low income etc , than in husby . 
  besides , sweden is one of the most equal countries in the world . 
  all other countries that are not as equal do not have riots . 
  so , do not blame in on unequality . 
  i wonder what the uk , ireland , us etc would get ? 
  he is quite entertaining . 
  i am a bit envious , our royals are not really fun at all . 
  here are more quotes by him : [ link ] ( http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/prince-philip-quotes-relive-65-1445185 ) . 
  `` cats kill far more birds than men . 
  why do n't you have a slogan : ` kill a cat and save a bird ? ''' i wonder if that quote will make reddit hate him and turn on him . 
  i find him very entertaining . 
  innocent ? 
  he was running around wielding a machete , threatening people . 
  the police was called by neighbours . 
  i do not know how you define innocent , but he was n't exactly sitting by his table , drinking coffe , and the police decided to burst in and kill him , since they had nothing better to do ... . . 
  i know she was german/jewish , but did n't she write in dutch ? 
  thanks . 
  she has been very hyped here ( with good reason from what i hear , have n't read her myself ) but i thought she was estonian . 
  maybe it is because one of her books is set in estonia . 
  you can not think of an author named de vries ? 
  if you wrote larsson or lindgren about sweden , i would at least assume you were trying to name astrid lindgren or stieg larsson , for example , even if those names are common . 
  but , to help you , i mean the author who wrote the book `` childrens bible '' , we had that at home . 
  add to that anything with gun - gun , gunl\u00f6g , gunnar etc ing - ingvar , ingold , ingeborg , henning , grim , katla , bj\u00f6rn , bonus : sami names like ante and eira . 
  there are a lot of nordic names out there, 
  i also think someone like [ simon wiesenthal ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/simon_wiesenthal ) who grew up in [ galicia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/galicia_%28eastern_europe%29 ) , eastern europe , can be attributed to something like six countries or so ( austria , poland , ukraine etc ) . 
  since i am an avid reader , i tried to make this about books : ireland : oscar wilde , seamus heaney , james joyce , england : shakespeare , winston churchill and agatha christie scotland : sir walter scott , iceland : laxness , indridason ( ? 
  ) , snorrir sturlasson norway : knut hamsun , ibsen , lie denmark : kirkegaard , jussi adler olson , peter hoeg finland : runeberg , v\u00e4ino linna , paasilina the netherlands : anne frank , de vries belgium : simenon france : hugo , voltaire , proust spain : cervantes , jose cela , portugal : saramago , italy : dante , machiavelli , primo levi estonia : oksanen latvia : lithuania : hungary : kertez poland : szymborska , lem , milosz rumania : bulgaria : canetti , or is that cheating ? 
  czech : kafka , or is that cheating ? , kundera , slovenia croatia albania slovakia greece : platon , herodototos , sapfo serbia : ivo andric macedonia malta : cyprus russia : dostojevski , tolstoy , brodsky germany : b\u00f6ll , g\u00f6the , schiller austria : freud , musil , zweig switzerland : d\u00fcrrenmatt luxemburg : lichtenstein : malta : cyprus ukraine : damn , this was harder than i thought . 
  i know for example that i have read far more writers , but now i can not remember the names or attribute them to a country . 
  i feel uneducated now . 
  i also suppose my spelling is horrible . 
  those who know people from countries that i have failed to point out , feel free to correct me . 
  perhaps , but i meant `` how many germans/norwegians/finns / bulgarians/dutch etc would leave the country to find work abroad '' . 
  i think a comparison would be interesting . 
  i would find it interesting if they had numbers from other european countries to compare with . 
  so , give me the statistic then please . 
  i still do not see the links . 
  i just see your ideas , without any back up . 
  besides , saying that a healthy lifestyle is * completely independent * from the health care system is wrong . 
  furthermore , a lot of people die in cancer . 
  it is very good of sweden being good at that . 
  it is not a tiny little thing , it is a good indicator . 
  statistics of course .
