  you can not have a federation without permanent transfers . 
  how are you going to a ) change the treaty ? 
  b ) get all the countries to sign up for that ? 
  c ) get all the nations to abandon their own nations ? 
  i can say right now that i know my country would say no and i think one has to be mad to get uk to agree to that . 
  furthermore - germany will not sign up being responsible for the economy of europe , no way . 
  or are you suggesting a federation without transfers ? 
  you just ca n't have one thing and not the other . 
  end of nation states and someone to transfer money but not decide over the other country ? 
  does n't work that way . 
  and what is a common problem ? 
  most of us do not have problems with the finances , yet eu is pushing for bailouts and bank saves and hod knows what . 
  i am not defending malmstr\u00f6m , i disagree with her and i am an eu critic but not totally against it . 
  i think each country should have their own laws and cooperate around research , education environment . 
  but one has to understand , that she is a perfect example of what united states of europe would be . 
  i refuse to take responsibility for malmstr\u00f6m . 
  we sent her down there for a reason :-) . 
  honestly , actually i see her as eupean . 
  she belongs to the most pro euro party we have in sweden , folkpartiet . 
  i ca n't come up with anything they do not want to do on a european level , including stuff like military , gun laws , well , absolutely everything . 
  so , something like this is totally in line with their thinking . 
  i expect all those who want a more integrated europe loves her . 
  she champions permanent transfers , end of nation states , one military etc. 
  i do not like her , but i expect most of this subreddit does , since they seem to want integration . 
  i hope you never get a in a truly bad snowstorm . 
  i guess the risk is pretty small though for it to happen , in belgium which i guess is why you can have the law . 
  it could happen in germany , france and austria though , it gets cold in the mountains . 
  i have been outside when it has been bitterly cold and windy and `` hid '' my face . 
  it is not illegal just to cover your face , heck , when it is cold a lot of people do that . 
  however , you might not participate in certain activities then , for example demonstrations . 
  it seems to be a taboo in most euro countries . 
  they refuse to discuss how wrongfully constructed the euro is , or the enormous problems the euro has caused . 
  i do n't have or want or support the euro . 
  however , usually it is suggested that the poorer countries leave first , not the other way around . 
  i think a return to the lira is good for italy, 
  i think it was interesting that they suggested that the rich countries should leave first . 
  i think it would be better the other way around . 
  i honestly do not think most of our politicians are corrupt . 
  maybe not too bright all of the time , and annoying perhaps , but most of them are not corrupt i believe, 
  in god 's name , i have no idea what your talking about . ? 
  what anti-euro , etc ? 
  post serious links please . 
  i have access to university , so i can read all economics magazines , science journals . 
  it is like you are arguing with your head , not with me . 
  you seem to have already made up my arguments , claiming things * i have never said * . 
  and , why are you so afraid of answering question ? 
  could you * please * answer them . 
  do you consider the euro a good currency area . 
  yes or no ? 
  if no , what is wrong and how are you going to go about changing it . 
  in detail and links please . 
  and , if no , then it is a bad currency union , so you have to admit i am right when i am saying that . 
   or said differently : the belief spaniards can never be as productive and economically stable as germans . 
  no , that is a lie , i have never said that , nor is it corresponding with what we know about curency unions . 
  you are making images in your head that has nothing to do with reality . 
  so , are you saying that the euro is a decent/good/working ( not perfect ) currency union or not . 
  yes or no . 
  if no , what changes needs to be made ? 
  how are you going to go about to get them made ? 
  yes , i know . 
  and , if he slaps her back , or just shoves her away , stopping her from hitting him , he is the asshole . 
  women should learn not to hit men too , just as men should not hit women . 
   if a man is assaulted by a very attractive woman , people either assume he 's lying , or make jokes about how they 'd love to be assaulted by her if you know what i mean wink wink , or assume the guy must be gay if he objects , etc. 
  i know several men who has been sexually assaulted as children/young adults and i remember one saying that he was thinking that he was an weakling just because he felt bad afterwards . 
  he was 13 and had just had sex with a + 40 woman , he thought he was supposed to be happy because he 'd `` done it '' . 
  he said it took him years to even admit to himself that it was rape . 
  even if the shame is the same , i think it might be easier for a girl/woman to admit it to herself at least , than for a guy . 
  nor would anyone suggest that a 13 year old girl was lucky if a man , 40 + slept with her . 
   here you are just wrong . 
  my male friends are much more sympathetic to me or any other men showing weakness than any of the women i know . 
  it 's the women that ask us to just suck it up . 
  that is your opinion , not mine . 
  could it be because probably your best friends are men ? 
  different strokes i suppose . 
  you obviously have n't understood the study . 
  it does n't speak about the magnitude , but the frequency . 
  as in , a man is a likely to have something physically done to him , a slap , a push , pinch , something thrown at him , as a women is . 
  that does n't mean that the consequences are not worse when a man does the same to a woman , he is generally stronger and more likely to injure her . 
  however , one should not disregard the fact that men can be beaten up and abused too , but i think they are far less likely to report it , due to fear of not being taken serious and the perception of `` what a man should be like '' . 
  well , then the opposition should say it has already happened , the dutch star is not more , it has been replaced by bulgaria , romania or some other country they ca n't stand . 
  i wonder if they like that or not . 
  thanks . 
   withdrawal from the european union  return to the guilder ( old dutch currency ) and stop using the euro i think he and le pen have the same idea there . 
  i honestly think that their co-operation will be very good for the both of them . 
   abolish the european parliament and no working together to any eu activity our green party has that one too , and it just annoys me . 
  it is one thing if one do not want to be in the eu , but demanding that everyone else abolish it as well , that just make no sense . 
   ask the eu to remove the `` dutch '' star in the european flag wow , that one is fascinating in its idiocy . 
  he really seem to know how to pritoritise . 
  ca n't someone just pretend it has been replaced with an identical star but for croatia or something :-) . 
  it almost surprises me , he does not seem like a stupid man , and that demand is just stupid . 
   all pretty populist one-liners without much content . 
  true , i guess he does n't follow up on any consequences or how to do it . 
  i agree . 
  honestly , i have more respect for a politician who 'd say for example `` yes , we do have some problems with immigrants , the right wing populists are correct about that . 
  but they are also exaggerating about a , but b is somewhat right . 
  c is wrong '' . 
  i have no solution to a yet , but i suggest this for b etc '' . 
  it is ok not to have every single answer , but calling everyone against further integration a nationalist or everyone who worries about immigration a racist etc is just wrong . 
  i really think we brought this upon ourselves . 
  because it is easier to fearmonger than to actually admit that the eu has huge flaws and problems that are not being addressed .
