  and have been doing since forever . 
  why ca n't they pay for their own roads ? 
  for how many more decades are the north permanently going to transfer money to the south ? 
  a federation would just make that transfer bigger , and more permanent . 
   but somehow i don \u00b4 t think that is a very popular idea or even conceivable today . 
  i 'd vote no at least , but i agree with you , they have to do something . 
  however , until that time , i hardly think the solution is a currency union completely without rules . 
  it is fascinating to watch though . 
  extremely happy that we are not in it . 
   they promised that the deficit would be falling . 
  ok , remembered wrong then . 
   the debt is not likely to go anywhere unless the economy grows . 
  but is n't the debt * supposed * to be falling ? 
  or have the euro countries just given up on the rules completely and decided to have a currency union without rules . 
  i find the latter rather fascinating . 
  not even a kilt on a warm summers eve in scotland/ireland ? 
  i have seen prince charles wearing them ... . . skirts are the best , far more airy than shorts . 
  and i have nice legs too , so it works . 
  so poland , slovakia , sweden and austria ? 
  i thought germany has been doing well too . 
  estonia ? 
  well , those that i have seen goes away to areas i ca n't see and have at least plastic hanging over and touching them . 
  then they start at a moments notice , and they have bags on them that fall over . 
  some of them sort of go down as well . 
  i mean , i do not think the mother murdered her child , but i 'd rather put my baby ( do n't have one , but my niece/nephew ) on my shirt on the floor in a corner ( at that age one always carries a baby bag i think , so one can change on them outside of the home with a blanket thingie they can lie on ) , and stand over them , than on the baggage carousel . 
  or , one just holds on to them , no matter how much they scream or smell , until you can put them down safely , even if the whole airport hates you . 
  i have done that at least , but in a store . 
  but i do not want to put them on something where they all of a sudden can disappear from me . 
  that is the biggest no no i can think of . 
  a screaming child is an alive child , silence and gone is far worse . 
   but an imperfect market situation . 
  true , my answer was a bit simplistic , i admit to that . 
  the supply demand is due to the imperfect market . 
   but , at long term , these benefits would attract new suppliers , thus creating a new equilibrium . 
   then : a ) not enough time has elapsed for new suppliers to enter the market , b ) every year there 's always an unpredictable increase of demand , c ) a monopolistic situation/barriers to the market exist . 
  or a little bit of all them , right ? 
  a bit of all i 'd say . 
  it is an imperfect market , as in you have to be a brewery within the city of munich to sell at the oktoberfest . 
  not that easy market to enter . 
  also , it only goes on for 16 days , which increases the demand , and the audience who pays for the beer might not be the same audience who pays for the beer at the local pub in schwabing . 
  sort of like we all have been guilty for paying x number of money more for an expensive coffee near a landmark ( spanish stairs , trafalgar square or just anything ) while a five minutes walk probably would have brought us better and cheaper coffee . 
  however , we want to sit there and look at times square and pretend we live there , so we pay more . 
  i guess one includes the image too . 
  ( and oktoberfest is really fun too :-) . 
  i am happy i went there before i stopped drinking beer due to being gluten intolerant ) . 
  well , it is up to the mods , but the real title was `` public masturbation not a crime : swedish court '' , which is technically right , in a journalism sort of way i guess . 
  it most certainly was n't a landmark trial , nor is it declared legal in any way . 
  i had read it before at r/economics , and what it proved was that the author is an idiot . 
  who the hell puts a baby on the baggage carousel ? 
  i mean , was the parent mentally disturbed or high on drugs or something because that is the only reason i can come up with with why anyone would do it . 
  not an excuse mind you , just an explanation . 
  or they wanted to kill their baby . 
  yes , the loss is on him . 
  i would n't take this case as a sure thing that one can masturbate on swedish public beaches ... 
  i hope and pray that they will remove the `` n\u00e4mndem\u00e4n '' apart from cases like freedom of expression etc. 
  apperently it was something that it was n't aimed at particular persons ... . i think , as you say that it would have been smarter to charge him with `` f\u00f6rargelsev\u00e4ckande beteende '' which is similar to indicent exposure . 
  instead the prosecutor choose sexual assault . 
  assault has to be `` aimed '' towards someone apparently , so that is why the prosecutor lost . 
  btw , if you were meaning to link something , you forgot i belive . 
  i am not saying that it is , i said it was better compared to the ** 80 's ** . 
  discrimination has decreased , * despite * economic downturns . 
  i am sorry , i do not see that combination . 
  violence/discrimination in sweden against gay people have slowly lowered and the toleration for such behaviour has become lower over time as well . 
  compare the 80 's to know for example - the 80 's were rich and tolerated lbgtq discrimination far , far more , than sweden does today , despite obvious economic downturns in between . 
  it has to do with education and the willingness of society and people to change their views . 
  apparently some do not want to change and/or educate . 
  human rights are based on what is a human . 
  science can help you . 
  it is funny because you want scientific evidence from me , yet your argument is `` i have a lot of friends '' . 
  take a look at poland for example . 
  the catholic church has been extremely involved in not allowing abortions , as in malta . 
  google it , i am on my phone . 
  furthermore , your ignore the argument that people who are not allowing abortions are teaming up with the catholic church . 
  that is a dance with the devil and i wonder how you can defend that they are legitimising an argali satin that are so discriminating , so non democratic ? 
  why ca n't a church be democratic ? 
  our churches are . 
  countries with almost as big as the church are . 
  how can you support non democratic organisations ? 
  why ca n't the be ? 
  it is also discriminating not offering gay people marry . 
  they have less rights than straight people - discriminating if women are so important to the church we should be allowed to be priest . 
  i so backwards of you to claim `` women are important '' while simultaneously refusing them influence and power . 
  popes can change things . 
  allow female popes . 
  who gives a shit if jesus was a man-lutheran churches and anglican churches are fine with female priest . 
  you just choose to discriminate women !, 
  i am not filled with hatred . 
  i do not belong to a organisation who discriminates half of the population . 
  i am not the one discriminating gays . 
  i do not rape children and cover it up for decades . 
  i do not see millions dying of aids in africa and still claim condoms should be forbidden . 
  you are . 
  thanks . 
  perhaps you can teach malta , ireland , poland and austria a thing or two . 
  but why is preventing abortions so important to the irish ? 
  catholic church ? 
  are irish people that religious ? 
  and why ? 
  the catholic church discrimnates gays , and women ? 
  the are against all forms of birth control and are the biggest hypocrites you can find .
