  can you blame them ? 
   why on earth would poland willingly abandon their own , maybe smaller but sea-worthy zloty vessel to board a burning ship at sea ? 
  they do right not to , certainly until the flames are out and that particular ship is burning so ever so fierce and bright . 
  you are preaching to the choir , but i wonder if the eurozone sees it that way . 
  no , it is not the companies responsibility to supply greece , or any other country for that matter . 
  even if it were so , i think the companies should should start with countries way worse off than greece like north korea , south sudan , kongo , burma etc. 
  it is the responsibility of the greek state , and if they ca n't manage that , they have to ask for help . 
  we ( sweden ) have that problem too , and the question is not if , but when our housing bubble is going to burst . 
  one thing that they have done is one can no longer borrow 100 % to finance buying a house/apartment , it is 85 % now . 
  anders borg , our finance minister is talking about more ways to stop people from indebting themselves . 
  how are the dutch going about this ? 
  it would be interesting to hear . 
  buying sex is illegal . 
   do n't tell me they were so naive as to expect their prosecutor to be an upstanding paragon of civil rectitude . 
  sort of yes , swedes can be very naive . 
  also , to a certain extent , those people i know in the legal system , do try to live `` legal '' lives . 
  i mean , no illegal maids , not driving to fast , not letting repairs be done illegaly etc.just because they know it has reprecussions if they do n't , or if it comes out . 
  and , frankly , if they ca n't follow the law , how can anyone else . 
  yes , it is a crime to buy sex . 
  personally i do n't like the law , but it is the law , which a prosecutor knows . 
   ` feminism ' now ? 
  men can sell sex too ... . 
  buying sex is illegal in sweden , and has been since 1999 . 
  whether one likes that law or not , a prosecutor can hardly claim ignorance of the law ( which is not a valid defence anyway ) . 
  a prosecutor , should follow the law , it is that simple . 
  i guess he will be fined , and maybe fired . 
  it will be interesting to see what happens with his career . 
  it was an interesting point of view , thank you . 
   can you show me some documentation that swedes lived in northern scandinavia before saami ? 
  n of course , but i think i have to give you some background on swedish ancient history first , since it odes not seem to be your forte . 
  so , northern europe , in particular the nordic countries were covered in ice , during the last ice age , around 11 000 years ago . 
  that ice slowly `` disappeared '' . 
  you can read about it [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/last_glacial_period#wisconsin_glaciation.2c_in_north_america ) ( scroll down to the weichselian glaciation ) . 
  the ice melted from the south . 
  that means , when people followed , they came from the south ( since one obviously could n't live on a several hundred meter thick glacier only ) . 
  by pure survival/geography , one had to come from the south . 
  it just struck me , that perhaps you do not even know that the sami people immigrated from the north ? 
  whether there were people there before the ice age , we will never know . 
  all possible traces disappeared under kilometers of ice . 
  those first people who came , slowly reclaiming the land from the south , were hunter/gathers , and they stayed hunter gather , particularely up north for a long time . 
  when southern europe were discussing plato , we were still hunter gatherers mostly . 
  and , when agriculture came , it came for where it actually could work , what is now scania , s\u00f6dermanland etc , in south of sweden - up north the swedes there stayed hunter gatherers . 
  if you have been to northern sweden , you can see it is not exactly the most suitable land for growning wheat/potateos - anything really . 
  also , like all hunter gatherers , they left fewer traces , and lived in smaller groups etc - that is the same story of hunter gathers everywhere , they do n't exactly build cities . 
  however , fewer traces do not mean any traces . 
  i think the oldest archeological evidence from norrland ( which is the part of sweden where the sami mostly lives ) is from around 7000-8000 years ago , and shows a traditional hunter gatherer society , who later supplements it with agriculture , but perhaps not agriculture in the modern sense . 
  and , what is important to our discussion , those traces , are not sami . 
  everything points to , logically , geologically and archelogically that sweden was populated from the south , but groups of hunter gaterers . 
  these people were not sami , and of course there a multitides of findings from this , obviusly not just one little stone ax . 
  also , the findings are over several thousands of years , it is not just one little hunter strolling by , people lived and died there for several thousands of years , and they arrrived as soon as it was technically possible , after the ice melted . 
  these people were the forefathers of the swedes . 
  at some point , several thousand years later , between 4000-3000 years ago ( they do not know when ) the sami arrives . 
  the archeologist can see this too . 
  they were also hunter gatherers , and they had reindeers ( but not in the way they have now , they just had 1-2 `` family '' reindeer ) . 
  so , they came way after the swedes . 
  what is interesting , is also that the sami folk tales , talks about the `` storvuxna folket '' - the `` big/tall people '' , who were there when they arrived . 
  so , as you can see , swedes were there first . 
  but please , do not take my word for it , here are some links to entertain you . 
  some of them you might have to run trough google translate . 
  interesting article in swedish about the new archeological findings in `` norrlands inland '' which is the inner part of norhtern sweden , probably around 2/3 of sweden actually . 
  he ( the professor in archeology ) claims they were not the first . 
  however , he ( like me ) think that is not relevant for the discussion , since if one has been somewhere long enough , they should have rights . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.namforsen.com/default.asp?path=22553&amp;pageid=32598 ) are some of the people he is referring to btw . 
  [ here ( http://www.tv4.se/sveriges-historia/artiklar/historieprofessorn-dick-harrison-chattade-med-tittarna-4fbfa82104bf725194004efb ) is a chat with a famous ( in sweden ) professor in history . 
  what i like is this answer to the question `` is there anything that supports the claim that the sami were the first people in sweden '' . 
  he answers - `` no , nothing '' . 
  [ here is another link that just confirms what i said , that the people came from the south ] ( http://www.solleftea.se/upplevagora/kultur/museergallerierkonst/sollefteamuseum/sollefteahistoria/deforstamanniskorna.4.7a37658d13ab861ebe835d.html ) [ here ] ( http://link.springer.com/article/10.1007%2fbf00996246?li=true ) is if you would like to bury yourself in the history of stone age northern scandinavia . 
  this confirms my claim , that the sami was n't there first . 
  [ here ] ( http://umu.diva-portal.org/smash/record.jsf?pid=diva2:140134 ) is another thesis on that fact . 
   not that it matters , what happened before in the area is not relevant to evaluate the relation between swedes and saami , as i explained before . 
  oh , so you are now the leading expert of colonization ? 
  so , according to * you * , anonymous frenchmen , on the internet , all of a sudden colonization has nothing to do with who arrived first , it is all about how people are treated . 
  by that logic , has n't every single country colonized the jews ? 
  also , you go against the very definition of colonization . 
  [ link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/colonization ) . 
  so , you are right , everyone else in the world are wrong ? 
   now you 're being disingenuous on purpose . 
  roman law was canon in medieval europe and their concepts were applied everywhere . 
  in particular the practice that romans had citizen rights , while the conquered people did not , is relevant . 
  roman cities there were called colonies , eg . 
  colonia agrippina ( k\u00f6ln ) . 
  ok , thank you for the history lesson . 
  i am learning spanish , so i am hoping that my knowledge about the latin languages ( as we call it here ) will improve . 
  fail to see the connection to the swedes/sami here though . 
   does it upset your black and white worldview ? 
  me , you are the aggressive one who makes up your own definition of stuff . 
  i honestly do not know why you are so hell bent on claiming something that goes against every archeologial finding , what we know about the ice age etc. 
  for the record , i do not in any way dispute that we have treated the sami people bad - we have . 
  i am just disputing that we are the colonizators ( is that a word ? ), 
  - since we were the first one there . 
  well , you should n't vote for lower taxes because it economics 101 , they do not have the financial back-up for that . 
  i think italians understand + and - as well as the swedes . 
  if you do n't have enough coming in , you can not expect a normal society , and certainly not lower taxes . 
  in particular when the economy is even shrinking . 
  do n't they care about the financing part ? 
  so , how do you expect him to fix the economy ? 
  so you think berlusconi is n't corrupt ? 
  is the media from abroad bought too ? 
  what i really want to know , how do you think he can get italy out of the financial mess it is in ? 
  i am learning spanish at the moment .
