  why should we add more corruption ? 
   typical kneejerk reaction well , serbia and albania is scaring me . 
  but it is good to know that they will not join . 
   i think blanket limits on duration are not appropriate . 
  one has to take into account the specific situation of every country . 
  all you write is that it 's been long enough . 
  this is not a proper analysis . 
  you are ignoring the biggest data set we have ? 
  you have to have a good scientific reason as to why to do that . 
  why ? 
  and , no , i do n't have to prove long enogh . 
  it is the country demanding money that have to prove why they have not developed . 
  i am the payer , not the receiver . 
  do you want to build a eu where we can not demand good reasoning behind how are money is given out ? 
  should we not be able to ask the quesions i am asking ? 
  what sort of eu are you building if you do not think i can ask these questions , nor do you want to answer . 
  how is that for planning and openness ? 
  why are you doing that ? 
  if the cohesion funds works , why are portugal , spain and greece still receiving . ? 
  and , you seem to be implying that i should be happy to pay for greece just because we are on the same continent . 
  why should i be that ? 
  scientific reasons please . 
  please , why are ** you ** ok with having permant net receivers ? 
  what scientific reason is there as to why greece ca n't develop but other countries ca n't ? 
  why are you ignoring the fact that other countries have developed far better ? 
  scientific reasons as to why greece can not become a net payer for over a generation . 
  why do n't you give me any scientific reasons ? 
  you want me to pay , for generations , but you will not give me a single scientific reason as to why ? 
  is that the eu you want to build ? 
  ignoring science , not asking questions ? 
  why are you ignoring the facts that they are very corrupt and the eu makes no difference ? 
  what sort of eu do you want when you ignore that - and ignore my questions . 
  you never answer my questions . 
  why not ? 
  are you afraid ? 
   i merely stating my opinions on what i think the eu should become . 
  but , in doing so you ignore things that are not working . 
  you want to add countries without solving problems first . 
   where are your solution , and how are you going to get it done ? 
  i do n't have the solutions , obviously , but i do know a little . 
  if something is n't working , stop doing it . 
  so , stop with the cohesion funds . 
  * do not add more corrupt countries until we have figured out a way to deal with the corruption within . 
  * do not add more net receipients , until we figure out how to make countries net payers . 
  we ca n't just add receiver after receiver . 
  * put a timelimit on for how long one can receive money . 
  * figure out how to stop the permennt net recipients from being permanent net recipients . 
  basically - the eu has enormous problems which they are not even adressing . 
  i mean , no one is trying to make the cohesion funds go away for example . 
  no one is following the maastricht treaty , but no one cares about it etc. 
  so , essentially , when in a hole , stop digging and start thinking . 
  do n't add more to the problem . 
  and , yes , more corrupt poor countries is a problem . 
  so , solve the internal problems first . 
  my viewpoint is simple . 
  do not accept corruption . 
  do not accept ineffective stuff like the cohesion funds . 
  if it does not work - why keep it . 
  look at facts and science . 
  if the cohesion fund worked - then greece would be a payer , not receiver . 
  so , abandon them . 
  do not accept perment net receiving countries . 
  put a time limit on for how long one can receive . 
  if they choose not to fix themselves - their problem . 
  follow the law . 
  follow the treaties . 
  no one is doing any of that . 
  nor is the problems even being * adressed * . 
  if they were , we would not have cohesion funds why do you object to that ? 
   where did i say that we should pay for greece for another decade we are !, 
  and we have no plan for stopping . 
  none . 
   i said hopefully there is a lesson learned for new future members , and the eu itself . 
  no , we have not . 
  you can hope , but that has not happened . 
  please , look at the facts . 
  we are still doling out money to greece , we are still using the cohesion funds , we are breaking the maastricht treaty on a daily basis and you seem to ignore that . 
   just for the record , your honor , i support the german approach to the problem by austerity . 
  germany have n't solved shit . 
  why do we still have cohesion funds if they do not work ? 
  why is greece still on the receiving end , with no end in sight ? 
   i do accept that there are grave issues with current members , but my post was one of real-politik concerning new members which i believe is positive in the long run . 
  but you are ignoring the facts !, 
  you `` hope '' and `` belive '' , but you have not solved one issue , but instead of taking a step back and figure out what is wrong , you want to add to the problem . 
  if the cohesion funds does not work - why do you want to add members that will receive them ? 
  if you have n't figured out how to make countries net payer instead of receivers - why do you want to add more receivers , without having a clue on how to make them pay ? 
  that is idiotic . 
  and , if you have n't figured out corruption - why are you wanting to add corrupt countries ? 
  no , it is n't . 
  they are on the receiving end of the 2014-2020 budget , which means that they have then received money for 39 ( !!!!! ), 
  years , more than a generation . 
  apperently you think that is ok and the eu does to . 
  otherwise the eu would have stopped giving out money , and put and end to permanent net recipents , and stopped the cohesion funds . 
  if they worked , greece should have become productive after more than a generation . 
  what more , with a current debt/gdp rate of 170 % do you think they will not receive again in 2020 ? 
  46 years receiving and counting . 
  how the fuck can you defend that ? 
  what sort of person thinks that is ok ? 
   these days , the eu are negotiating for a more cohesive banking union with harmonized rules and regulations ( it is madness that that was not in place then the eu was conceived , but that is another debate ) . 
  a banking union , within some of the ez countries does n't make greece a net contributor , nor is it any solution to the corruption .
