  are you honestly saying that romas that steal , today , in sweden , are not responsible for their actions ? 
  what who and when did they receive the right to steal btw ? 
  are you honestly saying that romas who choose not to send their children have you ever held any roma person anywhere responsible for their actions ? 
  you excuse everything - if they do n't go to school it is because they are discriminated . 
  when they are not discriminated and the schools are good , it is because they are romas ( which is not an excuse ) . 
  you claim they steal because they are poor , but when i tell you you that they are not poorer than anyone else - you excuse them again . 
  t honestly - you are not doing them any favours by absolving them of any responsibility . 
  why not try treating them like adults who are responsible for their actions ? 
  are you saying that romas are not responsible for their actions , that we should just accept that they are illiterate thieves ? 
  according to you they can not change . 
  you see , to change , means that one take responsibility for ones action . 
  you say that the romas has no responsibility - it is * all * everyone else 's doing , not theirs . 
  i think you are wrong . 
  i think they are adults who choose not to send their children to school . 
  i think the romas in sweden choose to steal - i know they are not starving , so it is a choice . 
  you however , claim that they have no choice and it is our fault . 
  you doing them a disservice . 
  i 'd say your ( serious ) newspapers are better , they have far more resources . 
  also , there a far more decent papers that have different political views in the uk . 
  sorry , how did i miss that . 
  you really absolve the romas of any redponsibility . 
  the fact that they are uneducated etc you blame on discrimination in schools . 
  when i say that they are not discriminated and the schools are decent in sweden ( it is the same in finland btw , the worlds best schools ) you blame previous discrimination . 
  apparently , you can always blame someone else , never the romas . 
  do you think the romas are responsible for their situation in sweden ? 
  in finland ? 
  do you think , they are forced to steal for example ? 
  they have free apartments and welfare ? 
  if you are fighting for lessen prejudice against the romas you are failing . 
  you seem to absolve them of anything and just blaming everyone but them . 
  you should point out that the woman claims that she was attacked - again . 
  so , twice she has apparently been attacked by racist thugs in a week , and no one has seen anything . 
  i think it is highly unlikely that she was attacked , but of course it should be investigated . 
  i 'll send you some articles later on but i can say that i understand their reasoning . 
  i understand the reasoning of terrorists and pedophiles too ( not that romas have to be that , just an example ) . 
  however , that does n't mean i agree with their reasoning , or that the reasoning is n't idiotic . 
  above all , is does not in any way absolve them of their responsibility as citizens/parents/humans . 
  they choose not to send their children to school . 
  it is their idiotic reasoning and their responsibility for the lack of education in the next generation - not sweden 's . 
  yes , sure , do you read swedish ? 
  i can link to some articles later on ( am on my phone ) that you can run through google translate . 
  but the fact is , no matter our debate about schools is that romas are the by far most difficult `` people '' to get to go to school , harder than somalis for example . 
  they are refusing to send their children to school and that is their choice , not anyone else 's . 
  are n't they then responsible for their situation ? 
  no , it is n't . 
  sweden had to change our law . 
  i think the greeks have to change it too , it might not just have been challenged . 
  what does it look like in the winter ? 
  i guess it can only be so green for a few months . 
  i do not agree with you , not at all . 
  whether you like wolodarski 's political opinions or not is one thing , but to imply that he is against press freedom because he is some sort of centric liberal - what ? 
  how does that work ? 
  are you saying that centric liberals like wolodarski is against press freedom ? 
  why ? 
  i 'd also like you to give me examples where he has fought against press freedom . 
  i certainly do not always agree with wolodarski , but i have no reason to think that he is not fighting for , and believe in , the freedom of the press . 
  if you have proof of him thinking and acting otherwise , i 'd like to see them . 
  has n't erdogan been quite open with that he wants to move turkey in a more religious sunni direction ? 
  will not an increasing persecution of the lbgtq - community be a direct consequence of that ? 
  i guess that is what turkey want , since they have elected him . 
  you do not producera more science per capita than us . 
  more is published in the lancet or science ( which is the us ) but that is because english is the lingua franca , and because small languages can afford small specialised science papers , nor would it reach anyone outside of our language sphere . 
  no , there are several cases , which you are completely capable of googling yourself , but you seem to be spoiling for a fight , and defend every single law that the uk has . 
  why is it so hard for you to accept that not all of your laws are perfect , and in fact , your libel laws are - well , harming science . 
  do you have some sort of investment in that ? 
  does it help if i say that not all swedish laws are perfect ? 
  there are whole organisations in the uk dedicated to changing your libel laws , with no luck as of yet , unfortunately . 
  honestly , i should be happy because some research get published and perfomed outside the uk , in sweden , germany and denmark for example ( i know that the danes took over some heart research , and sweden tested a medicine against breast cancer , one could not do that in the uk since negative results might not be published and they do n't always have the recourses to fight the good fight ) but i am not . 
  i think it is a sad day for science when the libel laws look like they do in the uk . 
  i know many in the uk mourn that too - apparently you do not , because you seem to think your country is perfect with regards to the libel laws . 
   i do n't give a shit what you think about it nor our libel laws . 
  if we want to change them we will do it and it was the public who demanded the leveson inquiry and for regulation of the press in 2010-12 , not the government . 
  i realise that you do not care what i think , but the fact is that many scientist , inside and outside the uk think the libel laws are harming the freedom of the press and the freedom of science , simon singh for example . 
  i guess you do not care about that or the freedom of science , but both issues are near and dear to me , and i think it is sad that the uk has the libel laws that they have . 
   no and we do n't have that true , but are you ok with the fact that the government can walk in and destroy hard drives ? 
  why your libel laws need changing ? 
  you truly do not know ? 
  in the uk one can ( and has been ) sued for printing correct scientific research . 
  that means that for example scientists who wanted to publish research how something didnt ' t work , a patented operation method for example , could be forced not to publish it , because of threat to sue . 
  to me , that is not freedom of science and freedom of the press . 
  apperently it is ok for the uk . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.senseaboutscience.org/pages/keep-libel-laws-out-of-science.html ) [ the most talked about case ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bca_v._singh ) [ simon singh again ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/comment/7294539/simon-singh-it-is-too-late-for-me-but-libel-laws-must-change-for-the-public-good.html ) . 
   but in exchange for that the guardian must have measures in place to ensure that the information it receives is being handled properly , and any information possibly prejudicial to public safety , the safety of those informants in other countries working for the security services , or the employees of said services is kept away from people who do not need to see it . ', 
  why do you have that law ? 
  the only way the guardian can properly estimate that * according to your goverment and security services * is by cooperating with them . 
  obviously , the secuity services can and will lie to protect the government ( as is so evident in how the iraqi war was handled and the fact that cameron is spying on his own people ) so * if * you have this law in place , you need a third party , that can assess the threat to the public , without eating out of blair/cameron 's hand . 
  the security services are , by their own doing , not to be trusted . 
  and , this might surprise you , but other countries have threats against them and too - and they can manage them * without * destroying hard drives and telling the press what to write ? 
  what makes the uk so unique , or so threatened , that they need extra securities . 
  also , if the data was so damaging to the public - who has dies ? 
  if france/germany can manage it , why ca n't the uk ? 
  so , as long as you have security services that works , not for the people , but for the government , you can not expect any self respecting newspaper to trust them . 
  i would not - they have shown that they will happily lie and spy . 
   `` we know you have this information but we 'd like you not to print it until we 've had time to deal with any issues to public safety . '', 
  well , if you can trust that the government * only * issues those when it * is * a matter of public safety . 
  i do n't think you can do that with your government ( - s ) , and apparently the guardian feel the same . 
  if they do , they have a right to publish in most countries , but even the fact that you have a section d , means that you have restraints on the press that most countries have not . 
   could cause serious risk to public safety . 
  could have , would have should have . 
   the hard drives contained stolen secret intelligence data is n't that the way to get intelligence data ?
