  like austria - just gather everyone apart from fp\u00d6 under an umbrella and just rule forever like that ? 
  i 'd almost vote for anyone if i thought that was happening and i suspect a lot of people reason like i do . 
  i think a good opposition is necessary in the long run for a good government . 
  do n't you ? 
  we have a minority government , sweden is n't falling apart to my knowledge . 
  oh , i misunderstood . 
  i thought we would take a classic from those who competed . 
  i do n't think their charm offensive is working very well . 
  it might work better if they actually stopped spying on us . 
  i honestly do not quite understand why they would do this . 
  maybe i am wrong but last time it seemed like she conducted a csu/cdu policy , and blamed everything bad on spd . 
  plus , everyone deserves a good , decent proper opposition party , not super grand coalitions . 
  i do n't really think it is good in the long run to have a country ruled by coalitions all the time . 
  my professor has worked with fishing quotas the last 20 years , and sustainable fishing , i trust him . 
  the fact that something is a hot topic is not an argument for norway being in the wrong . 
  besides , eu and norway are not alone in how you set quotas , other countries are involved too , russia , canada , us etc. 
  some of it are set from that organisation in copenhagen , international fishing something . 
  they are supposed to be more sustainable since they do n't fish as much from stocks that are depleting, 
  it has n't ceased , but most girls from traditional female circumcision areas are not circumcised in sweden and it is going back a all over the world . 
  it is going in the right direction i 'd say . 
  i still think abba with waterloo would be ok . and the clothes are really , really eurovision . 
  i think a lot of people will stop if they risk going to jail and loosing their kids . 
  and some will stop because they do not favour barbaric rituals and mutilating their kids . 
  think of the children . 
  but the norwegians and the icelanders fish according to their quotas and what is sustainable . 
  think about it - it is a huge industry in iceland , in a small country . 
  they ca n't afford to subsidise it , like the eu does . 
  they simply have to be sustainable , so it lasts . 
  it is possible that norway with its oil money could subsidise it forever , but they do n't . 
  my professor used to say that the two best european countries in europe when it came to sustainable fishing were norway and iceland . 
  the question is not how much one fish , the question is if it 's sustainable . 
  the fact that they fish more is because they have more fishing water and larger quotas . 
  the eu however , with spain as the absolutely worst culprit is far far worse . 
  for decades we have been overfishing and slowly , slowly we have started to turn it around . 
  because , in the grand scheme of things , the fishing industry is a small portion of the total industry in the eu , we have subsidised the fishing industry far more than norway and iceland , rather than to take the political conflict and drastically cut down on our fishing fleets and yes , spain has been particularly bad in that regard . 
  they have been told since the 90 's to cut down on their fishing fleet but they have fought against it with all their might . 
  and please google - spanish fishermen are still caught outside the uk but what is even worse - outside africa . 
  spanish fishermen with their modern boats are stealing the livelihood for african fishermen . 
  the eu is bad , and worse than norway and iceland . 
  among the eu - countries spain is the worst . 
  i ca n't link to anything today because i am on my phone . 
  i am envious . 
  this week i 've sharpened my skates , checked all equipment and clothes , took up the skiis from the basement etc - i am ready ! . 
  however , the weather is letting me down . 
  grrr , i guess i 'll have to do with ice skating on ice skating rinks . 
  while this is a start , we are attacking small and weak countries . 
  i was taught in uni that one of the biggest culprits of this is china . 
  are we banning them ? 
  it would be interesting if we do . 
  also , spain is the biggest one in europe , blatantly ignoring the law , overfishes everywhere , and frankly makes it difficult for african countries ( and canada , uk , ireland , iceland etc ) to protect their stock too . 
  can we have a local bann of freezing of funds on spain too ? 
  ah , thanks . 
  i knew it - al-qaida . 
  and we all know who are behind them - the jews . 
  thank you for opening my eyes . 
  but , but , what will neutralgreek/86mitso or whatever his most recent incarnation is say now ? 
  he claimed it was all true , all the faults of the immigrants trying to steal greek money.and now the who denies that . 
  liars , the who must be in a conspiracy with the immigrants . 
  we have the same name as the people of denmark do , we call it wienerbr\u00f6d / vienna bread . 
  we sponsor growing tobacco to . 
  it 's a swedish joke about how a ) little they speak up north b ) how they speak . 
  they say ja while breating in , and it might mean yes , sometimes it is sort of like nodding/i understand , and sometimes , which is most confusing they start a sentence with it , despite wanting to say no . 
  as in this example . 
  - `` do you agree '' ? 
  - `` jo , i do n't '' . 
  it is very confusing when they say that . 
  it is sort of like a sound they put in a bit everywhere . 
  i agree , it would be nice not to be downvoted on what we think , but how we say it . 
  i was thinking the same thing . 
  i guess that is also why the difficulties `` stays '' since the corrupt officials have no reason to get rid of them , it gives them some extra cash . 
  so the bureacratic layers stays . 
  can they do that ? 
  refuse to go home ? 
  i know that we can force inmates to serve their time in their own countries , at least if they are eu/nordic/or we have signed an agreement . 
  it was huge here when a baltic man came here to stockholm on the ferry . 
  got of the ferry , walked a bit , shot a retired man in the head ( killing him instantly ) who had gone to the store to buy a newspaper , stayed on the scene and then claimed he wanted to be in a swedish jail . 
  he was sentenced to life , and then return to latvia ( think it was latvia ) . 
  so , even if he preferred a swedish jail , he is now in a baltic one . 
  the fact is that this guy , when traveling , is a danger to all of us . 
  i mean , he is hardly the guy who can move quick , and without help , to evacuate . 
  i am sorry that he is fat , but it is a reversable condition and if he chooses to be fat , he also chooses to exclude certain things from his life , like his health , and perhaps traveling . 
  how do you mean ? 
  if you do n't care about climate change ( science ) how do i get you to eat less meat ? 
  if you do n't care about the outfishing of the oceans , how do i get you to support sustainable fishing ? 
  if you do n't care about antibiotic recistance ( science ) how do i get you not to take it for your virus ? 
  ahem , greenhouses might very well be a problem for the climate . 
  it might take a lot of co2 to heat them . 
  unfortunately , everything is science-related politics . 
  oh , it is ok if you are an original kevin , from an english speaking country , that is not white trash . 
  you get a free card then . 
  however , kevin in sweden , well , let me just say that i thought of this classy woman , a reality tv star . 
  you can describe her as our version of jordan i suppose . 
  she has two children , kevin and kean . 
  i am sure you get my point . 
  [ link perhaps slighly nsfw since there are boobs but no nipples in the picture ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/89/linda_rosing.jpg ) . 
  here she is with kevin . 
  poor child , he already looks like a douche . 
  [ link ] ( http://svenskdam.se/files/2010/01/linda-rosing.jpg ) . 
  she is known for having sex on tv ( although under a duvet in the big brother house ) . 
  she also did n't know if sweden was a republic or a monarchy .
