  can you promise me there is less corruption in the eu than in sweden ? 
  if not , why should we bow down to more corruption ? 
  no , not at all . 
  you seem to have missed and important fact , a ) we have different industries , like i do not think the forest industry is the biggest industry in spain . 
  however , that is minor compared to this : * we had our own currency * . 
  we still do in fact . 
  we devaluated with 25 % , and have had a free floating currency since . 
  spain is stuck in the most imperfect of currency unions . 
  do you think they are going to devaluate the euro 25 % now ? 
  also , we did things like good bank saves , not horrible one . 
  * we demanded collateral * where can you see that in the euro banking rescue ? 
  we actually * made * money from our bank saves , not transferring the debt to the tax payers , which they did in the eurozone . 
  because i doubt that anyone but us reads it , and to call you lazy in my language too . 
  seriously , grow up and stop being lazy . 
  stop trying to `` save '' the fact that you have behaved like an as , a lazy as . 
  l\u00f6gnare . 
  and , i would like a full answer as to why you could not , google it yourself , in danish ? 
  why could n't you do that ? 
  you know of course that i know tagged you as lying , lazy dane , because if you just had written * anything * similar in google , you would have gotten a million hits , in danish/swedish/english . 
  yet you claimed you could not find anything . 
  liar . 
  instead you choose to ask me , because you were to fucking lazy . 
  i checked your history , you are danish . 
  you must be really lazy when googling it is just to type in `` danmark skattetryck h\u00f6gst '' and i get a million hits . 
  there is no shortage at all of articles in denmark about it too , i know that , i used to date a dane and it was a huge discussion over there . 
  stop trying to make other people do your work . 
  you are truly , a lazy person . 
  really , really lazy . 
  for fuck sake , you can just watch the danish debates and hear them say that , yet you try to make a swede google reports for you . 
  grow up , lazy person . 
  i said taxes of the percentage of the gdp , oecd report from 2011 . 
  that will not help you at all ? 
  besides , there is a difference between facts and belief . 
  yes , that is my belief . 
  i live , breath and arrange my life around the fact that sweden is the country who pays the second highest taxes in the world . 
  that is more important to me than friends , family , anything . 
  if an unknown person , who do not like to google , for some reason think we are * not * number two , then my life will be ruined . 
  what if this person claims that we are number four ? 
   spain is actually set to become a net contributor in the near future . 
  please get a tiny bit informed before posting . 
  oh , do you really belive that ? 
  seriously , can i tag you with this and come back to haunt you if it incorrect ? 
  have you seen the spanish economy . 
  portugal is supposed to be one in about five years too . 
  ireland was supposed to be one now as well ? 
  what happened to that prediction  please get a tiny bit informed before posting . 
  please , get a tiny bit realistic . 
  no , honestly , i know that we are the second highest taxed country in the world . 
  i do not care if you believe me . 
  have a nice day . 
  by the eu . 
  for fucks sake , i am on my phone , but even i can google oecd report taxes as a percentage of gdp . 
  so , honestly , now you know * how * it is calculated ( we , swedes , have taxes as the highest percentage of our gdp , after denmark ) . 
  and , your pet peeve seems to have been * how * it is calculated . 
  why this obsession , and what * other * countries do you have in mind that pay high taxes ? 
  which are you suggesting , i 'd like a list . 
  according to the oecd repots . 
  according to the oecd report ( 2011 ) the taxes were 44,5 % of the gdp in sweden , slightly higher in denmark . 
  that is why we pay the highest taxes in the world . 
  i doubt anyone else comes near that ( apart from maybe some weird micro nation ) . 
  ok , i forgot luxemburg . 
  that will really make a difference . 
  so , the net contributors are sweden , denmark , finland , germany , nl , uk , belgium , france , italy , luxemburg , austria . 
   also , counting countries is a bit misleading , once you consider that the four largest countries in the eu ( germany , the uk , france and italy ) are all net contributors , and make up , between the four of them , more than half the total population of the eu . 
  no , not at all . 
  what the list , above * clearly * shows , is that no new country that is a contributor has joined since januar 1st , 1995 . 
  at the same time , the eu * still * prioritise agricululture , or think building roads is the second best thing after that and add country after country , that do not , in any way , contribute to carry the costs . 
  add to that , that countries that should have become net contributors , had the strategy worked of actually aiding poorer countries ( like greece and spain ) are commanding more resources than ever - well , do you think that sounds like a healthy strategy ? 
  how many more poor and corrupt countries do you want to add . 
  you have to strategies , either that the countries carrying the costs pay more , way more , or that each country gets far less . 
  which strategy do you prefer ? 
  and i have n't even started on the corruption ... 
  yes , without the vat which is 22,5 % in general . 
   if nothing else changes they are going rob it . 
  who are they ? 
   leaving the eu and schengen , to protect yourselves from the consequences . 
  keep throwing money . 
  try to fix the eu and the countries . 
  you are making the options as if they are the only one btw . 
  are you saying that they are the only ones ? 
  of course not . 
  for example , you completely forget the option that * you * could leave schengen and the eu , just as an example . 
  * you * could try to fix your countries , but you are not giving that even as an option . 
  that is why i will not answer those first questions , you are n't even attempting to give all the options , you just say that there is a and b , and forget the rest of the alphapbet . 
  you said that i should care about spain , just as i should care about the us . 
  well , you refused to answer the question of who you think should fix the us . 
  so , i ask again - who do you think should fix the us , who do you think should fix spain ? 
  please answer this . 
  and , if not the spanish or they americans - then who ? 
  and why ? 
   what do you expect me to do ? 
  i do n't know , it is your country - you fix it . 
  i am not an expert of all the worlds countries , what do you think the malwians should do ? 
  i know stuff i want changed in sweden , and i do try to change them to , at least some of them . 
  but , i do not expect a spanish person to be expert on my country , so why should i be an expert on your country ? 
  again - you are putting the resonsibility of the solutions on me , on people outside of spain . 
  the responsibility lies inside spain , of course . 
   what do you think that the rest of the eu should do ? 
  not a lot . 
  the spanish economy is not the eu 's responsibility , and * any * solution would involve going beyond the commitments that the eu states have made .
