  it is also harder for the opposition for calling them out for lying about the future . 
  before the elections - how surprising . 
  so , what is he going to do next time the greeks need a bailout ? 
  let them fail ? 
  i highly doubt that , i just think he is trying to win the election and is making promises he has absolutely no intention of keeping . 
  no , not really . 
  if they get to high people loose faith in the system too . 
  i 've seen studies about that , i think the `` bursting point '' is around 50 % , after that it is downhill . 
  i can imagine it is lower if you really do not believe in what your state is doing . 
  if you tax people to death you remove their freedom of choice . 
  i mean , we could tax people 100 % and just give them what the state decides . 
  however , i think that would be extrememly undemocratic . 
  and think , you still have lower taxes than we do . 
  it seems to me you are mixing up the eu and the eurozone . 
   ok , good luck with the lateral effects . 
  it can hardly be worse than it is now . 
  they are growing up to have children young , do drugs , illiterate , going to jail , welfare recipients , costing society millions per person . 
  what on earth could be worse . 
  the only thing i can see is the most horrible of people trying to leave . 
  i am two minds about that - i do n't mind if the parents leave and it is a legal right to move abroad , but we should keep and educate the child perhaps . 
   it 's an important point in spanish history when the government tried to regulate the clothing for security reasons in the middle of an economic crisis . 
  but clothing for security reasons it is certainly not the same as standing up for the roma children . 
  they need to be protected from horrible people who stop them from going to school . 
  that is our obligation as a society . 
  the children deserve an education and we need to fight the assholes who are trying to stop it . 
  you do not seem to be aware of the fact that the only ones opposing to romas in schools are the romas themselves . 
  that is truly horrible . 
  i want the parents who are not sending their children to school to be sentenced , and called out . 
  and , the roma community should be aware of the fact that it is their fault , only theirs , if the children get removed . 
  children deserve an education . 
  if some of the roma parents are such bad and horrible people that they deny them that , they should loose their children . 
  period . 
  i can not stand people who ruin for their children on purpose . 
  many roma parents do that . 
  there is no excuse for it , none . 
   then , you have more leverage than others countries use it wisefully . 
  that is not connected to going to school . 
  we have , together with germany , some of the harshest laws about schooling . 
  we are just not enforcing it with the romas , which are creating generations of half illeterate welfare people who refuse to integrate . 
  i think  btw , if the confrontation is too big the integration/assimilation slows down , not the opposite . 
  a ) proof . 
  b ) it is not to big to take care of roma children when their parents and their community chooses not to . 
  that is good , children need to be taken care of . 
  and , they are not assimilating anyway . 
  as i said - how can it be worse . 
   they do n't have the right , but they have the power . 
  and the power is 99 % of the law no , only for a short amount of time . 
  then sd would get 10 % more for example . 
  and no one is trying to evict romas . 
   i am only saying that you can expect problems . 
  we * have * problems . 
  i say we are trying to solve them . 
   the black people have the highest crime rate and the lowest income in the us . 
  this problems are n't solve in one generation . 
  the blacks were forced to come to the us as slaves . 
  hardly the case with the romas where 95 % of them has chosen to come here . 
  and , no one in the us absolves the black people from responsibility . 
  nor is there any reason why romas who are horrible parents should be excused for that . 
  we owe it to the romas children to remove them if their parents are so bad . 
   does your government has passed laws that ca n't enforce and then tried to enforce them ? 
  yes , for example with wolf hunting . 
  not that that have anything to do with the fact that the romas choose not to integrate and are horrible parents who chooses not to send their children to school . 
  also , they live on welfare most of them . 
   btw , i am not talking about races anywhere . 
  i know , i said it within brackets , because you excused romas for being assholes , due to centuries of mistreatment . 
  i do n't know what to call them apart from race , but if you have a better name , i am happy . 
  are women excused for horrible behaviour due to centuries of mistreatment that goes on to this day ? 
  kurds ? 
  no , of course not , and neither are the romas excused in any way . 
  they are grown people who choose to be horrible parents . 
  that is unforgivable . 
   some times . 
  other times the authorities did deals with the community leaders . 
  well , not in sweden . 
  we do n't have communities like that . 
   hundreds of persons can stop an eviction , whatever the law says . 
  and this was normal spanish people . 
  again , i know all your focus is on spain , but this is sweden . 
  hundreds of people do not have the right to stop an eviction , and i honestly think it would harm the romas more if they went out in thousands on the street . 
  sd would gain 5 % immediatetly . 
   you can expect that a community stay together and fights if you try to break them i am not trying to break anyone . 
  parents who deny their children their right to education are horrible people and really bad parents . 
  for the sake of the children , it is necessary to remove them from bad parents . 
  we do that every day in sweden and i think we should continue . 
  in the end , the loosers are the children who grows up with horrible parents . 
  it is so much better to let them grow up and get a decent education . 
   and the worst thing for any society is trying to stole their children . 
  no one is stealing children . 
  let them go to school , and all will be fine . 
  they have a choice , yet you are apologetic for horrible bad parenting . 
  why should we care less about the roma children . 
  they deserve education more than anyone . 
  if their parents are so horrible and bad that they will not let them go to school - well it is our obligation to save them . 
  roma parents seem to be really bad and i think it is of uttermost importance to remove children from parents that have that negative effect on their education . 
   from their pov : you are trying that their children stop being one of them after surviving hundreds of years of prosecution . 
  i would be surprised if everything goes fine . 
  do n't blame what people do today on history . 
  one can * always * blame every single thing on history . 
  no black in the us can ever , ever , succeed , women will always be at disadvantage - etc , etc. 
  however , that is not only an idiotic and incorrect attitude , it victimises everybody and is extremely unhelpful what is worse , you do not treat roma like adults , that can make smart choices .
