  they are angry with the racist voters instead , and that reaction tell me that they actually are clueless . 
  and , due to the minority government , they ca n't ignore sd since they can possibly make the government fall , and force new elections . 
   really ? 
  i am one of their best `` campagne workers '' ? 
  yes . 
   and i called you a racist yes . 
   why do n't you tell me in such detail how sd are planning to fix this ? 
  i asked you first , and i did n't vote for the sd.so i am not responsible for their politics . 
  so , you start . 
  in detail please . 
  since immigration and integration concerns a lot of people and you do not like the sd , you shold be able to address it . 
  so , please start . 
  in detail . 
  no clich\u00e9s , serious links . 
   i was not trying to discuss what politics are the best . 
  what concerns me is your attitude towards an obvious problem that is going to hurt sweden . 
  i think in the long run it will be better for sweden . 
  i think it is good if our politicians address issues that concerns people . 
  please , prove that it will hurt sweden . 
  or , are you making it up ? 
  serious links please . 
  they are not fascists . 
  that is idiotic to claim that . 
   in some ways sweden is a test case for europe , a kind of massive experiment . 
  i feel we are 20 years behind europe when it comes to immigration issues . 
   will the other parties change their positions ? 
  yes , but it will take either a terrorist attack and/or that the sweden democrats become really big , maybe or 2nd biggest party . 
  so , a few elections , but maybe quicker since we might actually have a new election in 2015 already . 
   i 've also got out the popcorn ( though i feel bad about this as i like you guys and do n't want you any harm ... ) do n't feel bad :-) . 
  i am swedish and feel the same . 
  i forgot about it . 
  and , not that i hate delaware , but i prefer finland and norway :-) . 
  thanks for reminding me though . 
  thanks !, 
  ** and , as to illustrate my point about how anal the debate climate is in sweden when it comes to immigration , just look at the comment above . 
  as i told you , no facts , just calling me a racist , nor will you ever see any solutions coming from this user . 
  he will only continue to call me a racist - that is how we debate immigration issues in sweden ... . and i did n't even vote sd ... . ** now , back to you , u/andofloyd . 
  thank you for being an anal swede who is the perfect example of why the sd is gaining votes by the hour !, 
  you are one of their best campagne workers !, 
  also , why would you bother to address legitimate concerns when you can just call me a racist instead . 
  please , tell me in detail , with calculations , how you are going to house 100 000 asylum seekers , and find jobs for them . 
  please , again in excrutiating detail , how are you going to fix that we are the 2nd worst in europe on integration ? 
  oh , and the overrepresentation of immigrants on crime ? 
  in detail please , since * your * party has the solution obviously . 
  or are n't we allowed to talk about it ? 
  our desire to cooperate in politics and find sensible/working solutions have worked against sd , but now it coming back to bite the politicians in their behinds . 
  yes , we do have a desire to find solutions across the parties , but that also means that * one has to address the issues at hand * , whether it is about environmental issues , unemployment , immigration , crime , or whatever it is . 
  it does not work when they pretend the issue is non existing . 
  and , that is exactly what all the political parties are doing apart from the sd . 
  pretending that issues that the public are worried about do not exist . 
  and , if someone brings it up - meet them with contempt , call them racist and tell them to get lost . 
  swedes hate that as much as voters in other countries , and they are punishing them for it . 
  and , now when the success for the sd has started ( with the predictable respons from the politicians/media ) , they only gain more and more sympathy votes . 
  what i do not like with the sd . 
  well , they are a rather social democratic party in some ways and i really do not see how they can finances higher pensions , higher welfare for this , more money for that , more money to hospitals , schools and everything without higher taxes . 
  they also used to have a rather nasty racist streak and while not completely gone , they have worked hard to reduce that and a throwing people out on a weekly basis for it . 
   and if s is middle class i guess we have abolished the working class and achived the socialist utopia ... 
  yes , a lot of s is middle class . 
   it 's the analysis the academics does in swedish tv atleast . 
  i am not saying it is wrong , i just have n't heard it and would like a source . 
  that is true , but i was bending the rules a little . 
  we have so very few colonies ... . . you were seen as a part of sweden , that is absolutely correct . 
  social democrats are actually quite middle class . 
   well , many of those former moderate voters are former social democrats that left s in 2006not their core voters . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  and , social democrats are middle class as well btw . 
  they will not evaluate it until sd become the biggest or the second biggest party . 
  you should read the papers/social media today - all they can do , the media and the politicians are to spew hatred and contempt over the stupid racist voters who just ruins everything . 
  no one has even started to address the legitimate concerns that a lot of people have , the fact that 40-50 % want less immigration , a lot of people worry about crime , we have the worst immigration in europe etc. 
  so , no , not until they are forced , either by a terrorist attack or by the sheer number of sd voters will they change their stance . 
  stupid yes , but that is our politicians for you . 
  they are on their moral high horses , all out to educate the stupid racist swedes ... . 
   the established parties are too united on the immigration issue , and the middle class will never vote for sd . 
  wrong . 
  the middle class are already voting for them , they broke that barrier in this election . 
  29 % of their voters in this election came from moderaterna . 
  and look at the school elections . 
  they are up to 20 % there , in `` normal '' areas . 
  if you go way back to the romans you had some really cool colonies . 
  mare nostrum and all that . 
  you can claim j\u00e4mtland perhaps . 
  but i think iceland is cooler than j\u00e4mtland ( sorry j\u00e4mtland people , i like you too ) . 
  true . 
  i do not really mind chasing down the traffickers , or actually if they got shot , but would n't they just start using the illegal immigrants as shields ? 
  i mean , they have no problems sinking boats with children on , i can imagine them using babies as shields . 
  the illegal immigrants might not get asylum , but i do n't think they deserve death , either as drowning or as shields . 
  there should be other solutions , but i can not come up with one . 
  i like it . 
  i am popping the popcorn and is settling down in a comfortable chair now . 
  this will be fun . 
  oh , and i did n't vote for the sd , but i like that they gained a lot . 
  the reasons i like it are several . 
  * personal . 
  i like when our politics gets shaken up a lot . 
  internationally , our two main parties are exceptionally close , so it is really a choice between tax rate of 43,5 or 44,6 ... . . so , anything that changes that is a bit of an adventure . 
  * karma for our politicians . 
  our politicians are idiots , and they have for a very long time refused to even address legitimate concerns around immigration and integration . 
  i wish there were some way i could convey how extremely anal the swedish political debate is around immigration but i do not know how . 
  i do not think you can imagine it even . 
  when just * mentioning * that for example there is a problem with integration , or that immigrants are more likely to commit crime , or it is a cost - that will seriously get you to be labelled a racist .
