  you can read the whole report btw , it is in the thread . 
  and it seems like the fact that you do n't like billionaires and seem to be pessimistic clouds your judgement as a ) the studies b ) was a wealth tax is . 
  in sweden is was for everyone owning over 80 000 euros . 
  not your billionaires - if you owned a house you were fucked . 
  in cyprus i believe it was 50000 euros . 
  so if you save up to buy something you are screwed . 
  is that a smart tax ? 
  why are you defending it ? 
  did n't you even attempt to read the link?are you saying our trade did n't move and swedes did n't hide their wealth abroad ? 
   and the idea of sweden 's wealthy moving to oslo is just so ridiculous i wonder where you got that sort of idea . 
  and no , the billionaires moved to switzerland and london , not oslo . 
  the trade move to oslo . 
  as it said in the link , and as i stated . 
  so , you are saying that our trade did n't move despite the article ? 
  please , back that up . 
  also , i 'd like for you to back up that swedes did n't move wealth abroad , in the 80 's , and 90 's , with the wealth tax , since you are saying that we did n't . 
  our trade that was taxed moved . 
  london , oslo , copenhagen . 
  it was a spectacular failure . 
  [ link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_financial_transaction_tax ) . 
  even when they had the lesser tax ( like the ez wants ) it did n't work . 
  wealth - a ) really rich person moved home , like h & m persson , fredrik lundberg etc. 
  b ) normally rich ( as in not billionaires ) have been moving their money home . 
  sweden was pretty smart and gave amnesty if you just reported it . 
  i mean , i am sure people still have accounts abroad , but before it was more of a necessity , and it was fairly common . 
  also , sweden actually made money from the wealth tax removal , since more people belived in sweden and stayed and kept their money here . 
  [ here ] ( http://unctad.org/en/publicationslibrary/webdiaeia2014d1_en.pdf ) is the full report . 
  he is dead , but the brand could do it i suppose . 
  just not that horrible stella mccartney . 
  you have a lot of designers and i really think you should use them . 
  i 'd like to see vivianne westwood make the uk clothes ... . :-) . 
  i googled it and apparently italy used to have the house of savoy 's coat of arms on its flag , and the house of savoy 's colour is blue . 
  so , presumably , they started to play in blue pre wwii and then just never changed it . 
  yes , but i do not ever understand why italy is blue , should n't they be green/white/red ? 
  fun fact - nine of those elements were found in [ ytterby quarry ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ytterby ) outside of stockholm ( i have no idea why the english version says seven , it is supposedly nine ) . 
  and , four of those elements are named after ytterby . 
  why is italy always wearing blue ? 
  i have no idea . 
  i imagine after the winter olympics h & m might sell some of the stuff in their swedish stores . 
  do n't really think the rest of the world is interested in a jacket with three crowns ( our symbol ) or sweden on it . 
  i know after the olympics 2010 you could buy some of the clothes in a sporting store chain here in sweden for a short while . 
  but norway , always a serious contender in winter sports is not going down without a fight . 
  i liked france 's clothes . 
  maybe a tad strict , but good . 
  and , the total opposite to the us . 
  have you seen those ? 
  [ link ] ( http://www.kansascity.com/2014/01/23/4771052/opening-ceremony-outfits-unveiled.html ) . 
  it is sort of like an ugly christmas sweater , with an american theme ... 
   why should we accept that abuse ? 
  if you do n't have a constructive alternative , stop bitching around and shut up . 
  if you ca n't bear that , leave . 
  if you ca n't stand it - you should leave . 
  but again , i have better things to do than to argue with idiots , who neither know economics , takes responsibility for the situation they are in , nor do you and your ilk respect the law or bother to follow it . 
  have fun - enjoy your depression . 
  you 'll need to bail out greece again in mayand your heading towards deflation . 
  even germany will only have 0,4 % growth . 
  but keep on blaming us for that - go back to your whining and not taking responsibility . 
  i 'll go back to respecting the law , and growth . 
   southern europe was in for a hard time anyway , due to the banking crisis . 
  how would they be better off without the euro ? 
  yes - but they would have had a floating currency , and a chance to sell their product . 
   across-the-board price increase of imports , including energy an resources , gutting buying power of wages in favor of big owners with external bank accounts . 
  not to mention that there would be less of an economy to cut to start with . 
  source for that the greek economy ( and the portuguese or spanish ) would have been smaller than it is now , and in more trouble . 
  furthermore - again , you are ignoring economics 101 - which is [ internal devaluation ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/internal_devaluation ) . 
  why are you ignoring that ? 
  are you not aware that it is wrecking havoc in southern europe ? 
  or are you saying that they have none and it is not causing suffering ? 
  are you honestly saying it would have happened with their own currency ? 
  and , you do know how one offsets that , do n't you ? 
  - with permenent transfers . 
  where are the ez 's permanent transfer ? 
  could you please show me the new treaty ? 
   we 're not quite as save-happy yet . 
  but to some extent , that is inevitable , with or without euro : the eu and japan both are highly productive economies with a stabilizing and aging population . 
  you just do n't get 10 % growth rates in that situation . 
  no , it is not inevitable , we are not there . 
  nor is the us , or the uk or , or ... i 'd like a source for that it is inevitable . 
  of course i have access to academic journals . 
  and , you are wrong . 
   blaming everything that goes wrong on the euro is not a fact , it 's an assertion . 
  you could just as well blame it on gay marriage , that would make about as much sense . 
  wrong again . 
  no , it is economics 101 - what happens when a country suffers from internal devaluation , and yes , it is the fault of the euro . 
  please , do not take my word for it . 
  [ link ] ( http://blogs.wsj.com/brussels/2013/04/23/greece-internal-devaluation-update/ ) . [ link ] ( http://www.social-europe.eu/2013/01/internal-devaluation-and-the-crisis-in-europe/ ) . 
  again - you ignore that . 
  it is a real connection , and not just made up . 
  economics is a science you know . 
   because the eu really is n't that powerful and national interests still have a decisive influence in structures where it should n't . 
  not an answer . 
  why do n't you follow the rules and regulations ? 
  what gave you the right to ignore them and fuck up for everybody ? 
  why do you still ignore them ? 
  how can you build anything if none of you respect rules and regulations and do n't give a shit ? 
  why do n't you kick out countries for example , and stop bailing out ? 
  who has given you the right to disrespect the rules and mess up ? 
  why are n't you taking repsonsibility ? 
   mostly because of the eurosceptic hypocrites that drag their feet all the way , complain about every tiny little detail without constructive alternatives , threaten to leave at any turn , exact exceptions and opt-outs for themselves and national vetoes wherever possible , demand instant perfection ... and when the enterprise still succeeds despite their obstruction , they 're the first to seat themselves at the banquet and loudly demand their share of the benefits , proclaiming the success of their policies . 
  that is rich - now you are blaming * us * .
