  a currency union is supposed to be something * good * , something * beneficial . 
  if one has to threaten and bully countries to join , then something is wrong with the union . 
  a good start would be to actually to take a look at what is wrong with the * euro * . 
  to blame the current crises and the extremely bad constructed euro on countries * outside * not only reeks of desperation , it also says that you have absolutely no idea what the problem really is . 
  to give you a hint . 
  with the construction of the euro , it is economics 101 that the cheaper countries with low productivity would loose in internal competitiveness . 
  this is also what has happend , in fact , the portugal/greece/spain lost up to 30 % of their competitiveness ( measured in units of labour costs , eurostat ) up until 2008 ( it is more now ) . 
  to offset that the other countries would have to make massive , and permanent transfers , for decades , to the south . 
  in addition to that , they also need their banks to be propped up , debt reconstruturing and of course , massive investments - for decades . 
  please compare it with another currency union , when ddr joined with brd in 1990 to make germany . 
  just as the giips , ddr had lower cost/lower productivity , and immediately had a loss in competitiveness and high unemployment . 
  germany however transferred * trillions * , made sure they hade the basic social structure ( hospitals , unemployment benefits etc ) and made massive investments . 
  in addition to that , the ddr had no foreign debt to speak of and the banks were safe . 
  still , 23 years later , the productivity and unemployment is still lower in ( former ) ddr , and germany is still transferring over 100 billion to ddr , each year . 
  none of that is happening to the giips countries , so of course it is all going to hell . 
  add to that a bad bank save and a crises management straight out of hell . 
  to top it off , almost all countries in the ez considers treaties something marginally less worth than toilet paper . 
  the crises would have happened anyway , internal competitiveness ( or loss in it ) works that way , it is science , but it would have been less bad if the rules actually had been followed ( for one , greece would n't have been let in ) . 
  oh , and to top it off , a global credit crises . 
  it is this absolute mess , where basically no one is a ) following the rules that they were supposed to follow , and they are not even intending to , years to come b ) no one is actually trying to deal with the root of the problem , the incorrectly constructed euro . 
  instead , people are behaving like you , blaming it all on the greeks , germans , etc. 
  or , in your case , blaming it on the swedes , which is , if you had half a knowledge of economics , beyond ludicrous . 
  but please , shy away from the real problems , the real issues , that is what the eurozone does best it seems . 
  what ? 
  we promised to join a union where the debt was max 60 % of gdp , no one bails anyone else out ( it is stated in the rules ) , ecb do not intervenes for individual countries , each is responsible for their own debt , not following the euro convergence criterias leads to fines etc. ... is there even such a euro to join ? 
  well , they have been mumbling about this for a while , have n't they ? 
  feels a bit like `` and then they were none '' - one by one countries fall . 
   the issue is that in a situation with a permanent imbalance , there needs to be some form of permanent monetary transfer . 
  as of right now this only exists through the cap . 
  cap is part of the eu , not the eurozone . 
  besides , as much as i dislike the cap and think it is to big , to save the giips countries , they would need much more than 0,4 % of the gdp of the * eurozone * countries . 
   in the us poor people receive money that comes from the national government and often receive more investment in national projects . 
  that 's just part of how a currency union needs to work to be viable . 
  yes , and you have federal taxes , and a federal banking union , and your debt do not belong to individual states . 
  plus , you have investments from the government to help out/balance . 
  basically , the euro is horribly constructed , but it is not likely to change . 
   i think it 's just common sense . 
  the fact that currency unions lead to debt/competitiveness problems is pretty obvious ; i ca n't imagine no one noticed . 
  the fact that they chose to go ahead anyway implies to me that they thought they 'd fix it up at a later date . 
  but that is beyond naive . 
  it explicitly states that `` no country is resposible for anyone else 's debt '' , that the `` ecb should n't bail out individual countries etc '' . 
  thinking that is is going to be completely ignored a decade later because of a dream is not even naive , it is something beyond that . 
  no one pump billions into anything , just for laughs , and they knew that then too . 
  i believe that they just ignored it , knowing it would turn bad , but leaving it for a later date . 
  ok , maybe i am reading it wrong , but where does it says `` massive transfers to the south for decades '' . 
  it is just a conference on a monetary union - i mean , we have conferences on a co2 neutral europe , but it is not very likely . 
   however , this proved politically difficult , because it would have involved surrendering national sovereignty to brussels . 
  so they just adopted the common currency , and left the rest for `` later '' . 
  exactly , but everyone knew that it was incorrectly constructed . 
  i remember the `` no to the euro campaign in sweden '' 2003 , they were talking about it the whole time . 
   earlier in the crisis , it looked as if we might finally get to work , but not much has come out of this so far , and i fear we 'll fall back to procrastination mode to avoid political inconveniences , until next time . 
  personally , if you want to transfers 20 % of your gdp south ( an example ) e , pay off italy 's debt etc , feel free to do so , but i have a hard time seeing most of the north going for it . 
  i mean , you are german . 
  you know the trillions you have pumped into ddr , in another currency union ( much more complet ) and how you for decades have provided ( former ) ddr with the basics for health care , social structure etc , while building up their competitiveness . 
  and they had no debt and west german banks ( or at least , not a lot of debt ) , plus , a huge popular supprt . 
  imagine doing that for decades for the south . 
  i honestly have a hard time seeing you doing that , even if you want to , you are outnumbered really . 
  and , if ossis and wessis were bad ... ... germany does n't even want to print more money or raise the interest . 
  i think it is more likely that some countries leave . 
   the euro is n't that badly constructed , but it does heavily favor countries with higher productivity and punishes those with lower productivity and this was known from the beginning . 
  the plan was that to fix this flaw nordic countries in general and germany particularly would in effect make wealth transfers from the north to south as to prevent this exact problem , but that part was left unsaid , since giving money away was never going to be an election winning strategy . 
  that is badly constructed to me , that one `` forgot '' to calculate with the losses in internal competitiveness . 
  extremely bad . 
  they knew it was going to happen , but choose to ignore it , because if they had said it ( to north and south ) it would have been a no . 
  one also has to add , that apart from the * massive * transfers that will have to occur , we also need debt reconstructuring , fixing the souths banks , + massive investements - for several decades . 
  not taking that into account is extremely bad constructed . 
   fast forward 15 years , the euro is the currency of most countries in the eu , but the wealth transfers that would balance the trade sheets were forgotten . 
  the bad construction is part of the reason yes , but another reason is that the euro countries do not care more about treaties/laws and regulations than they do about toilet paper . 
  it would n't have stopped the crises ( loss in internal competitiveness would have occured nevertheless ) but it would not have been * as * bad , if for example greece never had been let in ( since it debt/gdp ratio was fake ) - but still bad . 
  so , not following treaties is an additional sin . 
  and the fact that there is a world wide credit crises does n't really help either . 
  you are mixing up the eu and the eurozone . 
   the whole point was the promise that the faults would be eventually fixed i have n't really heard this , but it sounds interesting . 
  do you have any links ? 
   i guess the other countries were deluding themselves thinking the era of nationalist politics in europe is over and from that point on everyone would be focused on our shared future . 
  or , thinking that other countries thought like them . 
  from country x - good , we will most definately follow the rules , it is important to stick to this currency union . 
  from country y - cool , finally we have a strong currency , we are really one europe - build stuff . 
  country z - it is election year , i 'll deal with the deficit later . 
  i think that the politics and the dream of a common currency/common europe prevailed over reality , or , as i would express it , completely lost touch with it . 
  it can never work out in the long run if one ignores reality . 
  i mean , the euro is so wrongly constructed it is almost annoying . 
  i honestly ca n't see how so many people could ignore it , for so long . 
  of course it is like this , and it is further helped that germany has kept their salaries down . 
  however , i do not know if its their `` fault '' or if everyone else should just hang their head in shame for not thinking of yet another fault with the euro before they joined it . 
  would your country give up that advantage if the roles were reversed ? 
   of course they had to join , because the government promised to join the euro area with the signature of a head of state , and later approved by the referendum . 
  they promised to join a euro where * the rules were applied * . 
  where * no one was bailing any one else out * . 
  where the debt was a maximum 60 % of gdp . 
  the euro they promised to join do not even exist any more . 
  if you do n't follow your promises and obligations , what good are you for , then ? 
  exactly . 
  why have n't any of the countries in the eurozone ( apart from finland and estonia ) bothered to fullfill internation treateis ? 
  why are they willfully breaking them ? 
  why ca n't they do as they promised . 
  * they * have caused this mess , * not * any other country . 
  should n't they actually begin to take responsibility and clean it up firsts ? 
  where is the responsibility ? 
  if they regret it , they should fix it .
