  the treaty also says that no country should bail out another country etc. , each country is responsible for their own economy etc. 
  that really leads to austerity . 
  well , i know that you can hear where people are from , i just mean that the i 's that they use in ( bad ) movies etc are very often extremely exaggerated . 
  i am from stockholm too . 
  which people immediately hear , and they can also tell from which area i am from . 
  i 'd like to correct you about the i 's thought , that is rather rare actually . 
  and the `` sj '' as well , is rare . 
  i know , i used to say it and i used to get teased for it in school , so i switched prononciation between home and school . 
  funny thing is , i picked it up from my mother , who is not from stockholm originally . 
  also , i think a lot of stockholm people are ignorant when they actually think they do n't speak a dialect ... 
  ok thanks . 
  i thought he was still seen as someone great/saviour , and as a head of vichy france , i found that somewhat surprising . 
  no i the the * was seen * , not * is seen * . 
   p\u00e9tain was n't he the head of vichy france ? 
  is that a saviour ? 
  sorry ... well , at least i rembered your name :-) . 
  you were missed . 
  do n't you have a bonaparte branch making claims as well ? 
  not that i think you 'll become a monarchy , just asking because i am interested . 
  if you go back long enough you have a few gems ... augustus ? 
  trajan ? 
  although , that whole `` conquer the world '' thing probably would n't sit well with the rest of us . 
  and i think the whole slave thing is a bit outdated ... gladiator games - well , we have reality tv now , so it is not really necessary . 
  thanks . 
  ah , then [ princess sophie of lichtenstein ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sophie,_hereditary_princess_of_liechtenstein ) would be queen of scotland . 
  queen sophie , chatting with queen elizabeth - it could be nice . 
  she has four sons too , so the succession is taken care of for a while . 
  and , has studied english . 
  sounds perfect !, 
  good that it is a women , sean connery has never been a favourite of mine :-) . 
   so arguably any of the various claimants to the french throne could claim the kingdom of navarre . 
  oh , there seem to be a lot of those . 
  i found this one , the [ duke of anjou ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/louis_alphonse,_duke_of_anjou ) who at least grew up in spain , albeit madrid . 
  it is better than paris i suppose ( or maybe not ... ), 
   why should the scots pick their own king ? 
  before the act of union the crowns of england and scotland were seperate but united in one person who was king of scotland and king of england . 
  just a `` what if '' scenario . 
  and , the jakobites apparently wants to put a wittelsbacher on the throne btw . 
  i know , but i am just speculating for fun . 
  piggybacking on this question . 
  theoretically , if scotland becomes independent and want their own king ( i know the royal houses was united under james i/iii ) - who would they pick ? 
  harry ? 
  import some german/scandinavian/eastern european royalty ? 
  sean connery ? 
  same question goes to the catalonians . 
  spain were united under isabella/ferdinand if i am not mistaken , but who would you pick if you wanted your own king , not juan carlos ? 
  one of the princesses ? 
  did the basque ever have a king btw ? 
   this is happening right now . 
  pressure is mounting because the media backlash is driving local producers ( and the local economies that depend on them ) to disaster . 
  even in italy , even in naples itself , people just wo n't buy produce or diary that comes from the land of fires or the triangle of death , and even neighboring regions are starting to be affected by association . 
  good , perhaps we will see some change . 
  thanks for your answer btw . 
  but how can this go on ? 
  i mean , does n't the camorra need some sort of support , and who supports this ? 
  also , they must get cancer too ? 
  i am honestly baffled how this works.what happens if someone opens a decent , legal working waste plant ? 
  i 've read about it here in sweden too . 
  i would n't buy anything from that area , and i wish eu would start testing products from it . 
  if we can forbid british beef , we should forbid toxic agricultural products . 
  maybe that would get someone in the government to act ? 
  they do not have a lot of articles online , but from sweden you can try [ axess magasin ] ( http://www.axess.se/magasin/ ) or [ tidningen filter ] ( http://magasinetfilter.se/magasin ) . 
   i find that argument a bit disingenuous . 
  you complain that the euro is n't an effective currency but would refuse to give them the legal tools it needs to be one . 
  i 'm glad the ecb eventually did what it needed to do . 
  where do i refuse ? 
  i point out that you do n't have the legal tools , and * until you have changed the law * you should follow it . 
  or are you saying as soon as one does n't like the law , one should just ignore it ? 
  why are n't the eurozone following the law ? 
  why are n't you trying to change the treaty and the ecb statues throught democratic process ? 
  you have had over a decade - why ? 
  is it ok for everyone to ignore the treaty and the law if you can ? 
  why , or why not ? 
   that 's a problem , the ecb still issues too little money . 
  now that we 're nearing deflationary territory they 'll hopefully be calmed enough to let the reins float a little . 
  on the bright side , that means the ecb now has room to create about 1 % of the euzone gdp in euros . 
  yes , but that will hardly solve the problem . 
  they are not allowed to go above 2 % nor do an aggressive politics like the fed or the bank of england ( which have aided in the us and the uk recovery ) , the only thing the ecb is looking at is inflation . 
  furhtermore , the ecb is breaking the law and its statues when they are protecting individual countries , like italy , that is forbidden . 
  i think it is extremely worrying to have a huge central bank that is just played at will , not caring about the statue and the law , just doing what it want , not caring at all about the law . 
  how can anyone build a trustworthy currency from that . 
   nothing was going to fix greece in six months . 
  why do you put the bar above stratosphere ? 
  why should the euro be able to magically cure any economic ailment ? 
  if greece still had the drachma , they would still have had a debt crisis . 
  and what then ? 
  devalue ? 
  to get a debt cut similar to the 50 % they achieved during negotiations , they would have had to devalue with 50 % ... i.e. 
  all imported goods would cost 100 % more . 
  do you really think the people of greece would have fared better in that situation ? 
  no , they would not have the same debt crises , since they would not have been able to borrow at the low eurozone interest rates , but would have had the interest rate they had before , 6-7 % . 
  furthermore , they would not suffer from internal devaluation . 
  also , their lower productivity would be offset by lower prices , so they would not have the unemployment they have now . 
  also , they would have their faith in their own hands . 
   internal devaluation is what you get when you refuse transfers . 
  it 's a cure , not a problem . 
  not if the cure kills the patient . 
  over 30 % unemployment is not a cure . 
  also , it will go on for decades . 
  i mean , it has been going on for five years already , and it is not like they are becoming more productive in 2015 .
