  ) , but it is from a rather dark place , and it is a tad rich of turkey to call us out on human rights . 
  but the eu has a deal . 
  if i get sick ( emergency of course not some planned operation , cancer etc ) on vacation in spain , i get treated for free , just like a spanish person on vacation get treated for free in my country . 
  a country ca n't just decide to abandon that deal if you have signed it . 
   i agree with the former ( that turkey needs to deal with the baggage of the past ) though there is currently no negative attitude towards turkish armenians from the majority ( there are exceptions and minor groups , of course , as there would be ) . 
  so , why are is turkey not admitting it ? 
  why are they even asking other countries not to admit it ? 
  i must say , the * current * turkish attidtude towards a * genocide * the turks committed is appalling , to say the least . 
  where is the apologies , the public recognition of the suffering etc. 
  it is even forbidden in turkey . 
   and yes , turkey has been attempting to deal with the discrimination of kurds to the point of going into official talks with the terrorist group . 
  but the majority of the kurds are not terrorists , and it was just until recently they * could have schools with their own languange . 
  why on earth have you denied them this for so long . 
  are all official documents in kurdish ? 
  do you have a lot of kurdish ministers , ambassadors etc ? 
  is the economic discriminiation that for example the un mentioned over ? 
  are they treated as absolute equals , in all sense ? 
  you do not seem to understand that they have lived in your country forever , but you see them as some foreign part . 
   would you like to compare these demands with minority groups and immigrants in europe ? 
  i think you have to specify the minority group and the country , and be more exakt . 
  obviously , how russia and iceland deals with immigrants might be quite different, 
  do n't they post this every week ? 
  i know i have seen it four-five times here in r/europe . 
  have turkey admitted to the armenian genocide yet ? 
  that to me was a not `` embracing of tolerances '' to put it mildly . 
  if turkey wanted to live as they speak , they should admit to that . 
  also , is turkey attempting to deal with the discrimination of kurds ? 
  well , it is about time that germany got an anti euro party as well , several other countries have them . 
  i hope this will lead to more discussions in germany about the euro . 
   if the `` giips '' have their own currency , they can devaluate it . 
  that 's the traditional way to adjust for competitive gradient . 
  a way that is not available to `` the south '' because countries like germany are also aboard and do n't want that true , and they need it . 
  however , it has never forced them to do reforms before , they just kept devaluating . 
  what is different now ? 
  they would also have enormous interest rates and inflation , a whole new set of problems . 
   for the sake of the argument , let us assume `` the south '' fixes it 's problems and actually becomes more competitive than germany . 
  now what . 
  competitiveness differences are always going to drive a thrust through a single currency . 
  personally , i am ok with giving away a few percents of individual income ( not of gdp , that 's prolly more ) a year to keep europe going . 
  i feel that it 's worth it . 
  when it comes to a dozen percents , maybe not though ... well , greece , southern italy and spain has been on the receiving end since forever , 80 's at least or 60 's for some of them . 
  what has happened with the billions they have receive ? 
  you seem to assume that they would be like the ddr , or the estonians , immediately trying to become competitive after years of hardship . 
  you forget that they have had the chance , for decades , to become as competitive , but not taken it ( maybe spain/portugal a bit ) . 
  it is something built into the system . 
  even now , with the backs against the wall , italy refuse necessary reforms , and greece have n't even implemented half of the stuff from * the first bailout * . 
  it does n't work that you give them some money and they become competitive . 
  if that were the case , it would have happend . 
  instead , you take them on to support them for the forseeable future . 
  even with countries that does want to change - take ddr as an example . 
  brd has pumped * trillions * into it , and it is still not as competitive as brd , 23 years after the fact . 
  and , they still receive over $ 100 billions/year ( i looked it up :-) so , what you will take on is giving money to the south , for at least 30-40 years , probably forever , since the culture . 
  and , it will be double digit of your gdp , no doubts . 
  ddr/brd , ratio was 20 million/60 million . 
  south/north is 145/180 , and that is if france take full responsibility , but they are in trouble as well . 
  so sending 25 % of your gdp south for the next 50 years ? 
  how does that sound ? 
   why not have the transfers . 
  yes , that is going to be extremely unpopular . 
  but i feel the alternative is the breakup of the euro , something germany can not afford . 
  you are correct in your analysis btw , as far as i can tell . 
  can you afford supporting southern europe forever ? . 
  breaking up the euro is expensive , but then you are out and can control your destiny . 
  supporting the south for forever is a slow , and very expensive death . 
  in the end , sending double digits of gdp south will always be more expensive . 
   and i really hope the euro will be saved . 
  there is idealistic motivations for this , from somebody who just wants everybody to get along . 
  and there is economic motivations . 
  i think the importance of the euro to an economy which exports a lot into the eurozone can not be underestimated . 
  we can pour a lot of money into this thing and still come out in the black . 
  which may be part of the problem  i understand that you want to save the euro , but which euro ? 
  the euro that is in yours , and other idealistic peoples head ( not that it is anything wrong with dreams ) or the real euro ? 
  why do you want a euro , where a treaty is not more worth than toilet paper ? 
  how can you built upon that ? 
  do n't you agree that everyone has to follow the treaty ? 
  or , write a new one . 
  so , if you want to save it , you should have answers to how to start following the treaty or write a new one . 
  hint - none of the two can happen in the next decade , at least . 
  do you think the ez can ignore treaties forever ? 
  we need to vote , and then i can guarantee it will be a sound no to sending more money south . 
  and , the alternative is not letting us vote . 
  that is not a true alternative either . 
  if you truly believe in the euro , you need to have a democratic euro , where one follows the law . 
  that actually rules this one out , does n't it ? 
  also , the advantages of the euro seems to be overestimated . 
  finland did a bit better than sweden , the first 5 years . 
  however , it has been doing worse since 2008 , and they have to borrow more . 
  do n't think the finns do n't know this . 
  of course , economics it is not like math ( several different reasons ) , but it is becoming harder and harder for the finns to defend the euro because of its advantages . 
  there is a reason that the true finns , who wants to quit the euro are the 3rd biggest party 820 % ) . 
  also , for the future - you can never ever get the finns to pay 25 % of their gdp for the next 40 years , not while the swedes and danes sits there laughing , counting our kronor . 
  which brings me really to the most important point , something that everyone seems to have lost sight off . 
  a currency union is supposed to be beneficial , to bring advantages . 
  i do n't think the euro , in its current form is bringing any advantages for anyone . 
  short run , the north , but in the long run you will loose to . 
  countries are supposed to want to be in ones , not fight to stay out ( sweden , poland etc ) . 
  the euro is n't anything a good currency union should be . 
  it lacks the integration and the transfer mechanism , the bank union , the debt pooling . 
  and , it does n't care about any law , rules and regulations . 
  no wonder it is failing .
