  why ca n't we do that then ? 
  besides , i do n't see why the hate towards the english papers . 
  i might point out that a lot of swedish write the same , and a lot of swedis academics too . 
  further - where are the fines that all countries that has broken the stability pact should pay ? 
   second , the cap is n't paid out per cow . 
  do n't be absolutely fucking ridiculous . 
  it has a formula that 's used to determine how much each agricultural entity deserves based on things such as size of land , average yearly income in the country it 's being applied to , and so forth . 
  of course it is n't . 
  i was talking about `` skogsbete '' . 
  that is how the cows go outside to eat , in the summer/spring ( when the weather allows it ) , in sweden . 
  you get grants based on the size of the land , and the `` condition '' , for lack of a better english word . 
  the condition , is among other things , based on the number of trees/ha ( hectar ? ) . 
  so , the farmer gets grants for the pasture where the cows goes to feed based on the size and the conditions - are you with me so far . 
  to get more grant , for free feeding cows , there needs to be less tree than 50 / unit ( i believe that is the measurement , it might be 40 or 60 , i can look it up if you want to ) . 
  the problem is , that in sweden ( and finland , poland , lithuania etc ) we might not have that many pastures/free grassland to let our cows roam free on . 
  those we have , are mostly used for crops , actually . 
  instead , what is most common is `` skogsbete '' , which can be translated to `` forest pasturage '' . 
  you basically let the cows feed in the forest ( although i 'd say it is rarerly a dense forest ) . 
  it might look like [ this ] ( http://www.upplandsstiftelsen.se/temp/9aa7f0930b8558914f2411510b74c995_2a1178e37a789c3795e4ea9c04429201.jpg ) . 
  however , since the swedish farmer is doing that and do not have access to the same open meadows , he gets less per cow * even if * his cows are just as well fed , have been outside just as much or more , even if it is the same sort of cow even , weighing just as much . 
  the problem is , there are to many trees , so the swedish farmers grant is cut . 
  this is due to france writing the rules , of course . 
  also , they are aware of it , but are ( of course ) refusing to change it . 
  see , i did know what i was talking about - and you are an arrogant prick !!!, 
  i 'd like for you to explain why swedish farmers should get less for the land ? 
  what is wrong with skogsbete ? 
  second , you did n't even answer the question about democratic deficiency . 
  are you saying 123 and 125 are not being broken daily ? 
   if the rest of the nations would abrogate their defense budgets to the eu , the cap budget would probably be less than 1 % first , what does the defence has to do with the cap ? 
  a common defence would indicate one state , and we are not there yet . 
  second , if the cap was fair and balanced , i would n't mind , but it is n't . 
  france get more than their fair , share , it is biased against eastern europe , sweden and finland , and spain , portugal france get more than they should . 
  it is not focusing on environmental sustainable procedures . 
  what more , it is absolutely no connection about the wealth of the country and how much it receives , ( example , french farmers receives more than lithuanian ) . 
  the cap is * less * stupid and damaging than it used to be , but it does n't mean that it is not damaging or stupid . 
  for example , can you explain why sweden , in a lot of cases get less money per exactly the same cow , fed and brought up in the exact same way than the french counterpart ? 
  we have been arguing about that since we joined in 1995 , do n't tell me the french have n't noticed , they just do not care . 
   secondly , what democratic deficit ? 
  i see it as a democratic deficit , that every day they are disobeying the rules , laws and regulations of the lisbon treaty , the statue of the ecb , the stability pact and basically anything else you can think of . 
  do n't you think it is ? 
  if the chef of the swedish central bank blatantly disobeyed the rules , he would be fired - immediately . 
  if reinfeldt ignored the constitution , he would be too actually . 
  why does n't that happen in europe ? 
  should people be able to ignore laws and get away with it - is that your opinion ? 
  can you tell me why nothing has happend to those who ignore rule 123 and 125 of the ecb for example . 
  those rules who clearly state that each and every country is responsible for their own debt , and no other countries tax payers should share the burden . 
  what is more , the ecb is forbidden to buy individual securities from individual countries ( like the bonds they are buying each and every day from southern europe ) . 
  when they are disobeying , they should be punished , or let go , should n't they ? 
  instead , nothing happens to people who break the law . 
  that is certainly a democratic deficiency , the eu do not care about following the rules and regulations they set up . 
  or are you saying it is ok not to obey ? 
  oh , and why have n't any of the countries that should have been punished for not following the stability pact been punished ? 
  a country/union/whatever , who does n't manage to make people or regions follow the rules are in deep shit , and that is extremely troubling . 
  ca n't you see that ? 
  also , since the eurozone , slowly ( and completely against the rules ) is pushing the eu towards a federal union , should n't we be allowed to vote about it ? 
  or , do you think eu should go completely federal without people voting ? 
  but should n't we be allowed to vote about it ? 
  and , if so - when ? 
  and , in addition , [ here ] ( http://www.brasize.com/average-bra-size.html ) is an equal worthless list and map of breast sizes in europe and the world . 
  personally , while certainly no expert , i do not believe the breast map when it comes to scandinavia . 
  i am not under the impression that we swedes for example have bigger breasts than southern europe . 
  it seems like triumph agrees with me :-) . 
  breasts are also at least somewhat easier to estimate size of than penises ... 
  exactly . 
  what if people of europe do n't want a federal europe ? 
  they can not allow us to say that , can they ? 
  i think it is easy , let those who want a true federation have one . 
  the rest of us ( i am sure we will be quite a few ) will continue in our loose fashion . 
  i do not mind being the 2nd class country , or whatever they will call it , as long my budget get decided in stockholm , not brussels . 
   meh , it 's not getting worse how is it not getting worse if they are breaking the laws every day and more and more money are being illegaly transferred , without anyone doing anything about it ? 
   ) democratic legitimacy say what ? 
  eu does n't deal with that :-) . 
  ok , it sounded like they eu was fixing things , and they were not . 
  i am saying that the eu is getting worse , every day . 
   yeah , this really is a very big problem with the eu as it is today . 
  i think we can both agree to this . 
  i think most people in this forum , in europe , or in the world , agree that it is a problem :-) . 
  however - what is being done ? 
  nothing . 
  the eu has absolutely no credibility whatsoever until they start dealing with that . 
   i 'm talking about contributions , not subsidies -- i.e. 
  how each country 's membership fee is calculated should be according to a fair system that treats everyone equally , not based on whatever current pm 's diplomatic prowess ( thatcher ) or that country 's specific economic structure . 
  yes , you have a very good point there , however , they are n't even following the current rules and regulations , so i do n't think they are about to calculate a new system . 
   the cap is controversial for a reason -- it 's a really complicated system designed to regulate an extremely complicated market . 
  i 'm not against getting rid of it , but most of the time people do n't actually realise what that means -- are europeans ready to occasionally pay significantly more for basic foodstuffs ? 
  i have read a lot about the cap and i do not agree with you there . 
  it is mainly beneficial to france , spain , italy etc , not to the rest of europe . 
  while i agree that we need a system for subsidising the agricultural industy , i think it can be done a lot better for example if sweden did it on their own . 
  as it is now , half of the money we pay to the eu goes to subsidise farmers in other countries , while , explicity , treating our own unfairly . 
  i do n't mind paying extra for other countries , but then it needs to be a fair system . 
  it is n't , it is a horrible system that is n't even sustainable . 
  it is the same for a lot of other countries , as well , denmark too , i am sure . 
  and again - where are the reforms ? 
  they promise reforms , but it never happens ( or at least not to a significant degree ) . 
  so , something needs to happen . 
  my suggestion is that we remove the cap completely , and pay on our own - or , we reform it completely . 
  neither is very likely to happen , the eu is just going to continue to discriminate sweden ( together with most of eastern europe for example ) and take our money . 
  why should we continue with a crap system when we can reform ? 
  well , because the french want to . 
  apparently that is enough .
