   a considerable number of people is boycotting food from the area . 
  maybe in italy - most swedes are not aware - i 'd like this lifted to an eu level . 
  i mean , i tell people in sweden when it comes up , but that is not really often . 
  i 've found telling pregnant women or people with toddlers is the smartest thing to do . 
  i 'd like an eu warning label . 
   yi , mozzarella is made all over the country ( including in my own region , which is hundreds of kilometers and a couple of mountain ranges removed from naples ) . 
  it 's mozzarella di bufala which is the local specialty from the affected area . 
  a ) yes i know it is buffalo mozzarella , i should have clarified that . 
  b ) that is the nice one ... . . c ) . 
  and there is no chance ever of people taking that milk , re-labeling it and transporting it to another area of italy ? 
  i mean , the relabeling and cheating with products get done , that is proven , as with olive oil . 
  how can i trust italian products if they are re branded and if the authorithies/government are so corrupt that scandals like poisioning a whole region happens ? 
  i mean , that is not three barrel of toxin buried in the 80 's , we are talking about a deeply corrupt area . 
  and it has happened . 
   orry , how many cases of illegally re-labeled toxic produce are confirmed ? 
  i do not know . 
  i fear also that one do not test italian products as thoroughly as one should . 
  i mean , normally you do n't test cheese for x number of toxins that the camorra might feel it is fun to bury , or x thousand cancerous element . 
  one sort of test them for bacteria or something , not arsenic or dioxin . 
  to make clear - i do n't think it is fun to boycott italian products , and i have great respect for its food culture , but maybe that would jolt the italian government out of its sleep . 
  warning label on everything from naples ... do n't you think ? 
  and frankly - i am an environmentalist and try to eat healthy and little co2 , organic etc - well , italy gave me a reason to stay away from its products . 
  i avoid baltic fish , i am not going to eat buffalo mozzarella ( unfoturtunately , was my favourite ), 
  they are right of course but the ez will not listen . 
  the euro is great currency , nothing that a bit of fiscal responsibility and austerity will not cure seems to be there motto . 
  personally i think the ez is heading toward japan 's territory but much worse . 
  do n't the eu ban growth hormones to ? 
  oh , a troll who does n't read links and accepts facts . 
  how very odd ... ... keep trolling . 
   actually it is the drug laws that causes all the problems . 
  so change them - and why do you even have private prisons ? 
   hopefully the prison-industrial complex has peaked , and will no recede . 
  hoepfully . 
  of course . 
  [ link 1 ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/copenhagen-climate-cables-the-us-and-china-joined-forces-against-europe-a-733630.html ) [ link 2 ] ( http://www.motherjones.com/blue-marble/2010/12/wikileaks-us-manipulated-copenhagen ) . 
  [ link 3 ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2010/dec/03/wikileaks-us-manipulated-climate-accord ) . 
  [ link 4 ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2014/jan/30/snowden-nsa-spying-copenhagen-climate-talks ) . 
  you 'll ignore this - you are so blinded in your patriotism and do not accept any critiscism against the us , it is evident in your posts . 
  no , you are sad . 
  do you want the links to how the judicial system does n't work ? 
  and the links on how the us mess up the environment ? 
  it is not a lie - but you are a troll . 
  go away . 
  sigh . 
  i am an environmentalist , this has been thoroughly discussed , outside of the article . 
  please read wikileaks about it . 
  and snowden 's papers . 
  but it still the greeks choice . 
  your faith should not be decided by non grekish voters . 
  and what if they press harder next time you want something reasonable . 
  a re - negotiation of the energy directives ? 
  and , it is not only the greeks . 
  should the eu fight lepen . 
  how and why ? 
  who decides that ? 
  if sweden and finland goes against the eu standard and chooses very non eu parties , that hate the cap and structural funds for example , should we be threatened ? 
  fought against ? 
  manipulated ? 
  exactly where do you draw the line and who decides whom to support . 
  and how do you make that process democratic ? 
  why not just let the voters in each country decide and then negotiate with whom they choose . 
  is n't that the most fair thing to do ? 
  at least china together with the us have actively tried to ruin the international climate deals ( thanks wikileaks and snowden ) we should try to set a stop to that - and/or call them out more . 
  i have n't seen any global leader take them to task for that . 
  i think part of the solutions ghat be nuclear . 
  certainly renewable energy is preferably , but that can not cover our needs - and we need to act now . 
  a nuclear reactor can be built in 5-10 years , and then no more co2 . 
  and of course nuclear with renewables not without . 
  that is wrong . 
  i hope they tell the eu to go to hell . 
  oh , for fucks sake - we did not have the sane problem and i have asked you how many reports you want to prove it !, 
  answer then . 
  how many reports do you need to prove that we have and had less of a problem with the black economy ? 
  second - as long as you get money from us you better get your fucking facts right and not cheat !, 
  i do n't care if france has the same . 
  problem - the do n't live off our money . 
  and certainly not like you do attack the person who is angry about your cheating !, 
  who does that apart from you . 
  why are you attacking me instead of your country ? 
  why not saying this is horrible and we are idiots . 
  and again - a ) we are not and have never been the same b ) your narrative that 100 % of those who cheat are poor is wrong and you know it . 
  who cheated before 2008 then ? 
  you were receiving money from us before 2008 and you lied !!!!!, 
  maybe you should have received no money before 2008 then . 
  will you pay all of it back.c ) no , not everyone who cheats are poor , and if you think that i am so stupid that i believe that you are an idiot . 
  luckily your greatest scandals should make the international news so i need just one cheating scandal in spain after 2009 who does n't involve anyone starving to death to prove you wrong . 
  do you dare to take that bet ? 
  that the only ones who has cheated in spain at all after 2009 are poor people . 
  or are you going to abandon your stupid story that everyone who cheats are poor , 100 % . 
  that is a lie . 
  at the end of the day you are defending cheaters and that a country who lies about its income receives money . 
  and you did n't pay the same tax levels before the crises either ? 
  and you received money then . 
  so you paid less , and got from us . 
  will you pay that back then ? 
  fact is - you have never paid as much as we have . 
  never . 
  and - at the end of the day you are attacking me for being angry that my tax money goes towards black economy , corruption and tax fraud . 
  instead of cleaning that up you attack me - why ? 
  clean up your country instead .
