  furthermore - one needs to take up taxes to fulfil ones obligation , for example welfare , like pensions and health care but also for things like national debt . 
  it says itself if a country can not decide over it taxes since they are controlled by a central government , you can not expect the local government to guarantee things like debt or pensions - how could they , they are not making the financial decisions ? 
  they ca n't guarantee anything . 
  no , we better transfers those things as well to that central government . 
  yeah , but a common fiscal policy and a more integrated economy also means far more permanent transfers to poorer regions and for example the sharing of debt and guaranteeing things like pensions , health care . 
  i doubt he wants that . 
  hmm , norway , do n't ... you see , you have oil and the us needs a war in the next 5-10 years , they always do . 
  ca n't go a decade without a war , one has to justify those military spendings . 
  at least complain under another name , like andorra or something . 
  on the other hand , one can be sure that sweden will not complain . 
  we probably did it all by ourselves and then handed over every single thing , no questions ask , like a good little puppy . 
  if you are scottish and want to read it you can find the report at the bottom of [ this ] ( http://www.ieep.eu/work-areas/climate-change-and-energy/mitigation/2013/10/assessing-scotland-s-progress-on-the-environmental-agenda ) page . 
  i think that it is very good that reports like this gets ordered by non profit organisations that can shine the sportlight on problematic areas . 
  my only wish is that it would be done for every country in europe . 
  i bet a lot of us would n't come out looking so good . 
  unfortunately perhaps , but necessary to improve oneself . 
  because there are two different things . 
  you might think the us is an ass for doing what they did but that might not mean that you want to throw oil on the fire . 
  furthermore , as far as i know i think it would violate treaties we have with the us . 
   france and germany are petty little countries compared to the us . 
  they do n't have to worry about balancing multiple mutually antipathetic allies in every region on earth . 
  germany gets to play the sweet innocent milkmaid everywhere , while france can stomp around in north africa and nowhere else . 
  as for poland , being invaded is usually a unifying motivator . 
  it 's easy to stay unified when you have enemies on all sides because everyone hates you . 
  well , you would have less enemies if you stopped behaving they way they do . 
  have you apologized to iraq yet about invading them for example ? 
  you lied about that btw ? 
  and , you know this thread started with americans behaving like assholes saying that we should be grateful for your spying - yeah , you are a really cool bunch ...  that 's not a lot of other countries , that 's five other countries , and you have managed to cherry pick the five countries in europe that have n't managed to have a civil war or a revolution in the timeframe we 're talking about . 
  no , a lot more avoided civil war , but not war . 
  it is sort of hard if you are on a continent with + 50 countries , including germany , france , russia and the uk to stay out of them . 
  in north america you have far , far fewer countries , and you still have managed to be involved in more wars than some of us . 
  but if you want to know countries that have avoided civil war - ireland , iceland , portugal , andorra , austria , belgium , estonia , latvia , lithuania , poland , czech republic , albania , finland , norway , malta , cyprus ( who was invaded ) slovakia , romania , bulgaria , hungary and more ( a bit shady on the last , they are a few areas they argue about back and forth , but that can be seen as war then , according to your definition ) . 
  so , if you definition is civil war - most countries have avoided that . 
  including germany btw.they had a failed revolution in 848 and two world wars , but no civil war . 
  neither had austria . 
  so , the civil wars that you are so proud that you only had one - well , most of us managed to avoid that completely . 
   i do n't want a handful of jacobins shoving whatever laws they want down our throats anyway . 
  i 'd rather legislation be onerous to pass , that way the final results are generally at least pretty popular , though the aca is a notable and catastrophically unpopular exception . 
  jacobins - what century are you living in ? 
  in god 's name , i talked about writing a constitution that would lead to more effective governing and a bigger chance of getting what people truly care about if you look at polls on the agenda , not what corporations wanted . 
  however , i really do n't care if you deny your own problems , like low social mobility , extremely low on health care and equality , bad on education , biggest number of people in prison , ever no matter how you count , a lot of people living in poverty , people believing evolution is fake etc - well , i find that idiotic , but to each his own . 
  but the problem is when your idiocy become our problems , like iraq war , your climate denyingg , subsidising oil and leaving a climate footprint that is far to big or feeling it is a good thing to shake up the world market . 
  i thought a more effective government could fix at least those things . 
  yes , you are right , you are bigger and more important and the fact is that you have managed to shut down your own government and being constant victims of the tea party would be seen as a problem in most other countries and something to deal with - but , to each his own . 
  it is however , damaging you . 
  but i guess you want that then . 
   there 's no polite way to put this , but frankly , it 's much easier to agree on petty little problems of petty little countries than on the problems facing earth-straddling commercial empires . 
  swedes do n't have to decide whether to intervene in syria or rwanda , or whether to bulk up their navy to ensure the defense of japan and taiwan . 
  your problems are cheap and low-risk , and your population small and largely unified . 
  well , france and germany can agree , are their problems ok ? 
  spain ? 
  what size is ok ? 
  besides , i 'd say countries that have a hell of a lot more problems than you have , like poland for example are actually not having petty little problems , they are invaded all the time . 
   anyway , i would like to point out that it has been 200 years , and america has an extremely good track record for stability . 
  if you exclude wars with other countries ... .  we celebrate the constitution because it unites us and because it works well , then , i guess there will be no more shutdowns , stalling , extreme difficulty to get laws through , stuff like corporations are people or the way extremely rich people influence the politics , to a level unheard of here . 
  i would n't say that it is working but to each his own i suppose . 
   anyway , i would like to point out that it has been 200 years , and america has an extremely good track record for stability . 
  in 240 years , we 've had only one civil war , no coups , no revolutions , no massive insurgencies . 
  compare that to france ( who have had five republics , two empires , and a kingdom since we 've been around ) or germany or russia , and we look pretty good . 
  there are a lot of other countries , the uk , sweden , denmark , the netherlands , switzerlands etc that has not had revolution in the timeframe you mention , you deliberately picked a few that had ( on a continent that like to wage wars ), 
   that 's why it seems like we `` obsess '' over the founding documents . 
  if we do n't , then we have nothing to unify us . 
  that was 200 years ago , and the australlians , brazilians , argentinians etc do n't really obsess like that over their constitutions really . 
  i mean , there is a us know , no doubt about it , and no one is saying have * no * constitution , just another one . 
  what is more , i mean , it is not difficult to see that it needs to change , and it is just a document . 
  however , i do n't even have to be an american to imigine the rants of how unpatriotic that would be of me , no respect for freedom , founding fathers etc - even though it would make sense to rewrite that thing . 
  i mean , one ca n't blame history all the time ( although we do it too ) . 
  another thing is that it seems that the parties are unable to cooperate , even slightly . 
  i mean , most parties in europe would see that ineffectiveness is not a good thing , no matter the goverment and try to change that . 
  it does n't seem like the parties in the us can agree upon anything . 
  yes , maybe we should allow people to express their opinions freely even if we do n't agree so they should n't feel that the only person who will defend their right to free speech is a far right demagogue . 
   we have hate speech laws in europe to stop that type of thing , no reason / r/europe should n't do the same thing . 
  and now must countries have parties like national front or other versions that have 10 -30 % . 
  at what point will we listen ? 
   it 's racism and prejudice . 
  well , racism and prejudice * is * part of europe . 
  very much so i 'd say , and it no use pretending it is not . 
  i 'd much rather that people express is openly , than doing what our politicians are doing , and pretend it does n't exist , or should n't be expressed . 
  for example , i much rather have someone say outright that gays people are icky and he hates them because he thinks man-man sex is horrible which makes them people who deserves to be beaten up , than trying to dress it up in `` i am not sure about them raising children '' . 
  no , out with the opinions in the open !, 
  is it hard for them ? 
  i mean , are the politicians just not going to give a crap and give them all sorts of trouble ? 
  i find their stance impressing . 
  but those opinions are a part of europe too . 
  should we just pretend that they do n't exists and then politely sit around disucssing roma integration and pet ourselves on the back for being so correct and then perhaps wondering why integration is n't working ? 
   it 's blackmailing because austerity is forced on to a country 's population , which has no other option , including defaulting . 
  so , no demands at all ? 
  ok , how would greece have paid their bills ? 
  could you please explain that , in detail please . 
   they did it to protect their banks and to a larger extent , their economies . 
  no way. , germany could have bailed their banks out far , far cheaper than to partly bail them out as they have , bail out greece banks , borrow greece * hundreds of billions of euros * that does n't even show up through target 2 and billions of euros that does show up . 
  not to menation how bloody unpopular it is . 
  so , it would have been cheaper to bail out the banks , just that . 
  their economy is strong enough . 
  and please , explain to me why finland , estonia and everyone else ( african countries for example ) are making money and protecting themselves through bailing out greece . 
  in detail with links please . 
   negligence and professional incompetence that leads to the loss of life is a chargable offense , you know . 
  i think that is how the greek economy has been run for decades , as is still run . 
  have they even started to tax their second biggest industry , shipping ? 
  that says a lot .
