  better at balancing budget ? 
  ( no ) , better at health care ? 
  ( no ) , better at retirement ? 
  big things , that matters , not little , idiotic ones . 
  also , i most certainly missed how the united states of europe , that you promote , is going to be less corrupt than sweden . 
  you said it can be done , but refuse to say how . 
  how can you guarantee that ? 
   the lovely berlusconi and the lovely rajoy directly affect you in the current system . 
  the lovely berlusconi now controls 1 % of my money , not 40-50 % of my money , like you want it . 
  how stupid would i be to agree to that . 
  basically you seem to want to blackmail me into some sort of federal state , with the argument we are already corrupt and affecting you , so you * have to join * . 
  that is a really , really bad argument , if you do n't realise it . 
  is that truly the best argument you 've got ? 
  also - do n't you think we should be able to vote yes or not about it , or are you just going to force soverign states to stop being soverign states ? 
  how then ? 
  otherwise , the maastricht treaty is not going to be renegotiated anytome so , so put your dreams on hold . 
  or , do you mean that it will be renegotiated ? 
  when then ? 
  also , you never answered what the eu did better than my state , sweden . 
  i said , some research , i 'd like the trade union and stuff like education , but otherwise - what ? 
  finances and economics ? 
  environment - what ? 
   why ? 
  a more transparent and open political system does n't mean more gets spent . 
  you do not seem to understand what a federal state is . 
  the eu can be more open without being a federal state . 
  however , will not help the corruption in greece , italy , spain etc a federal state , what is what you are suggesting is something like germany or the us . 
  rather independent states , withing a huge state . 
  and yes , all of them pay something to the lines of between 30-70 % of their taxes to the federal government . 
  you are suggesting a federal government , which would mean a eu president , a eu finance minister etc. 
  in short , a united states of europe . 
  here , read up on what you are suggesting . 
  [ link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/federation ) . 
  just a quote : * political entity characterized by a union of partially self-governing states or regions united by a central ( federal ) government * so , you want all of the eu to give up their sovereignity . 
  good luck with that . 
  i 'll fight you until my dying days and i 'd much rather my country leave the eu , than not exists anymore , apart from some sort of `` north eu '' , where you can extract tax money from . 
   the big decisions are made in secret negotiations . 
  exactly . 
  you proved my point . 
  also , you did in no way calm my fears that sweden would be open to more corruption , you did n't give a single argument . 
  how can you guarantee , for the finns for example , that no more tax money will be spent in corruption , that no more shady deals will be taken , than now , when they are number 1 in the non corruption league . 
  how ? 
  i want you to extensively write about that . 
  oh , i say kex with a hard k. i just spelled it oddly . 
  i thought about it , the flower hundk\u00e4x , btw is spelled with an \u00e4 by me , even though i normally write kex . 
  interesting . 
  post that article about italy as an individual link , i am sure people will upvote it . 
  good news should be upvoted . 
  i had no idea that the irish debt/gdp ratio was so high , 125-150 % . 
  well , angela is n't saying , but everyone knows that the rich eurozone countries will have to pay off/forgive the indebted countries debt at some point . 
  however , i wonder how it will fly for the belgians , with a debt/gdp ratio of 120 % to start paying off someone else 's debt . 
  they do not seem to mind though , probably the finns will resist the most . 
  it will make for an interesting autumn though ( another greek bailout is due soon , is n't it ? ), 
  although i bet angela will do her most to delay everything until after the elections . 
  then they can continue with the bailouts , business as usual again . 
  why are you always want everything to be about spain ? 
  what is wrong with an article about france . 
  you often do this , ask why they do not mention spain . 
  i do not mind spain , but every article do not have to mention them , or make everything in comparison to spain . 
  haha , i had forgot how whiny the poles are . 
  thanks for remiding me . 
  i do not agree with you . 
  up until g\u00f6teborg ? 
  no , then you have n't seen the winters in sm\u00e5land , blekinge , northeastern sk\u00e5ne . 
  also , even in halmstad , the areas around there , it is a bit colder than denmark , which makes it a lot icier . 
  you might be right about malm\u00f6 , ystad , helsingborg and the area around there . 
  that is a it is a very small part of sweden though . 
  were they bailed out with spanish money or eu - money ? 
  a bit off topic perhaps , but he is privately rich , is n't he ? 
  i ca n't spell anymore . 
  recently i mixed up s\u00e4tt and sett too . 
  wonder if it is an early sign of alzheimers . 
  however , i wonder if k\u00e4x is n't one of those words you can spell in two different ways . 
  i agree with you that the structural regional funds are n't that effective and could be put to better use , but i think in this case , if i understand u/angryspaniard correctly , that spain paid for it themselves . 
  a bit high on the cheap credit perhaps , but still . 
  not more fun if you are a spanish person though . 
  i do know that the eu is only 1 % . 
  however , are you claiming that of the spanish gdp , only 1 % is corruption . 
  quoting from memory now , but according to transparency international , spain holds the 34 place , italy number 62 , and greece - was it 82 ? 
  compare that to finland , number 1 , sweden and denmark 5 and 3 , uk , netherlands and germany are all below 15 . 
  it is inevitable that an italian politician learn certain behaviour , it is also inevitable that some of those politicians and or accountants etc , or whatever it is , take it with them when they work for the eu . 
  and , personally i would n't vote for corrupt bastards , but rather evidently , a lot of people , particularly in southern europe have no problem with that . 
  how the fuck do you otherwise explain the fact that corrupt politicians like berlusconi and the greek ones not only get elected , but re-elected . 
  apparently , it is ok with corrupt assholes . 
  a federal eu would mean that the southern votes would influence my country a lot more . 
  no thanks , i have seen how they vote.ore of my money would go to brussels - to do what ? 
  a federal state would also mean that we would pay more to other states within the eu - forget 1 % . 
  more like 40 % . 
  look at the us where some states instantly pay for other . 
  why should one sign up for that . 
  thankfully we would need a new treaty for that and that is not bloody likely . 
  furthermore , i have seen how the eu handle things they are in charge of . 
  they are completely in charge of the agricultural politics and not only have the made a fine mess of it , they have also managed to discriminate us , sweden . 
  they have also been heavily involved in the economics of the eurozone , bailouts , austerity , bank saves etc - would you that have been successful . 
  i ca n't think of any area where the eu have handled things better than my country actually . 
  which areas would you say ? 
  i see that the eu has it benefits as a trade union , and in cooperation around research , education , etc. 
  however , claiming like you do that it will and should be federal - i 'd rather leave . 
  we say k\u00e4x in swedish , it is probably something germanic . 
  at least the are herbivores , one will survive .
