  do you have articles that you can link to , in the ft , economist or something similar ? 
  i mean you specifically said  this is ok if the result is to reign in the bankers and prevent another catastrophe like the one from a few years ago . 
  how , exactly ? 
  how do you connect lehmann brothers for example with the ftt . 
  i would love for you , in detail to describe exactly how the ftt will stop it . 
  i happen to think the ftt will * not * stop it ( the market is so much more complext than that ) , that is why i would like to hear your detailed reasoning why the ftt would stop it , preferably with calculations . 
  it is a very bold statement in my mind , that is one of the reasons i am asking . 
  i want to see how you go from the ftt to no more financial crises . 
   it 's an example of a `` soft power '' approach , by adding in an extra financial cost to transactions , each one becomes a little riskier and that goes especially for small short term transactions . 
  it sweden they just moved abroad . 
   for more detail you need to talk to a banker , though . 
  that is what i was hoping , since you claimed that it would stop another lehman brothers ( which i unfortunately not believe , since i belive the financial market is much more complex than that ) that you could point me to some economical theory behind it as to why you can make that claim . 
  what bankers have gone public with that this will stop another lehman . 
  do you have names or companies so i can check it out ? 
  i have n't seen it , that is why i am wondering . 
  different states have been talking about it forever ( 70 's ) , and it used to be know as the tobin tax , after [ james tobin ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tobin_tax ) . 
  sweden was the first country to try it , with spectacular failure in the 90 's , and i do n't really think anyone has seriously thought about trying it again , until now . 
  it might have been mentioned , as a suggestion , but i never really think it was serious until the crises , particularely in the eurozone . 
  so now the ez countries need to make money to cover for what can best be described as eurozone costs . 
  otherwise i doubt they would have tried it , if they did n't need to raise that money . 
  no , it means that 11 of eu 's 27 states are going to try it out . 
  can you specify how this would stop a new lehman brothers , or what are you referring to ? 
  without the cyanobacteria there would be no humans . 
  the created the oxygen . 
   one thing to do is stop eating fish . 
  if corporations making money off of fish ca n't sell them , they 'll be a lot more incentive to improve cleaning of the water . 
  but i neither think that is feasible , nor desirable . 
  and , i know , that at least in sweden , a lot of the medicine is not the fault of corperations . 
  it comes from peoples urine , who take the medication . 
  do you know how to clean the water by the way ? 
  to what extent does the european sovereign debt crisis reveal the failings of the european welfare state model not at all really . 
  the countries with the most extensive welfare states are not the ones suffering . 
  the problems in the * eurozone * ( which is 17 states out of + 40 that are european ) are due to the fact that the euro is wrongly constructed , it is the most imperfect of currency unions . 
   and to what extent does it reveal the breakdown of european integration ? 
  what do you mean with european integration ? 
  what is that ? 
  do you mean integration in the * european union * ( not europe ) and do you refer to financial integration ? 
  if you are referring to financial integration in the european union , it has increased , in particular among the eurozone countries . 
  popular support for the union and the euro however has sunk , but is still high . 
  europe , the continent , is not and have never been that financially integrated , some countries among them are . 
  i mean , the nordic countries are somewhat integrated , benelux as well for example , but it is not like russia and ireland are integrated . 
  how much can the u.s. insulate itself from the consequences of europe 's sovereign debt crisis and to what extent should the u.s. government agree to work with european allies to find a solution ? 
  the euro is wrongly constructed , the us ca n't solve that . 
  should u.s. banking regulators discourage american banks and money market funds from investing in europe ( to limit exposure to potential losses on european investments ) ? 
  should the u.s. government encourage its european allies to hold together the single european currency or should it encourage failing countries like greece to leave the euro ? 
  if i were them i would just be quiet , greece will be forced to leave eventually . 
  perhaps i 'd mention it quietly in a talk with hollande/merkel/whatever italian prime minister there will be , but i would not take it as a official policy . 
  i am sure the us are quite prepared for it anyway , it would be professional misconduct not to be . 
  should the imf use its resources - including u.s.capital subscriptions - to bail out rich european countries , or should imf assistance be limited to technical advice and guidance ? 
  i understand some help from the imf , but not to the extent it has been given . 
  should the federal reserve provide access to liquidity in dollars for european banks operating in the u.s. and for european central banks operating in europe ? 
  no , unless it is a ) an emergency to save a country like germany that is important , but now i am thinking more along the lines of marshall aid . 
  not likely . 
  b ) perhaps aid , for and to greece for example when they are needing it after leaving the euro . 
  should the u.s. withdraw the u.s. from global capital markets or work more closely with allies in europe and elsewhere to draft new rules and regulations to make global markets more stable ? 
  do n't withdraw . 
  work with the rest of the world to regulate the market more ( both us and european banks for example ) . 
  what i find interesting/sad , is that as far as i am aware , we truly do not have a clue what to do with this information . 
  that is , we do not know how to `` clean '' the water from the medicine . 
  for decades we have known that estrogen in the water , from the pill can change how a fish looks , and give male fishes female features . 
  now we see a change in behaviour as well . 
  i guess it is good that we find out more how the medicine affect the fishes behaviour , but we really need to start finding out how to deal with this . 
  how do we purify/clean the water so there it will not harm our fishes ? 
  that is a good idea , i suspect the cardinals clothing will fit right into eurovision . 
  those hats are just fab . . also , not a catholic , but as i 've understood it , they have this gay thing going on in the church that i am sure will fit right in with eurovision . 
  how 's the current music situation in the church - oh , who cares , music is the least of the eurovision anyway . 
   oh sure , no one bears more responsibility than the greeks for getting themselves into this awful mess . 
   no one bears more responsibility than the germans for making it worse . 
  now you have misunderstood me completely . 
  what is most of all responsible for this mess , is the construction of the euro . 
  you can not only have a currency union , with such different economies . 
  if you look at what successfull ( not perfect , there is no such things ) currency unions have in common , there are also financially integrated , have common foreign debt , a banking union , transfer union , and above all , widespread support among the people . 
  now , compare this to the euro . 
  none of that exists , not properly . 
  so , when the eurozone countries joined together , there was ( and has been , according to eurostat ) a loss in competiveness with germany ( and finland etc ) for the souther giips countries with 20-30 % - and that is the numbers until 2008 , now it is probably more . 
  that did not happen because the greeks are lazy , or the germans are evil ( you seem to imply the latter ) it happens because it is was happens when you join disparate economies who have a ) different focus of their economies b ) different competitiveness . 
  frankly , the germans ( dutch etc ) were more competitive in many areas than the spanish , portuguese etc. 
  as a result , the giips country have to suffer something called [ internal devaluation ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/internal_devaluation ) , which is what is happening now . 
  you do not seem to get that . 
  it has everything to do with economic reality , nothing to do with the germans . 
  what one could do to help out , is what west germany did when ddr joined the d-mark . 
  they pumped * trillions * into ddr , raised taxes and made sure that the east germans had a minimum standard that was decent . 
  also , they made sure they had working banks , and ddr did n't have the foreign debt that many of the giip 's countries have . 
  west germany is * still * pumping in over $ 100 billion euro each year in ddr , and they are still not as competitive , and have higher unemployement , more than 20 years after . 
  of course , northern europe * could * do that . 
  northern europe , * could * take over all the debt for the giips countries , * could * raise taxes to make sure that the minimum requerements were met in southern europe , * could * make sure that their banks , all of them are saved , and pump more billions into southern europe . 
  and , settle for permanent transfers , say , each country will send 10 % of their gdp south each year . 
  however , that is not very likely to happen is it ? 
  political , it is suicide , the northern voters do not want that . 
  also , it actually goes * against * the maastrich and lisbon treaty . 
  not to mention , the popular support for what would be in all effects a `` united states of europe '' , is really low . 
  that however , is not just the germans , nor is it germany 's fault , that this will not happen . 
  i hardly see the support for it anywhere , are you saying the french would love to take on spains debt and send 10 % of their gdp south each year ? 
  so , we are left with what is happening now . 
  internal devaluation , recession etc. 
  that is also why i agree with you why greece have to leave , perhaps with portugal/spain , since they ca n't go on like this for the next 20 years , at least , like ddr , but without the help . 
  they are stuck between a rock and a hard place , and i do feel sorry for them , and i do not envy them , at all . 
  however , it is truly mindboggling to me , that you blame all this on the germans . 
  are they solely responsible for the construction of the euro ? 
  what about the french ?
