  so you decide to become a troll instead ? 
   greece was not the only country engaged in binge borrowing - virtually every major industrialized economy has done the same . 
  that more countries borrow like there is no tomorrow is no reason to join in ? 
  so , is your argument that `` he did it too '' ? 
  seriously - that does n't hold after the age of five . 
  so , he tortured too , so i get to do it ? 
  besides , in your swedish example - who exactly have we asked to bail us out ? 
  have n't we we been net payer or receiver to the eu/imf or any god damn institution you can think of . 
  the fact is , what you do not seem to get is , that it is not of any other countries business if for example , another country ( let us take norway ) have an expensive public sector * if they can afford it * . 
  same with borrowing , but added to that , i am sure you are aware of that the greeks cheated and lied their way into the euro . 
  i 'll happily provide links of course . 
  so , greece 's borrowing is other countries concerns because they keep asking other countries tax payers to pay for them + they are not following the maastrich treaty , which they have signed . 
  so , yes , it is much more a concern than sweden 's household debt . 
  also - what sterotype ? 
  the stereotype that they have borrowed like there is no tomorrow ? 
  their debt/gdp rate is 160 % - i rest my case . 
  the sterotype that they are , and have been the net recepients of money from the eu since they joined and failed to build up a competitive industry ? 
  well , prove me wrong then . 
  please , when have they ever been net provider to the eu ? 
  what has happened with the eu money ? 
  what other sterotype did i cite ? 
  oh , yes , the children one . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/greek-commission-concludes-germany-owes-billions-in-war-reparations-a-893084.html#.uwkw2lgfzzk.reddit ) , brilliant example . 
  actually , you have still to provide a single argument , why greece is so special , why other countries should carry their costs , why etc the only thing you have managed to do is attack me , the messenger . 
  i still have to see you post a rational , half intelligent argument as to why they are so special ( seriously , `` why should germany is not an argument '' , if you are over the age of five and since you ca n't even rationally explain why you have paired up those two - i can think of several other countries more rational to pair up greece with ) , and should have their debt forgiven . 
  so , until you do that and actually presents an argument , you are still a troll . 
  yes , and i have commented on that , several times in other threads . 
  sweden most certainly have a housing bubble in the making . 
  and , it is completely , and utterly our own fault and absolutely no one elses . 
  i also hope no one gives us a cent , we need to learn our lesson . 
  however , what you are doing is classic trolling . 
  you obviously have n't answered any of my question , or even presented any arguments . 
  instead , you have just attacked a completely different issue about a different country . 
  classic `` attack the messenger , so i hope they do not realise i have no arguments '' . 
  that tells me that a ) you do not have any arguments to support your idea b ) you honestly had n't even thought though your little idea through c ) you are a bad troll . 
  if you were halfway smart , you would at least try to keep it up for some time , post some bullshit article that supports you or something , but you are not even good enough to do that . 
  next time , try not to be so obvious with regards to the fact that you have absolutely no idea what you are talking about nor do you even have any arguments to back it up . 
  he has that universal grammar theory , and studied linguistic and philosophy , so i do not really know what you mean with scholar . 
  but , perhaps you were being sarcastic , it is hard to tell on the internet sometimes ... . 
   first of all , greece is a wealthy country . 
  not as wealthy as the north , but by all objective measures a modern industrialized economy . 
  and yes , greece is still actually wealthier than south korea on a nominal gdp per capita basis . 
  after 5 years of contracting . 
  of course , i 'm not sure that will still the case after this current austerity madness . 
  good - stop receive a single euro then and start being net payer . 
  as another european tax payer i am becoming bloody tired of paying . 
  second - prove that the structural funds money has been used well . 
   you should be aware that the recent bailout monies have been to shore up european banks i.e. 
  ensure they do n't go under . 
  this has been sold as a bailout to `` greeks '' but if you look at where the money has been going , its simply to the banking elite . 
  so - the greeks can be free to reject them . 
  however , they want to stay in the euro . 
  if they want to leave - fine . 
  why on earth should a rich country , who has mismanaged its finances receive debt cancellation , just because they have borrowed like there is no tomorrow ? 
  are the greeks more deserving than the italians ? 
  spanish ? 
  portuguese ? 
  finnish ? 
  swedes ? 
  why are they so special ? 
  because - in debt cancellation someone * always * picks up the tab . 
  you just do not want the greeks to do it , you want * other european tax payers * to do it . 
  how on earth can you ask an estonian who are much poorer than the greeks to pay them off . 
  out of the eu 's all countries - why should greeks be treated so special ? 
  why should my money go to them ? 
  what have they done to deserve that ? 
  frankly , i 'd much rather my money goes to a country who does n't behave like a child and borrow like a madman , the baltic states for example ( who are poorer than the greeks btw ) or romania/bulgaria . 
  i most certainly can understand debt cancellation for the thirld world countries , but according to yourself , greece is a rich country . 
  why should rich countries get debt cancellation ? 
  then it should go for all countries in the world - or what on earth makes the greeks so bloody special ? 
  second - why did they take all the loans ? 
  third - you forget that the greeks have a choice - they can choose to cancel their debt any day , just like argentine . 
  however , they have chosen not to . 
  that is not an answer ? . 
  is that honestly how you are going to convince people to pay off your debt . 
  take a random country , who in your world view has gotten more than they deserved , and then declare that you want the same ? 
  so , i can make those comparisons all day long . 
  why not forgive the belgian debt , they have really been invaded hard , and frankly , not received more money than the greeks ? 
  why not forgive brazilian debt ? 
  or , why not just cancel all the debt in the world ? 
  or , a lot of countries are receiving aid . 
  why ca n't belarus receive more aid ? 
  why ca n't latvia receive more aid ? 
  please - at least attempt to actually argue , otherwise you are just a troll . 
  i belong to the piraha people , and our language challenges chomsky , of course . 
  yes , but the french economy is not doing well , they ca n't afford this . 
  besides , point to the swedes and say it did n't even work there , in that socialistic country , so it will hardly work here . 
  i mean , the french are not stupid , the money they loose is more than the gains . 
  it is interesting that france is above italy . 
  when it comes to france i do n't think it is a question of if it is going to happen , but when , unfortunately . 
  it will be interesting to see what the eurozone will do then . 
  i obviously mean that i had very few emotions invested in thatcher - did n't grow up with parents hating/loving her . 
  what is mad about critscising chomsky ? 
  besides - it is very typical of you that you * still * have n't posted any actual information or sources - just attacked me , my sanity etc. 
  you are a very typical troll - no answers , but attack the messenger . 
  it has nothing to do with chomsky , whatsoever - you just do not want to admit that you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  but i am still waiting for your answers . 
  do you agree with chomsky 's stand on khmer rogue ? 
  do you agree with his stand on vietnam and nicaragua ? 
  could you post any analyses he has done of the economics during the thacher regime ?
