  why should we settle for that ? 
  furthermore - if we keep on footing the bills they will never learn . 
  look at estonia and poland , estonia did n't exist when greece , spain and portugal joined , but now they are paying . 
  that is the essence of the south - look at the development of greece and compare it with vietnam , korea , estonia , poland etc. 
  do you really think it is good to keep on transferring money to greece the way we are doing ? 
  they are not improving . 
  southern europe is an example of that . 
  and it is not just that - the eu , in particular the populous south want more transfers and more power . 
  do you think it is a good idea to hand over more power to the people who want and have created the cap ? 
  i saw what they did with our agriculture . 
  what is the next thing the eu is going to fuck up ? 
  the things i think that they can ad to is ( sometimes ) research , wducation , environment . 
  what else wilk tgey do better . 
  energy ? 
  hardly , we have cheap energy and no coal . 
  spme of them subsidies coal . 
  banks ? 
  hardly , i have seen the bank saves they make . 
  what has happened to all the money we have spent ? 
  how many more billions ? 
  it does n't look like it is ending , us it ? 
  it is worse in some countries . 
  and , if one want to improve , one does n't elect and re-elect berlusconi for example . 
  one pays ones taxes . 
  so , i see the eu and i do not like it . 
  and , they outnumber us . 
  tobacco , is being subsidied , i posted correct links afterwards which i also explained to you . 
  also , why do we get less per cow than the french ? 
  why does no one care about the antibiotics use etc etc ? 
  and it is a southern thing when it comes to the cap - the single biggest post in the budget . 
  the north is generally siding with us . 
  but , i have a suggestion then . 
  if it does n't matter - remove the cap and let us take care of our own agriculture . 
  according to you they are so enormously science and environment friendly , so let us remove it and see will be most scientific and environmental in ten years . 
  if according to you we are all alike , the the greeks will be more science oriented than us . 
  i do not believe that , but i will happily take that bet , anytime , that we will be and are more science and environmentally oriented , than the south in our agriculture . 
  and , if countries that are net payers ignore science that is hardly an excuse . 
  that os stupid . 
  we do it too.i hate that . 
  but , at least i do n't have to pay for them . 
  and , if sweden give so little , perhaps we can stop and greece give more ? 
  or portugal ? 
  why should we always be the one to pay and lower out standards ? 
  why ca n't they pay ? 
  they eve pay far less in taxes , so we pay for us and them . 
  that is hardly fair . 
  decades is not unrealistic . 
  if you look at the current development . 
  it has been five years and greece have a debt of 170 % . 
  how are you going to fix that ? 
  and , take a look at japan - are they unrealistic ? 
  the eurozone ( ez ) is looking more and more like it and it is hardly just me saying that . 
  same with italy and france - that is not short term trend lines . 
  their growth has been bad for a long time and italy is coming into the `` ca n't handle the debt territory '' . 
  but please , do n't take my word for it . 
  i am on my phone but go to wsj , handelblatt , ft or whatever huge financial publication . 
  you choose and read the analysis . 
  please do !, 
  sweden were never near that territory ( we might when our housing bubble blows , but different story ) and , again , why are we still throwing money in the bottomless pit that is the south after 32 !, 
  years ? 
  is that how the eu manages my money ? 
  that is bad governing , but the south outnumber us and vote for more transfers , always . 
  that is really the heart of it - the south gave no need to change as long as we pay for them . 
  there are several well funded economical theories about that actually and again , if the eu cared about science they would read up on that . 
  but then the transfers would stop , so we ignore science and vote for the north to pay , pay , pay . 
  emotions - of course but it is hardly emotions to state facts . 
  facts are that we are outnumbered by people who pay less taxes , are generally more corrupt , want to keep us paying for them , are far less interested in science and environment , something one can see from their behaviour , do not care about lessening the cap . 
  one can also see that the structural funds are crap , but the want to keep them . 
  all that is facts . 
  why would anyone want to be in a union like that ? 
   but , again , other countries obviously disagree that sweden 's standards are necessary or better . 
  i do n't think they disagree , they just do n't give a fucking shit . 
  it is a * scientific fact * that tobacco is bad for you , that is hardly news . 
  the have not facts that proves it is good - none . 
  yet the eu keeps shitting on that fact and force us to support tobacco . 
  so , they just do n't give a flying fuck , they just want money . 
  it is a * scientific fact * that we overuse antibiotic , a lot , and we should try to use less . 
  yet the eu do n't listen to us and we do n't get any bonus for not using one fifht of what the french use , in our agriculture . 
  in fact , we get less per cow than the french , not because of any * science * that could be logical ( as in for example our cows were smaller due to being indoor more , or something ) , but because of arbitrary reasons that the south have come up with ( not scienced based ) to squeeze money out of us . 
  it is a * scientific fact * that we need to work for the environment , yet they constantly vote against it . 
  so apparetnly these people who wastly outnumber us , do n't give a flying fuck about the environment and are constantly working against us who are trying to improve things . 
  everything they have done , how they act and how they vote prove it . 
  otherwise they would n't have fought against improvement in the cap , which they have done , * every single time * . 
  they just want money from us . 
  why would we want to be in a union with people who ignore science , ignore improving themselves , pay less taxes but want us to pay for them ? 
  and they outnumber us . 
  it is also a * fact * that we pay more taxes than anybody ( apart from the danes ) both by actually paying them , but also per percentage . 
  why should we pay for people who do not bother to pay their taxes and pay less ? 
   my own country had just made it to net payer status just before the current crisis . 
  and the current crisis makes it a little unfair to judge how countries are doing - sweden itself very nearly became a net beneficiary in 2009 . 
  no , it does n't . 
  sweden is out of the crises , the south is n't , and it is good reason for that . 
  and , the crises forces * us * who are not involved in it , to pay decades and billions more , when we have done nothing . 
  * if * the eurocountries were interested in solving it , they could , one way or another ( i 'd say abandon the euro , but to each their own ) , but the current crises probably will be going on for decades . 
  it is not unfair to judge the eu and several of its key countries for one of its absolutely biggest failures.i think the euro is heading towards japan btw , it will be an interesting next 20 years ... so , that is definately fair to judge the eu for it . 
  why should we remove stuff that the euro countries have fucked up ? 
   there i 'd agree with you . 
  but , as others have pointed out , what `` the eu '' - that is , the institutional eu - wants is not the problem . 
  and when it comes to the whole `` take take take with no improvement or intention to improve '' , we 're really talking about greece , because the other countries have improved . 
  italy , which seems to fomr part of your critique , is a net payer , not a net recipient .
