  personal responsibility the american way . 
  i need pictures . 
  i 've always wondered what an elf lobby looks like . 
  sigh . 
  it good that you come into this thread and prove without a shadow of a doubt how self centred and ignorant americans are . 
  are you going to sue me now ? 
  i am waiting for you know to provide the pros that the anti corruption laws work and that the corruption lessens when you are in the eu . 
  i want the proof . 
  but to show you i have to explain that we even have a different system . 
  you do not even seem able to grasp that fact . 
  how dense are you . 
  if you actually * knew * our system in the nordic systems , you would know it is built to discourage suing the way you do . 
  so what you are asking is essentially `` prove to me that you do not have the us system '' . 
  and if you do n't understand how dense and frankly insulting that question is , you are really an lost . 
  i am on r/europe . 
  i do n't have to prove anything . 
  to an american who thinks everyone else should prove to him that they do not have the us system . 
  it is so extremely us - centric of you , and pathetic . 
  educate yourself about the world . 
  really ? 
  i do not doubt you , but it just sounds so ... odd . 
  i mean , it is not like they do not have trains , nor do they all have some sort of death wish . 
  good . 
  and it is relevant where you are from . 
  we have to start with basic knowledge . 
  at least of the sort that you can be expected to know at r/europe . 
  are you aware and know the european systems ? 
  that can be expected , to know one or two systems in europe really well and have basic knowledge of other . 
  and , you see that it is * basic/general * knowledge that the us system is litigious and they sue more . 
  that is general knowledge that i do not have to prove . 
  the fact that you do not know that proves that you are american . 
  i think it is an american thing to sue people for fantasy sums just because they are stupid enough to fall off a train . 
  also , it must be american not to be aware of other judicial systems like sweden 's and therefore claim that it is just as common that swedes sue as americans . 
  it is extremely stupid and idiotic of you to claim that . 
  where were you from again ? 
  the case about the burglar is a myth i believe . 
  i asked my brother ( lawyer ) about it and he said it never happened . 
  it was a made up case of what could happen in theory and has been around since the 70 's . 
  besides i do not think most of them win . 
  you do know that if you sue someone and loose , you pay for their costs as well . 
  that is one of the reasons it is rarely done . 
  of course i can blame the woman . 
  she is trying to get fantasy sums for being an idiot . 
  and , it is not austria 's fault that the us have an idiotic system . 
  why should they pay for the fact that the us do not provide universal health care ? 
  perhaps she should try to get the us to change its system instead . 
  i do n't have to prove a bloody thing . 
  it is very silly of you to believe that the whole world is just as litigious as the us . 
  besides , i could but i am on my phone and going christmas shopping so no . 
  also , here it is known as common knowledge , that there are different court systems . 
  we do not have the prove that . 
  it is like asking me to prove that our stockholm is in sweden . 
  did you believe everything is like the us ? 
  did you honestly think people sue each other just as much in switzerland as in the us ? 
  many of us do not have the jury system for example . 
  do you need a source for that ? 
  why do n't you google a tad . 
  i do not have to research the fact that everything you get awarded in sweden is based on `` basbelopp '' a sum set in the highest court . 
  so , standard for a rape victim might be twenty basbelopp . 
  the courts rarely go outside of that but if the rape was really bad - perhaps 30 . 
  so , it is impossible for us to get the fantasy sums that the us people get . 
  and , if you loose you have to pay for the person you sue btw . 
  also , since we have a social security and health system the sum in court do not have to cover that - we pay for with our taxes . 
  i mean one of the reason the us have the most expensive health system in the world ( not the best mind you ) is that doctors have to have huge insurances . 
  just one of the gazillion things that makes the us health system more expensive . 
  that is me !, 
  i have my own coat of arms . 
  thank you for showing me . 
  no , i am not asking you to prove for all 28 countries . 
  i think sweden/finland can be rather hard , since we basically swap places around top five/top ten , and have for ages , but there should be huge differences from the eastern european countries that has been for a whole , like poland , hungary and the baltics . 
  and , of course , southern europe . 
  there are a lot of data of corruption and its development so it should be plenty that proves how the corruption has gone down in greece spain and portugal . 
  not to mention southern italy , they have really harsh corruption laws in the whole world . 
  and have been so long in the eu that they must be innocent as newborn babies by now . 
  obviously no risk at all that italy is corrupt . 
  i mean , they have the laws that the eu wants ... . . i mean , if laws is all you need as you say eu want , then italy is one if the least corrupt countries in the world . 
  certainly a lot better than scandinavia . 
  but we both know that is not the case . 
  if the laws was all that we need ( and is all the eu demands - ) what is wrong with italy . 
  that means that the eu is n't even demanding the right thing . 
  because again - italy gas really tough anti corruption laws . 
  above all - this is of course something the eu should be able not just to prove , but easily provide of course . 
  i mean , of the anti corruption measurements works one should see it . 
  and concerned citizens should really have thus proven to them . 
  so , please provide me with the fact that the eu lessens the corruption in a country . 
  i 'd like to see evidence from eastern and southern europe . 
  10 countries will do . 
  oh , and can you also provide me with the proof that harsher laws even work ( since you claim this is what the eu is using as working against corruption ) . 
  italy seem to be a prof that it does n't you see , so i am questioning if it works at all . 
  is that clear now ? 
  yes , you can trace corruption indexes back to the 90 's . 
  just correlate them with time in the eu - they should go down . 
  should n't they ? 
  or are you saying that countries in the eu stay just as corrupt as ever and drag the rest of the eu with them . 
  you ca n't have it both ways you know . 
  either the eu 's anti corruption measurements work and the corruption goes down , or it does n't . 
  that means that when you add corrupt countries you add the corruption for all the future for us to pay for them . 
  so , you ca n't have it both ways . 
  either eu works - prove it . 
  or it does n't .
