  what about every single country * knowing * that it was an imperfect union when they joined up ? 
  this is economics 101 , you can cover it in your first or second semester . 
  i suspect , that they every single country in the euro just ignored the warnings . 
  so , they are all to blame i guess . 
  not just the germans . 
  but i guess it is easier to just put the blame on one guy , the germans , instead of actually looking into cause and effect of what is happening , and realise it is everyones fault really , from the first construction . 
  but sure , if you want to have a simple hollywood narrative , with an evil guy , go for the german . 
  why not , they have been the bad guy for over 70 years , now , why not blame them for the next 30 as well . 
  the problem is this - life is n't a hollywood movie , and thinking it is is actually clouding what is really happening . 
  so have the greeks . 
  they formed the * currency * union together , remember that . 
  they never signed up for transfers , at all . 
  are you claiming they did ? 
  my suggestion is that the current state of affairs in greece is due to the currency union and its imperfections , not the germans , not angela merkel . 
   german required austerity response to the crisis . 
  imf is not german . 
  nor is germany the only country who demands it . 
  and , at least in the beginning , there was a point . 
  i do n't believe even the most nationalistic of greeks support the way the cost/debt/tax system has been run in greece in the last decades , it is long overdue for a reform . 
  but , what is happening now is less of the demand , more the internal devaluation . 
  look at spain for example , they have not have the same requirements , and their unemployment etc is getting worse by the day . 
  what is more important , that it is the only response that is left for the giips , countries , internal devaluation , since they ca n't touch interest/exchange rate . 
  they have to lower the cost . 
  it is not german , it is standard economics . 
  x and y are no longer variables under the giips countries control , so they have to , ( with or without prompting from other countries in the eurozone/imf/eu ) attack the variable they can change - the costs . 
  all to restore competitiveness . 
  it is not germny , it is normall theory of economics , , that unfortunately , is working perfect . 
  so , while austerity is n't working ( and has horrible effects ) it is less the cause of germany ( there are a lot of other countres in the ez as well , btw ) and more due to an imperfect currency union . 
   they will , eventually . 
  i agree  unless the germans admit they were wrong and change things . 
  i think it is wrong to blame it all on the germans , and i 'd like for you to explain why you do ? 
  the main reason is the very imperfect euro , which the germans , as well as the greeks , french , italian , dutch etc choose to ignore . 
  to have a currency union whith such different economies , no financial integration , no banking union , no permanent transfers etc , leads to the collapse we are seeing . 
  however , the imperfect union was well known to everybody , and can not be blamed on the germans . 
  what we are seeing now is the internal devaluation that follows in the wake of the loss of competitiveness that greece and other giips - countries have since the introduction of the euro , 20-30 % . 
  since greece can not move the interest rate , or the exchange rate , they have to press down the costs somehow - which leads us to the situation we see today in greece . 
  however , i fail to see how germany has caused this . 
  could you explain ? 
  austerity is just one of the reasons , the very wrongly constructed currency union is a much bigger one . 
  personally i 'd dissolve the whole thing . 
  yes !, 
  however , if they want to create a currency union in the future - please go ahead , but learn from your mistakes then . 
  it will have to be more like `` united states of europe then '' , with a lot of transfers , financial union etc. 
   the only viable long-term alternative that i know of would be a federal government at the ez currency-issuing level , one capable of sustained deficits like other currency issuing governments . 
  that way ez-wide household deleveraging need never be overly problematic , however i do n't believe it 'll be politically viable . 
  the ez is n't ready for that . 
  true . 
   i think we pretty much agree on both accounts , just stating it out of frustration i guess . 
  the option currently being pursued - austerity til the whole thing breaks - is neither of those two solutions :( . 
  i agree . 
  now i am just wondering for how long it is going to be like this . 
  years ? 
  decades ? 
   that 's why i 'm saying that even if those nations leave , we 're still left with a mighty flawed monetary system . 
  no arguments there . 
  the euro is a deeply imperfect currency union . 
  however , i was thinking how to survive for greece/portugal etc , and i do think it is better for them , as countries , to leave . 
   . . is to run trade surpluse to do that , they have to be competitive . 
  it take decades to become that in a currency union . 
  east germany still is n't on par with west germany , and they have received * trillions * , had the west make sure they did n't have the social collapse we are seeing in the south , and no foreign debt to pay back . 
  yet , 20 years later they still need support . 
  imagine how long it will take for the south , who does n't get that help . 
   the rest , they have to deal with internal devaluation . 
  a process that takes so long that some are saying we 'll pretty much have to wait for relative disinflation to occur instead . 
  that is , wait for german inflation to put german wages at a point where the old wages in greece/spain/etc are once again competitive . 
  to me , that 's hardly a solution at all . 
  i agree , no solution . 
  unfortunately , i think the solution for some countries is to leave the euro . 
  i thought this was a bad joke . 
  brilliant , now they can just decide stuff and we will never , ever have the chance to hold them responsible . 
  what can go wrong ? 
   when your only way to recover from a spending crisis/recession is via trade surpluses with other euro nations the ones with the weakest export sectors will necessarily fold - if there is no such nation , they 'll all fall down . 
  no , it is regaining their competitivness . 
  since joining the euro greece/portugal/spain has lot 20-30 % of their competitivness . 
  the only way to regain it now , is internal devaluation which we can see happening now . 
   this flaw of ez members requiring balanced budgets needs to be corrected regardless of who does/does not leave it . 
  no arguments there . 
  sure , i do not know a sin single country where one part does n't complain about the other , and the transfers , including my own . 
  that still does n't make them a ) different countries b ) give them their own foreign debt c ) dries up the transfers completely and allows the form of social tragedy one can see happening in greece d ) stop them from being in a financial/banking union . 
  and permanent transfers ... . look at east/west germany , 20 years after they entered into a total currency union . 
  they still receive billions every year , and are not as competitive as west germany . 
  and , they had no foreign debt . 
   there is no way out that is compatible with greece staying in the euro . 
  i 've said that since the beginning of the crisis and i still hold this view . 
  i agree , but i hardly believe it is a popular view on r/europe . 
  i get downvoted just for saying the euro is an imperfect currency union . 
  however , that is unimportant , what really makes me sad though is that most of the greeks as you say , are opting for a slow death , with 70 + support for it . 
  i too believe that greece ( and portugal , spain ) have to leave the euro , it is the only way for you to recover . 
  i mean , if one look at east/west germany that also entered into a currency union , although a complete one , east germany is still not as competitive , after 20 years . 
  and they have been receiving trillions , permanent tranfers to support the social system , and had no burdensome foreign debt ( i am not saying greece is on the level ddr was , just that the greek economy and competitiness was different enough from germany/france ) . 
  what do the greeks have to look forward too - 20 more years of what is happening now ? 
  i ca n't even fathom that . 
  i think the sooner you leave the better . 
  try to stay in the eu though , i am sure that can be fixed somehow . 
  you have no idea imperfect the euro is do you ? 
  i 'd hardly say that the usd is a perfect currency union ( does such a thing exists ? ), 
  but a hell of a lot better than then the eurozone . 
  also , unless you have n't noticed , we are not the federal states of europe just yet . 
  just a few things - they have more similar economies ( than the ez ) , a financial union , banking union and huge federal transfers . 
  and , the do not have indivdual foreign debt .
