  so , if you want to be left alone - * stop responding to my posts then * , it was not aimed at you , and you can be sure i will not be responding to yours . 
   oh no , i was referring to the fact that the giips are not the only countries with competitiveness problems , of course not , and perhaps france will join them ... . however , there seem to be a gap of being inside and outside of the eurozone , even if you are in trouble ( many countries can be in trouble without being in the ez of course ) . 
   but overall i do agree with you , increasing inflation by increasing taxes is a counterproductive , and they decrease competitiveness ok , then we are in agreement . 
  and , those who want inflation , do not mention how they are going to deal with the elephant in the room - the lack of competitiveness ... 
   the historical course of action has been to depart for the new world . 
  then you really do not know your history , not at all . 
  it was for a real short time span , if you consider the history of europe ( at least the last 5000 years ) that people departed for the new world . 
  also , most of them did not do it just for the democracy , but for the chance of getting rich , avoid starvation - or freedom to practice their religion , which i guess you are referring to , the puritans . 
  i am also sure you know that they were so religious that even religious 17th centrury england wanted them . 
  no , for the most part , we european have stayed our ground , and fought . 
  whether it was towards the romans , the germans , the persians , the hunns , the french , the vikings whatever . 
  and , in the end that has benfitted europe . 
  perhaps you should leave ? 
  you are the one who dreams of a federal state . 
  what is wrong . 
  can you specify ? 
  are you saying that in no way were sweden 's taxes to high ( we raised them as well to battle inflation in the 80 's ) . 
  so , specify which parts of my posts that were wrong please . 
  are you honestly saying that the way to beat inflation is to make the taxes much higher ? 
   if inflation gets too high , you can always just raise taxes until you drain the excess currency from the system we did that in sweden , we managed to get a few taxes up to 102 % . 
  spectacular failure i 'd say . 
  oh , one of the reason for our financial crash as well , our taxes were not very competitive . 
  so , no , one can not just raise taxes , in particular if one a ) one to be competive b ) it is not exactly a strength of some of the countries to either pay them , or even implement the directives they are supposed to . 
  trust me , if one could solve the problem with inflation with raising taxes sweden in the 80 's would have been the world champion of everything . 
  we however managed a financial crash instead . 
  using raising taxes for curb inflation is simplistic , and still do not deal with the underlying problem at all - the lack of competitiveness in the giips countries . 
  should n't it be posted in r/middleeast or r/africa ? 
  egypt is not in europe as far as i know . 
   it seems that you value democracy above all else , including economic reality . 
  if other countries and people also valued democracy and following of the law , the economic reality * would * be different , and in a good way . 
  for example , less corruption in the eu , greece , italy would have never been in the euro etc. . .  democracy voted hitler into power . 
  i am sorry , but that is goodwin :-) . 
   i 'm not going to pretend that i know what political system is best for europe but the will of the people should not be taken as the divine truth . 
  since you goodwined us , i am going to quote churchill here . 
  `` democracy is the worst form of government except for all the others that have been tried '' sums up my feeling . 
  if you can find a benevolent , all knowing wise dictator that can rule the world i am all for it , but i do n't think that is very likely , so i think we should run with what we have . 
  it seems that while not overly fond of it ( who is really ) you do want democracy . 
  then you have to agree with me that the way that the eu is heading is * not * democratic . 
  do n't you agree ? 
   there should immediately be a referendum within eu member states as to whether or not the ecb should be granted the necessary authority to deal with the crisis painfully . 
  the ecb should then be given the status to act as such at least in the countries that voted yes in the referendum . 
  if this process conflicts with current eu law than i believe a reform is in order , no reason to pretend it is a currently flawless legal framework . 
  yes , but what does it says about the `` democracy '' or about the eu that people do not get the chance to do this ? 
  and , what if the people say no ? 
  do n't you agree then it is horrible what the eu are doing - not letting people vote . 
  you yourself says it should immediately be a referendum . 
  and , i agree , of course the rules should be changed if the people wanted to . 
  i however think that chance is abyssmal - after all , why would the finns vote yes to pay off greece 's debt ? 
   i believe that the core eu nations that i mentioned before should begin to move towards a much closer political and fiscal union . 
  i believe that something as simple as lines being redrawn on a map can powerfully influence the mindset of entire populations to begin thinking of `` we '' and not `` them . '', 
  first countries should be benelux + germany because despite what you hear in the news these are extremely stable , generally responsible countries that would actually have a shot at pulling it off and presenting a successful model to the remainder of the union . 
  an official confederation would probably be the best we could do in 10 years . 
  do you think this should happen with or without a referendum ? 
  what if they say no ? 
   suggestions ? 
  well , i do not really believe in the united states of europe for a multitude of reasons , so i do n't really have any . 
  the only way i can see is making a united states of europe , where we have enormous ( much more than the us ) internal transfers , a strong federal government that implements it , strong punishments etc , and no national sovereignity whatsoever of course . 
  in fact , you are asking me to describe one of my nightmares . 
  i am looking a bit towards china and russia in the way it would be governed . 
  do n't really like to think about it , but perhaps copying china would be good ... ...  i also disagree that all the countries could have saved their own banks . 
  but do you think it is right that estonia has to save greece 's banks ? 
  finland ? 
  finland spend 7-8 % , and sweden 3-4 % of their gdp 's in their bank saves , and that was not asking money from anyone else . 
  yet finland all of a sudden have to save german banks ? 
  it is beyond unfair . 
  a fund could have been set up for the countries that could not have saved their own banks . 
  as it is now , the undemocratic ez forced the poorest member of the ez to save german banks . 
   `` we must move forewords '' , not exactly `` more europe '' but your way of moving forward either contains votes that will never ever happen , or ignoring the law , the treaties and the will of the people for the forseeable future . 
  what you are talking about it a dream . 
  you say you want votes - do you honestly think people are going to get a chance to vote about the ecb ? 
  i do not agree with you anyway , since i do not want a united states of europe , but it is another issue , just like you disagree with me about the euro . 
  however , the way you are talking about going forward , if i follow your train of thought , seems to me to be very much of an overly optimistic ( i 'd call you folkpartist if you were swedish . 
  do n't worry , nothing insulting , it is just our pro eu party who are liberals and overly optimistic . 
  everything can be solved by more eu ... ) :-) . 
  we are not getting to vote , not about the ecb , not about new treaties , not about bail outs - nothing . 
  so , if the votes that you dream about do not happen , do you * still * think the eu should continue to integrate , becoming a united states of europe ? 
  even if the people do not get a chance to vote , or do you value the chance to vote more ? 
  i 'd really like you to answer that one , if you do n't mind . 
  well , yes , particularely since the trolls would n't dare to show up :-) . 
   i do n't equate economic rule breaking with a demographic deficit per se . 
  the problem with rule breaking is that any form of actual punishment would unravel the eu almost immediately . 
  an us vs. them mentality would form like never before . 
  just look at greece , with the right words you can twist a voluntary bail-out as an evil coercive attempt to destroy the nation 's economic foundations ; so how would they react to a literal punishment ? 
  well , the system we have now is n't working , is it ? 
  so , then we have to change it - * and we have to vote about that change * . 
  something has to be done , do n't you agree ? 
  economic rule breaking is undemocratic per se . 
  look at the maastricht treaty . 
  it was democratically decided that each country was responsible for their own debt and that no one would bail anyone else out . 
  also , that the ecb should not intervene to save individual countries . 
  how can such a clear rule breaking that goes on every single day not be undemocratic ? 
  are you saying it is better to go on being undemocratic and not following the law ? 
  for how long , and who are decides that ? 
  i 'd like to know that , and who decided that too ? 
  i know you ca n't answer that , but it is sort of the point :-) . 
  since you , and no one can answer that perhaps it would be better if we , and the eu , decided to stick to the written agreements ? 
   do you refer to the bail-outs in general ? 
  yes , and everything they entangle . 
  the ecb statues * specifically * states for example that indivudual countries should not be supported in the way they are buying bonds etc , but of course i refer to the bail outs and everything else . 
  for god 's sake , it was a condition for the germans , that they should not be responsible for anyone else 's debt , if they were to give up the d-mark .
