   and as far as i know sweden tries to become the first country where ` no ' fossil fuels are used . 
  no oil , gas , although i consider uranium a fossil fuel as well ) hmm , i am not sure that is true actually . 
  we let out very little co2 , 94 % of something is hydro and nuclear , the rest is wind , sun etc. 
  oh , and sweden is exporting meat to japan too btw . 
  here is the link . 
   by the way , it 's up to you to prove what you are saying , first i did that , in the above post way up there i posted five links . 
  you have n't read any of them . 
   let 's see . 
  the only statement i really need a link for is to support the fact that denmark is one of three eu countries who are allowed to export beef to japan . 
  the problem with that statement is a ) you concetrate on beef , dk 's biggest export is pig . 
  can you say the same about pig . 
  b ) japan only really focus on creutzfeld jakob . 
  can you prove to me that danes have less antibiotics than swedish and norwegian meat , or that they do not have mrsa ? 
  please . 
  in fact , if we make a list of what contains good meat , why are you saying that mrsa is ok ? 
  why is japan the gold standard ? 
  they are just obsessed with mad cow disease . 
  so is the us , but they do not have some gold standard . 
  so , instead , prove to me that japan is the gold standard of * all * meat , not just beef , and * all * it contains . 
  yes , until it is not dangerous anymore , not radioactive . 
  for several hundred thousands of years . 
  in the mountain , several thousand meters down stored in whatever you store stuff like that in . 
  and we have ok from all the international agencies and scientist , as have finland . 
  so your argument about not knowing what to do with it is n't valid . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20090602/19824 ), 
  you have n't provided a single link , you are just claimin stuff pulled out of your ass , while saying that my links are wrong . 
  no back up , no fact , just statements like '' i was in japan '' . 
  if you are going to argue i 'd like you to give me scientific links as to why my links are wrong . 
  otherwise you are just arguing out of your ass . 
   which are currently just shipped around or dumped at high costs for the environment and health . 
  a ) higher than coal ? 
  b ) higher than climate change . ', 
  if you ca n't say yes to both you should go for nuclear . 
   there is still the matter of the radioactive waste products which are currently just shipped around or dumped no , sweden and finland are in the final fases of taking care of their nuclear waste , forever ( or + 100 000 years , when it is really not dangerous any more ) . 
  i think it was in 2011 sweden left in the formal `` application '' to the `` international nuclear agency or whatever the name was '' and got it back six months later . 
  basically , we got ok . a few changes , minor , but the plan met with approval . 
  finland is just a few months behind us if i understand it correctly . 
  other countries can do that to , obviously if they choose to , so that argument does n't hold either . 
   danish meat , to the best of my knowledge , is not banned in europe , or anywhere . 
  this suggests that danish food passes all the health and safety checks necessary . 
  danish meat is also very popular around europe and the world . 
  for fucks sake , read the fucking links . 
  it is not shit !, 
  are you an idiot . 
  it says so , that in 2009 the danish experts told the danes not to eat the meat . 
  why are n't you reading the links !, 
   again , i can categorically state that the above is bullshit . 
  and you are too . 
  i have given you links that proves otherwise , but you are to much of an idiot to read them . 
   it 's irrelevant to the overall quality argument . 
  obviously tainted meat is not high quality . 
  even in the best countries , issues such as this can arise . 
  no it is n't . 
  you did n't read them . 
  ** the meat was so bad that the danish experts told the danes to buy swedish meat ** . 
  and , they almost got a ban from the eu , to export their meat . 
  that is because so much of the danish meat contained salmonella . 
  we are not talking about one pig . 
  you are honestly saying that when the danes get told not to eat * their own meat * that is * does n't affect the quality * ? 
  is that what you are saying ? 
  that is so wrong . 
  if so much of the meat is bad that they ca n't eat it themselves , you thing it is good ? 
  what world do you live in ? 
   the japanese are paranoid over bse and cjd , they have strict controls on beef imports . 
  this suggests that denmark has very safe beef . 
  no , it does n't . 
  it proves that you have beef without bse and cjd , as do we . 
  it proves nothing with regards to antibiotics and mrsa . 
  * the danes sells meat with mrsa in it , and you ignore it * . 
  are you saying that link is wrong to ? 
  and , what about denmarks salmonella infected pigs ? 
  are they good quality - that is dk 's biggest export ? 
  seriously , you think a country with so much salmonella in it that they ca n't eat their own meat has good quality . 
  that says a lot about your priorities . 
   i do n't know if they 're wrong or not . 
  so , read them . 
  well , they say that danish meat contains mrsa and salmonella . 
  if you say danish meat has high quality , do you then say that meat with mrsa and salmonella are high quality , or are you saying that my links are wrong . 
  btwy , japan import swedish meat to , so to use that as a `` rule '' why meat is good is weird . 
  a ) why ar japanese the best in the world to decide ? 
  b ) that is only the meat you saw , probably because they are meat exporting countries . 
  sweden and norway is n't . 
  ( although the japanese are fond of reindeer meat for example , so they have no problem with our meat per se ) . 
  so , to say , `` danish meat is good because the japanese eat it '' , is wrong , at least until you provide me with fact that the japanese are the judges of meat in the world , and provide me with a list of criteria too . 
  and i have access to academic journals , so not a problem . 
  no , we need a thernobyl/week to make up for the deaths in coal , so that comparison is n't really relevant in my mind . 
  and then . 
  we fm have n't added how the co2 emissions affect the climate change . 
  so , conclusion is that nuclear at the moment is by far a superior technology to coal . 
  maybe that will change in the future but we can not wait for that . 
  climate change is happening now , we need to act now . 
  oh , that is nice , then you do not have to back up any of your statements and apologise for your lies . 
  probably worse , but i will have to look that up if you want a more exact answer . 
  i try to a avoid meat from countries that love antibiotics and i think in europe that means i buy from sweden , norway , iceland , and i also think finland , the netherlands and the uk are fighting the good fight . 
  i do not encounter belgian/spanish meat a lot ( argentinian/irish/danish is what one usually finds ) but i know they use more antibiotics and used to use growth hormones ( belgium ) . 
  add to that that apart from antibiotics/mrsa i do not like salmonella which is rather common in a lot of countries . 
  and of course , let us not forget the transport . 
  when i lived a few months in the us i bought non antibiotic grass fed beef . 
  it was bloody expensive but i prefer that . 
  and i think it is rather horrible that the eu do not bother to reward countries that fight the good fight as in give more money to farmers who use less antibiotics .
