  well , that 's not sustainable and is actually harmful to the society as a whole !, 
  i have to admit that i ended up googling bastiat - but i liked him . 
  i am not naive enough to think that we are in a union ( and frankly , i 'd rather not be in one ) . 
  however , i do think we should fulfill the promises we have undertaken towards each other . 
  one of them is - to work together in certain areas for the benfit of all , and for the eu . 
  one of those areas is the cap . 
  well - why is n't france . 
  i 'd really , really like for the eu to have a punishment clause - they so much deserve it . 
  the rest of us are actually trying - and compromising . 
  i wonder what they are doing . 
  well , yes , for the portuguese , but our farming is quite expensive . 
  however , i do not want to spend the rest of my life paying for the french , so i would much rather pay for my own people thanks , while not discriminating anyone - like the french do . 
   zthose ( like france ) who want to deviate from a free market and engage in central planning in agricultural should be free to do such without dragging the whole eu with them . 
  they are such complete assholes . 
  i truly hate them . 
  and then , they blame it on `` otherwise the farmers will get mad and pour milk on the street '' . 
  so - who cares . 
  grow some fucking balls . 
  no reason to fuck up the economy of europe for the next decade just becaue you have no spine and ca n't stand a farmer throwing milk on the street just because the rest of europe does n't pay 95 % of his salary anymore . 
  ( i am talking about the french here , not you btw ) fuck - i hate the cap and anyone who defends it . 
  perhaps not r/europe , but i found this sentence ... odd . 
   journalists in israel ( 112th , -20 ) enjoy real freedom of expression despite the existence of military censorship but the country fell in the index because of the israeli military 's targeting of journalists in the palestinian territories . 
  i do n't really see how you can have real freedom of expression , if you can only be in a few areas , or how they can say that a country that in in nr 112 , has true freedom of expression . 
  i agree ( damn , you beat us ; . / sweden ) ) . 
  if our crappy journalists are in some sort of top 10 , what on earth is the rest of the world doing . 
  well , sometimes you should . 
  all inuits are eskimos , but not all eskimos are inuits , and they certainly not want to be called inuit . 
  however , i do understand what you mean . 
  in canada , the pc term is inuit . 
  however , on greenland , alaska and russia you should ask , since they might very well not be inuits . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.uaf.edu/anlc/resources/inuit-eskimo/ ) [ link ] ( http://tulugaq.wordpress.com/inuit-vs-eskimo/ ), 
  it is safe being europe 's penis ( sweden ) . 
  we pretty much always have the same borders , unless the danes are messing with us . 
  i agree - i 'd much rather have a nordic union . 
  we were actually in a currency union in the 19th century who survived for quite some time , if i recall correctly . 
  haha , i have n't heard that one before . 
  people on this forum always says stuff like `` of course the cap needs to reform , but . . '' - and it never happens ... or , the always entertaining `` of course people should be allowed to vote , but now is not the time : ... '', 
   and that 's one of the big things i 'd like to change about it . 
  for that to happen , though , we need to make it a people 's union rather than a companies ' union or a countries ' union . 
  exactly , let us start to vote about things !, 
  good that you still have your own currency . 
   several countries would quit the eu and the emu and shit could hit the fan . 
  i agree , but that is a risk one has to take . 
  what is the alternative ? 
  drag people into a federal union , without their consent ? 
  saying they ca n't vote or decide about treaties , and not to care about law , rules and regulations ? 
  just hand over your money and your freedom and do n't ask questions ? 
  that is not a real alternative if one car one tiny bit about democracy . 
   hehe , i live in sweden and am studying swedish , so i knew the word for forest but not graze . 
  i figured it was something like that . 
  but alas , i do not think such a word exists in english . 
  really ? 
  where ? 
  anyway , then perhaps you know that the swedish agricultural market was much more deregulated before we joined the eu . 
  just google `` kritik mot eus jordbrukspolitik '' at a university library or something , and you will find a lot of things that are wrong with the cap . 
   because the other countries all recognized its legality . 
  they have n't asked all the other countries . 
  there are 25 countries , in theory , set to join the euro . 
  we have n't been asked , poland has n't etc. 
  we agreed to the rules 123 and 125 - not to anything else . 
  riksdagen has not voted about it . 
   during the lisbon negotiations , sweden could have ( as well ) been obstructionist until they ironed out the flaws . 
  they did n't because they ( presumably ) , in concert and coalition with other countries , received other benefits as a result . 
  either that , or they saw no reason to bother with it . 
  but it is as much the swedes fault that such a situation occurs as the french , because they , in the end , agreed to the lisbon treaty . 
  of course we ca n't . 
  we are 9 million people , and we would never be allowed to stall the whole thing . 
  i mean , for god 's sake , we are being haunted and bad mouthed ( i have already been called a free loader ) for not joining the ftt and the banking union - could you imagine what would have happened if we have stopped the whole lisbon treaty ? 
  we have n't even stopped the ftt , not just joined in . 
   from my understanding , there is no punitive mechanism for such things . 
  it 's assumed that such anything that could be illegal would be struck down in a domestic court challenge if brought up . 
  regardless , what part of the stability pact do you see to be broken ? 
  you do know that one is not suppose to have a debt of over 60 % of the gdp , a deficit more than 3 % etc ? 
  greece has broken it since forever , just like belgium and italy . 
  germanyhas broken it since 2003 . 
  if you do , you are to pay a fine . 
  where are the fines ? 
  they are not being paid because the countries just ignored it , and did n't give a shit . 
  there is no mechanism to force them - what are we supposed to do , invade france ? 
  it says however , everything how the countries regards law , rules and regulations - they do n't give a shit , at all . 
  that is a huge democratic deficit - and no people like that should have * more * power over my money . 
   second , france does n't write the rules . 
  the rules are written in conjunction with all the countries of the eu . 
  sweden could have taken issue with this , admittedly very minor , matter during any of the past eu treaty renegotiation . 
  we have . 
  since 1995 , when we joined . 
  france always objects . 
  and they are the ones mostly objecting to changing to the cap , and who has the most weight , so even if its is not them , it * is * them . 
  and of course it is minor , but it is a big issue for swedish farmers ( and finnish / / lithuanian etc ) . 
  the problem is , there are a lot of rules like this , and all point to the favour of the french . 
  if this is was the only problem with the cap , i would be happy , but it is n't . 
   what is wrong with skogsbete ? 
  skog is forrest , bete is graze . 
  i can see that it is funny :-) . 
  is there an english word for it ? 
   the federal constitutional court of germany ( pretty much the highest and most prestigious and impartial german court , and also the one that was most concerned that 123 and 125 were being broken or bent ) has ruled that 123 and 125 are not being broken . 
  i 'd take their word over that of some journalist in a tory rag any day . 
  the problem is , they do not have the right to decide that . 
  the eu is not subject to a german court , nor should it be . 
  if the rules are being changed , ( which i can understand might happen ) , then they should be re-written and voted about , just like any other law change .
