  that goes for everyone , including romas . 
  furthermore , as a society we should not accept lying to the authorities . 
  do you approve of trading in children and lying to the authorities ? 
  how does that make it ok to commit fraud ? 
  since the source is the bild zeitung i 'll believe that claim when i see the dna - test or a dental comparison . 
  muller has been one of the most sought after nazis and as far as i have understood , it has generally been believed that he died in the fights in berlin at the end of the war . 
  honestly , i expected ny times to know better than to use words like `` primitive '' with regards to whole societies . 
  that is pretty racists in itself . 
  i am not saying that one ca n't be pakistani for example pro lbgtq - rights . 
  however , that is not the culture of pakistan . 
  you compare it to bad things danes have done . 
  well , you are not doing it anymore and it is not part of your dominant cultural heritage so it is more of a historic nostalgia . 
  i can perhaps laugh about the human sacrifices in gamla uppsala because we do not do that shit anymore , just as we do not treat lbgtq - people like shit - we have evolved and changed but it is a part of our history , that is right . 
  however , human sacrifices or treating lbgtq - people like shit is in no way part of our dominant culture . 
  however , treating women and lbgtq - people like shit and denying them rights is part of the dominant pakistani and kurdish culture - today . 
  it is not something you can overlook and say `` well , let us ignore that '' . 
  it is a dominant part of what is their society . 
  so , no , your friends do not get a free pass , because the mistreatment is everywhere , everyday in their culture . 
  i mean , think of if you say you love the old south in the us - you create a shitstorm because a huge part of the old south was the slavery . 
  you do n't get the plantations without the slaves . 
  so , if you love the pakistani society and the kurdish sense of family one has to admit that it is built upon discrimination and treating some people like shit . 
  from there comes the honour killings and the honour treatment that they bestow upon innocents . 
  so , no as long as the treatment of women and lbgtq - people look likes it does in those countries one do not get to cherry pick what one can be proud of . 
  their society is built upon treating women as inferior and just as one ca n't just go around loving the plantations and ignoring the slaves one ca n't ignore the way they treat women and lbgtq - people , today , in their dominant culture . 
  so , they should have bloody good answers as to why they choose to honour a culture which have that as its dominant features - today !, 
  if it was not their dominant cultures we would see gay weddings in kurdistan with female imams , but we are not . 
  however , i do understand that you did n't mean that we should stop attacking religion . 
  perhaps we should just make sure that those threads that demonises brown people just because they are brown should have more of people like you and me . 
  however , i think you are exaggerating the problem at r/europe . 
  sure , you 'll always get a few trolls , but most post are nuanced and ok . and dawkins is not really nuanced against different religions actually . 
  did you see the recent interview on bill maher ? 
  he said we should be aware of reasonable popes for example , because that makes people think catholicism and religion is reasonable and ok . 
  it is n't . 
  i also strongly agree with you on swedish immigration policy . 
  yes , you cleared a lot up , but i will never accept honouring a society where one of the dominant features is treating women and lbgtq - people like shit - today . 
  it is completely unacceptable to honour a society like that . 
   complaining about muslims for many , not necessarily you who seem to be focused on the religious matters , is sometimes just another way of saying they dislike brown people . 
  well , that does n't mean one should stop complaining about muslims , which you seem to say . 
  do you want me to post information about how many of the muslims in britain for example who support terrorism or sharia laws ? 
  or how lbgtq - communities are treated in muslim countries and in christian sub saharan countries ? 
   they 've been raised with muslim traditions and culture and as such it is something close to their heart and essential to their identity . 
  which for example means homophobia . 
  there is * one * mosque in the world who accepts gay imams , in paris . 
  so , as long as one considers onself muslim and love to honour those , unless one happens to belong to that particular ( new ) mosque , one better have a bloody good explanation to me who is big on equal rights for the lbgtq community . 
  kurdish and pakistani tradition does * not * fight for equal rights for the lbgtq - community . 
  so , if you say that they honour their cultural heritage , please remember that it is horrible on female rights and lgbtq-rights . 
  how can anyone of their right mind honour that ? 
  so , just do n't cherrypick , they have a lot of horrible traditions . 
  and , please , do not tell me that people who belong to the muslims faiths are as big on lbgtq rights as for example the swedish/danish lutheran church . 
  so , in fact , what you are defending is their right to belong and be homophobic and treat women like shit . 
  how can you do that ? 
   yes , i am too . 
  i have sam harris , richard dawkins and christopher hitchens on my book shelves . 
  but you should keep in mind that this debate is not just about how you treat or talk about muslims , but about how it 's done in / r/europe then you should know how messed up religion is . 
  you of all people should know that they are not racist . 
  both dawkins are stephen fry are often accused of being racist , just becaue they are attacking the muslim faith . 
  no one accuses dawkins or fry of that when ( at least dawkins ) frequently attacks christianity ? 
  i usually do not belong to the `` far to much pc crowd '' but if you attack dawkins of racism , which many people do , then one is an idiot . 
  it seems to me that you are doing the same . 
  just because some people are racists , you are attacking me , and other people to stay off islam . 
  well , guess what , i will not . 
  i do not believe in imaginary friends and please , you have to explain to me how you can defend homophobic female unfriendly cultures . 
  furthermore , it seems like you in your fight against racism are becoming overly politically correct . 
  i have n't posted anything about `` brown people '' , and just because * some * people do , it does * not * mean we should stop attacking that ignorance that comes of of religion , which you seem to want . 
  * some * people post that all greeks are lazy fucktards that only want to squeeze money out of germany . 
  that is insulting to the greeks - but does not mean that we should stop discussing greece . 
  in fact , your attitude is more of a proof why we should keep attacking religion . 
  i ca n't speak for denmark , but i can say that in sweden the homophobia angle and the hatred and ignorance many muslims have against the lbgtq - community have been wildely ignored , `` just because they are a minority and it would fuel the racists '' . 
  who the hell cares , being a minority does n't give you a free pass to be a homphobic asshat . 
  do you honestly think that a priest in the danish church could get away talking about the lbgtq - community in the way some imamas ( and priest in for example the orthodox church ) does ? 
   that is because you are not taking into account the many people , who are born into a muslim culture and tradition and consider themselves muslim , but are not fanatic or very religious at all , just as many christians are in our country how does that make muslims into a race ? 
  i can become a muslim tomorrow , how does that change my race ( if we pretend that race is actually a valid scientific concept , which it is n't ) . 
  i am an atheist . 
  why should i treat muslims better ( or worse ) than people who believe in santa or the tooth fairy . 
  there is no evidence for either , just people who believe in imaginary friends . 
  it is their right to do that , but it does n't automatically gives them respect . 
  and , most of them are adults , i honestly have a problem with people who believe in imaginary friends and read books as god 's word , without thinking for themselves , whether these people are `` nice '' or not . 
  however , they second they try to influence in any way , * my * society , all bets are off . 
  and , that goes for the nice ones too . 
  heck , both you and i have seen idiotic statetment by people saying `` no true muslim/christian would do that '' . 
  that is a completely idiotic statement , and it is referred to as [ no true scotsman ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/no_true_scotsman ) . 
   when you complain about muslims as a whole that is way too wide of a generalization , one that encompasses acquaintances of mine who are progressive , educated and contribute to society . 
  to hear the language sometimes being used about muslims here , which they identify with , can be disturbing and at times rage inducing . 
  i complain about christians too , no one accuses me of being a racist then , or disturbing and rage inducing . 
  why am i only disturbing , rage indusing and a racist when i complain about muslims and not about christians . 
   a lot of problems would be solved if the anti-islamists would just specify that it is fundamentalist islam they do not like . 
  unfortunately it seems that some here have a problem with all muslims , regardless of the nuances in beliefs and opinions in the muslim community . 
  same goes for christians . 
  there is not one definition of christians , apart from accepting christs , which means that the jesuits , westboro batist church and the swedish lutheran church are all christians . 
  same for muslims . 
  all you have to do is say ( or accept , i do n't remember really , nor do i care ) that `` god is great and muhammed is his prophet '' . 
  we have already talked about the `` no true scotsman argument '' , and you can most certainly see it here . 
  and , if religious people want me to be more favourable towards them , perhaps the communities should start being less assholes ? 
  where are , even among the `` moderate '' muslims , the lesbian married imams ? 
  where are the lesbian married priest in the catholic church ? 
  how can you be a `` moderate '' and still be part of a homophobic organisation , please answer that ? 
  yes , sadly it did , it is now dead and gone . 
  it says in the article that elks have a natural sense to go to open places when there 's a storm , so this elk was really unlucky ( and the bloody landowner had put apples there , it is elk hunt season ) . 
  it took me a while to understand that you were talking about a human . 
  i was thinking - `` what , an elk refugee ?
