  that has nothing to do with anything . 
  please , prove to me how that is going to make greece a net contributor and italy less corrupt . 
  you are talking apple and organges , one thing has nothing to do with another . 
   new member are joining when the rules are becoming tighter , and hopefully , these countries will learn from the situation in greece and portugal . 
  greece had access to cheap euro when they joined , that is a lesson learned and should be avoided for future members . 
  no , they did not . 
  athe joined in ** 1981 ** , the euro did n't exist then . 
  by the end of the budgetyear 2020 they will have been on the receiving end for 39 ( !!! ), 
  years . 
  nothing you brings up is going to change that . 
  and what tighter rules ? 
  the cohesion funds are still not working and we have less countries paying . 
  no one gives a shit about the budget rules or the maastricht treaty . 
  how is that `` tighter '' . 
  also , you are completely disregarding the fact that the cohesion funds do not work , nor that the eu in no way affects corruption - the countries just keep being corrupt . 
  how is it smart to add more corruption ? 
  why do you want to do that , without even remotely having a clue how to deal with it ? 
  and , why do you want to disregard the biggest experiment we have within the eu , and the longest . 
  if the eu worked , the funds worked etc - then portugal greece and spain would be net contributor . 
  you can no ignore that , nor pretend it is n't happening . 
  nor will some bank union change one iota of that , in any sense . 
  nor will the fact that you want the eu to be a big happy family change those facts . 
  you have to start to look at the facts . 
   but the more the merrier in the long run . 
  sure , if you pay for them and you deal with their corruption . 
   , i don \u00b4 t consider 20-30 years to be long term . 
  over 30 years , which is what one count as a generation . 
  you think we should pay for countries for generations ? 
  how many ? 
  three ? 
  four ? 
  over hundred years ? 
  that is insane , and it why ca n't the countries fix themselves ? 
  furthermore - look where chile was in 1981 . 
  china , south korea , india , brazil etc - those countries have chosen development . 
  why have n't greece ? 
  i am not setting up my grandchildren to pay off greece , despite the fact that you want to pay for them for another 2-3 generations , of the centruries . 
  that is so stupid - it is like you do not consider them responsible for the situation in their country . 
  why not ? 
  are you realising that you are saying that you think someone should pay for greece until 2081 ? 
  that is like someone would have started to pay for belgium in 1914 . 
  why ? 
  why ca n't belgium fix themselves in a century ? 
   the ukraine was the bread basket of the ussr . 
  the ussr does not exist and was far poorer than most of europe . 
  please give me a scientific reason as to why they would be not corrupt and be a net contributor . 
  good , but i am afraid that they will become members , without the eu doing anything , and demanding it . 
  serbia and albania wants in for example and we let in bulgaria and romania far to early . 
  good !, 
  the eu are just adding net receiver after net receiver , and never adressing issues like the fact that we have a a permanent class of net receivers , that have been on the receiving end for over a generation , and it does n't look like it is changing . 
  furthermore , that obviously proves that the cohesion funds are not working , since those countries otherwise would pay to the eu , not receive . 
  but the eu do not care about that , nor are they dealing with those issues , instead they just add countries after country . 
  however , if all the countries are going to share the shrinking pie ( since fewer contributes ) it all gets watered out . 
  so , until we sort that out , i do not think we should add country after country . 
  i am also very hesitant of adding countries that are too corrupt . 
  i do think if we add a lot of corrupt countries , it affects us negatively . 
  what sort of peope are they sending ? 
  where is our money ( who does n't work anyway ) going?also , science proves that we do change the country in a positive way . 
  then greece and italy should be very non corrupt . 
  they are not and have been in the eu for ages . 
  so , until the eu actually start to deal with the problems i mentioned , and solve them , i do not think more countries should n't be added . 
  good cameron . 
  i do n't care why he says no , just as long as someone stops this madness . 
  so , you are corrupt . 
  you are responsible for that . 
  for 32 years you have received money from the eu , but you still want more . 
  why have n't you fixed your corruptin before ? 
  why should we keep on paying for you if you are only starting to do stuff in the last five years ? 
  why should we pay for you for the * next * generation ? 
  39 years - i do not think that is ok , it is far to much . 
  other countries have really developed in 39 years , look at chile , look at china , south korea . 
  estonia was poorer and more in deep shit than you - why ca n't you be more like them ? 
   so i agree with you , i have from the start yet you keep trying shout the loudest the act like i have not understood your point no , you have n't . 
  you have tried to insult me , and also shouting about the eurozone , which sweden is no part of , and making up imaginary stories of how you will win . 
  this started with the fact that i pointed out that the uk contribut to the eu , and greece does n't , and never have . 
  nor will you for the forseeable future . 
  and , i see countries like greece , who have been on the receiving end for decades , are corrupt and have been for decades , are taking money always from the eu , never ever giving , ever , as a far greater risk than any the uk does . 
  and , i pointed out , that greece is responsible for greece . 
  if you are corrupt , it is because you have chosen it . 
  and i do not want to pay for countries who choose corruption , who choose low productivity . 
  why do you ? 
  good - stop then . 
  i want you to admit that you are corrupt and cost the rest of us money . 
  and have for decades . 
  and that is your fault , no one else . 
  other countries have chosen different paths , but greece chose the pathe of corruption , taking money from the eu and low productivity . 
  if you do not want to admit to that - leave . 
  i will never give up . 
  i am speaking the truth . 
  you are a leecher . 
  i am waiting for you to stop being an ignorant asshole and admit to the fact that greece is costing everyone else money , draining europe , is corrupt and that * you * are responsible for it . 
  you however is an entitled idiot , so that will never happen . 
  i will however not stop telling you that greece is corrupt and that you have to fix it . 
  you are corrupt . 
  why ca n't you admit to that ? 
  are you not only corrupt , but a coward ? 
  and , you are ignorant . 
  you do not know the difference between the eu and the eurozone , as evident by your rants about loans . 
  so , you are stupid . 
  and , corrupt .
