  it is of course , idiotic , and people are getting so fed up with it - finally . 
  * karma for our media . 
  they have relentlessly been chasing the sd , while ignoring everyone else , and this justs shows how out of touch the journalists are with real life concerns of people . 
  to be clear , the average journalist vote for mp or v , who has together around 11 % of the votes , but more than 50 % of the journalists votes . 
  * long term effect . 
  in the end i obviously hope we can become a normal country and address these issues like adults . 
  but , it will take the sd getting over 25 % for that i am guessing , and maybe a few more elections . 
  but , at least we are heading in the right direction . 
  * a new election . 
  i think this government will fall , and i just think it will be fun/entertaining/educational with a new election . 
  i have never experienced this , the last one was in 1958 . 
  i did n't vote in that one ... 
  why would they do that on purpose ? 
  norway . 
  and finland . 
  no , it is accepted . 
  the 4 % rule is widely known and accepted . 
  no , they are not . 
  both . 
  integration and immigration . 
  feministiskt initiativ did n't get in . 
  they failed to reach 4 % which one has to do in sweden . 
  349 i believe . 
  are you sure you did n't read sweden democrats ? 
  not very likely . 
  i do n't see any party of that kind on the horizon , even if it is a nice thought . 
  the smartest thing would be if the other parties actually started to address people 's concerns and the immigration issue , but they will not do that . 
  they will stick their head in the sand for as long as humanely possible . 
  we have had one for four years . 
  the alternative is really re - elections . 
  they can win , but then they would have to admit that immigration is a problem sometimes and address people 's concerns . 
  they are too stupid for that . 
  yes . 
  they could possibly get support from one or two of the smaller parties on the right , but i think that is unlikely . 
  and , having a grand coalition to counteract a party that is certainly not extreme from a european standpoint , that takes up something that concerns around 40-50 % of the voters , and is the third biggest party ... well , the voters would punish that . 
  and it would be silly . 
  i agree that it would be the sensible thing to do . 
  to actually discuss immigration . 
  but , since it is swedish politicians and media it will not happen . 
  and if you have seen the discussions in the newspapers and in social media all they can do is showing contempt for the voters . 
  so , instead they will trudge on and sd will get bigger and bigger . 
  the best workers for the sd are other parties politicians . 
  i think this was an interesting result . 
  the government will be very weak , and we might actually have to hold elections again if they ca n't pass their budget . 
  that will most likely be good for sd , sverigedemokraterna i kind of like it . 
  the swedish politicians need to be shaken up and thrown out from their comfort zone . 
  what they fail to mention is that the rise of the sweden democrats are the fault of all the other parties . 
  for decades they have chosen to ignore legitimate concerns about immigration and integration . 
  asking who will finance and house huge groups of immigrants , what to do about swedens beyond poor integration ( worst in europe ) , criminaliy etc - all those issues have been met with contempt from the politicians , who has done nothing but to stick their head in the sand , and answered everyone who tried to adress the issue with `` are you a racist '' ? 
  finally people actually got tired of that , and started to vote for the sd , since they are the only ones willing to even adress the issue . 
  so , the ones who has worked the hardest and won most votes for the sverigedemokraterna are all the other parties . 
  had they actually had some sense and admit that we have a problem with immigration , people 's concerns are not unfounded and should be adressed etc , then we would not be in this situation . 
  and , with the unfailing idiocy of the swedish politicians/media they are now upset about the result and showing contempt for the voters once again . 
  i think we will have a re-election soon , and then the sd will be even bigger . 
  i wonder how big they will have to be before our politicians listen ? 
  that said , \u00c5kesson has been doing well in the debates , and all the hatred from the media and the other parties have actually just made people sympathetic towards him and sd . 
  beyond bad . 
  the program looks like it was written by an angry nazi feminist who completely lacks any basic form of math . 
  i think we had to raise our taxes with 100 % or something silly like that to finance all of their suggestions . 
  luckily they did n't get in . 
  it came up for debate since it became an big issue with the refugees , but it is really bigger than that , and it also concerns integration and immigration of bascially all kinds ( maybe not from western europe , neighbouring countries and all that ) . 
  the problem is that all our parties , save sverigedemokraterna has absolutely refused to adress people 's legitimate concerns about immigration/integration . 
  if you want to talk about the bad integration , the large number living on welfare in certain groups , criminality , where to house everybody etc - you were a racist . 
  sweep all issues under the carpet and insult the voters who actually might not all be racists , but still think these issues are a problem , and deserve to be adressed . 
  well , that has now punished itself , and i think it is good . 
  contempt for the voter and ignoring issues is never the way to go , no matter what issue we are talking about . 
  our politicians deserve to loose voters to the sverigedemocrats . 
  and , until they start adressing it , they will continue too . . 
  not surprising at all . 
  with our main parties idiotic attitudes towards immigrations and people 's concern about the huge number of immigrants coming to sweden , how they will integrate , who will pay for it etc - it was to be expected . 
  people feel this is the only way to get someone in power to listen . 
  what would be smart thing to do now for the other parties is obviously adress these concerns , and change how they speak about these issues . 
  but , since it is swedish politicians we are talking about , that will not happen . 
  instead they will keep on piling hate on the sverigedemokraterna , and adress anyone expressing the slightest concern over the immigration issue as a `` racist '' . 
  and , of course , hate the voters , belittle them , call them uneducated etc. 
  frankly , sverigedemokraterna do not have to lift a finger . 
  all our other politicians and the media are doing their work for them . 
  they can just lean back and laugh at the other politicians , while they are becoming the third biggest party . 
  edit : spelling, 
   i think even a lot of swedes would like to listen to their favourite shows in swedish , if they had high quality dubs available to them . 
  we wouldn not . 
   but you also have a much larger pool of talented voice actors to work with . 
  i mean i speak english fairly well , but if i have the choice between the english original and a great german dub , than i will choose the later and watch it in english after . 
  if the dub is just `` meh '' than of course it will be english . 
  no matter how you twist it , the dubbing will never be as good as the original voice . 
  period . 
  so you are saying people in argentina does n't even speak their * own * language ? 
  austerity is one of the reason for zero growth , the construction of the euro another and the structure/actions of individual countries a third . 
  if you think austerity is the sole reason for the problems within the eurozone and all we be well with at bit of qe , a huge budget deficit and some nice bonds you do not understand the problems involved with joining too diverse economies in under one currency . 
  why not . 
  are you saying they are liars ? 
  why ? 
  do you have any evidence to back that up ? 
  what do you no like with the report , in detail please ? 
  he did n't , he has apologized for that numerous times . 
  no , it has n't . 
  first , if you stay away from politics in flashback it is not that bad . 
  i usually visit crime history , best swedish forum for that online and none of the jargon . 
  sweddit is nothing like flashback . 
  in fact , they did a poll last week and around 14 % were sd , which is `` normal '' considering sweddit have a young demographic , mostly men .
