  i think it has to do with the fact that just because you are conservative it does n't mean that you oppose human rights . 
  thank you for your explanation before btw . 
  i do n't know if * any * currency union is perfect - a swedish mp once said ( jokingly of course , but at that time there was a grain of truth in it ) that norrland ( the north of sweden , 2/3 of the country to be exact ) should really have their own currency ... ... so , not even a small country like us a an ideal union , really . 
  still , if one start looking at at `` good '' , or at least working currency unions and what they have in common a few things crystallize . 
  * it is good if the members have somewhat similar but also a bit diverisfied structure . 
  the risk for `` asymmetrical chocks ( is that the right word in english ? ), 
  lessens . 
  the euro states are to different in that matter ( particularely if you do n't have any proper transfers in place ) finlands problem with nokia and greece 's tourists problems are hardly the same . 
  * a high mobility among workers - the euro do n't have that , if you compare with the us for example . 
  * if the workers will not move , the salaries have too . 
  the germans for example have been denied their salary increase . 
  there need to be a high flexibility among salaries/prices . 
  * they have more also need more , ( democratically decided ) transfer systems across borders , like the in between states transfer system in the us * the difference parts of the union have to hold of their part of the bargain so to say . 
  in the euro , we can say that about finland ... if they ca n't , there need to be controls , stronger than we have . 
  * a bank union . 
  a central bank that can act freely . 
  common bank guarantees/bank rules to end the risk of bank runs for example . 
  * a finance union which also leads to a political union . 
  with finance politics and social political transfers one can help regions that are behind . 
  all this leads to a union . 
  * above all - this need to be * democratically decided and supported by the people * . 
  sure , the americans might dislike/joke about louisiana or some other state that are constantly on the receiving end , but they are hardly about to throw them out . 
  as it is now , the euro , has gone from the german - `` no transfers at all '' , to sneakingly letting tax payers from one country pay off other countries debt . 
  slowly guaranteeing other countries banks , with money from where ? 
  that needs to be in a proper union sure - but you let people vote about it . 
  there are a million things to say about the euro , but the fact is , that what mostly worries me , above all , is the democratic deficiency . 
  slowly , slowly , they political leaders in the eu are sneaking in more and more things that were not only not agree upon , they were explicitly said * not * to happen . 
  or , as it states in the ecb rules . 
  `` each country is repsonsible for their own debt '' . 
  `` no country should pay for any other country '' . 
  that does n't work , i know that - but * we need to vote about it * . 
  the way i see it , it is not only a bad currency union , it is becoming a dictatorship , slowly . 
  how undemocratic can it be allowed to be before someone reacts ? 
  it is because they have n't really solved any problems . 
   i do n't see what all the fuss and doom-saying has been about . 
  you can be right there , but i have already been called a free rider in this thread just because we do not want in . 
   it 's not a rate which will affect most investors . 
  even when they trade in the billions ? 
  can you be sure ? 
  besides , apart from that sweden ( who has the 2nd highest taxes in the world anyway ) should have the choice not to do it ( as any country ) . 
   the market stability which could be gained though ... will benefit most investors ( there is published research saying that the market disproportionately rewards small improvements in stability ) . 
  i hope you are right . 
  no harm if you are , just good . 
  some of the reason i have heard for the ftt is that the eurozone countries need money . 
  one of the real problems i have with the eurozone , is that they refuse to actually deal with the root of the issue , and they refuse to let people vote about it . 
  if you are an economist , you know better than i do , that the euro is wrongly constructed , and it needs to be re-constructed , the sooner the better . 
  and , when that happens , to cure the democratic deficit , the people of the euro countries ( and those waiting to join in ) need to be allowed to vote . 
  however , that is not what is happening . 
  if the reason of the ftt is to bring stability - fine , hope it works , i think it is wonderful that some try , and that we can stay outside . 
  however , if it is needed as another euro band aid - then it is hopeless . 
  you do not fix the euro with more taxes . 
   i can speak for portugal where we actually still teach catholicism in schools and the govt . 
  pays a priest to do so . 
  well , then they do have a strong position , at least a lot stronger than in a lot of other countries , even if they fail to transform it to political influence . 
   is lead by a closet gay man who at the moment is our minister of foreign affairs . 
  haha - typical . 
  the dog who barks the loudest ... . . 
  i never said that i hoped that you would die , but that the old guard that defends discrimination should . 
  but , looking at the answers in this thread of a lot of young poles here , it seems like a lot of them defend discrimination too . 
  i feel sorry for you and the lgbt community of poland but after arguing with shenpen in the other thread at least i understood why it failed . 
  i hope you and your friends eventually outnumber him and his ilk . 
  yes , but look at his answers . 
  he claims gay marriages are dangerous and that is not discrimination if it is an old tradition ... if gay marriages really were dangerous , should n't the countries that allow them have collapsed by now ? 
  you do n't get it , do you ? 
  tradition is no reason to discriminate . 
  like poland , it masculine traditions or whatever you want , how much you want , * but tradition is no reason to discriminate * . 
  you are bringing forth the same argument that racists say when they say black should n't be allowed to vote , schools should be separated etc. 
  your arguments are an echo of what men in `` honour culutures '' say when they kill their daughter because she refused to marry the man they picked , or beat their wifes to an inch of their life if they talk to a man . 
  it is not different to preserve an old discrimination or come up with a new one , as you say . 
  it is still discrimination - plain and simple . 
  it is about what sort of person you are and what opinions you have . 
  either you believe in human rights and try to act like it , or , you are like you , a discriminating idiot who tries to claim he has the right to discriminate just because it is tradition . 
  on the other hand - i now understand with perfect clarity why poles still discriminate gay people . 
  most poles are like you . 
  why is gay marriages dangerous ? 
  are you afraid you are going to end up like norway ? 
  i find it far more dangerous that you think it is ok to discriminate . 
  haha . 
  but they have a strong position in italy and spain too , but they do n't discriminate gay people . 
  so , poland decide to listen to supposedly virgin men who has never even masturbated and decide that since these men says so one should discriminate ? 
  sounds extremely stupid to me - i 'd be annoyed too . 
  one can most certainly be conservative without being discriminating . 
  germany has a conservative government , sweden too . 
  honestly , i do n't get what is so threatening about two males and two females marrying . 
  good :-), 
  well , if you can download it , perhaps you can re-size it to the size you want . 
  ca n't you just klick on it so it get 's like [ this ] ( http://www.worldofmaps.net/typo3temp/pics/f942b6391d.jpg ) ? 
  otherwise , [ here ] ( http://www.worldofmaps.net/en/europe/europe-maps/map-europe-for-children.htm ) is the original link . 
  oh , so you have nothing else to come up with , so instead you become a grammar nazi . 
  that is actually pathetic . 
  english is not my first language . 
  you are clearly from a superior species , since you have the gall to call out the rest of the world for being free riders . 
  explain to me , again , in financial terms , why sweden is a free rider - since you are apparently the fountain of knowledge . 
  also , why are you refusing to answer about the bank save ? 
  i guess it is because you know i am right there . 
  also , why about the other reason for the ftt - you have n't mentioned those . 
  i do n't think you can , all you have left is critisizing language . 
  where are you from , since you have the right to critisize sweden , finland , the netherlands , denmark , the uk etc. ... ? 
  who are you to say that ? 
  haha - it would be fun if they included a dutch or someone who gets to speak to everybody and solve the murder while the french and the english stands around and exchange insults and refuse to understand each other .
