  frankly , that you are blabbering about eternal damnation , it is for an atheist like me sort of like you are threatening me with the tooth fairy , i answered your question with regards to genital mutilation . 
  if you are interested in that , i 'll answer . 
  i do not know of a single country in the world ( north korea perhaps ) and certainly none in europe , that is even attempting to enforce your ideas , so how could i answer questions about something that is happening in your mind only . 
   sometimes they 're good , sometimes they 're unhelpful or bad . 
  so , you approve of torture and slavery if it is helpful for example ? 
  what is your definition of helpful then . 
  i can imagine it would be cheap to have slaves , and helpful to torture people . 
  so , do you think we should get rid of those , if the government choose to ? 
  chemical weapons can be helpful too - and as you said , in your own words , '' `` unelected magistrates from any powerful body should never hold power over elected representatives chose by the people . '', 
  - so for example if a government chooses to use chemical weapons , it is ok , if they are elected ? 
  no one should hold any power over them , and according to you , unhelpful things like human rights should n't exist , if it is convenient . 
  honestly , your arguments are really , really out there . 
  thank you , it was informing . 
   conservatives rebels published an alternative queen 's speech effectively saying what they wished the government would do . 
  they involve bringing back the death penalty , leaving the eu , a similar 3 strikes system as us criminal law , basically de-fund the bbc , stop funding for green/environmental projects , disallow immigrants from using public services and withdrawal from the echr among others - there are 40 points . 
  while none of these will get enacted it put pressure on cameron to move further right to appease them . 
  are they in league with the republicans ? 
  honestly , that is not the way to go , even the us has understood that . 
  everyone else can benefit hugely from making everyone scared and negative and the frontbench politicians are not trusted so no-one believes them when they say it 's all fine . 
  thus people have been taken in by the negative zeitgeist and are more willing to vote for extreme things . 
  that is sad . 
   our constitution written ( instead of copying a good one ) in our ` transition ' , is a mess . 
  all spanish politicians know it but the do n't change it because they profit from its errors . 
  how is it a mess . 
  i am pretty sure btw than spain , could , if you put your mind to it , write a good one yourself . 
   the more crazy and scary and angry people get the more likely they are to vote for the guy that says i 'll sort it out . 
  but why should the brits be especially sad , angry and scared at the moment ? 
  i do n't get that . 
  your economy is ok ( not brilliant , but really , who has in europe ) the last terrorattack was several years ago , you pulled off the olympics etc. 
   there 's no-one really arguing for the echr or making those points . 
  that is sad, 
  but they should really know how it is not a good thing to leave the echr . 
   i feel this has a lot to do with the cases like that of abu qatarda , who could not be deported to jordan due to him not being guarenteed a fair trial ( people may have given evidence against him under torture ) . 
  now , a lot of people do n't care about this ( including the government ) , and just wanted him out of the country . 
  i get that , i totally understand that people think he should be thrown in the channel . 
  however , those of us who are not idiots , realise that with every law like that , you always get some assholes , it is sort of in the nature of law . 
  it is like demanding a certain standard for evidence in court - that means that some wife killing asshole is going to walk . 
  however , lowering the standards could be far , far worse . 
  and i mean , i am sure britain has their fair share of idiots , we all do , but do honestly a majority think it is a good thing to leave the * echr * ? 
   the echr is also european , and a lot of people will automatically not like it just because of that , even though britain had a major part in its inception . 
  some people are so stupid that i do not understand how they breathe . 
   think it is unreasonable for foreigners to be given basic human rights like the right not to be tortured . 
  hmm , are n't they signing away a lot of their rights too ? 
  i know , we have had people from sweden ( as in ethnical swedes , not brown people that we can call foreign ... . . ) who has won cases against sweden . 
  i am sure ethnical brits have won cases there too . 
   now that he 's the pm he knows how much of stupid idea that was and his lack of action has lost him a lot of support . 
  it is good that he has realised that it might not be the best of ideas . 
   however if he panders to them and gives a referrendum on the eu , people will vote to leave and all of the business side of the conservative party will drop out . 
  will people vote no ? 
  i get that abu qatada is an ass , but it is not like deporting him will stop terror . 
  and , personally i do not care if that guy gets run over by a bus , but going from not being able to deport * one person * to rejecting the european court of human rights , well that is a huge , huge step , and i can hardly even follow that `` logic '' . 
   it 's weird actually . 
  no , not really . 
  i see what the people in the south vote for and how their governments have been run and money spent , and i do not want them to have more influence on my government or how my money are spent . 
  more eu , means more outside influence . 
  then i also look at areas where the eu has taken all the control , like in agriculture , and i think the cap is bad , discriminating towards nordic countries and they are most certainly not interested in improving that . 
  also , all the southern countries wanted to keep the former cap - they were not even interested in improving it , they had to be forced , by germany , even though it was evident it is idiotic ( sponsoring wine and tobacco ... ) . 
  that is just one area , but i truly believe it is harming the eu , but also sweden and my country 's agriculture . 
  i 'll be damned if i would give over more power where all the eu want is my money , so the can spend them elsewhere , while running a bad politics while discriminating me . 
  i think the swedish government i less corrupt and make smarter financial deciscions as well than the eu . 
  i feel the opposite . 
  yes , but * cameron * at least , should no the difference , even if some voters do not . 
   this , and plenty of other areas where people dislike the eu but the humans rights convention has nothing to do with the eu . 
  it has to do with the council of europe and it prohibit things like slavery and torture . 
  no , he is running in somalia obviously . 
  somalia have elections now , or will have . 
   in scandinavian political tradition ( or at least as far as i am aware , correct me if i am wrong ) there is such a thing a ` bloc politics ' in which there is a left-leaning bloc of progressive parties and a right-leaning bloc of conservative ones . 
  either bloc might run on a compromise platform between all parties involved . 
  the bloc with the most votes essentially becomes the governing coalition after the elections . 
  the common platform the rough draft of cabinet policies . 
  true . 
  i 'd just like to add however that we have that in sweden , but , even with that , we can have minority governments , like we do now for example . 
   in many countries , a centrist coalition of different parties is actually considered an acceptable or even desirable option . 
  this is because such a government typically represents the largest amount of people in the country as well as a wider range of political parties and ideologies . 
  i can sort of understand that , and the resoning behind , but does it really work in the long run ? 
  i mean , from my swedish perspective i am irritated that our two largest parties , the social democrats ( left ) and moderaterna ( centric ) are so close , even though they are on opposite sides . 
  i 'd absolutely hate it if they governed together . 
  i mean , - everyone needs a decent opposition . 
  we can see that it is harmful when they do n't , in the us for example . 
  and i can certainly see it here in sweden . 
  a good and decent opposition is needed to make the one ruling sharpen their politics , really make sure that the arguments are sound , but also so that the ruling parties do not become corrupt . 
  one does not become great at anything if one only compete with idiots . 
  whether it is sports or politics - one need good opponents to become great . 
  if one makes a grand coalition the whole time , i ca n't see that happening . 
  does n't austria miss that ? 
  we do not have a majority at the moment . 
  sweden is working decently i think . 
  i think it has been the same in denmark as well . 
  we call it a minority government . 
   it 's the easiest way for them , since all important jobs in the country ( e.g. 
  state owned companies and offices ) are divided up between members or people loyal to one of the two big parties . 
  in the long term this sounds harmful and a bit `` corrupt '' . 
  i mean , they are perhaps not giving away contracts , but it does sound like the free competition is lacking , and one has to be loyal to one party or the other to advance . 
  not just be good at what you are doing . 
  also , i at least think it is healthy for a country to have a good and alert opposition . 
  i think for example that the us is harmed by having to many weird/religious republicans , instead of sensible people who are interested in a smaller government . 
  ca n't that be the case in austria too ? 
   since the last election in 2008 , the sp\u00d6 and the \u00d6vp have formed a `` grand coalition '' ( as they are the largest parties ) . 
  honestly , why do they do that ? 
  i 'd hate if they do that in sweden .
