  again , you said i lied , i proved you wrong . 
   i do n't doubt there 's less corruption in richer countries like sweden or norway . 
  so why call me a liar ? 
  you are the liar . 
   people up there live nice lives so why would they risk prison by being corrupt ? 
  you are making up the reasons now . 
  that is not a scientific answer , and it is not a correct one . 
  in fact , the willingness to pay taxes have far more to do with a trust in society actually , but i am not going to do your work for you . 
  also , with that sort of reasoning , no one who has a nice life in greece ever needed to be corrupt , for example rich people . 
  i think they are corrupt too ( and if one should believe the greeks on this board , more so than ordinary people ) , so your reasoning do not hold , not one bit . 
  you do not get to the level on being 94 without the * whole * country being involved . 
  i ca n't find that number , but i read that the average greek paid 1500 euros in bribes each year before the crises ... . . hundred here to the tax man , hundred to the doctor ... obviously , on average and i do n't have the energy to find the quote at the moment . 
   but still , if you believe there 's no corruption at the government level you are making a point about nordic naivety . 
  i have never said that there were none , just far far less.i belive that there is corruption in every country . 
  in sweden too . 
  i could write angry rants about that , but that is a ) not the issue here b ) i do that at r/sweden . 
  again , stop putting words in my mouth . 
  please answer who you think is responsible for the state of southern europe if not the southern europeans . 
  however , we do not willingly vote for it , like the italians for example to elect and re-elect berlusconi , that is not a people willing to fight corruption . 
  you have no links , no proof again ? 
  hmm , you said i could n't prove anything, 
   we have n't had bears , wolves , boars etc for centuries now , and i kind of like being able to walk around our excellent woodlands in complete safety . 
  they are normally quite shy ( maybe not young/drunk elks or wild boars ) so i just count myself lucky if i see any of those animals . 
  one do not have to fear them . 
  they have to fear us . 
  that said , i do not think you have the forrests to support bears , elks and wolves , but i must admit my uk forrest knowledge is a bit sketchy , to say the least . 
  you could probably sustain boars though . 
  your farmers would hate them  that said i probably would be more concerned if i owned a farm on the continent . 
  monsieur farmer gets up in spring , and finds bloody carcasses where some sheep used to be . 
  most of those attacks are actually by dogs , at least in sweden . 
  plus , that they get paid for every attack . 
  what are they doing ? 
  i love animals and dogs , but i understand that the stray dog problem have to be dealt with in romania, 
  i mean , boars a cool but your farmers are going to hate them more than our farmers do i suspect . 
  our wild boar population is getting out of hand . 
  oil please ? 
  i did , that was not wrong . 
  so , again , you are making stuff up . 
  you are a liar . 
   i 'm not actually sorry , i was being sarcastic and making a point about how eu funds are not wasted . 
  if you are against the eu giving any money to the poorer regions , that 's fine . 
  but do n't try to make it look like we have wasted it , because it 's not true and it 's not fair . 
  well , if you have n't squandered them - why are you not net contributors ? 
  empires have been built and lost in less time than southern europe can become net contributors . 
  and , the greece has been on the receiving end since ** 1981 ** . 
  how can one manage * not * to become a net contributors and still have such low productivity as they have ? 
  are they not responsible for * not * building up their country . 
  [ here ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.mktp.kd.zg ) , take a look at the gdp growth in some other countries . 
  check brazil , china , estonia . 
  why are southern europe so bad ? 
  are you not responsible for that ? 
  whos fault is it then ? 
  is nothing ever your fault ? 
  have you no responsibility for your economy and your politicians ? 
  then who does ? 
  if you have n't managed it in 30 plus years , it is not very likely you are going to change . 
   what is with you and estonia ? 
  estonia , that has grown a lot and i 'm very happy for them , is still poorer that greece ( check its numbers ) . 
  estonia is still a net receiver of european funds . 
  i know ! . 
  and i do not mind paying for them , at all . 
  they are improving and dealing with their shit . 
  they are not being bailed out , not blaming anyone else , and * bailed out greece * . 
  when greece entered the eu and started to receive their first batch of money * estonia did n't exists * . 
  that means that countries can improve , if they work hard and stop being corrupt , pay taxes and stop playing the victim . 
  link of course . 
  [ link ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2012/03/29/business/estonia-pm-marketplace-europe/index.html ) . 
  so why the fuck ca n't greece act like estonia ? 
   you would n't be so happily blaming italians if you were aware that that kind of shit can happen in many places , not just italy . 
  i 'm making assumptions based on your comments . 
  i am making assumptions to , made on your comments . 
  you are one of those people who refuse to take responsibility . 
  and , despite evidence for how fucked up greece and italy are , you just want northern europe to pay them more money , and you are saying it is not their fault . 
  you are actually saying that people in a democracy are not responsible for anything their elected politicians do , nor are they responsible for their economy , or anything . 
  apparently , you think southern europe are not responsible for anything . 
  it is never the fault of southern europe according to you . 
  apparently , unlike other countries , they are not responsible for what happens . 
   i do n't believe southerners are specially skeptical . 
  no shit , they voted for berlusconi . 
   ever worse , you are lying to make southern european countries and its people look bad i have n't lied . 
  i have said that they are more corrupt , have lower taxes and far worse at paying them , that they vote for assholes , and have low productivity.i 'll prove everything !, 
  [ here ] ( http://www.transparency.org/cpi2012/results ) , the corruption index . 
  sweden is in top five , greece is 94 . 
  please , prove me wrong then . 
  are you saying that southern europe is not more corrupt than northern ? 
  links please then , otherwise , you are , as always , lying . 
  [ tax rates ] ( http://www.therichest.com/business/the-top-ten-countries-with-the-highest-tax-rates/ ) where the fuck is southern europe on that . 
  the widespread corruption that i just proved , also means that you do n't even pay your lower taxes . 
  assholes - berlusconi . 
  rest my case , but it is not hard to dig up more corrupt assholes . 
  productivity . 
  - http://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=level . 
  again , look at southern europe . 
  so , i have * proven * every single one of my claims . 
   yes , i do believe americans are innocent of the iraqi war and they are not to blame for it so you mean that despite that their democratically elected president , senate and house of representatives said yes , they have nothing to do with it ? 
  you ca n't even have read politics 101 then . 
  actually , that is one of the most important points of democracy - you are responsible . 
  that * you * do not think that do not suprise me however , but you are of course , wrong , and have nothing factual to back you up , of course . 
   that you are an anti-south europe bigot . 
  oh , demanding that people take responsibility makes me a bigot .
