  denmark made our electricity more expensive for most of sweden as well , so if we do n't work with denmark any more we could go back to cheaper clean electrity . 
  how would that work out for you ? 
  the problem is that denmark spews out co2 instead of nuclear . 
  so just because they are to lazy to go nuclear they that they right to ruin the climate for all of us for the foreseeable future instead . 
  that is really bad , choosing the technology that contributes to global warming . 
  no , that is n't it . 
  denmark raised prices for 7 million swedes because they did n't like that we had one price for sweden . 
  so denmark took us to court and now most of sweden have to have danish prices which is far higher . 
  i think we should quit . 
  we do not need denmark and all they do is spew out co2 and raise our prices b, 
  they buy it from us and norway , yet oddly enough claim to hate nuclear power and refuse it . 
  buying it is apprently ok though . 
  they prefer coal instead , since adding to global warming is apparently a good thing , much better than not adding . 
  denmark raised the prices for about 7 million swedes by the way . 
  it was idiotic of sweden to join the nordpool . 
  obviously it is up to the individual whether they come out while active or not , but i do wish there would be more active professional athletes that came out in sports like football , formula 1 , american football , basketball etc ( would n't it be fabulous if messi and lewis hamilton and some third dude came out , but sigh , i really think they are straight ) . 
  i think it would be good for the gay world acceptance/discussion etc , although it will undoubtedly be tough on the athlete in some sports , some countries . 
  i do n't think we have any good male athlete who is openly gay in sweden . 
  several women playing football though . 
  that was very insightful , thanks . 
  i can imagine that is probably why he was fired as well , his toxic personality . 
  sigh , i guess i could dig up the old threads , but they were months ago . 
  he has deleted all his old posts . 
  i still have all my answers with quotes from him though . 
  look at his karma , his number of posts , and t everything old is deleted . 
  it was a while ago though since we had our arguments . 
  i 'll see if i can go through my post history over the weekend . 
  i think something insightful was said by / u/draegen in [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1v4ezz/romanians_in_no_rush_to_move_to_racist_uk/cep7g3z ) . 
  basically he says that a lot of people who feel they are being discrimnated against are racist homophobes that does n't get job in the rather multicultural , gay friendly societies they come to in london , stockholm , berlin etc. 
  then they decide it is because all people in sweden/uk/wherever are racist . 
  never once do they stop to think that the reason is that no one wants to hire them is their toxic personality . 
  but , he does n't mind living on welfare instead of getting a job he was offered and giving london a chance . 
  no , swedish tax payer should pay for him instead . 
  and with regards to him , the uk is right . 
  he is a romanian , coming here , living off our tax money despite having the chance to work ... ... and , add to that he does n't like being discriminated against , but himself has no problem discriminating the lbgtq-community . 
  he comes to sweden and say that they are distgusting and should n't be able to marry . 
  he does n't mind living off the tax money they pay though . 
  with regards to him , you did the smartest thing . 
  i really wish you could take that discriminating hating welfare queen off our hands . 
  but did he see himself as irish ? 
  no , nobel is a hero too . 
  i guess he forgot him . 
  above churchill , nelson , wellington ? 
  it is free for eu citizens . 
   whoever has too much debt will start printing inflation . 
  while a bit of inflation might not do a lot of harm , too high is very bad too . 
  and do n't forget more debt like in target 2 for example . 
  and bank collapses etc. 
  that said i think either the north or the south should leave . 
  perhaps the north even . 
  the treaty or ecb statues ? 
  ecb should not support individual countries . 
  not all of the target 2 i belive is between countries , it is also credit given by ecb to countrie . 
  i know target 2 is not illegal , but it is credit given , by germany to greece for example , and it is if you look at the balance . 
  and , it is hardly ever mentioned in the sums on how much germany has given to greece . 
  and , again , since the euro is a shitty currency union , some countries should leave , and * then * the target 2 will be a huge problem . 
  and , it is a * credit given * and it is still money lended . 
  yes , the ecb has found a way to go around it , technically , but it is * not * the way neither states or central banks should conduct themselves , trying to get away with stuffs on a technicality . 
  they should try , to the follow the law , and the meaning of the law . 
  not that neither the state or the ecb are even * attempting * to , think about the growth and stability pact for example . 
  it is very clear that no one gives a fuck about that , despite signing that agreement . 
  nor is anyone being remotely punished for it . 
  think about it , had the pact been followed , neither greece nor italy ( nor belgium ) would even have been in the euro . 
  and , countries should leave the euro , it is an extremely bad currency union , which is not being fixed , nor are the problems connected with bad currency unions ( permanent fiscal transfers for example , joined debt etc ) being adressed , not at all . 
  yes it is ledning , because it is credit given . 
   there is no issue with target2 . 
  the balances are of a completely academic nature as long as no one leaves the euro . 
  but they go against the agreement , do n't they ? 
  each country is responsible for their own debt , one should n't loan , and the ecb should n't save individual countries etc. 
  and , since the euro is a really bad currency area , countries should leave . 
   can you please point out where exactly in these papers it says that a federal europe can never work with 10 % gnp used as federal spending ? 
  and now you are changing the tone . 
  now you say * can never work * . 
  of course it * can * , it * can * work with a tax rate of 0,001 % , the question is , what you completely fail to grasp , is working * well * !!!!!, 
   my claim here is that all these things should be done . 
  also , that in the meantime , legal alternatives that achieve the same goal should be considered in an intergovernmental basis . 
  you are not doing them . !, 
   you fail at reading comprehension . 
  also , it says nothing about this being `` for immediate relief '' . 
  it implies that it would be fine as a shock absorver for the intermediate future . 
  but again , you fail at reading comprehension . 
  yes it did , if was in a comparison to american immediate relief . 
   that 's the tax rate you idiot and there is where i stopped reading !, 
  fuck you , cunt ,, 
  so , you wanted research ? 
  http://www.nber.org/papers/w3855.pdf http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/0014292194e0130q  the question is whether it 's possible to do it with 10 % , not whether germany decided to do more than that . 
  you are not doing it at all . 
  this paper suggest 6-8 % of the tax bas * only * for immediate relief for example . 
  http://www.swp-berlin.org/fileadmin/contents/products/arbeitspapiere/bilbao_ks_formatiert.pdf  as i 've said multiple times , i do not support federalising without the consent of the people or by illegal means . 
  if a fiscal union is impracticable for any of the reasons you mention , then we should go back to national currencies . 
  it 's preferable to the current situation . 
  so where is the vote ? 
  where is the new treaty ? 
  why is n't the ez discussing it ? 
  a lot of people do . 
  i know sweden have criminlogy courses , but we do not have anglosaxan law obviously , nor do i know if they are in english ... btw , it is placed under law in sweden at the university . 
  ahem , it depends on what country you comes from i guess . 
  i think the eu is far less aware than my country sweden and we are hardly ever rewarded for our work or ideas around environmental issues . 
  as for example pesticides , we were forced to accept far more when we joined the eu , instead of eu trying to use less . 
  it why not the fight against antibiotics in agriculture , something sweden , brits and dutch are doing on their own .
