  and , i do n't have high hopes for either the eurozone or the eu if most people ca n't be bothered not to try to take money that is not their !, 
  us non eurozone members are not members for a reason . 
  trying to take our money , to cover for their mistake is an outrage . 
  and the fact that they have n't learned the difference , tells me why the eurozone got into that situation in the first place . 
   the distinction makes a big difference for you guys , but for most people it does n't really make that much of a difference if sweden 's participating or not . 
  or denmark , eastern europe or the uk ... ... . . and , if it does n't make a difference - hands off our money then . 
  do n't try to make the eu pay or get involved in the eurozone . 
  if they do n't care , why are they trying to get us involved in paying off debts , banking unions etc ? 
   it 's not gon na change their understanding of the situation . 
  if they do not know the difference , they will not be able to grasp the situation either . 
  the eu is not in trouble because of how it is constructed - the eurozone is . 
  if they can not understand that , or the difference , their solutions or suggestions will not help either . 
   the distinction is barely relevant for most people in the eu . 
  so it 's not that it 's hard to learn . 
  just really unimportant . 
  well , it is irrelevant in some cases , but not when they use it in sentences like the one above . 
  then it is relevant . 
  another thing people have problem is eu is not the same thing as the eurozone . 
  they say things like `` the eu should help greece with its debt and the eu should form a banking union and raise taxes '' . 
  no , that is the eurozone , not the eu . 
  i honestly do n't understand why it is so hard for people to learn the difference . 
   and that is what my post above was about , it was a `` be careful what you wish for '' warning to both people that are against eu and want to dismantle it ( eu is only slightly less integrated than yugoslavia was , so any attempt to destroy/dismantle it can end just as badly ) , but my post was also meant as a warning to people that want a federal eu tomorrow ( imho that is inevitable to end up with a complete clusterfuck that we will all come out of as losers ) . 
  it is not the ones who are aginst the eu or the ez ( there is a difference between those two ) that fucks up . 
  the eu and the eurozone is the one fucking up , and frankly , those of us who are against the euro for example ( like me , i am not so sure being against the eu in its original form , as a trade union , but i hate the federation ) can just stand back and watch . 
  if i was a conspiracy nutter , i 'd say the the eurosceptic have planted the whole eu parlement and commission :-) . 
  i mean , it is not the eurosceptics that created the eurzone fiasco , which might be the worst constructed currency union ever . 
  it is not the euroscpetics who in addition to that did the worst crises management ever . 
  it is not the eurosceptics that throws money on countries for decades without caring about change or how effective it is . 
  it is not the eurosceptics that designed the cap , or the structural funds . 
  it is not the eurosceptics that brings in corrupt country after corrupt country without a clue how to deal with corruption . 
  it is not the euroscpetics that bring in countyr after country that needs money , while there are fewer ones who pays . 
  in fact - as a eurosceptic one can pretty much stand back and see the eurozone/eu mess up themselves . 
  they are doing everything opposite of what you said . 
  if i were you , i 'd be far more afraid of what is currently happening and the development , than by anything i write . 
  you do not have to fear the eurosceptics , fear those who support a federation . 
  he will be the most fabulous mayor of london ever if he wins . 
   you got such a weird world-view . . do you really think that on the first day of the newly found use budgets will be slashed , tanks will be driven into the sea and finnish wallets will be raped by the polish ? 
  no , i have n't said that . 
  please give me quotes where i have said that . 
  a ) i meant that the eurozone probably should n't say anything about bullying . . b ) how are the maoris ... 
  just remember - do n't eat any eel now . 
  it is almost extinct . 
  oh , and that is also why we had a lot of bands dressed like this ... [ link ] ( http://www.gamlavykort.nu/artiklar/dansband/ ) . 
  [ this ] ( http://klarspraka.se/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/dansband_144306787.jpg ) , however is my favourite i belive . 
  and , about doubting about the army - there will be no french army in a federation . 
  and it might make much more sense to have an army in poland . 
  so the french army will be no more . 
  ok , we are friends again . 
  i am not interested in discussing our royal family with you . 
  you do n't like facts anyhow . 
  you are also rude and not only do you accuse people of being anecdotal when they are not , you do n't even want to read the links . 
  i have offered several times !, 
  what i have learned about you is that you accuse people of being anecdotal and mad when * you * are ignorant about the issue . 
  that is what you said to me . 
  then you refuse to educate yourself ( i 've asked you several tines what links you want and you are to ignorant/uneducated/whatever to answer and say what will change your mind ) . 
  i think you might be afraid to , but i honestly do not care . 
  why would i ever bother to discuss with a person who proves over and over again that he does not care about facts , is not willing to change his mind etc. 
  nothing good can come out of that discussion . 
  it is like talking evolution to a creationist . 
  my starting point is science . 
  yours is n't . 
  you are the ones that accuse people of being mad when you do n't understand the issue . 
  and you still have n't told me what links you want - you are just an ass that prefer to say things are anecdotal rather than be proven wrong . 
  what links do you want . 
  of course they do - would n't want to stir up anything before the elections - would we ? 
  something the electorate might not approve of . 
  then they might lose those nice seats in brussels . 
  i hope most people think of this when they go to vote in may this year . 
  that is sad , a country needs stable government . 
  it is double sad that the only one who lasted the whole five years is berlusconi , who i consider to be a corrupt sleazebag . 
  i do not think i am alone in that opinion . 
  it would have been a lot better if someone honest , but boring , had been there for the whole five years . 
  it really ca n't be good , this frequent switching of governments . 
  i read somewhere that italy has had more than than 60 governments since wwii . 
  that is just about a bit more than a year for each . 
  found it !, 
  in 2008 , italy voted for its 62nd government . 
  i do n't know the number now , 65 perhaps ? 
  [ link ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2008/04/13/us-italy-election-rules-idusl135128120080413 ), 
   what makes you think that we in europe , outside national parks , are n't able to reduce the numbers of deer ? 
  do you really think anyone of sane mind would make the deer multiply so much that they would come out of forests and graze down all our crops ? 
      that 's what gamekeepers are for . 
  we do n't live in a national park . 
  each piece of deer is worth something , so it 's in our interest to hunt them and sell them . 
      trophic cascade my ass . 
  idiot . 
  did you see more ? 
  when the deers moved away from the areas ( note , they were not killed all of them , they just choose other areas. , the trees came back . 
  and with the trees came the birds , the beavers , the berries , the beers etc. 
  finally , even the river changed . 
  explain to me in detail how you are going to fix that - the whole * trophic cascade * in dalarna for example , witout wolves . 
  how are you going to fix the behaviour of the elks for example ? 
  in detail , please , with ** scientific ** links . 
   we have a proper working fauna . 
  wolves are the problem . 
  they 're pests . 
  no we do n't . 
  the scientific , natural fauna of sweden contain wolves . 
  however , i guess you hate science . 
  prove that there were no wolves in sweden as part of the natural fauna .
