  and i wanted a safe investment . 
  shit , i 'll sell it and i 'll buy swedish or swiss papers , at least i know they are dedicated to fighting inflation '' . 
  investors like certainty , or as much certainty they can get . 
  if the ecb start juggling like this , it increases the uncertainty . 
  thus , the costs will rise , for the finns as well , despite what you say . 
  the fact is , that greece is a big uncertainty , has junk credit rating and is a huge cost to the eurozone and the eu . 
   the magic of shuffling numbers around . 
  you can not fix greece by shuffling numbers , you will only cost other countries tax payers money too . 
  to really fix greece will take several decades , and in the end , it can only be done by the greeks . 
  i honestly think however that the situation could be improved by leaving the euro , the euro is killing the greeks . 
  by that i mean that even if the greeks have fucked up majorly ( borrowing heavily , not investing etc ) the euro construction in itself has damaged greece as well , it is not all because of `` lazy greeks '' or whatever the tabloids write , i hope you understand i do not think so . 
  it will take a long time to regain the greek competitiveness , but it will take that much longer in the euro , since all you can do there is cut the costs . 
  another thing that the greeks * really , really * have to fix is the corruption ( and i have no doubt that the average greek hates it ) . 
  it is detrimental to the whole society , but also , why whould anyone want to give more money to a country if you do not know where the money ends up . 
   still , we need to extinguish the little fire in our own back yard before we make an attempt to save the whole world . 
  no , not really . 
  why ? 
  that fire can be fixed by greece leaving . 
   what makes you so sure that the improvements in , say , greece are negligible compared to the improvements in eastern europe ? 
  i do n't see much of a difference really . 
  it just happened that greece was the weakest link in the eurozone . 
  what is your evidence of all that ? 
  because of the economical indicators , like growth , economic freedom , corruption etc ? 
  look at estonia , and look at greece for example . 
  estonia did n't even exist when greece started to receive money from the eu . 
  how come that they are now paying off greece 's debt ? 
   his is all correct . 
  however , the treaty was ill-conceived and the rules it imposed were arbitrary . 
  nevertheless , i do n't mind bending the rules if it means less people will suffer , i acknowledge that . 
  according to the treaties , the thing we are experiencing was impossible to happen . 
  we are treading unknown territory . 
  you can not be sure that less people will suffer ? 
  how do you measure that ? 
  and , if you have that as measurement , any country can use that for not fullfilling their obligations . 
  perhaps less people will suffer if no one follow the environmental rules ? 
  or , that is a good argument for both torture and capital punishment or not just paying any of the fees . 
  what makes greece so special that the rules should be bent for them ? 
  any country can make the claim you just did . 
  in fact , estonia is poorer than greece , yet they pay off your debt . 
  personally , bulgaria has it worse - why should n't they have the rules bent ? 
  or just the romas ? 
  also , democracy suffer if one bends the rules . 
  that is more important in the long run , because otherwise we have nothing . 
  nothing can be built if we ignore the law and democracy , and the suffering will increase tenfolth . 
  i am a bit surprised by how you want to go around democracy and the law . 
  otherwise you seem to be a level headed person , albeit one i do n't agree with on economical matters :-) . 
  but , just to claim that you have the right to ignore law and democracy just because ... - you realise of course that the same can be said for every single country in the eu , we all have problems of some type . 
  no law when greece does n't want to - that is not the way to build anything , and hardly the way to make the north more inclined to pay for you . 
   it would be best in the medium term , hell in the short term and disappointing in the long term for everyone involved . 
  i agree with hell in the short term , good in the medium term but i do not agree with disappointing in the long term . 
  why ? 
  the greeks would have a chance to their own destiny - it could be good . 
  at least they would n't be subjected to the eurobureacrats , which i do n't think anyone likes , or the stiffling rules of the euro . 
  the greeks could do as they god damn pleased , and that can be a good thing . 
   we might as well bend it to our benefit . 
  ours ? 
  not to the benefit of the finns , that is for sure . 
  why should we prioritise the greeks above the finns ? 
  also , i doubt that there is benefit to bending the rules . 
  see what it has lead to . 
  had the rules not been bent , the eurozone would n't have been such a disaster area . 
  so , despite the overwhelming evidence that bending the rules leads to disaster ( with added help of a badly constructed euro of course ) you think it is a good idea to bend them more ? 
  personally , i think that is even worse . 
  how do you expect anything to be build if you ca n't respect the rules ? 
   a temporary solution does not necessarily mean direct transfers although it might entail some short-term risk sharing . 
  that 's not so bad , is it ? 
  there is no such thing as a temporary solution , because it is not like one can transfer x billion to greece for example , and then they can stand on their own to feet . 
  honestly , the eu has been transferring money to the south for the last 25 years , and it does not seem to have made an impact . 
  then you say just a little bit more for a short term will make a difference ? 
  i honestly would have a hard time finding an economist who would believe you , nevermind the man in the street . 
  second - short term risk sharing a ) it is not short term , it is long term . 
  as i said , the problem with the lack of competitiveness of the south for example will not go away . 
  and , risk sharing is money transfer . 
  the finns will have to pay for your risk , your interest rate - for a long time . 
  why should they do that ? 
  they have not bended the rules , not even once - they did everything right . 
  and , as thanks for that they get higher interest rates than their neighbour sweden ? 
  adding to that , what you are suggesting goes against the treaty . 
  and yes , it is bad , for several reasons . 
  first , because it goes against the maastricht treaty and any union have to be built upon the law . 
  second , because it goes directly against what the people voted for ( they would most definately have voted no if they had known that it involved debt sharing and transfers ) and is is enormously disrespectful , not to mention extremely undemocratic to heap it on afterwards . 
  it can simply not be allowed for those reasons in itself , but there is more . 
  you are implying that it is short term , which it is not of course . 
  even with their own currency , and on the receiving end of money from the eu the greeks for example have n't exactly managed their finances well , or even built up competitive industries . 
  same goes for south of italy for example . 
  i am a bit more unsure about ireland for example , but at the least , even for ireland , we are talking over a decade of transfers , i 'd say aroung 15 years . 
  so , i guess at least 30 years of transfers for some of the countries in southern europe . 
  and , which you and i agree about , there will need to be re-negotiating and voting . 
  do you think any country in the north will vote yes to what you are suggesting ? 
  i very much doubt it , so personally i think the best solution is for either the north and the south to leave - sooner than later because it is not like it going to get easier . 
   any reunion by the institutions that set those rules . 
  in spain we got a change in the constitution that was neither demanded by the people nor subjected to people vote . 
  all to please who knows whom . 
  so , a change in the maastricht treaty then , and the ecb statue ? 
  personally i agree with you , but a ) it will take over a decade to do that , hardly something quick and convenient . 
  b ) obviously the people will have to ( and should of course , democracy is important ) vote about it . 
  i expect that a lot of the countries will vote no , since it is not just about the inflation , it is about the permanent transfers and debt sharing as well . 
  so , no , i do not think the change will happen in decades actually . 
   germans are humans , they do incur in the same follies that the rest of the humans . 
  and , the inflation and the policy of the south is the way to go ?
