  please explain to me how that , in * any * way is similar to the versaille treaty - in detail , please . 
  what would have happend to germany had they not accepted ? 
  could they walk out the way you can ( and i hope you do , i think it will benefit you ) . 
   if people like you did n't constantly try to put all the blame to greece i would return to my normal criticism of greece programme if people like you did n't victimise greece ( really , comparing 240 billion loan and a 40 million haircut to the versaille treaty is * extremely rich * ) all the time and put the blame everywhere but on greece , i would go back to rambling about the faulty euro . 
  however , since you are making outrageous comparisons , and blaming everyone but greece , i will not . 
   you can literally take random quotes of keynes from that period and they are perfectly applicable to the current situation and the austerity response to the crisis . 
  keynes theories collapsed in the 70 's , but that does n't mean he was always wrong . 
  does prove that he is not a guru though . 
  he was right about the versaille treaty . 
  it is generally acknowledge that it is one of the main reasons for pointing germany in the direction of the thirld reich . 
  what he would have said about the euro i do not know , and the euro is intertwined with greece 's economy . 
  i am bloody sure however that he would have though it idiotic to borrow as much money , pay as little taxes , and be as corrupt as the greeks have . 
  i do not know of a single economists , of any school , who supports that behaviour . 
  perhaps anarchists do . 
   everything else is different . 
  happy now ? 
  yes . 
   is it wrong to see authoritarianism , austerity , hard currencies , nazism etc and say that it is reminiscent of the late weimar republic ? 
  yes , it is , because the weimar republic conjures up the images of nazism , totaliarism , hyperinflation and war , just to name a few i do not think greece is about to start a new reich , genocide , war etc - therefore i do not think he should compare those two . 
   greece was taking its first steps in democracy . 
  we call it `` metapoliteysi '' , it 's the period after the junta ended in 1974 . 
  i know that - however , that can be compared to germany in 1984 , 39 years after the wwii ended . 
  you have had democracy for almost 40 years . 
  longer than spain if my memory serves me right , and most certainly longer than all of eastern europe , like poland , estonia etc ( estonia did n't exist as a free country before 1992 ) , so you have hell of a heads start on * all * of eastern europe . 
  if greece had played it cards right you should have been way ahead of them . 
   i do think that there are some parallels between the punitive nature of the versailles treaty and the punitive nature of the memoranda greece and its creditors are signing up . 
  ffs - the fact that you are even comparing the versaille treaty and the greek bailouts tells me two things a ) you no nothing , about the versaille treaty , or the climate in it was written . 
  do you know keynes walked out of the versailles negotiations btw ? 
  and - the fact that it was forced upon germany . 
  greece have chosen to borrow all their money , because - well , because you thought it was a grand idea i suppose . 
  germany had these payment thrown upon them as revenge , and if they did n't pay , they were going to be invaded , in the military sense . 
  greece however - well , you choose , over decades , not to build up an industry , not to pay taxes but borrow instead . 
  then you want the rest of europe to pay . 
  frankly - i do n't see any similarities , but it is like i say - you see a victimized greece wherever you look i suppose . 
  b ) and the fact that you compare those two , tells me that you say the rest of the world is wrong , and greece is right . 
  240 billions euros , and 40 billion haircut , from countries that never ever signed up for this in the first place . 
  you have already received that . 
  you just want more and more . 
  how many billions do you want ? 
  what number do you think the greek state deserves ? 
  at least in sweden it is because we are loosing the grassland . 
  we do not farm the way we use to and the incentives to keep the meadows open are very few . 
  we actually have a problem with whatever the opposite of de-forestation is called - forestation ? 
   hard currency , harsh austerity , centrist parties bypassing the parliament , a toxic political climate filled with hatred and violence . 
  sigh , that is * not * the same . 
  of course you forgot to mention that is came * after * the worst hyperinflation since - well , since forever . 
  and , the credit , and the industry were not the same.greece has received a loan of 240 billion euros and a haircut of 40 billion , and the whole bloody union is paying towards you . 
  constant meeting on how to help and aid greece . 
  that is an enomous stark difference when france were determined to squeese every drop of blood from germany , when new soviet union were a country away , comunism fighting in the streets etc. 
  not to mention that they tried out this new thing - democracy , austria/hungary ceased to exist , new social order - well , i do n't think you and i can imagine the change . 
  what i do know , is that it is nothing like greece - nothing . 
  furthermore , what i mentioned was a vital part of shaping the weimar republic . 
  also , you are forgetting to mention the * high * interest rates in germany in the latter part of the weimar republic . 
  does greece have extremely high interest rates , like the ones germany had in 1929 for example ? 
  no , actually not , since the ecb and other european countries are covering for you . 
  not exactly like germany . 
  all your banks are not collapsing either , thanks to other countries . 
   we 're both saying that the current conditions resemble the conditions of the late weimar republic . 
  hard currency , harsh austerity , centrist parties bypassing the parliament , a toxic political climate filled with hatred and violence . 
  * but you are just taking out the conditions you like , for god 's sake . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/weimar_republic ) start reading about the weimar republic , you should at least know the basic of it . 
  you just ca n't take a few conditions and scream `` weimar '' . 
  for starters , * any * understanding of * any * part of the weimar republic * has * to start with the ** loss of wwi and the versaille treaty ** . frankly , any understanding of europe 's 20th century history need to include that , not just germany 's . 
  but , of course you ignore that . 
  or , are you comparing the bailouts to versaille treaty ? 
  what world war have you just lost ? 
  also , you forget to mention that you are in the biggest union of all times , where you get help , aid , can legaly emmigrate , who helps you with austerity etc. 
  did germany get that ? 
  what pusches have you had btw ? 
  i think that is important , it certainly added to the destabilize weimar . 
  also , what sort of demagogues do you have ? 
  hitler was a enormously skillfull speaker who captivated audiences etc ? 
  does greece have any of those ? 
  and , not to forget the stab in the back myth . 
  here - a two links from r/askhistorians . 
  [ link 1 ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/1gf7cv/could_someone_explain_to_me_why_the_weimar/ ) [ link 2 ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/1aq3jl/to_what_extent_was_nationalism_a_cause_of_the/ ) [ here ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/weimar-the-real-story-of-the-devastating-collapse-that-haunts-the-eurozone-today-2012-10?op=1 ) is also a link that explains that the hyperinflation ( to a great deal responsible for a lot of the instability ) actually started even during the war . 
  you have n't even had a war in the last decade or two , certainly not lost a world war . 
   you are making a strawman out of my argument . 
  no i am not . 
  besides , talking about strawmen - what is the opposite ? 
  i 'd like to know what one calls someone who ignores the most obvious arguments , like in your case loss of wwi and versaille treaty . 
  it 's like i would discuss spains 20th century history and leave out the civil war . 
   you do n't have that in all crisis-stricken countries . 
  that does not make you the weimar republic , for god 's sake . 
  honestly , have you read any books about it ? 
  it is like i ca n't even begin to discuss with you , because you frankly ca n't see germany , you see greece everywhere you look . 
  start to read about it , then come back and tell me about your putsches , your baby step in democracy , your versaille treaty . 
  * that * is vital for the understanding of the weimar , just like the loss of wwi . 
  ok , wrong about slovenia then . 
   debt-to-gdp ratio , unemployment , export as a percentage of gdp and long-term economic prospects . 
  probably , but i think they have a higher income than you have . 
  their debt/gdp is not sustainable though , so unless they leave , i guess they are getting a new haircut . 
  however , i might be wrong about slovenia . 
  neither greece nor slovenia is the weimar republich though . 
   hard currency that led to an explosion in easy credit did the weimar republic have an easy credit ? 
  frankly , you seem to be grasping at straws . 
  there are a lot more to the rise of nazi 's ( which the comparison with the weimar republic indicates ) than austerity and a desperate economic situation . 
  so , what putsches have you had ? 
  what land have you lost recently ? 
  are you a recent democracy ?
