  my spanish friends says differently . 
   even in places where it 's not traditional . 
  well , they are starting to forbid it in places where it is not traditional , for example catalonia . 
  and , they are depending on tourism too , you know . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.hsi.org/world/europe/news/releases/2013/04/spain_bullfighting_ipsos_poll_042313.html ) is a report that disagree with what you said . 
  i states what i said , that most of the spanish dislike it , but * not * what you said , that * only * tourists supports it , goes and wants it . 
  so , i still think you are wrong . 
  brilliant . 
  i wish they did that in sweden . 
  i have n't gone to it . 
  if it is only tourists who goes , why the breeding , the arenas , the matadors etc. 
  why not then just forbid it - like catalonia has done ? 
  i happen to believe if all the spanish people hated it it would have been forbidden . 
  bullfighting . 
  i know that many spaniards do n't like it either , but it just seems so ... weird and archaic to me , not to mention that it is not really a nice way to treat an animal , not to me at least . 
  thinking of that , all the stray dogs in eastern europe , like rumania , seems weird to me . 
  i do n't know - google it . 
  sorry , i am sure they are :-) . 
  no , if you look at the original data set they leave out the nordic countries . 
  i 'll think you get better answers in the individual countries reddit honestly . 
  sweden ( and norway/finland i believe ) have `` allemansr\u00e4tten '' - all men 's right , which means you can camp anywhere in the forest for a night , if you are trying to camp . 
  [ link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_to_roam ) . 
  the nordic countries are really expensive , the cheapest eastern europe . 
  if you are going to scandinavia , go in the summer . 
  because they have no natural predators and i suppose they are to many ? 
  one can eat and wear them too , although i imagine they do not taste very well . 
  also , they seem to be the primary carriers of the bacteria . 
  from what i have understood bovine tb is difficult to `` fix '' and one need to attack it from multiple angles , where shooting off the primary carriers is one . 
  do you think you can eradicate bovine tb on the british isles without shooting badgers ? 
  what are your suggestions to eradicate bovine tb ? 
  as far as i know , but it has been a few years . 
   badgers are cute , and a lot of people in the uk like animals more than other people . 
  so do i actually but that does n't make me ignore science ... . 
  however , i have understood that killing them is only part of the battle , it will actually be necessary to make sure that badgers never come in contact with the cows food and feeding area , so if the protesters can get that point across , maybe they are not all useless . 
  so your badgers are having tuberculosis ( the bovine kind ) ? 
  interesting , one learn something new every day . 
  you have been over in sweden btw ( i just googled the situation in swedish ) to learn how to hunt badgers :-) . 
  may i ask why you stopped hunting the badgers in the first place ? 
  haha , now you are a butthurt coward . 
  haha , at least i am not a coward . 
  a coward can never be or amount to anything - just like you . 
  oh , he will just insult you . 
  just downvote him . 
  i have to warn you , fateswarm is the worst coward and troll at r/europe . 
  take a look , he has already deleted the thread not to get to many downvotes ( you can look in / r/europe and then at `` full comments '' ), 
  i 'd ask in the individual countries subreddits . 
  orhan palmuk and yasar kemal are two authors that i know are turkish . 
  otherwise , a secular state with a huge muslim population . 
  huge fans of attat\u00fcrk , and i think it is still forbidden to critisize him . 
  armenian genocide which they deny to this day . 
  have treated the kurds like shit , but it is improving . 
  obviously east rome that continued to 1453 , the byzantine empire , the siege of vienna , troy , invasion of cyprus . 
  arch enemies of the greeks . 
  members of nato . 
  i 've always wanted to go to istanbul , but i think i 'll stay at home for a few more weeks ... 
  v\u00e4sterbottenost is really my favourite hard cheese !, 
  well yes , but i prefer other brands , like leksand . 
  my grandmother used to make her own , which is the best . 
  ca n't eat any of it any more , unfortunately , ca n't eat gluten . 
  who is it , according to the gossip forums ? 
  edit : nevermind , i googled it . 
  let us just hope that the individual countries follows through on this . 
  thanks . 
  wonder where i got the idea from that he was an economist . 
  it was m/s estonia , a ship between tallinn and stockholm . 
  it sank in 1994 , on the baltic sea . 
  850 people , mostly swedes but also estonians , finns etc died in the tragedy . 
  their president is tomas ilves who i believe is an economist . 
  estonian pirates raided sigtuna , sweden in 11xx . 
  their language is related to finnish . 
  between 12xx an 1918 they have been ruled by foreign powers , swedes , germans ( deutsche order i believe ) and of course russians . 
  they were christianed in the baltic crusades . 
  they sing - it is sort of symbolic , i believe they sang against the russians . 
  state between 1918-1944 , then part of the soviet union and then an independent state since 1991 ( 1992 ? ), 
  sofie oksanen , the author , is half estonian . 
  and the torched is passed . 
  wonder who will be next ? 
  i could n't read the whole article , since i am on my phone , but this is certainly true from an biologists point of view , although it ca n't be the only consideration in a modern society . 
  i forget his name , but an american biologist who wrote how much the prairie had been destroyed by the cows and horses ( not native to the us ) honestly got in real trouble . 
  apart from being attacked by the us meat lobby , he also got threatened etc. 
  of course the fact that you let millions of one species multiply and increase to a non natural rate , or even import animals - you will fuck up the ecosystem , that is not news . 
  i hear that every countries health care is inefficient . 
  to me they seem to work quite well actually , and i am pleased with ours ( sweden ) . 
  i thought nhs was pretty ok . 
  i do n't believe all muslims are anti gay , anti women etc , and there are clearly differences among the muslims as well ( for example in sweden the iranians are fairly well educated and good at `` integrating '' whatever that means , but the somaliis have huge problems ) , but the fact that there is this huge part of the population where those tendencies are increasing is scary . 
  what is more scary , nothing is really being done about it , and i do n't think we should tolerate that . 
   actually , most of the residency that explode at night in corsica are semi mafia semi independantists ( you are asked to pay for the independentists or else your residency will be destroyed ) . 
  that is what i have heard too - more mafia though then separatist ( do n't they receive billions from from france and the eu that they do n't want to loose ) . 
  i guess they can keep on going as long as they do n't kill anyone . 
   honour killings are thankfully still rare but they are horrific . 
  true , the killings are rare , but there are a lot of females ( and some males ) that are not killed , but living basically as prisoners , their movements so restricted . 
  also , a lot of them are forced to marry people not of their choosing . 
  in sweden , i think the number is over 10 000 , so it must be huge in britain . 
  again , not only muslims , but whoever continues this practise should be severly punished . 
   what our hate speech laws does n't stop are reasonable discussion about things . 
  i know that it is fleeting , but it is nothing reasonable about saying gays should be punished by death . 
  sharia says so btw , so anyone supporting sharia , is supporting that . 
  it is nothing reasonable about saying women is inferior , it is horrible . 
  although i understand it can be hard to prosecute it . 
   there is n't much we can do about immigration , we have to let anybody in from the eu though out current government have made noises about a points based system which i 'm not particularly sure on .
