  the fact that his victims still lives , those who survives . 
  if you are so fucking clueless that you do n't even understand that , well i ca n't help you . 
  but you and all the other serbs have tought me one thing . 
  i understand that you have an enormous problem with democracy and that you interpret history the way you want . 
  that has brought you enormous problems , and if you had any sense , you would stop . 
  but as you have proven , you are so fucking clueless that you ca n't even remotely understand why honoring a fucking dictator is bad , and try to compare that to a king that died in 1844 . 
  i am so glad you guys are not in the eu , and i hope you never enter . 
  democracy and history does n't really seem to be your strong suit . 
  you are giving the wife of an oppressor , dictator and murderer the highest honour you can give , jut because she was married to said murderer , dictator and oppressor . 
  i think we all know who needs a little education of right and wrong ( lets face it , your track record is n't excellent , but i am sure you can blame it on the swedish king as well ) and the fact that you do n't even understand that itsie , bitsie tiny bit about murders and dictatorship tells me you have a long , long way to go . 
  trust me , had our king been a dictator that had killed thousands of people , oppressed millions and worked ** against * democracy - we would not give his queen a state funeral and say he was a top notch guy . 
  you are actively honoring a dictatator . 
   the world is far more in shades of gray than you present it . 
  tito was far more than just a dictator . 
  he was a very important person for our history . 
  so you had freedom , he did n't kill anyone etc ? 
  of * course * he was important , what dictator was n't ? 
  i am sure stalin , mao , pinochet or and castro are important too . 
   he did a lot of bad things but he did a lot of good things too like almost evey dictator that i know of . 
  pinochet fixed the economy , castro has an excellent health care system , gadaffi emphasized womens rights and mussolini crushed the mob . 
  do you think they should be honoured . 
   we had better standards of living than all our neighbors ( romania , hungary etc. . . ) what about your neighbours austria etc ? 
  ddr btw had better standards then you . 
   we had better standards of living than all our neighbors ( romania , hungary etc. . . ) he took a lot of loans that you could n't afford that messed up your economy afterwards . 
  he also oppressed stuff like croatian independence , had mass deportations and thus laid the groundworks for the collapse . 
   in fact , tito being the leader of the partisans was more elected than your stupid king who was born into `` blue-bloodness '' . 
  you are an idiot . 
  he has no power . 
  we * do * elect our prime minister , but you must honestly be so stupid that you think we are a dictatorship under a king . 
  our equalent to tito , had we had a dictator in the last 200 years , it would have been our statsminister . 
  and , had he done what tito had done we would n't call him a swell guy and honour him . 
   you wo n't listen . 
  i am . 
  what the serbs are saying is that since tito was less of a dictator than stalin and his ilkes , he is not really a bad dictator , since he only had thousands murderd , not million . 
  also , he oppressed people but less than in * some * other dictatorships . 
  also , yugoslavia was not as poor as romania and hungary , so he deserves to be honoured . 
  you ignore the loans he took , and the thousands murders , the peopel deported and the oppression , since there are worse people around ( which is true ) . 
  with that reasoning gadaffi was a cool guy , and castro is a top notch dude . 
  is that your argument for honouring a dictator ? 
  that another country up north is a constitutional monarchy ? 
  so what you are saying is that serbia think like this - well , tito killed thousands and oppressed millions for over 30 years . 
  we will honour him and his relatives forever since sweden has a monarchy ? 
  you are honouring a dictator . 
  why not just come out and say that you like dictators ? 
  are you afraid of doing that ? 
   however , many would argue that there should be an asterisk added to it . 
  tito can not be mentioned in the same sentence with the likes of hitler , stalin , ceausescu , pinochet , pol pot , etc. 
  well , he murderded thousands , and oppressed millions . 
  that he was better a murdered less than his contemporaries , does not make him a good guy . 
  also , that he only murded in the beginning ( mostly ) is because afterwards there were not that many more , and he had already shown what would happen . 
  so , really , it does not make him a good guy , or an honorable guy . 
  he did not allow to much opposition , not at all . 
   e relative prosperity , freedom , and quality of life ( that approached some western european figures ) that followed . 
  of the eastern countries ddr had it best . 
  one do no see them honoring honecker , who had far , far less killed than tito . 
  do n't you think it would be weird giving mrs honecker a state funeral , generally reserved for adenauer and people like him ? 
  b ) besides , if i understand the economic side of it he took a lot of loans yugoslavia in no way could afford and thus laid the groundwork for later economic problems later on . 
  had he lived he would have had to face them too . 
  why would anyone honour that ? 
   finally , as an aside , i would n't really call the regime communist , but rather one based on socialist self-management . 
  certain communist figures were respected , but the system was quite different from what was practiced in the warsaw pact nations . 
  ok , i 'll stop calling him that , thanks . 
  but what did he call himself ? 
   serbia , as the legal successor , is honoring the widow of a former head of state ( who is not vilified to the extent of the above mentioned dictators ) . 
  but a former head of state * that was a dictator who had thousands killed and millions oppressed * . 
  he oppressed anyone who wanted an independent croatia etc ( and did n't he punish them for ustasja or however it is spelled ) and thus laid the groundwork for the war that followed , really . 
  i mean , i can understand that one can leave the woman alone , but frankly , what serbia is doing is giving the highest honour they can to a man who was a dictator , laid the groundworks for both a civil war and a bad economy and had thousands killed ( or is it hundreds of thousands with all the ethnic germans ) . 
  i mean , he is part of the serbian history , and he was by all accounts a very interesting man , but one should not overlook the things i just mentioned , at least i do n't think so . 
  no matter how one swings it , it is an honour , given to a dictator really, 
  how can one interpret in different when they give the states highest honour to the wife of a murderous dictator . 
  i 'd hardly see that in germany . 
  the romanians killed their dictators wife , and i ca n't think of any other country that would honour a woman like that with the highest honour . 
  well , one , argentina and evita peron . 
  i do not think mrs pinochet is getting a state funeral . 
  but serbia gives the highest honour they can to tito 's relatives . 
  that must mean that they like him - one do not give state funerals to people one dislike . 
   nope , just the wives of dictators . 
  exactly , they honour dictators relatives . 
  they are honoring the dictator . 
  you do n't see the germans honoring the relatives of honecker do you ? 
  or romania , bulgaria or any other  he was a military dictator , no doubts about that . 
  but he was n't just that i can say that about almost any dictator , including the big three , stalin , hitler and mao , not to mention for example assad , castro , franco , pinochet etc. 
  that is not and excuse , not at all . 
  at the end of the day i guess serbia just loves tito . 
  i guess they are fond of dictators . 
   o , that means i 'm full of shit !, 
   yes , every one . 
  i ca n't believe i 'm having this conversation with you !, 
  i honestly ca n't believe that serbia do not understand that a state funeral is an honour , and that you are saying that tito was n't a dictator . 
   she was a member of anti-fascist , partisan movement in the ww2 . 
  so every partisan get a state funeral ? 
   oh , and she was tito 's wife . 
  he was the guy who lead the resistance and tried to ease the cold war for 30 + years . 
  the tito who was a dictator and had thousand of people murdered and oppressed opposing views ? 
  sounds like a lovely bloke . 
   yup , he ( indirectly ) killed many innocent people , but people here seem forget about that , because , well , he was better than stalin or hitler right ? 
  i do n't even understand that logic . 
  no , really , that is fucked up . 
   i agree that he is part of our history , but we should n't honour him in any way . 
  of course he is , and he should n't be `` hidden '' in any way , but one does n't have to go out of ones way to honour him .
