  at least according to my mother . 
  do n't have a garden really , so just asking . 
   running the leaves over with a lawnmower is enough . 
  even if the garden have all kinds of leavy trees , like oaks and it 's a centimeter thick layer ? 
  if so , my mother lied to me and my siblings . 
  every fall , rake the leaves - she could have let us stay indoors !, 
  i just remember lifting on one of those layers , and it is always hardly any grass beneath . 
  you are right , but i would n't call it exploration , i 'd call it genocide . 
  was it four millions that died ? 
  i imagine that at least some of it might be due to campaigns , truthfulness . 
  some of it - i guess if we really have more sex/one night stands and do n't use a condom we could have more diseases . 
  every summer they have huge std campaigns . 
  also , at least for chlamydia there are these home tests one can order for free and send in , so it is fairly easy / discreet to test oneself too . 
  well , the nordic countries seems to be on top of this one . 
  i bet it would have been different had they included the vatican . . 
  good name . 
  yes , we do actually ( sweden ) . 
  it is good for the biological diversity . 
  also , in `` natural '' forrests , untouched ones , there is a lot more of old trees , dry bushes etc that is more likely to catch fire if there 's a lightning strike on warm day . 
  unfortunately we do not have a lot of untouched forrests , so in the last 10-15 years they have started ( small scale , but it is a good start ) to do controlled forest fires . 
  i know they do in canada too . 
  hopefully it will catch on :-) . 
  here you can see the picture that he tweeted ... nsfw obviously . 
  look to the right . 
  the whole photo is bad btw , it is not like one can see the tattoo either really . 
  unfortunately , they 'll become more and more common in southern europe , with the climate change and all . 
  meanwhile , we have so few that we now have planned forest fires ( which is good btw , every forest need a good fire every now and then ) . 
  i agree , i am a woman too , who considers myself a feminists . 
  however , they really have this weird , and in my opinion oppressive form of feminism going on . 
  basically , not about the freedom of choice , whatever it might be , but `` do as we do '' . 
  that is not feminism , it is totaliarism . 
  also , i do not know how you say it in english , but they focus on less important stuff ( like porn ) but ignore the big things . 
  people are truly are being oppressed , right under their noses , in arranged marriages for example , in sweden . 
  if they had try to stop that ( it is banned , but a stricter law for example ) i would have supported it . 
  and , that is truly oppressive against humans , but it mostly affects the woman . 
  geneva is a rather small city actually , you 'll be able to walk around it in a day ( 200 000 people ) . 
  the swiss speak english , and it is very international , so do n't worry . 
  if you can go away for a day or two from geneva , i 'd go to lake como , it is really nice there . 
  do you have a source ? 
  i do not quite understand, 
  they do not want to go on a vacation of course , like you do . 
  and , if they knew it would mean certain death , i am sure they would not hide among the wheels of the plane . 
  i do not know how one define desperation , but i say they want a better life and do not realise the dangers . 
  somehow you make it sound like staying would mean certain death . 
  i do not believe that . 
  i might just very well be so that they are not aware of the dangers , and just think they have found an easy way into europe . 
  there 's a documentary about a body who fell from a plane on bbc radio . 
  ca n't link , i am on my phone , but search for it . 
  that man wanted a better life , but staying did in no mean certain death or something . 
  he even had money before , but lost it . 
  they want to get to europe and do n't realise the dangers . 
  i bet most of sweden 's tweets comes from our foreign minister , carl bildt . 
  given the latest debacle ( a politician accidentally posted a picture of his penis ) i think our politicians should stay away from it . 
  for the last time , for a fiscal union to happen it will take decades , among other things you need a new treaty . 
  that is if the people of the north think it is a grand idea to pay off your debts . 
  greece do not have decades . 
  so , again , explain why * you * deserve it , above all others . 
  i explained to you clearly , that you will cost other people money ( which you already have ) . 
  otherwise , explain the list of countries that deserve it and who does n't - i am waiting . 
  also , explain how your hairbrained idea of reducing everyones debt in the ez will work . 
  and , i noticed that you did not explain how you would get your reduction from the imf . 
  explain that , both politically and economically btw . 
  honestly , you seriously do not know debt . 
   i am not proposing the abolition of all debt . 
  so , what do you propose , exactly , for imf to forgive your debt , for starters . 
  you admitted that greece is the least urgent/needy of all the countries who need imf to forgive their debt so either you say that despite that , a ) greece 's debt should be reduced first b ) all the countries that owe imf money should have their debt forgiven ( including greece , of course ) . 
  that would , completely uphaul the monetary system of course . 
  do you honestly think that is about to happen ? 
  it has to be one of those . 
  and , that is * incredilbe naive * , politically and economically . 
  and , it will not happen . 
   i am not proposing the abolition of all debt . 
  even if not all , you wanted a haircut/debt reduction for all eu/ez countries . 
  that is so naive , that i ca n't even begin to fathom how you can propose that . 
  i keep asking you to explain how , and you are just saying `` fiscal union , fiscal union '' , as if that is magic ' i realise that i have to explain some basics for you . 
  the economy in the world is built upon debt , credit , and interest rates . 
  all states ( almost , i am making it simple here , so do not nag at me if i oversimplify it ) have debt . 
  these debts ( in the future know as bonds ) are papers that either citizens , other central banks/countries , or other financial institutions buy . 
  they might buy these bonds , for 100 euro and in one year they will get 110 euro . 
  that is an interest rate of 10 % btw . 
  the state in short borrows 100 euro , and promises in the future to pay them 110 . 
  that is one of the most important cornerstones of our economy . 
  so , if the state does n't pay back , those loosing money are banks , citizens , and other countries . 
  it is a default . 
  how to reduce debt is a ) paying it off b ) letting your gdp grow , so that the debt/gdp ratio changes . 
  c ) very unlikely , but just having your debt forgiven . 
  you said that every single country in the eurozone ( or was it eu , nevermind , let us go with the ez ) should have their debt reduced , because they all deserved it - everyone should be treated like the greeks ( since you want the greeks to have a debt reduction ) . 
  so , let us for fun say that greece get a debt reduction of 50 % . 
  instead of having a debt gdp ratio of 160 % ( again , rough numbers ) you will have a debt/gdp of 80 % - much much more managble . 
  so , a ) would your gdp rise - not very likely . 
  b ) someone else pay it off for you - yes , perhaps . 
  since a lot of the money greece owes goes to international institutions and banks , a lot of other countries , might be able to help cover for those banks . 
  that means that other countries tax payers , have to pay for the fact that greece is n't , to save the institutions . 
  also , we have version c ) for example that other states forgave you your debt , ( for example the uk ) and that would mean that the british taxpayers would suffer a loss , due to greece . 
  this is what you want . 
  debt reduction for greece , and no matter how you twist it , it will cost other countries tax payers a lot of money . 
  i have repetedly asked you why * greece * deserves this , why other countries should shoulden you debt , and you , answered with frankly such a baffling and idiotic economic statement that i ca n't comprehend it . 
  * you suggested that every single country in the eurozone ( or was it eu ) should get the same treatement * . 
  that is when i gave up on you , economically . 
  so , for a though experiment , let us see what happens if every single country does that - let us start with germany .
