  also the reason why you and i probably pay more interest than bill gates , were we to borrow money . 
  the lenders ( banks ) take more of a risk with us , than with bill gates . 
  however , our interest rate ( yours and mine ) would most definately fall if bill gates said - they are with us , i guarantee that they will pay back . 
  instead of 4 % , you and i would perhaps pay 2 % ( just making up the numbers now , of course ) . 
  that is exactly what has happened with the italian debt . 
  the italian interest rates were on the rise , then ecb went in and said - we are going to buy , unlimited amount of bonds , we are going to do everything we can to keep the italian interest rate down . 
  and - the italian rate went down . 
  but , do you think it went down because all of a sudden people believed that italy were actually going to start working on italy ? 
  of course not , it went down because the finns , austrian , germans , dutch , french agreed to shoulder the risk . 
  so , people still do not think they are more likely to get their money back from italy , but they do think it is likely that they will get it from the finns ... . thus , italy is being propped up , i.e. , the italian interest rates are being kept artificially low buy tax payers and guarantees from other countries . 
  if ecb left italy out to dry , the interest rate would be up , to a point where italy could n't handle it . 
  so , the italians got some breathing room , through the help of other countries tax payers . 
  do they use this breathing room to vote for someone who will start to deal with their huge problem ? 
  someone who will make the much needed structural reforms , deal with the corruption , tax evasion etc. 
  no , they do not . 
  instead they choose berlusconi and a clown , effectively saying to the other countries that we do not care that you are keeping us up , we are not in any hurry , whatsoever to fix this . 
  how come italians do not realise this ? 
  cool . 
  i was wrong then . 
  interesting . 
  thank you . 
   we did improve the debt/gbp rate from 1996 to 2001 and from 2006 to 2008 . 
  when berlusconi was at the opposition everyone did . 
  it was the up years . 
  hard to fail those years . 
   the reason why the euro is a good thing for italy , is because we can not anymore believe that we can go from one devaluation to the next . 
  i can understand that , but it is only good if you use the breathing space to reforms , and positive changes . 
  instead of actually reforming , dealing with the tax evasion , corruption and structural reforms . 
  all italy is doing now is instead of devaluating , you are letting other countries tax payers shoulder the burden/risk . 
  the italians are still not trying to fix italy . 
  the guy that tried get voted away . 
  what do you think will happen when other countries tax payers get tired , not just of shouldering your risk ( because that is what an interest is , a risk . 
  that is why it costs more money for uganda to borrow money than for finland - bigger risk of not getting them back from uganda ) , in particular when the italian voters have made it abundantly clear that they are not even remotely interested in fixing what is wrong . 
  why are italians so hell bent on not fixing stuff , or why do n't the italians realise that they are being propped up by other countries . 
  they are shouldering you , and in return you vote for berlusconi - again . 
  and a clown . 
  when are italy going to start to actually change ? 
  the fact is , that interest rate is a risk . 
  the one who lends the money is taking a risk . 
  that is also why want more money lending money to uganda , than to finland . 
  yes , because the radioactive cloud from 1986 came over sweden . 
  not over italy . 
  and , sweden have been testing its meat ever since , and you can also see the ratio sinking . 
  you do n't all of a sudden , after 25 years show up radioactive material from 1986 , from the wrong direction of the cloud , and no one has detected it before . 
  all of a sudden ? 
  should n't it be all over the place then ? 
  since 1986 , with the ratio slowly falling , like in sweden ? 
  and - wild boars becoming 25 years ? 
    for example , you should n't have a debt of more than 60 % of gdp . 
   yes , and except during berlusconi 's governments so , apart from the last 20 years , you have tried hard ? 
  for how long have berlusconi been in power really ? 
  honestly , to me it seems like italy has n't tried at all then . 
   also , it has a very large public debt but a very small private debt . 
  does n't matter , it says 60 % . 
  and , you can see a huge rise in that if the ecb decided that they did n't want to back you up any more . 
   never with money . 
  just promising to do that was enough to put speculation to rest . 
  so , they did n't buy the bonds that the article said they bought ? 
   even the need for this is just speculation . 
  so , let them quit then . 
  honestly , italy ca n't put its head in the sand anymore , which sounds like you want to do . 
  yes , you have been a net payer , but you have done nothing , at all , to fix the corruption , the bribes , the tax evasion and above all , the structural reforms you need so badly in the last 20 years . 
  if the ecb were not propping italy up , the interest rates would go through the roof . 
   italy has always been , and still is , a net payer to the eu . 
  the eurozone and the eu are two different things . 
  27 countries in the eu , 14 ( soon to be 15 in the ez ) . 
  that does not in any way help the tax payers from finland/germany/the netherlands who are now shouldering the risk for the italians . 
  you have an artificially low risk , due to the fact that the tax payers in other countries guarantee that the investors will get their money back . 
  and , instead then of voting for someone who can reform the system , italy choose to vote fo a ) a clown b ) someone who is corrupt and has decidedly not reformed the system before . 
  could an italian perhaps explain this ? 
  what do they say about it in the italian news sources ? 
  the chernobyl explanation does not sound very plausible to me , not at all . 
  do you have radioactive waste lying around ? 
   italy has never participated into any of the stability mechanisms . 
  you are supposed to , and have been since 1999 to have a budget in accordance with the eu budgetary rules . 
  you have not , nor are you obeying them though . 
  for example , you should n't have a debt of more than 60 % of gdp . 
  are you saying , that italy , unlike all the other countries in the eurozone are not obliged , by the treaty they have signed , to follow it ? 
  and yes , are you not aware of the fact that the ecb has gone out and defended the italian interest rate ? 
  i think the commentator ( on bbc , it was over 6 months ago ) used the word - limitless . 
  the reason they did this is that italy is to big to bail out , and to big to fall . 
  so yes , if the ecb did n't defend the italian interest rate , it would be where it was going to before - up . 
  a lot . 
  you can read about it [ here ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/2012/sep/06/debt-crisis-mario-draghi ) for example . 
  the word they use is `` unlimited '' . 
  who do you think guarantee that people will eventually get their money ? 
  the italian tax payers ? 
  or , other countries tax payers ? 
   after many years of indifference and stasis , however , many feel that it 's like fighting windmills , and maybe it 's time for something different . 
  i can understand that it is extremely frustrating . 
   italy has lost over hundreds of thousands people to emigration in the last few years , almost all of them with skills or degrees ( engineers , scientists , doctors , etc ) i think we benefit from that . 
  so , what would it take for italy to change ? 
  at some point the rest of the eurozone might not be to fond of keeping italy up , while the italians keep electing clowns/berlusconi ... . . 
   but it would be useless . 
  why would it be useless ? 
  so , what are you going to do when the shit hits the fan ? 
  do you think the rest of the eurozone is endlessly willing to pay for italy , while the italians elect clowns and dodge taxes ? 
   we do n't realise it . 
  that is digging your own grave . 
  what would it take to make italians to take responsibility for italy ?
