  but , the scandinaivan side of me still belive in less violence ... 
  the french unions are * very * confusing to me and i come from a highly unionised country . 
  from what i understand they have a lot of power , more than they should have if one look at the numbers , and they are very aggressive . 
  to me - they are kidnappers and should be sentenced as such . 
  yes , i know !, 
  and it was no bloody emergency , all you ez countries just decided not to give a single fuck and break the rules instead of democratically try to change them !, 
  why did you do that ? 
  have you no respect for the rules ? 
  can everyone act like you or a you special countries that can ignore the law . 
  if so - why ? 
  or can we just do like you and for example not pay our eu fee for a decade just because we do not feel like if ? 
  and again - how do you expect to build anything if you do n't give a flying fuck about the law or rules?explain in detail please !, 
  and - if you * had * bothered to follow the law , neither greece nor italy would have been in the eu and would n't have been bailed out . 
  think about that - all the trouble , tragedy and money that could have been saved if you cared one tiny bit a out rules . 
  * so again - why did n't you , ez countries * ? 
  what ? 
  joining the euro was n't . 
  the should n't have been allowed in !, 
  and no , they should have left . 
  that us not beyond their control and most certainly not beyond frances and germany 's . 
  and that is not `` punishing '' greece . 
  that is your moralistic view , not mine . 
  i happen to think that the euro is an idiotically and wrongly constructed currency and greece would be far better off outside it . 
  so , the moral view is yours since you seem to think the euro is a pinnacle as to we all should join and aspire . 
  as a swede i can assure you we do not . 
  the efsb ? 
  and again , that does n't matter . 
  give me a good reason for a - ignoring and not giving a fuck bout the law for decades ( what was greece , italy and belgium doing in the euro when it clearly broke the rules , hardly an emergency ) and why the ez are it attempting to write new proper rules ? 
  exception beyond control ? 
  how did we * not * have control over letting for example greece/italy/belgium in ? 
  ( gdp over 60 % ) . 
  how did we not have control over following the budget rules ? 
  we 're there no other options than continuously bailing out nations ? 
  that is a weak case that does n't stand for a second , and there is still no reason as to why the states have n't even attempted in most cases to change the treaty , or to follow the rules . 
  why are n't we negotiating a new treaty this very second ? 
  and , how can we build anything when the ez-states think they are not obliged to follow the law , to follow treaties ? 
  and , instead of fixing themselves , the want institutions to act like them - like the ecb . 
  that is corrupting the eu . 
  again . 
  if one do not like the rules one does n't just ignore them, 
  ok , thanks . 
  to change the statue of the ecb i think all the countries that at some point want/can/may / should join the euro have to agree . 
  they are 26 at the moment . 
  or , at least there has to be an open debate among the 18 euro countries , which there has not been . 
  in fact , the ecb is forbidden to involve themselves in individual countries like they have with italy . 
  nor have i 've seen any serious attempts to change the ecb statue . 
  i am sure that it would be carefully covered in germany . 
  so , i do n't see them changing it . 
  basically , the treaties and the statues tie the ez to one behaviour . 
  the smart thing would be to change the treaty but that would mean popular votes , and there is i way in hell any northern population will say yes and sign up for bailing out countries , huge transfers , shared debt and other things that a currency need to work . 
  so instead one break the rules and does the minimum for it to work . 
  i think that is idiotic , and it is killing the south . 
  since the north will never agree to transfers , shared debt etc , the south should quit the euro . 
  what one should not do is doing what one does now , slowly killing the south and breaking the rules . 
  bce ? 
  no , if you make a new lisbon treaty you have to involve all eu countries . 
  and it explicitly states that there should be no bailouts !, 
  and , that treaty still stands , and has n't been changed . 
  so you just ca n't say that you voted for it , or made a new one . 
  unless you change the ecb statue , lisbon treaty etc bailouts should not happen . 
  france , germany et al and the ez can not override that since it has been signed by all of the eu apart from uk and denmark which have special rules . 
  i am swedish , we have * not * voted on that . 
  when i said you i meant france obviously and you did not answer , you were being a child . 
  it does n't matter if you vote yes to it - * it goes against the treaty you have signed * . 
  it is as if france would vote yes to not paying * any * money to the eu for 2014 . 
  it would be illegal even if your parliament said yes to that since * france has pledged to pay to the eu * . 
  you just ca n't stop . 
  and , the french parliament can not just vote to ignore treaties and eu law !, 
  what ? 
  are you saying that the fact that * you * are not a head of state is the reason as to why the eurozone countries can not attempt to work within a democratic framework and legally attempt to change the law ? 
  i thought we were having a discussion , but i guess you want to be a child . 
  have a nice evening . 
  fado ? 
  good at english ? 
  dark hair ? 
  like football ? 
  catholic and social conservative , or at least used to be . 
  what ? 
  france forced the euro upon the germans , it was a condition for the crises , but the germans never agreed to bail out southern europe . 
  are you mad ? 
  not did the finns , i can assure you of that . 
  it would hardly have been a yes then . 
  and yes , the euro is flawed , but again , you have n't answered as to why you have n't , and * still does n't * even attempt to change the treaties , democratically and how you are going to build a union where you do n't have rules , and even if you have them , you can apparently just not give a shit if you do n't like them . 
  answer those questions please . 
  excuse me , we have voted and accepted that framework , and until the crises no one argued about it . 
  if you do not like it , * change * it , but do not ignore it and do not break it . 
  do you think countries should just ignore laws that does n't suit them at the moment ? 
  what sort of union are you going to build if everyone just accept the laws they like at the moment ? 
  i agree , the euro is wrongly constructed but no northern country , none , would have voted yes if it had been frame like `` you have to share your debt , bail out other countries and expect huge financial transfers in the future . 
  none !, 
  so you can not , expect anyone to like this , and of course they feel cheated . 
  and it would have been so much cheaper for germany to bail out their banks , one time , than to have to bail out greece , portugal , spain et al , time and time again , and their banks . 
  but if you want to change something , do it legally within the democratic framework at your disposal , and follow the rules . 
  why ca n't you do that ? 
  yes , and the ecb broke ( and are breaking ) the rules . 
  that is not good . 
  it has to do with morality because the currency union 's legal framework says that each country is responsible for their own economy , and no one should bail anyone else out . 
  they feel , rightfully btw , cheated . 
  no , not really . 
  the ecb are legally bound to watch the inflation like a hawk .
