  it is only illegal to beat them up or fire them . 
  not to hate them . 
  i think it is a huge problem that every year we take in people whos views on lgbtq-rights and women rights are frankly , appallling . 
  i do not think it is ok who want to discriminate against me and my friends . 
  yes , they are and i like that they exist since they will force us to respond to the issue . 
  however , i am not voting for them . 
  much like the green party , which i on occasion like since they bring up green issues , but i do not vote for them either . 
  they want to increase payments to a lot of stuff , like pensions , unemployment benefits etc , and i do not see how they can do that without raising taxes . 
  while i am certainly against the euro , and rather negative against the eu , i do not know if the best idea is to leave , like they want . 
  they are also btw , the most pro-israel party , and while i am not against israels right to exist , i think they are behaving disgustingly . 
  i like that they are focusing on the defense , and i , like them , are pro nuclear . 
  some of the stuff that i am pro and against with sd . 
  while i like that they bring up the immigration issue that was n't the main issue for me . 
  and i do n't agree with several of their politics . 
  i do n't think sd is going to affect equality policies one way or another . 
  i think that i the long run they will affect immigration . 
  since more and more people will vote for them and at some point , whether it is when they get 20 % or 30 % they will have to start listening to them and above all - start discussing the issues that people want them to discuss . 
  no , not really . 
  most people do not want a racist party . 
  however , that does n't mean that they think the sd are racists . 
  is it xenophobia to point out that most people that come to sweden are living off the government after 10 years and there is a huge over representation of crime even after you correct for stuff like `` social class '' and income equality . 
  is that racism ? 
  i did not know facts could be racists . 
  please tell me why it is in detail please . 
  i am not saying he is less of a human - i want to know why i should pay for him ? 
  and for most people from the middle east and north africa to sweden . 
  they are , financially speaking , a net loss . 
  so , please explain to me again in detail why i am supposed to pay , forever , for immigrants ? 
  and why do they commit more crimes ? 
  is it racist not wanting to increase taxes for immigrants . 
  that is actually what we have to do . 
  no joke !, 
  i think you have a strange definition of racism . 
  i think you are racist towards europeans who do not want their costs increased . 
  and that is not true . 
  even if we calculate for `` class differences '' as in basically correct for income we * still * have a huge over representation of immigrants when it comes to crime for example . 
  the left do not like that statistic though . 
  and of course nothing get solved by blaming the opponent ( by no way an exclusive left thing , the right are good at that to ) . 
  they have a weak minority government , 41 % . 
  if the opposition and the sweden democrats vote against their budget the will have to rule on the opposition 's budget . 
  l\u00f6fven ( the new prime minister ) have already said that he will not rule if that is the case . 
  so , then he will have to leave government . 
  oh , i have statistics to back that up . 
  after ten years , the majority do not work . 
  perhaps , but that is not how people vote . 
   now it was a so-so , response , but still better than the danes or the norwegians or the ... etc. 
  how it is better ? 
  higher crime rate , higher costs , worse integration etc ? 
  are you saying it is good for sweden to have that , all worse than denmark and norway ? 
  how on earth are you reasoning then ? 
  do n't be . 
  we could never handle it . 
  it is better this way . 
  it is just as well that sweden do not have oil . 
  we could never handle it in a million years . 
  we would just become the most anal welfare state ever , far worse than we are now . 
  but the majority are just doing that - taking advantage . 
  the majority !, 
  if it was a minority they would contribute . 
  and not lie . 
  why should we accept people where a majority do not contribute ? 
  so what do you work with , and where do you come from , if you are now contributing ? 
  who is paying ? 
  btw . 
  what is your stance on gay marriage ? 
  are you even trying to raise jihadists eastern europe ? 
  we can teach you a thing or two . 
  or maybe not ... 
  haha , you are never ever going to convince me that you * planned * to loose to us in 1814 . 
  did you have a long term plan on loosing sk\u00e5ne too ? 
   then the other parties would be seriously discussing changes to immigration , such as alliansen focusing on better language classes , cultural integration and ways to make sure the immigrants fit well with the culture , the left would be very actively working on some jobs-for-immigrants programs , etc. 
  i do not think so . 
  the problems have been there since the 90 's at least , and sd only got into the riksdag in 2010 . 
  if they were discussing it before , and trying to solve it , why do we have the 2nd worst integration ( and have been having for a while ) in europe for example ? 
  why are they so afraid to discuss crime ? 
  welfare ? 
   i think if they are able to form a strong government with the green and the centre right parties they have said no , today even . 
  but the majority do not contribute positively , not in sweden at least , not from those countries . 
  we do not have a net gain , like we have from maybe dutch people , or japanese or canadians . 
  and there is a huge over representation of crime , living on welfare , not to mention lying to authorithies about the age , where they have been in europe and where they are from . 
  where are you from if you took that trip btw ? 
  gave them up ? 
  we won them in 1814 !, 
   do you think sd might be part of the reason why the other parties are not addressing any immigration/integration concerns ? 
  i actually get the impression that the other parties would be talking about it more , and doing something more to improve integration , if sd did not exist . 
  but with sd being out there with a horrible reputation , other parties just end up ignoring the issue . 
  at least that is the impression i got , in part . 
  yes , * maybe * , a bit , but i am not sure . 
  i mean , the reason that the sd are growing so fast is that there is this void to fill . 
  and , the other parties have had decades to address it , but decided not to . 
  ** and that my friends , is how we discuss immigration in sweden !, 
  i was called a racist for asking for solutions to issues that statistically concerns at least 50 % of the voters and told to fuck off . 
  this is why sweden democrats are gaining votes by the hour ** . 
  thank you for illustrating it so perfect !, 
  i understand what you are saying and you have a point . 
   so perhaps , the swedish politicians are n't as clueless as you suggest - maybe they 've just learnt from the rest of europe 's mistakes , and are willing to agree that 10-15 % of their voter base are idiots , and moved on . 
  but , if they were n't clueless , they would start to address the problems with integration and immigration . 
  i do not mean take over the sweden democrats politics , but just start to admit that there are problems . 
  and that one needs to discuss them , and try to solve them . 
  and - they are not doing that .
