  i am at least going to wait until they send me the letter ... 
  do you have to pay for computers too ? 
  how much ? 
  shit . 
  i do n't have a tv but a computer . 
  now i will have to pay . 
  if it is about long term democracy - why ca n't we vote about a new constitutions . 
  frankly , what you are saying goes against the maastricht constitution . 
  do you think we should be ruled by how some people feel , or by the law ? 
  if you say by the law you should no that bailouts and permanent transfers are against it , yet you suggest it . 
  furthermore , how is it democratic to break the treaty , every day ? 
   as europe , we have two options : kick them out or take them on board and help them to get up to our level . 
  well , i am all for that as soon as we have a vote about it , and people get their say . 
  i might not want it , but perhaps we can have two eu 's then . 
  as it is now , we are going against the maastricht treaty . 
  do you think we should ignore it ? 
  furthermore , if yes , how should we rule the eu if not by the rule of law and by democratic vote . 
  until we vote about it , we follow the law . 
  do n't you think ? 
   too bad they did n't ask you how to do it properly . 
  hmm , it is not me , it just a myriad of economists . 
  read up about optimal currency unions/areas etc. 
   that would have hurt the euro just as bad . 
  no , it would not . 
  it would have been one fall , and a demonstration as well . 
  the german tax payers could have saved their banks , the french theirs . 
  now - do you know how much and for how many years one have to support the greeks ? 
  furthermore , it would have opened the eyes of many of just what a badly constructed currency the euro is . 
   the euro is a serious currency , not a `` drachme '' or `` lira '' . 
  it is extremely badly constructed currency , and it ought to be re-done , or just consists of a few , comparatively equal countries . 
  but , this is an option ? 
  when ddr entered a union with brd they had financial and political integration , they had another country making sure they had banks , schools , hospital , social services and they had * huge * investements . 
  in fact they still have investments made and have received transfers over a trillion to date . 
  greece has nothing of that , but is expected to become functioning anyway . 
  add to that a corrupt economy and society . 
  ddr is still lagging behind , more than 20 years after the reunification . 
  how long do you think it will take greece to be up and running ? 
  yes , i think it would have been better to quit , take the fall , and then rebuild . 
  oh , i thought she was born there , but now after a bit of googling i see that she was born in macedonia . 
  of albanian decent though :-) . 
  i have to give him this , he is far more entertaining than swedish politicians . 
   and then they have euro debts no , they would have been bankrupt . 
  one of the few good things with bankruptcy is that you just do n't have to pay ... ruins your credit of course , but at least you do not have debts . 
   there was no `` option to leave the euro '' . 
  the euro is not a game you can just randomly stop playing . 
  why not ? 
   do we need to check the definition of depression ? 
  those countries did n't have a long therm downturn . 
  they were always down . 
  sustained downturn in economics - i 'd say a lot of the african countries have had that . 
  and , for always being down , at least one of the reasons that they are down , is that they have been * kept * down , as colonies . 
  so , that makes it even worse for them . 
  for example , read `` king leopold 's ghost '' about the treatement of the kongolese . 
  it will make your stomach turn , it was genocide . 
  and , frankly , the fact is that those countries are in much more need of help than greece , and they have certainly done less to be in the position they are in . 
  and , to top that off , they have been harsher treated by the imf , than greece . 
  so , why should greece receive special treatment ( which they have , and you might know that the african countries have complained about it , link [ here ] ( http://www.iol.co.za/news/africa/swazi-king-complains-about-imf-1.1137778#.ucg9j9iddni ) for example , i have more ) , which they have ? 
  they have received better deals , and even an excuse - not bad actually . 
   did greece solve their long term issues that is not an answer to the question i asked . 
  you said they would have been better off without the bailout . 
  i asked , that since the greeks , according to polls , preferred to have stayed in the euro - * how would that have been accomplished without the bailout * . 
  please answer that . 
   but most of the issues are still here . 
  so , why have n't the greeks fixed them ? 
  it is not up to other countries to fix the greek corruption for example - only the greeks can fix that . 
  instead , ask the greeks why they still suck at paying taxes for example . 
  no one can fix this but the greeks . 
  and , as for firing civil servants - why did they have a ineffective public sector to begin with ? 
   no , i think that the loss of competitiviness is due to other decissions made by our governments to favour the local fat cats and their short term interests . 
  i am sorry , but while greece and spain might have a corrupt economy it is also the fault of the euro , there is no way around it , and it is economics 101 . 
  you see , no currency is perfect , what one in economics terms call optimal currency area , but they are `` good enough '' areas , like the usd or the gbp for example ( fun fact , a swedish minister once jokular said that northern sweden should have their own currency , since their demands are different ) . 
  there are lot of things that have to be in place for an * decent * currency area to function , but a few things are these : * similar , but not exakt economies , but on somewhat similar competitive level , like germany/finland/the netherlands * common bank system/financial integration * permanent transfer to poorer and less effective areas * political integration . 
  there is more , but these are a few of the most important.you can , if you want to look all of this up of course . 
  furthermore - a recent example is ddr/brd , where for example the economies were not competitive ( ddr was n't exactly exporting a lot on the free market ) but then the other systems kicket in - brd helped ddr so they had functioning schools , social systems , banks , enormous investments etc , until ddr could stand on it own two feet . 
  it actually does n't yet , over the years there has been more than a trillion euros in transfers , but it is getting there . 
  however , none of that is in place in the eurozone . 
  when the greek economy does n't work due to the euro ( + they had a combination of low interest rates that made them go crazy ) they do n't have the huge permanent transfers to keep them going , the banks were saved in a bad manner quite unwillingly and politically it is a disaster . 
  the greeks are in a sense doing what they can , trying to improve their internal competitiveness with lower wages , since that is one of the few means at their disposal ( it is hard to become competitive quick without lowering the currency rate ) . 
  however , the lack of investment and the fact that they have to pay for food etc in euros is of course taking its toll . 
  however , none of this have anything to do with the saves - it is frankly econmics 101 ( please , google optimal currency area , eurozone etc , and you will read about it ) . 
  also , since it has nothing to do with it , but the underlying factor is the construction of the euro and the greek economy , it ca n't be * fixed * by the saves . 
  the fixing needs to be deeper . 
  also , what i am saying is in no way controversial , economists knows this . 
   i am spaniard , and this is n't the first time that spain has over 20 % of unemployment . 
  we had that before the euro . 
  but , you did have your own currency then did n't you ? 
  and , what was your interest rate ? 
  rather different scenarion now , is n't it ? 
  how do you quickly increase your competitiveness without controlling the currency and interest ? 
   and is it more capable now ? 
  marginally perhaps , do n't know . 
  however , as i have explained , this has nothing to do with the bailout . 
  to increase the greek economy competitiveness there needs to be a ) huge investements for a long time a la ddr b ) a different euro ( and a whole new discussion ) c ) a change in the way the greeks society works . 
  however , the change needs to come from the euro and from the greeks - not from the troijka actually . 
   they are supposed to pay part of the loans . 
  they have already received one debt reduction , there will be more . 
  there is no way they can pay their debt . 
   i said capitalist depression , that was another thing . 
  ;-) true . 
  ok , so no jail for him just yet .
