  but you are . 
  and you will corrupt the eu . 
  figure out a way to fight your corruption , then join . 
  serbia is hardly one of the countries where it is hardest to hide - then the corruption would n't be as big . 
  i 'd say it is harder to hide it in sweden and finland for example , where all records are public . 
  and , if it is so hard to hide - why is serbia still corrupt ? 
  and , it still does n't matter . 
  the eu has no way to deal with corruption ( as proven with italy and greece for example ) and i do not think that serbia should be able to join until they have started to deal with it themselves . 
  and , i do not want the eu to become more corrupt than it already are . 
  serbia will `` corrupt it down '' . 
  i am sorry to say that laws does n't help . 
  if so , italy would be corruption free since they have some of the strictest laws on the book . 
  but , as we both know , that is not the case . 
  and of course there is worrying for eu funds and other money because if serbia joins , they will have as much access as anyone else . 
  if a country is corrupt and the eu is proven incompetent to handle it , well then my tax money will go to waste . 
  and , furthermore - it is not like a corrupt country , lets take italy for example elects corrupt fucks as berlusconi over and over again and then sends innocent honest people to the eu . 
  no , of course not . 
  they send corrupt people who then decide over my money , my laws . 
  they corrupt the eu and they influence me . 
  of course it will be the same with serbia . 
  i simply think that serbia should reach a level of non corruption before they join . 
  it is proven that a membership does n't lessen the corruption in a country , if so , greece and italy would be less corrupt that sweden and finland . 
  nor does the eu has any working way to deal with it . 
  and , adding corrupt country after corrupt country corrupts the eu . 
  i do not want that . 
  so , first serbia has to become less corrupt , then join . 
  honestly if you are as educated as you say that one has access to and post scientific articles . 
  that is how you win - facts . 
  not blabbering about your education . 
  if you were educated you would know that . 
  i am a scientist and i am easily convinced - just give me the scientific evidence that for example eu membership lessens corruption and that the structural finds work . 
  but the fact that you have n't done it speaks volume . 
  you have no proofs . 
  so , no evidence ? 
  yes , i know , and i am extremely glad we are not trying that one again , i think it is a stupid tax . 
  but one ca n't force other people/countries to learn from your own lessons . 
  i mean , i think it will harm the countries that implement it , but they are well aware of the risks , so it is up to them . 
  people in those countries at this board seem to be fond of it too , so i guess they are implementing a tax that the people want . 
  since no one is forced to participate it is really a win/win situation . 
  they get their tax , we get to stay outside . 
  i think the ftt is something as rare as a win-win situation , and that in itself is brilliant . 
  not that i believe in it but it is not my place to stop it . 
  each country has a right to their own taxation obviously and certainly the right to implement ftt . 
  if it works - good for them . 
  if it does n't - well , now they have tried it just like sweden did at least . 
  i think this situation is really good . 
  i did get your point . 
  hurling insults and being aggressive to hide the fact that you have no proof that eu lessens corruption or that the structural funds do not work . 
  i mean - if you would have had any evidence you would have posted them . 
  but since you have non , you are just being an ass instead . 
  so , no evidence and no proofs . 
  just profanities . 
  i guess that is all you have . 
  i am not a right wing populist . 
  i am not going to vote for them myself in the september/riksdags elections . 
  maybe in the may/eu elections but that 's is only because if you are someone in sweden who is against more eu , you only have two parties , v/the old communists and sd . 
  if you could find a third party to vote for who had any chance of getting in the ep nobody would happier than me . 
  i do n't like either party but it is the only way to make my voice heard . 
  and sd has steadily been climbing in the opinion polls since entering riksdagen in 2010 , so that they not only will stay but increase is practically a given . 
  are you saying the polls are wrong ? 
  of course they will not be bigger than moderaterna and socialdemokraterna but they could very well be the third biggest party perhaps in competition with the green party . 
  and for those who like sd it is very good of course , four years ago they were not even in riksdagen . 
  so , i do n't think their optimism is misplaced . 
  then if you like them or not is a whole different issue . 
  you honestly that the current media debating climate in sweden is healthy ? 
  and all debates are fact based , rational and all gets treated equal ? 
  and it has nothing to do with negerbollar - where did i wrote that ? 
  nor does it only have to do with immigration , but i guess you are one of those who thinks the most important debate in 2014 if hen should be adopted in official documents . 
  idiot . 
  how many percent of the journalists should belong to mp according to you ? 
  so you are saying just because ukraine is more corrupt than serbia - we should accept serbia ? 
  that is not even an argument . 
  and , i 'd like you to prove that the eu do not get more corrupt by accepting corrupt countries . 
  are you saying that corrupt countries send snow white politicians to brussels ? 
  furthermore , if the eu had a functional working strategy against corruption , should n't then italy and greece be almost completely clean - they have been in the eu forever . 
  the fact that they are not , proves that the eu has no working strategy against corruption . 
  not can you prove that countries like for example bulgaria has become less corrupt . 
  so - how are you going to fix the massive corruption ? 
  do n't you think the eu should have a working strategy before adding yet another corrupt country ? 
  please , explain that strategy against in detail , preferably with scientific links that proves that it works . 
  and the fact that the structural funds does n't work is not rubbish . 
  if they do - prove it . 
  prove that greece that has been on the receiving end since 1981 and spain and portugal since 1986 are paying towards the eu . 
  i mean - if they worked they should be contributing by now , should n't they ? 
  otherwise - where have our money gone to ? 
  we have given them money since forever - they should be bet payer by now . 
  my guess is that you will not answer because you have no proof . 
  you have no strategy against corruption and no proof that the structural funds work . 
  you are just one of those pro eu persons who lack critical thinking and defend the eu no matter what . 
  but please - there is a lot of data out there . 
  if eu 's strategies work you should easily able to prove it . 
  then do it , or are you just full if shit . 
  it is really a brilliant show . 
  yes i know , you are so much better than us at that . 
  we are idiots . 
  one is beginning to see some ripples though in the glacier thick layer that is the political correct sweden . 
  a bit of melting perhaps . 
  i also think sd will win a lot of votes in may and september , and that should help melt the glacier . 
  no , i do n't think you are right there . 
  this sounds like something straight out of the mouth of kitimbwa sabuni .
