   i 'm telling you to warm up them for our society so they 're more likely to integrate instead of pushing them away immediately because of their belief . 
  but whatever , do what you want . 
  keep pushing em away , let em segregate . 
  then start complaining about how they do n't want to integrate in a society where they are constantly being viewed as alien , threatening and being ridiculed . 
  atleast you 'll have your freedom of speech . 
  you do n't even know where the terrorism are * from * , nor their background or motivation , yet you have the solution ? 
  how does that work ? 
  you do n't even know who they are , you can not have a solution . 
  you do n't know what in god 's name your talking about . 
  so , no , i will not listen to someone who argues for something he has no clue about . 
  you see yourself as some sort of white knight for poor , but have failed to realised that terrorists are neither poor , nor badly integrated . 
  they have a choice , and they choose terrorism . 
  they are not pushed into it , they just want to be terrorists . 
  you clearly do not know a lot about terrorism , unfortunately , and it shows in your arguments . 
  here is a link where you can start to dispel the myths that you have fallen for . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.gwern.net/terrorism%20is%20not%20about%20terror ) and , next time you argue with me about how poor the terrorists are etc , i want proper academic links , which probably means that i will not get an answer for you since you were completely wrong . 
  well yes , and as i stated i do not mind top 20 . 
  it just does n't have to be top 5 , or even top 10 . 
  well , i am not sure of that . 
  would you say that france is now far more solidare ( is that a word ? ), 
  than two years ago ? 
  or that the danes are thinking so much more of other people than the norwegians , or the finns ? 
  yes , we have a high tax system , but having the highest does n't mean that you are the one who shows most solidarity , the most compassionate or the best manages systems . 
  if the taxes are to high that can mean that the system is mismanaged . 
  yes , down to number 3 !, 
  one of the things you really do n't want to be best at in the world . 
  personally i do n't even have to be in the top 5 , or even top 10 . 
  a spot in number 13 or so will do just fine . 
  the is a quite decent movie about crazy bird watchers in the us , `` the big year '' . 
  steve martin is in it among others . 
  but i 'd say bird watchers are a bit crazy everywhere . 
  i am very fond of bird watchers . 
  they are also very good of protecting the environment . 
  they come armed with knowledge and statistics and are not afraid to take you to court . 
  and in the process they do not only save birds but other species too . 
  so , more bird watchers . 
  it has substance , he explains it very eloquently elsewhere . 
  and yes , you can , which he also has include socioeconomic variables , he explains it elsewhere . 
  in fact , it is a huge problem for the islamic world that they have so little and so bad science . 
  i am on my phone but i recommend you to read the article `` why the arab world turned away from science '' which highlights exactly why * religion * is a problem , not socioeconomic factors . 
  or , at least not to that degree . 
  so , the fact that you try to include socioeconomic factors that does not exist ( or at least not to the degree that shows among published scientific articles which is a really good measurements or among nobel prize winners ) band compare it with * physical * factors , well that is not very scientific, 
  ok , if i have you confused with someone else i apologise . 
  i am on my phone . 
  i have to go now , new years . 
  happy new scientific year . 
  both were killed for their attacks on islam , one was a muslim one was just killing forteyun because he was stirring up trouble with islam so obviously he had to go . 
  i think the guy who killed pf was a leftist but maybe a dutch person can correct me . 
  the reason however was his attacks on islam . 
  do you defend those murders ? 
  seriously ? 
  now you are singling out me and dawkins . 
  why do n't go for hitchens and carl sagan as well ( not that in any way deserves to be compared with those giants ) . 
  you are rude , and ignorant . 
  you take one tweet and criticises it , without having any background and context . 
  and then you claim `` i do n't think anybody think it is racism '' . 
  a lot of people did you idiot , that is why stephen fry of all people had to write a column , for gods sake . 
  why did he have to do that if * no one objected till the tweet as you claim ( or only a few idiots * . 
  so , stop making stuff up . 
  a lot of people claimed that the tweet was * racist * . 
  not a few , a lot . 
  not all of them idiots . 
  so if you claim that just a few or `` i do n't think anybody 's debating '' which were your exact words , then you are wrong . 
  wrong . 
  why did you claim that then ? 
  and the fact that i have to point that out to people like you and point out the context in which dawkins tweet means that he needs to do it a lot more . 
  ok , maybe i will actually :-) . 
  a lot of people are debating whether it was acceptable and racist . 
  why do you think stephen fry had to go out and explain that he was not a racist ? 
  so you are wrong . 
  and even the fact that it other atheist and richard dawkins had to go out and explain that atheism is n't a religion/racist/anything but not believing in something proves that is is needed . 
  so , you are wrong when you say `` i do n't think anyone 's debating it is not acceptable '' . 
  a lot of people were , and that is why it is needed . 
  why do you claim that when it is not true ? 
  that belief is false and then your theory do not stand . 
  and frankly , no money in the world makes up for all the death threats he has to take and the idiots he has to speak to . 
  is it good ? 
  i have never come around to watching it but maybe i should tomorrow , being probably a tad hungover though . 
  then you know nothing about dawkins or about tweets . 
  a tweet is short , something like 140 characters i believe and is not supposed to be a scientific essay . 
  are you saying that scientists are not allowed to tweet ? 
  however , in his work , in his debates and everything he does , richard dawkins explains why he is against all religions . 
  so anyone who knows anything about the current debate about atheism knows he has a lot to back it up with . 
  and , that he attacks all religions in an intelligent and eloquent way . 
  and again , explain how it makes him a ) a racist b ) why he deserves to be attacked for that tweet from all sides c ) why people like fry and gervais have to explain themselves . 
  i have heard that , but have n't really understood it . 
  what is hate speech for the british law ? 
  btw , i think i am for even hate speech to be allowed , because where does one draw the line . 
  he has . 
  then he gets banned or get to many downvotes so he changes his name . 
  well , honestly , you do not seem to know what a proper currency union is . 
  read up upon it and come back . 
  i am on my phone but google it . 
  the euro is a disastrous currency , and it is not controversial to say that . 
  then you seem to have some sort of 19th century attitude towards economy and finances because you go on about size . 
  look at canada australia japan and singapore for gods sake . 
  does land size matter ? 
  i mean , what does the landmass and eu integration has to do with the state if the ez ? 
  in detail please ? 
  and start to learn the difference between the eu and the eurozone .
