  why do n't you make them fire the inefficient ones ? 
  why have n't you fixed it before ? 
   who gives a shit what rosanna dimarco thinks . 
  a lot of people actually . 
  i think she wants to remove the special classes in math and all grades for example . 
   what works works , imagine a world , when your opinion is not the only thing that matter , and people * might * not agree with you 100 % . 
  then we need to look at what we can * evaluate * . 
  but , since you are such an super expert , are we all going to listen to you , unknown internet voice , and fix the school , exactly as you want . 
  i can tell you one thing , you need to have sharper arguments , because you have n't exactly won me over with the super detailed `` what works works '' ( i agree with you , and i can also add , what does n't work , does n't work , btw ) . 
  incidentally , i happen to believe there are things that needs to be fixed as well in school . 
  i however , prefer a clear and scientific approach - see perhaps what works in finland and try to apply it here , higher salaries etc. 
  i guess that is far to scientific for you , but i have a feeling the voters would listen more to me than to a guy who apparently hates science , evaluations and claims `` what works , works '' . 
   i have no friends and i have nothing to do . 
  that made me sad . 
  try to match it with a reddit meetup , perhaps you can meet people . 
  the portuguese are good at english . 
   in my opinion so we should remake the school * not * according to scientific evaluation of what works , but according to what you and rosanna dimarco thinks . 
  not science based , just opinions of one leftist and her friends . 
  i 'd rather take a scientific school with scientific evaluations over that every single day of my life . 
  probably because of several reasons . 
  in the 70 's , sweden was ( at least according to my mother :-) ) very `` hippie like '' when it came to school , one should learn becaue it was fun , no grades ( which the left and the green party who are speaking in the article btw still want to remove - we should all just learn out of joy or something ) and it was `` unfair '' towards those who knew less etc. 
  sounds idiotic , and it probably was . 
  anyway , it was all state schools then btw . 
  sweden has this very socialistic ideal , that still a lot of people like , and it can be good in some way , but a hindrance in another . 
  for example , it was only maybe 10 years ago when sweden got their specialized math schools , for very gifted math students . 
  the left ( old communists ) the social democrats and the greens have always been against it , since they call it `` elite schools '' , and we do not want that , according to them . 
  to me it is madness , i do not understand why students are n't allowed to be good in math and receive special education in that , but then again , i am not a communist or a superleftie . 
  you must also remember we had decades of social democrats , so when the moderaterna governed in 1991-1994 they tried to privatise it so it would be more `` competitive '' . 
  social democrats ( the right in that party ) agreed a bit and left it , but did n't really implement any changes as far as i know ( nor do i really know how good/hasty ) the idea was from the beginning . 
  after that it seeems it has run a bit wild . 
  to many options , that we brilliantly have combined with a crappy teachers education which has also lead to a fall in people wanting to be teachers , not enough high enough salaries etc. 
  so , it can be fixed , i guess it would take 20 years or so , to really get up there , but of course it can be done . 
  do n't really think the problem is private schools though , it is a combination of things . 
  tl : dr. due to historical reason we had a crappier school to begin with . 
  i wish ... 
  they have always outperfomed us , and they outperform other countries too , that do not have private schools as well , so i do n't think it has to do with that . 
  i think it has to do with the status of the school , the teachers , the curriculum , probably a lot of things . 
  portuguese people - is there a particular reason for this ? 
  also , will there be new elections then ? 
  so , because you would have chosen differently , we do not need scientific evaluation , just the word of rosanna dimarco ? 
  give me one single reason why it should not be scientifically evaluated ? 
  not the finns ... ... 
  am i the only one who the french always have been very nice to in paris ? 
  not rude at all . 
  maybe not like the americans who walks up to you and ask if they can help if they suspect you are a tourist , but polite and helpful . 
  as i told you before , you are a person who want to discriminate swedes , and most certainly ignores little stuff , like facts ( seriously , who defends tobacco subsidies , and who on earth defends subsidies of alcohol , with the argument `` a glass of red wine might be good for you '' , ignoring all the horrible stuff that comes with it ) . 
  i will not answer you again , go away . 
  learned it yesterday in a discussion with angryspaniard about the use of eu money , cap etc. 
  [ link ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1hdqhj/how_far_will_the_european_union_expand_in_the/catva7q ) . 
  learned it in a discussion with angryspaniard on how the eu uses funds , the cap etc. 
  [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1hdqhj/how_far_will_the_european_union_expand_in_the/catva7q ) is the link . 
  is there a study who proves this or are we referring to the people in the article , leftists who were against it from the start ? 
  with the greek economy i meant a lot of things , like the low production ( they work hard , produce little in comparison to countries like finland for example ) , the corruption , the unwillingness to pay taxes , the tourist industry , the unwillingness to invest due to corruption etc , well , the whole economy . 
  i did n't exclude that , but the greek economy is not solely corrupt lazy bastards if you thought so . 
  do n't forget the bull fighting , i learned yesterday that we subsidise that too with the cap . 
  so they rather pay for lazy people than not ? 
  i find that weird . 
  sweden 's public sector probably need a bit of reform , but it is working and we are paying for it ourselves , so nobody cares but us . 
  very good initiative . 
  thank you . 
  but the public sector is inefficient . 
  if it were efficient , the tax collection for example would work for example . 
  or , if you had an efficient public sector , greece would be far , far less corrupt . 
  why do you want to pay people who are inefficient and corrupt . 
  one wants to get rid of those people . 
  the fault lies both with the euro and the greek economy . 
  i 'd say it is very rare to have one single cause when one is as deep in a recession as greece is . 
   where are the most populated rural areas of europe ? 
  what country has the biggest farming sector of europe ? 
  it is called rural * development * not rural * support * . 
  if it has n't developed in 40 + years , and they are still top receivers , then it is something wrong . 
  then it is not developing . 
  also , it depends on how you count , if you count the swedish way , we would get way more ( frankly , have you been north in sweden ? 
  the size of western germany with two million people ) . 
  we need rural development far more than someone who can actually drive a few miles to a city/hospital , whatever . 
  however , of course it is tailored after france 's needs - why , btw ? 
   i forgot to say that the spanish government is giving also founds to the bull fighting , gee , tobacco , wine , now bull fighting . 
  just when i thought i could n't dislike the cap more . 
  i am not against supporting agriculture , but it is being supported to ridiculous amounts . 
  what more , on a more general level the eu does n't seem to evauate what works , what does n't and change it , accordingly . 
  nor do they seem to have any strategy , or goals , as in `` portugal will be net payer in 20xx , the french rural area will stop receiving in 20xx etc , it is like they just throw money after whomever cries the loudest . 
  in the end the biggest loosers from that attitude and that ( lack of ) strategy and refusal to evaluate are us , the tax payers . 
  what is vengeance ? 
  is it perhaps that people seek vengeance on britain for iraq or something ? 
   rural france is more developed than never , but it 's less developed than urban france still well , that goes for every single country in the world , and most certainly the eu . 
  and , if you want to see rural , try northern sweden and finland . 
  money should be thrown at those places , if the only demand is rural . 
  hardly an explanation for why france still is one of the biggest receivers . 
   never , how would that happen ? 
  have you seen our economy ? 
  our demographic figures ? 
  our rampant corruption ? 
  how stupid are our budget priorities ? 
   edit : bonus projects : ghost airports , highways to nowhere , museum cities , formula one circuits , calatrava buildings , theme parks ... `` ser\u00e0 per diners '' so , * if * the eu were smart , they would evaluate the money that spain has been given and see what went wrong and not giving out more money to similar projects in other countries , or in spain . 
  furthermore , they should set a new strategy for spain , time frame etc however , since it is eu i guess we are not spending money on building a highway in romania , `` rural development '' in france and god knows what in spain and portugal . 
  we are not allowed to extradite him if he risks the death penalty though , which he does . 
  why ? 
  the budget is being cut from 44 % to 38 , hopefully it will be more the next time . 
  it would be a smart thing to adjust to that , prepare for it instead of claiming that france should get special treatment . 
  why should you ?
