  i guess that is what i should expect from someone who thinks spain has the right to overfish , brake the law and just generally ruin for the rest of the world with your overfishing . 
  and , you will never explain , you just say that . 
  the thing is , there is not solution , which both you and i know . 
  but you do not care about that , instead of looking at what * is * happening at the moment you claim as long as there is greed and corruption in the world , you * never ever * have to explain , anything . 
  that is such a cowardly way out , one can never erdicate that . 
  you can always point to one person and say `` look - he is greedy , i can not answer '' . 
  but , what one could do , is look at what * is * happening in the world right now , which is massive pollution and climate change and fight it with the best available technology. , you however do not want that , you want to keep polluting . 
  i guess with your attitude towards over fishing i should expect no less . 
  you do not give a shit , about climate or environment , you just want spain to have the right to fuck up for everyone , like with overfishing . 
   the risks are lower in the other path . 
  no , and if you are going to make that statement i want scientific proof for that . 
  i challenge you with this report , that speaks against you . 
  please , tell me in detail what is wrong with the latest ipcc report about climate change ( i have n't even started about the rest of the pollution ) and give me just as credible report that basically proves , like the ipcc report proves that climate change is happening that what you say is going to happen will happen . 
  please , show me that report . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.ipcc.ch/ ) no , you will not , it does n't exist . 
  you jut do not have any answers are far to much of a coward to admit it . 
  rather that dealing with the current reapity you make up threats . 
  we are the first country with a plan , but please i am waiting to hear what you are going to do with the co2 emissions you prefer before nuclear . 
  i 'd like to hear your plan for that and for climate change . 
  that is happening now , do before you criticise something quality far , far less emissions i 'd like to hear your plan - in great detail please . 
  how are you going to fix climate change ? 
  capture co2 ? 
  go on , you prefer that to nuclear so you have to have a bloody good plan then . 
  yes , we are just waiting for the last ok . have plan , is ok ` ed by the international whatever the agency is called . 
  i think we start around 2020 . 
  can you tell me how dk and germany are going to capture the pollution is letting out and the co2 emissions . 
  you have no plan for that do you ? 
  it seems to me sweden with its nuclear is far ahead of germany and denmark . 
  and that is because the germans and danes chose it . 
  why ? 
  but right now germany is moving away from nuclear , so unless imported ( which would be beyond hypocritical and please do not be like the danes who do that ) at least germany 's mix will be no nuclear . 
  and , because of that germany chooses co2 emission , pollution and climate change above the safe technology that is nuclear . 
  but for other countries maybe you are right , but unfortunately germany and denmark seems determined to stick to co2 emissions . 
  not true , and both you and i know it . 
  you are  this whole thing started because i said i do n't like pride parades . 
  not because they are gay , but because they are to flashy for me . 
  liar , you did n't like gays . 
  but , do you know , i 'll dig up your old post - * just for you * so i can prove not just on r/sweden , but also on / r/europe that you are a liar . 
  is n't it bad that you can not delete my posts ? 
   while i 'm no big fan of fracking , gas is currently our best bet . 
  it is waaaaay cleaner than coal or oil . 
  no , nuclear is , but germany and denmark refuse to accept that . 
  i think a lot of germans suffer with you . 
  jokes about sweden/dk aside denmark 's and germany 's energy politics actually pisses me off . 
  you guys ( not you personally ) have all the recourses to fix most of the co2 emissions , if not all , but refuse to . 
  that makes me far not annoyed than at struggling countries that do not have a chance . 
   and danish education does not at any point say that coal is better than nuclear . 
  how and why should i be the one to educate people about nuclear ? 
  and i think generally people do n't feel the need for nuclear and i have never heard about all of the swedish people that suffer the consequences of this ? 
  so , why have n't the danes in 40 years grasped the fact that coal lets outr for more co2 than nuclear if your education is so good ? 
  and if your education , like you are saying , have taught the danes that you do n't think it is * necessary * to fix the co2 emissions , then it is a shitty bad education . 
  i mean , we are in the worlds first , biggest and ** catastrophic * humanly engineered climate change with a new mass death of animals , no idea of how many degrees the climate will change but the danes do n't even feel a basic need to fight that and to educate people ? 
  that is what you are saying . 
  please , explain why you are so special , so unique that you can just have the right to ignore technology , far , far safer than coal and just keep on ruining the climate - for decades . 
  i am so waiting for that explanation - because that is what denmark is doing . 
  so , i guess that is what you are tought . 
   i agree that danes are generally uneducated about nuclear , but even though they were i still think there would be a lot of people that would be very unhappy about it . 
  so , now they are uneducated . 
  well , that is a choice then by the government i guess . 
  honestly , not my problem . 
  educate them or overrule them . 
  a lot of people are unhappy about gay marriages and interracial marriages . 
  we , just as denmark in those cases and as educated and civilised people everywhere , do n't give a toss about those idiots , and do the right thing anyway . 
  and , you have had 50 years to educate people . 
  so , ignore them and build . 
   that is impossible for denmark to have so would have to rely on other things true , like france , or japan , or , uk etc - one build nuclear plants . 
  like most countries in the world , i think it very few that have hydro power like we have . 
  but , had we thought like the danes we would have been half hydro , half coal ... . . that would have been enormously stupid , would n't it ? 
  so , why is n't it stupid when denmark does it ? 
  why ? 
   where are your sources exactly that says that the danish coal consumption apparently kills millions of people ? 
  coal maybe kills millions in the world every year but that is not in denmark or in sweden , i would guess it could almost entirely be china , our coal power plants are far more sophisticated and environmentally friendly than those in china . 
  i never said in denmark , but denmark contributes . 
  just like i never said 17 000 / year in sweden , of course not . 
  but , i also said that the easy coal deaths , not the astma and * i did n't even talk about denmarks co2 emissions that the danes willingly spew out in the athmosphere to ruin the climate * . 
   i have never heard about all of the swedish people that suffer the consequences of this ? 
  not just swedes . 
  are you saying you and the rest of denmark do not know about environmental pollution and coal ? 
  and are you saying that danes do not know that * willingly choosing co2 emissions over non co2 emissions is bad * ? 
  then you are uneducated as fuck , and frankly , i think the danes know about pollution and climate change . 
  it is really one of two things . 
  either the danes are dumb as rocks and have no clue about co2 emissions , pollution - nothing . 
  or they know , but willingly choose co2 because they do n't really give a single fuck about the environement . 
  which one is it ? 
  personally i do n't think most of you are dumb as fuck , i just do n't think you give a single care about how you affect the world , the climate , the air . 
  if danes are still against -  it seems like you have a hatred towards danes and denmark . 
  haha , no , i have danish family . 
  but against your energy politics . 
  and danes who do not have the facts , which among other is you . 
  it feels like danes just ignore the fact that they decade after decade pew out emissions , refuse to face the facts ( wind power will never , ever cover your needs ) . 
   sweden has put the danish people at higher risk with the barseb\u00e4ck nuclear power plant , with it being 20 km away from copenhagen . 
  so , stop buying from us . 
  i think that is a grand idea . 
  you do not want nuclear - do n't buy from us . 
  the hydro is up north , you are not getting it . 
  it is rathe hypocritical is n't it not wanting nuclear by you , but not minding buying it from others . 
  swedes can die from nuclear , and danes have a right to spew out co2 and ruin the climate according to the danes , because that is the danish policy . 
  i look at what you do , not say . 
  and , if we stopped cooperating about electricity , i 'd laugh myself into next week . 
  our needs are covered - always .
