  yes , i can imagine that real discussions about real issues is to difficult for you . 
  words like internal devaluation and real interest rate must be hard . 
  above all , arguing with real fact was never your strong suit , was it ? 
  why do n't you run over to r/funny , there are mostly pictures there , and i am sure that you might understand some of them if you try . 
  you do n't see the problems with sharing a currency with germany ? 
  i do , a lot . 
  not because the germans are evil , but it is their economy who is the biggest , and the ecb looks at germany when the interest rate is being decided . 
  of course that is not a problem , if your economy is in tune with germany 's but otherwise . 
  i think there can be a great value for a country to control their own interest rate , particularely in such an imperfect currency union as the euro . 
  ca n't you see that ? 
  for example , the low interest rate in the beginning of the euro was n't exactly ideal for the countries now deepest in the crises , and that is an understatement . 
  also , what i would be even more alarmed about is the internal devaluation , that greece/spain etc have suffered from . 
  if you look at the numbers between 1999-2008 , all the giips countries lost their international competiveness measured against germany ( it is measured in unit labour costs ) with * between 20-30 * . 
  that is a lot !, 
  those unemployment numbers in the giips countries comes from somewhere , and that is one of the explanations . 
  that something similar would happen to me if i was a pole would worry me a great deal . 
   so self-satisfied , i can smell the smugness all the way here . 
  oh , you really , really , like how you debate with facts . 
  personal attacks is always the way to go , if you have nothing else . 
  if you want to critizise sweden , apart from the obligatory abba/eurovision reference , you can always go for how we integrate immigrants . 
  if you want to critisize me - well i am left - handed , maybe you can start the insults from there if you want to be rude ? 
  i am sure someone as good at typing as you can come up with something . 
  oh , and of course - do n't forget godwin 's law !, 
  a i would also like for you to explain to me why what i wrote about the eurozone being a imperfect union is wrong ? 
  are you saying that the euro is perfect ? 
  that having a currency union without financial union is good ? 
  that the mobility is huge ? 
  instead of just mindlessly attacking , i 'd * really , really * like for you to explain to me why the euro is a perfect ( or at least a very , very good union ) and which one of my points were wrong . 
  oh , about greece , i agree with him on that . 
  not because i hate greece ( i think they happen to be stuck between a rock and a hard place ) but because i happen to think they have a better chance of recovery . 
  but , he was apparently wrong . 
  i think he ( and i ) can survive that . 
  if you want everything he has ever said to be right , you will be disappointed could you give me a politician who is ? 
  also , you know that the fact that they are still in the euro , has come at an * enormous * cost to above all the greeks , but also , to other european tax payers , who have now taken over the ( former ) greek debt to private banks and institutions . 
  i ( and mr borg ) happen to think that is wrong , that a lot more should be paid , not by the greeks ( they should get more debt reduction ) but also by the instituions/banks themselves . 
  as little as possible should be transferred to the tax payers . 
  that is not the case , are you aware of that ? 
  do you think the way this has been handled is good ? 
  i 'd also like for you to explain what we are doing wrong , financially . 
  sweden that is . 
  i can say a lot about the eu , later on if you like . 
  yes , and why should we join a banking union ? 
  can you show me the treaty where we signed up for that ? 
  so , now we are stupid because we do n't mindlessly sign up for things at the wink of a hand ? 
  i can tell you * why * there is talk about a banking union now . 
  it is , because just as i said before , the euro is a very imperfect currency union , and they are in deep trouble . 
  i mean , the whole euro have to bee re-done , if one want a currency union , and then i agree , a banking union should be on the agenda , if and when that happens . 
  however , they are not redoing the whole euro now . 
  they are just patching , and not fixing the root of the problem , at all . 
  what more , sweden , treaty or no treaty , have never signed up for covering other countries bank problems - that was not in the treaty , at all . 
  signing up for a banking union , after the ez just have done some of the worst bank saves of all time , coupled with the fact that they have no idea how much that is going to be covered , not having rules in order , not solving , or even voting about the transfers that will have to take place , but above all , not fixing the root of the problem would not only be stupid , it would be idiotic . 
  the banking union is one of those things that will cost the tax payer more money , not the banks , not the institutions . 
  i ca n't understand why you celebrate more costs to tax payers . 
  so , go on hating me and mr borg , but please look into why things are they way they are and realise we have nothing to do with it . 
  i realise it is always nice to blame someone else , but frankly , it is not very helpful if you truly want the eurozone to work better . 
  you seem to be mad , just because we do n't mindlessly tag along , and have an opinion of our own . 
  well , since our economy is doing quite lot better than the average , we , together with finland and estonia are only one of the three countries who are actually doing what * all countries * promised to do under the stability pact ( as in , obligated by treaty you know ) , and when our banks fuck up we make them pay - i 'd might not just ignore mr borg just yet . 
  we might actually be doing a few things right . 
  what have he done wrong , from a financial perspective ? 
  what exactly have he said that you think is financially stupid ? 
  or , , are you saying that sweden is fucking up * the whole eurozone * ? 
  could you please explain how we are doing that ? 
  i 'd say that the nine million of us are not even capable of doing that . 
  please , enlighten me . 
  i am sorry , horrible mistake . 
  my german teachers are crying blood at the moment . 
  * you forgot a few things : * the farmers/hunters telling the people in the city that they do n't understand . 
  * the sami getting the right to shoot a wolf who happens to walk in to sami country . 
  argument about that . 
  * reference to norway/baltic/eu - as in `` they know/don ' t know how to treat wolves there '' or `` they should get involved/stay out of our business '' . 
  * several articles about super idiots who `` ca n't let their children walk alone to school now '' since they spotted a wolf 40 km away , and it might have killed a dachshound who barked at it ... 
  if they are going to sing their protest , i suggest they do it to `` ode an der freude '' . 
  then again , i have a terrible sense of humour . 
  i 'd advice poland to hold off , for a ( long ) while due to the fact that the euro is a very imperfect currency union . 
  it has tons of faults , which in many ways are in part , responsible for the current situation in europe . 
  for example , a few things wrong with the euro is a currency union without being a financial/fiscal union , the lack of mobility and flexibility of both the work force and salaries , a reasonably parallell economy growth , the fact that is it a currency union but not a proper banking union , the lack of democratically decided transfer systems across borders etc. 
  add to that the indadequate , and frankly , sometimes incompetent handling of the crises , and it feels like sometimes they are trying to build up the perfects storm . 
  until some of the kinks/problems have been fixed , i 'd stay out of it for as long as humanly possible . 
  good !, 
  the more that protest against the inequality the better . 
  i think it rather horrid how the eu discriminates countries . 
  good luck . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/17h786/should_the_european_union_continue_as_a_monetary/c85qtgs ) is a comment i wrote and i was describing how a french farmer gets more/cow , raised in the exaxt same way , solely based on the number of * trees * where the cow grazes . 
  as you can understand , the number of trees where you graze have absolutely no impact as long as the cow get grass , roam freely etc. 
  so , it is a arbitrary thing , that has nothing to do with the quality of the life of the cow/the milk they produce or something , but it is also something that is very hard for sweden ( finland too , estonia etc ) to change , since we have * a lot * of trees . 
  we can not change that . 
  i mean that it is discriminating , our cows do n't have a worse life , at least not based on the number of trees . 
  yet , a swedish farmer gets less . 
  why ? 
  here is also a link to another lengthy post i made to another person who also wanted sources , and perhaps a bit more facts , just like you . 
  ignore the beginning , where i discuss the cow/tree stuff again , but then i list thinks that are wrong , with some links . 
  i link to a ( british ) report , that describe how arbitrary the subsidies are . 
  page 13 - 18 , is where they list the negative stuff , with graphs and sources of course , and also proper links . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/17xe1f/frances_hollande_warns_against_endless_austerity/c8af5kv ) . 
  it is an easy read . 
  in there you 'll also find a post to a bbc article , that sort of lists , and explains a bit of the issues . 
  i might also add , that there are other things i find wrong with the cap , apart from the `` geographically inequal distribution '' / discrimination . 
  for example , not to fond of the two pillar system , do not like the fact that 44 % of the eu budget goes to something that is 2-3 % of our population work with , do not like how we treat thirld world farmers , do not like the fact that it raises prices for consumers , do not like the fact how they rich/aristocracy get the most of the payments , although the little guy needs it the more [ here ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/2011/nov/28/utilities-aristocrats-eu-agricultural-policy ) is an article about that in britain , but i know it is the same in sweden , and i am sure in france too . 
  on the top of my head , i think 0,2 % of the landowners got 24 % of the money from the sps ( single payments ) . 
  so , either we fix this , or , which is becoming more and more my suggestion , we remove the cap - all together .
