   you go on to blame all greeks for spending your `` tax '' money . 
  yes . 
  we did , i remember getting my nice check from you for 1,000 euros and i blew it all on hookers !, 
  use your brain . 
  no , i said you have been on the receiving end of other european tax payers money since the 80 's . 
  you have received money from the eu since you joined . 
  we for example , have paid . 
  so , again - what have you to show for the 30 years of structural funds , cap etc. 
  it is a very legitimate question , one you most certainly should be able to answer . 
  do you think it is wrong to want to know why you have n't build up competitive industries , like estonia for example ? 
  so , again , what has happened to the money , you are net receivers ? 
   how am i hateful , racist etc ? 
  i have never said anything racist . 
  if you consider me saying that germany owes reparations racist . 
  then you are an idiot , sorry . 
  you trash the germans every chance you get , for example you have said that they started an economic war , that most of them are subcounsciensly racist , and you said their grandchildren are to blame etc - and that is just from the last days ... really , never ever have i seen you make a reasonable post where you discuss the economics of it , you are just hating and blaming . 
   here was never a vote for greeks to enter the euro currency , it just happened because the greek government was allowed to enter by the eu who were fully aware that greece was not in a suitable position to enter the eu . 
  if you think the germans did not know of the situation you are delusional and have no idea how world banking works . 
  so , why not demand it ? 
  it is the greek democracy that has failed . 
  sweden , denmark demanded it - we got out . 
  so , why did the greeks * choose * politicians that did not want them to vote . 
  furthermore , you do not seem to understand the difference between the eurozone and the eu , which i think says a lot about you . 
  why were the greeks not in a suitable position to enter the eu otherwise also , yes , the eurozone countries should not have let you in - however , that does not answer the question why you cheated and falsified records . 
  honestly - other countries overlooked , but the greeks choose to falsify and cheat . 
  why ddi you do that ? 
  why were you not honest ? 
  why do you elect dishonest politician . 
   you will never see a nazi sterotype of germans in any greek media , even the trashy tabloids . 
  now i know you are a troll . 
  thank you !, 
  [ link ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/blogpost/post/angela-merkel-depicted-as-nazi-in-greece-as-anti-german-sentiment-grows/2012/02/10/giqasbzp4q_blog.html ) [ link ] ( http://sports.yahoo.com/blogs/soccer-dirty-tackle/greek-newspaper-portrays-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-nazi-225825229--sow.html ) . 
  so , thank you for crossing the line , and showing me that you are an idiotic troll . 
  i must say , you are good at keeping it up . 
  i will warn others though , so get a new identity . 
  do n't think i will not call you out on you not answering questions . 
  you blame germany for the austerity package , yet i proved that a * majority * of the greeks wanted to stay in the eurozone . 
  are you saying that the polls are a lie ? 
  why not blame you own people then . 
  also , you are saying that there is a puppe prime minister - yet failing to mention that tsipras lost the elections fair and square . 
  yet you blame the germans . 
  it you want to quit the eu - quit . 
  however , the greeks do not want to , something you pretend to ignore , and keep blaming the germans for . 
  please adress this . 
  why are you blaming the germans for greece being in the eurozone , when a majority of the greeks wants to stay ? 
  why are you pretending there was no free elections last june ? 
  honestly , you are just so childish . 
  you must be very young , i imagine in high school . 
  honestly , we notice when you ignore facts and make up truths of your own . 
  so , no , you have no valid base for your claim that there was no elections and that the greeks do not want the euro . 
  provide me with credible proof , otherwise you are lying to suit your world view . 
   i do not blame modern germans for anything , i blame there government for making the entire situation reach critical levels . 
  i blame them for spreading racist and sterotypes of greeks into the media so they can brainwash the german people into believing the greeks deserve to be punished , even going so far as to have a german politican of greek origin resign in disgust at the levels of racism in german politics . 
  but i mainly blame them for not thinking long term . 
   there was/is no need for harsh austerity in greece or cyprus or anywhere else for that matter but specifically greece . 
  it has created chaos and things like golden dawn now exist because of it . 
  instead of having a 10 even 20 year goal for greece/portugal/cyprus to reform , they have decided to destroy the economy which as of now has unknown future consequences . 
   the germans started this economic war  germany is not going to bully greece for much longer . 
  yes , you seem to blame them for pretty much everything . 
  i think it is sad , tragic and pathetic that you can not see what you are doing . 
  why did you vote yes to the eu and the eurozone ? 
  why are you so corrupt ? 
  why have you failed to build thriving industries ? 
  why did you cheat ? 
  why did you borrow so much money ? 
  why is your productivity so low etc etc ? 
  there are a million questions to ask , but you are just concentrating on germany . 
  the fact is that greece is mainly responsible for the situation they are in , but you do not seem to understand even basic economic thinking - like if a state borrows to much they will eventually have to pay back . 
  however , i am sure you will find a way to blame that on the germans too . 
   maybe when you can fucking see that germany is not always right and they are in fact making things worst , maybe you will understand where i coming from . 
  if you had actually read anything i wrote in any other threads , you would know that i am one of the euros hardest criticts and as late as today wished ( ok , not wished , since i do not wish for devestation for millions , perhaps see it as a necessity ) for its end , or at the very least , a huge reduction of the countries in the ez . 
  however , you are not critiscising it or are even up for any form of real discussion - you are a hateful greek person who denies facts and blame it all on the germans . 
  as soon as you actually begin to see reason , see your own role and stop being a racist we can discuss . 
   by forcing this bail-out , by forcing stereotypes and racism and then continuing to push for even more austerity ( finance minister of greece publicly said today that he is ready to quit his position due to troika continued harsh demands ) . 
  it is not forced if the majority of the greeks vote yes . 
  you convently forgets that , do n't you ? 
  so , are you saying that the polls are fake ? 
  racism - yes , i love all the nazi sterotype you spreads around the place . 
  honestly , as a non german i can see that they are on the receiving end far more than you guys are , not that you care about facts . 
   and greece is tired of there shit . 
  the rest of europe is rather tired of greece and people like you too . 
  you have been on the receiving end of our tax money since the 80 's . 
  when are you going to step up and pay back ? 
  what have you been doing with the money for the last 30 years ? 
  i am going to send that to one of my finnish/swedish friends , he is going to be happy . 
  first - you have just confirmed that you are incapable of separating wwii from the current situation , since you keep referring to it . 
  please understand that ww ii and the current situation in greece are two different things . 
   the `` bail-out '' austerity package was an economic nuclear bomb set off by germany . 
  so , do not accept it . 
   when the option for a vote on the bail-out came , the germans kicked out the prime minister of greece and replaced him with a puppet . 
  no , they did not . 
  also , * after * that you have had elections , which you obviously convienently forgets , since that does n't fit in your `` blame everyone but the greeks , always the germans fault '' conspiracy madness . 
  which is typical for you also , and your special brand of conspiracy madness is that you straigh out deny facts . 
  like [ this ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/11/20/us-greece-euro-poll-idusbre8aj0eu20121120 ) poll that says that 61 % want to stay in the eurozone . 
  in the last election , when your beloved tsipras * lost * , fair and square , it was 81 % who wanted to stay . 
  yet , you blame nothing on the greeks , and all on the germans . 
   the germans started this economic war and i hope greece escalates it , because that is the game germany is playing right now . 
  are you honestly mad ? 
  it is not a war , and it was not started by germany . 
  who on earth forced you into the euro or into the eu ?
