  or ireland ? 
  what went wrong there ? 
  why are they still receiving money ? 
  why should we pay money to countries that does n't bother to fix themselves ? 
  they do n't even have to if we pay for them . 
   because the eu is a package deal !, 
  remember , no cherry-picking !, 
  countries with a weak industry agreed to open their borders to countries with a strong industry , instead of protecting their domestic economy by tariffs . 
  in exchange , rich countries helped agriculture and infrastructure in poor countries . 
   you do n't want the deal ? 
  fine , get out off the common market !, 
  that is beyond idiotic . 
  what you are saying is that we do n't accept the ineffectiveness and the corruption of greece and the structural funds we should get off the common market !, 
  are you an idiot ? 
  ** why not fix everything that is wrong instead of defending it ** ? 
  in your word , we have a static eu where we have to accept throwing away money for no use at all - the is so bordeline crazy that you must work for the eu . 
  why not let the countries * develop * ? 
  why not have effective help - for example fight the corruption and bureacracy instead of letting the corrupt people stay in place by sponsoring the roads ? 
  honestly , the fact that you accept ineffctivenes and corruption is such a looser attitude . 
  i expect that any money the eu gives away should be valued for their effectiveness and how they work . 
  if the structural funds are so good - why are still the same countries receiving ? 
  and i also expect there to be a time limit - one should n't just receive money forever . 
  how can ireland and greece still receive ? 
  for how many generations should they receive money ? 
  empires have risen and fallen in shorter time than they become net contributors . 
  and that it is less corruption depends on the country . 
  hardly less than switzerland and norway or iceland . 
  it is also because we being in all the corrupt countries without caring about the corruption or how it affects the eu . 
  rumania and bulgaria hardly lessens the eu corruption , they increase it . 
  i i expect countries to battle stuff like ineffectiveness and corruption . 
   such as ? 
  please enlighten me on the legal problems ? 
  or as i said , since according to swedish law there has to be more than 1 judge in court in every procceding except first instance criminal proccedings you will always have atleast two judges that arent blind . 
  because they should all receive the same information so they will come to the same conclusion . 
  if one party only receive 50 % of the information ( in body language , threatening gestures , irratic looks , spiteful glance , tense body stance ) all the judges will not have received the same information . 
  that is not acceptable . 
  would we accept a trial where one judge only received half of the information compared to the others ? 
  of course not . 
  and , that is a problem , and it is tragic that you do not , despite being in court so many times , are not aware of that . 
  all judges need to have the same information , so that the only difference will be interpretation of the law , not ignorance of the case . 
   the majority of evidence in court is vocal . 
  written evidence can be read out loud by either the secretary of court or one of the other judges who sits in court with the blind judge . 
  visual evidence can be described by a neutral party to the judge . 
  there can be legal problems if a third party has to interpret everything . 
  and , in fact , to you remember the gang trial in stockholm a few years back when people were removed from court , for threatening gestures . 
   if someone threatens a witness or anyone else in court the lawyers in court would object to it and demand that the judge removes the one who threatens or disturbs the court . 
  otherwise one of the other judges sitting in court would inform the president of the court ( if the blind judge is the president that is ) . 
  what if the lawyer looks away ? 
  have you been in court ? 
  the judge ( s ) sits and looks at them . 
  the lawyer might very well be doing something else . 
  and , we also say a lot with our body langueage . 
  if judges ca n't interpret that , how can they interpret the statement and the credibility ? 
  you sure sound like one . 
  so , stop whining then and fix it . 
  that is why you are in trouble , not because other countries `` did n't bring you along '' . 
  that sentence alone tells me how you view things . 
  apparently we are suppose to drag greece along , not you fixing your own shot and taking the lead . 
  so - quit your pathetic whining and fix shit . 
  you 've had decades to do it but because you view yourself as eternal victims you have n't bothered to . 
  that is the real reason you are in the gutter . 
  had you started to fight corruption , ineffectiveness , tax evasion and bureaucracy and shit in 1973 you would have been fine . 
  instead you whine and blame racism . 
  idiotic and pathetic , but so are you . 
  again , not even trying to answer the question of who is responsible for greece 's ineffectiveness , bureacracy and corruption that brought you to the place where you are now !, 
  haha , i know it is because you are afraid to , but it is ok . 
  i hear your answer - silence speak louder than words you know . 
  it is great that you agree with me that greece , and greece alone is responsible for the low productivity , the corruption and the bureacracy that brought you to this situation . 
  so , what is it then ? 
  and why , after 28 years in the eu are you still receiving money ? 
  you will until 2020 at least . 
  if you were n't so hell bent on being a victim and screaming racist , maybe you would fix issues instead . 
  why do n't you ? 
   i do n't know why you are selectively choosing to concentrate on greece and spain . 
  belgium is a net receiver . 
  spain is a net receiver of funds amounting to a wopping 0.04 % of its gdp and that was in 2009 because countries go up and down . 
  i do n't mind contributing to belgium if they are having problem , but i do mind contributing to belgium for over 40 years . 
  have they been receiving since they join . 
  if so , why the fuck have n't that been fixed ? 
  and , if the same countries are always on the receiving end for generations , there is a problem . 
  tell me , greece have been receiving money since 1981 , and is going to until at least 2020 , and probably after that . 
  how many generations should hand over money to greece ? 
  5 generations ? 
  why ca n't they a ) fix themselves ? 
  b ) if the structural funds are working - why are they still receiving ? 
  should n't they be giving now ? 
   the data is all over the place . 
  you ca n't cherry-pick the data points and use them to present a reality that 's just not there . 
  net inflows of eu funds is not a good metric to evaluate almost anything . 
  ok , if it does n't matter with in - and outflow , can the north be on the receiving end then for the next two decades ? 
  of course it matters . 
  it is financial transfers , mean to improve the competitiveness of the south . 
  and evidently it is not working since there is still a very clear north south flow . 
  thus , maybe we should abandon the structural funds altoghether and use them to battle corruption and ineffectiveness in the eu . 
  or something else . 
  but , at least , the structural funds in it current form seem to be very ineffective . 
   on the receiving end all the time . 
   ` they ' who ? 
  italy is a net contributor . 
  its net contribution of 6 billion more than offsets the net inflow of 5,4 billion received by spain , greece and portugal combined .
