   stop responding to people as if they represent ilga . 
   that your life is much more healthier over there in the north , true , but hardly because of lgbtq - rights , more about better economy and more excercise i belive :-) . 
   god i need a break from this , i am not doing okay . 
  perhaps a lazy sunday and a beer at the pub ? 
  well , she can run , but apparently not fast enough to get away from stupidity and homophobia . 
  on my phone so i do n't really check the thread a lot . 
  was a troll anyway . 
  i think she is orthodox coptic . 
  oil . 
  everyone respects oil , even the lbgtq - community . 
  why the guardian seemed to be blabbering about was a bit of an outdated lifestyle where the spanish person lazily wakes up at 10 and after a black coffee goes to sit by the town square etc. 
  i suspect that it 's not the case , that they wake up like everyone else and tries to get their kids ready to school , goes to their job ( or in spain 's case goes looking for one ) in front of the computer and work the whole day , then comes home and clean etc. 
  i do n't know if the southern lifestyle has ever existed , it seems like very good pr to me . 
  ok , i 'll stop and tag him as a troll . 
  sorry , hungover . 
  haha , you think you can get away so easy . 
  do n't try to turn the tables on me - i notice you refuse to answer of course . 
  and , as you very well know ( but decided to ignore ) it is hardly encyclopaedic knowledge to know those things . 
  it is common knowledge . 
  perhaps not in the us , but that says all about you then , but in the rest of the world . 
  it might surprise you , but most other country do not have huge swats of climate change deniers in their second biggest party . 
  so - do you mean that i cherish those things i said before ? 
  do you mean that i worship them ? 
  why are you afraid to answer ? 
  do you cherish oil - you use it ? 
  the us has guantanamo ? 
  do you cherish it ? 
  you are very obese in the us - do you worship obesity and look up to obese people ? 
  etc ? 
  do you worship the capital punishment you have ? 
  do you cherish the fact that you have an enormous prison population - the biggest in the world ? 
  answer please . 
  so you mean that i worship the us invasion of iraq , the war on terror , guantanamo , obesity , poor geographical skills , an unfair justice system , a focus on fast food , extreme social injustice , the biggest imprisonment of its own population anywhere , climate change denial , denial of gay rights , extreme focus on cars , biggest co2 emissions/ecological footprints in the world etc ? 
  no , i do not . 
  i know that is happening , and i see it , and perhaps , in some cases , accept it . 
  i however do not worship or cherish it . 
  you mix up accepting with cherish . 
  you use oil . 
  do you worship it or just accept it ? 
  exactly . 
  it is like some sort of uk pr agency decided to target the lbgtq-segment so they decided to make up their own definitions . 
  the sun is a popular newspaper - does n't mean i cherish it . 
  same with mcdonald 's - i do not cherish mcdonald 's even though many people eat there . 
  and the fact that my government and other government has decided to cooperate with the us with regards to the nsa or many other idiotic schemes from the us government ( i hardly think the brits cherish the fact that they went along with the iraqi invasion for example ) is distinctly against my wishes . 
  what is your definition of cherish ? 
  i know this in a map from the uk and i must say that i do not understand the scoring system . 
  why are the uk the best country in europe for gay rights ? 
  what makes them better than the netherlands for example ? 
  to me he did n't seem like a very good defence lawyer , more like a champion of extremist cause . 
  i 've listened to a lot of interviews with breivik 's lawyer , and i most certainly agree agree with the fact that absolutely everyone deserves a lawyer and a fair trial so i do not mund that he defends dictators and terrorists . 
  verges however seemed to play more theatre than defend . 
  i also think a good lawyer would n't smirk or excuse stuff like genocide , it hardly wins you any bonus points . 
  btw , i did n't know talleyrand was a bandit ? 
  what was he referring too ? 
  ( i know talleyrand had a long distinguished career and , ahem , sometimes switched sides , but not a criminal . 
  really ? 
  just an accident ? 
  two studying rumanians in sweden who write exactly the same with the same interest . 
  i ca n't even find your posts where you defend him , threads etc. 
  are they gone ? 
  oh , now when you are answering - what are you studying btw ? 
   and it is n't true that sweden , finland or germany are pure capitalist countries . 
  a ) then define capitalism . 
  b ) explain to me why i do not live in a capitalistic country . 
  i am interested you see , i thought i did . 
   the capital there is seriously impended by taxation and social security systems . 
  you seem to have the idea that capitalism has to be without taxation or rules . 
  that is * anarchocapitalism * , and not what i am referring to . 
  i do not think there 's a single state that has that . 
  if you want to read more about it , [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anarcho-capitalism ) . 
   you are making things up to match your agenda . 
  i did n't have an agenda . 
  i posted a map from wwi to be exact , hardly a secret agenda to promote anarcho capitalism . 
  someone said a comment , i responded . 
  yes , i do blame communism for mass murders and the death of millions . 
  you do not ? 
  all of a sudden weird people are blaming * democracy * for not getting free millions from imf and their own countries corruption . 
  and defending communism . 
  you are the one making stuff up . 
  anarchisto was the one who started to blame and discuss capitalism and democracy , not me , if you are willing to read , but you are just spoiling for a fight i guess . 
   somalia is perfectly capitalist country , seriosuly , stop it . 
  now you are giving me opinions and no one , apart from you have ever claimed that somalia is a perfect capitalistic country . 
  it is in the midst of civil war . 
  honestly , you are just spoiling for a fight and are giving me opitions i have never had . 
  grow up . 
   all i 'm saying that capitalism does n't guarantee well-being of a nation , which you seem to believe . 
  no , i never said that . 
  i said it was better than communism and it is more democratic . 
  do you deny that ? 
   and your neoliberal excitement is half-adorable and half-pathetic , please stop . 
  please , you are a person who apparently thinks somalia is capitalistic . 
  you are just in the mood to argue . 
  it is a country in civil war - it is not democratic . 
  do you claim that it is ? 
  he is also two people , himself and u/lukewarmdicksauce . 
  yes , it was published in 1919 , made in 1918 . 
  i took a while in those days . 
  perhaps they counted you as danish ? 
  as i said , the communist have such bad luck . 
  every communistic state becomes a dictatorship .
