  yes , one can . 
  one can can say no to asylum seekers that refuse to educate themselves , or one whatever category people from pakistan , egypt , iran , russia ( very homophobic ) fall under . 
  however , about the eu you are right , but the increase among muslims homophobic , is hardly the dutch or spaniards , is it ? 
   whether hindu , muslim coe or catholic . 
  i 'd shut them down an install secular governors and ensure a secular curriculum is taught ( including a balanced religious education course ) . 
  exactly - i am so tired of catering to religion . 
   but i agree i think it should be legal as an adult . 
  ok , if they want to do it then , i am ok with it . 
  before , they can have some sort of meaningless ritual instead of circumciscion - perhaps wetting the head or something while uttering a few phrases ...  basically more , better quality education is the key . 
  it 's easier to stop indoctrination if you teach somebody logic and reason . 
  well , not just , even though we are in agreeing there . 
  it is a war , over minds , and it has to be fought on all fronts . 
  so , the media , politicians etc * has * to call them out . 
  what have the muslims leaders done for the lesbians today ? 
  also , legally it has to be fought much harder . 
  as it is , the numbers are really depressing , and it is getting worse . 
  i know you started out with defending the muslims against being terrorist , and i agree with you there . 
  however , that is not what scares me , not at all ( i 'm a scientist , i am more likely to die of a gazillion things ) . 
  i am scared and frightened that unequality , anti - feminism , anti democracy ( sharia laws are against that ) , anti secular state , anti gay - attitudes are on the rise in the muslim community . 
  and , that nothing is being done to change that . 
  and , we can discuss that how much we want , but in the end only the muslims themselves can change that , and they do n't seem really keen to ( as a community of course , individuals can most certainly act differently ) . 
  so , how long should we accept a community with those attitudes ? 
  how long should we tolerate hate and intolerance ? 
  and why ? 
  i hope they did . 
  i do n't think however ( in particular if one look at those surveys ) that they are very representative of the muslim community . 
  which is perhaps just like politicians everywhere , i do n't really know how representative they are for the people they are supposed to represent . 
  ok , i was wrong . 
  i am not really up to date on those , thanks for the update . 
  was this really in 2012 ? 
   what would you have done to them , have them all deported ? 
  we live in a democracy and that means people can and will disagree with you . 
  it will be a slow struggle but they will eventually come around . 
  there will always be people who are bigots , who are against gay people that will never change . 
  no , i have n't said deported - you said that . 
  i say one should n't be allowed permanent recidence without education about equal law , etc , tests etc. 
  also , one should be able to deport the families of those poor victims of the `` honour system '' . 
  what they are doing is obviously illegal , and should be treated as such . 
  if they are citizens - jail for a very long time and should not be allowed to raise their other kids if they have any . 
  money to schools , social workers , police etc to enforce it , but there probably needs new laws . 
  obviously , the muslim ( and happily catholic etc ) should be treated * much , much * harder with regards to their stance on gay people . 
  you enforce hate speech against britain - why not against gays or women ? 
  certainly if someone bloody preech it , or treat them as less worthy . 
  also , one ca n't change the attitude of the people who already live here , but one can refuse to accept more people in the country who are like that . 
  not that all muslims/immigrant ( certainly not all are , nor are all christian/hindu etc nice ) , but i have not problem that one has to take courses/alternative sign some sort of paper . 
  if one later on ignores it , well , then you have broken the law , have n't you ? 
  also - are you sure that the equality laws are vigorously enforced , everywhere ? 
  they are most certainly not in sweden . 
  religious schools seems to get a pass , of course they should be closed down if they do not promote equality for gays , women etc. 
  i am pretty sure it is not enforced in britain - you do have catholic schools do n't you ? 
  close them , win back the minds of the young people . 
  it is a barabaric rite that removes 10 % of the nervends and a lot of feeling for men . 
  anyone who cut of 10 % of a females clitoris would be called a barbarian , why should men be treated differently ? 
  men deserve their sexual organs too . 
  that will solve the problems with the most religious too ... ...  we ca n't ban religion as much as society might improve , it 's morally wrong . 
  no , nor should we , but we can ban the actions of religion or involvment in public life . 
  nor should one get a pass . 
  above all - the catholic church is called out the whole time for their attitude towards women and homosexuality . 
  i * do not * see muslims called out for that . 
  they should be - every day . 
  no one should get away with it . 
   there will always be people who are bigots , who are against gay people that will never change . 
  but , among non muslims that number is decreasing , every year . 
  it will never reach zero , but is getting lower every year . 
  among muslims - increasing , and you do n't see a problem with that ? 
  how much discrimination is ok in your book ? 
  you say muslims are discriminated , but why are n't you defending women and gay people ? 
   you keep on saying more should be done but do n't offer any solutions yourself . 
  neither are you . 
  you are * accepting * their discrimination , that is far , far worse . 
  what do you think should be done apart from tolerating intolerance ? 
  you have n't offered any solution either - give me some then . 
   but you still have to remember that they only form 3 % of the population , it 's not too much of a worry yet . 
  i do worry - as long as attitudes like that are increasing it is a cause to worry . 
  i would be ok if they ( attitudes ) were on the decrease , but they are not . 
   f and like evrery other religion they 're against gay marriage no , we ( lutherans ) have gay marriages , female bishops etc. 
  also - what you forget to mention is that muslims are much more likely to describe themselves as religious/very religious etc ( i forgot the study , but i can find it if you want , at least they are in sweden ) . 
  that means that they are much more likely to listen to their leaders , compared to catholic germans for example , who might go to church once in a blue moon . 
  so , they are much more likely to hate homosexuality . 
  and - what are the muslims doing about it ? 
  i mean , you even said it yourself , their biggest organisation is doing nothing . 
   baby steps . 
  what ? 
  it is 2013 , i refuse to take baby steps against barbarianism and discrimination . 
  so , if we take baby steps , in what year do * you * expect them to have normal attitudes , and to treat women and gays like equals ? 
  it is 2013 , they are living in europe where we clearly speak against those thing in every law , official paper etc - if the shoe do not fit , fuck them . 
  how can you tolerate discrimination ? 
  i mean , you do not support their intolerance and discrimination - how can you then tolerate it , or the fact that they are n't changing - in fact they are becoming * worse * . 
  is n't that very , very , scary ? 
  at what point do you think they should react ? 
   people say this but immigrants and muslims are scutinised to hell , i do n't know what it 's like in sweden but atm the british are having huge debates about immigration and the papers are spouting their opinions on it too . 
  so , if the are then a ) why did n't you even know about their attitiudes towards women and gays and democracy/sharia etc b ) why are n't they changing ? 
   british are having huge debates about immigration and the papers are spouting their opinions on it too . 
  apparently it has no impact on muslim attitudes towards gay , women , law etc. 
  so , more should be done , because those attitudes are abhorrent and should not be tolerated - do n't you agree ? 
   so did belgium miss its targets because it basically said ` fuck it ' to doing serious austerity ? 
  they had to deal with dexia , but even still : you will have to ask a belgian , but that would be my guess . 
  and , i do n't think they would have had to do serious austerity . 
  i mean , i am sure they would have to have done some cut backs , but not the strangling type . 
  i do n't blame them really - the commission never does anything ever to punish someone from breaking the rules , so why should anyone listen to them ?
