  for how many decades more is the south going to receive ? 
  are we not discriminated ? 
  ( we are , and why , answer that please , why are our cows less worth and why do n't the eu care about antibiotics ) is the cap good for us ? 
  are we not forced to lower our standards ? 
  are the eu working to abolish the structural funds that so obviously have failed etc ? 
  does the eu care about the environment to our degree . 
  and do n't say that we can have higher standards - only sometimes . 
  a brilliant example is several of the food colourings in candy that we forbid in the late 80 's / early 90 's , but then was forced to sell again , all in the name of the eu . 
  that food colouring is adding to behavioural problems in children and in particular when it comes to children , we rather be safe than sorry . 
  not the eu . 
  so , we can not have a higher standards , eu rules forbids it . 
  we are forced to sell eu candy . 
  please , look it up . 
  so - you are not telling the truth when it comes to that . 
  so , explain in detail what i am wrong about and why i should for example pay for greece that has been on the reviving end for decades , for lets say at least another two . 
  fifty years - empires have been founded and list in the time greece refuses to become net payer . 
  or , 39 that it will be at the end of 2020 is bad enough.that us planned btw . 
  why should we and the eu stand for that ? 
  the eu obviously want to keep paying , and do not care . 
  i do . 
  why should we pay . 
  in detail please ? 
  tell me what areas the eu would run stuff better than my country ? 
  environment - we need cooperation in that and in research . 
  what else ? 
  and why should i care more about grecece than iceland and ukraine ? 
  why , they even pay far less taxed than i do and are always on the reviving end . 
  why ? 
  no , we are forced to accept lower standards . 
  apart from bring forced to sponsor stuff that is wilfully less environmental friendly ( as in the antibiotics for example ) that then is being sold to lower prices we are actually being discriminated - we receive less money per cow for example than france . 
  that is discrimination . 
  our cows have no lower quality , they are better since they have less antibiotics . 
  should n't that be rewarded ? 
  so , yes , we are forced to being discriminated , forced to lower our standards . 
  why should we stand for that ? 
  why are you doing that to us btw ? 
  why do n't you care about higher standards ? 
  i do not want to be in a union with people who want low non environmental friendly standards . 
  that however is what you vote for . 
  we are , as always , outnumbered . 
  and , we are nine million , no one gives a shit apart from you want our money . 
  if you care , why are we still bring discriminated ? 
  apart from research , some environmental issues and education - what stuff will the eu do better ? 
  energy ? 
  finances - please , you are loosing a ratings by the week . 
  unemployment - well we can all se how good that is going ? 
  environment - clear no . 
  so why should we put up with lower standards and discrimination ? 
  if the eu wanted higher standards and not discriminate , then they should stop . 
  however , they do not care . 
  and , if the eu ca n't handle stuff , then leave . 
  stop the cap then . 
  come on - greece are not paying off their debt . 
  they have already received a debt reduction . 
  no one pays off 170 % . 
  you yourself admits it is hollow . 
  and that we will have to pay for them for ages . 
  why ? 
  why does the eu do not react ? 
  why have n't they done anything - ever . 
  you know my children will pay off greece , possibly grandchildren . 
  why ? 
  i never signed up for that - why ca n't we stop ? 
  what makes the greeks so unique that they deserve our tax money when they cheat and pay less ? 
  the eu do not care about that - they keep throwing good money after bad . 
  and , the eu want more money , and obviously as we can see from cap , structural funds and southern europe - they do not care about where they go . 
  if they cared - why are the south in the situation they are in ? 
  and if the people in the south care - why do they vote the way they do ? 
  why are they corrupt ? 
  no , nine million swedes ca n't stop this , we are just bring bled for money and it will get worse , since the eu are not putting on any breaks ( if they did , why are greece still receiving money , please answer that ) i look at what people , countries and organisations do , and form my opinions after that . 
  i am utterly unimpressed with the eu , and the people and countries of southern europe . 
  individually they can be lovely i am sure , but seriously , if you vote for berlusconi for ten years , you do not want a future that is good . 
  if you have received money for 32 years and are in greece position - is that improving ? 
  so , what does the eu care if we leave ? 
  according to you we pay nothing and the eu loves the environment anyway , and is improving by the hour . 
  if it is so successful , why ca n't a few countries leave ? 
  we can form a little nordic union . 
  i have a duty towards my environment , towards the world , toward the society i live in , towards my family etc. 
  i do not have more duty towards greece than i have towards ukraine , mexico or iceland for example please explain to me in detail why i should ? 
  when it comes to the environment and paying taxes , yes , we are better . 
  not at other things , sports and media comes to mind immediately , as the producing industry in germany , and probably a million things more . 
  so , better is a relative term , in some things , but not in others . 
  however , the cultural differences seems to be enormous , and they are hardly changing and/or improving . 
  look at the corruption and tax loyalty for example . 
  those are things that are essential for a working state/union/society . 
  however , they are not really improving , are they . 
  italy are as corrupt as ever . 
  also , as i have proven - the eu makes things worse for us . 
  they do not have to of course , but they choose to . 
  and , they have had the cap for decades . 
  if that is how the eu run things , - why should we settle for that ? 
  why should we settle for having a worse agricultural policy and environmental policy ? 
  please explain that ? 
  also , explain why we should accept being discriminated ? 
  why would we want to be in a union that does that on purpose ? 
  if the eu is so good , why does it keep on doing things like that ? 
  should we accept that ? 
  furthermore - and you even agree . 
  i try not to pass bills to my non existing grand children . 
  as it is now , my children have to pay for the south , probably my grandchildren will pay off greece 's debt .
