  should all building of hyresr\u00e4tter be left to the politicians in the different parts of the countries ? 
  i am not sure that i forever want a policy where no money is to be made from building hyresr\u00e4tter . 
  second , it is also slightly ridiculous that you pay the same amount for strandv\u00e4gen / rinkeby - that is completely ignoring the market . 
  i do n't know if that is a smart thing to do in the long run . 
   true , northern-european states could easily end the crisis through debt-relief programs , increased investments in pigs countries , and by dismantling the structural deficiencies that plague the emu and hinder the economic progress of the south . 
  no , we could not . 
  the problem is that a lot of the problems that is plaguing the southern europe is because of the incorrectly constructed euro . 
  southern euro has lost 20-30 % of their internal competitiveness up until 2008 , and probably more afterwards . 
  obviously , they can not move the currency and the interest rate any more , so the countries there are doing what they can , cutting costs , also known as austerity ( and borrowing money to keep the country to a minimum standard ) . 
  that difference in competitiveness is not something that is changed * easy * , but the reason it happened it economics 101 , it is what happen when you combine different economies in a currency union . 
  it is nobody/everybodys fault . 
  people knew this was happening , but ignored it , south and north . 
  to offset the differences in competitiveness , you need massive transfer , permanent transfers and massive investments , over decades . 
  do you thing it will be done easily ? 
  30 % of the north gdp sent to the south for the next 25 years ( there are more people in the south than in the north ) . 
  compare it with another currency union with differences in competitiveness , ddr and brd ( west germany ) . 
  when they joined ddr was much less competitive , and the unemployement and the cost increased quickly . 
  however , unlike southern europe , the brd took care of the foreign debt , made sure the ddr had minimum standards of health care/school , unemployment benefits etc through permanent transfers from the west , took care of their banking , did massive investments and above all , had the full support of the people . 
  that was 23 years ago , brd has given * trillions * to the ddr and are * still * giving them over 100 billion euros/year . 
  yet , you can still see the difference in productivity and unemplyment between east/west , 23 years after the fact . 
  do you think any country is willing to do that for the south ? 
  the dutch handing over trillions ( which would really fuck up their economy ) to save greece ? 
  finland paying off portugals debt , making sure their banks work + giving them x billion of euros for the next 25 years ? 
  no , of course not , and it is not because the north is evil , or because the south deserves it . 
  it is because we are not one country . 
  no one has voted for a permanent transfer union , which would also , through necenssity , be a much deeper integrated union . 
  not enough people want that . 
  and , above all - it is not something that can be done behind peoples back . 
  people need to have a say in this , for it to have any democratic relevance . 
  so far , the people voices have n't exactly been heard . 
  what one should do , is that a few countries should exit the euro , because things are not getting easier . 
  it is not fun , but neither is 25 years of austerity . 
  now , i am not expecting them to fall to quickly , nor do i want them to . 
  i have also heard anders borg explicitly state that he does n't want them to fall to quickly , but `` even out '' sort of . 
  i am not saying we do n't have a housing bubble ( we do ) but one has to walk the line between regulating to much so the prices fall to quickly ( the government could do more , but how much ) and not intervening ( not smart idea either ) . 
  as for de-regulating the rent market . 
  i think it will have to happen some time , but hardly with a minority government 1,5 years before election . 
  cool , finally something interesting by wikileaks but , perhaps i am missing something , but is how is gunvor finnish ? 
  do you have links ? 
  for the first - just because you could n't vote , does n't make a treaty invalid . 
  then we would have that argument every year . 
  blame your mother . 
  second , i am not sure actually that anyone will be making money in the long run , at least not in the ez . 
  how does a 20 year recession sound to you ? 
  actually , sweden might make money from it ( we are not overly fond of our wickedly strong krona though , it is just strong because everyone else sucks , it is creating problems for us ) but not gernany etc in the long run , since they gave to bail out everyone , and it will bite them in the ass , massively . 
  at some points something is going to fall and then the whole deck of cards will come tumbling down . 
  and no , i do n't think one can explain to the northern voters that they have to send x % of their gdp south for the next 25 years . 
  also , there is fewer of us , and more of you . 
  i honestly believe the best solution for portugal is to leave the euro , not the eu ( i am sure that technicality can be arranged somehow ) . 
  what do you have now , another 20 years of austerity ? 
  that is not a life , and i do believe it would be better if your destiny in your own hands . 
  whatever you choose though , it will not be easy . 
  i do wish people understood though that this is not because of lazy southerners or evil germans . 
  if you look at the theory behind , it is rather evident that it would happen , and the only way to counteract it is really massive transfers . 
  basically , with such transfers , one need far deeper integration . 
  europe is not ready for that , and that does n't name anyone evil . 
  i do wish our leaders would spend more time ( or any time ) explaining these things . 
  now they are just running from one bad rescue to another . 
  perhaps we should also speak clearly about what the eu is to us . 
  i see it as a trade union , and more corrupt and worse with money than my country , to be given as little influence as possible , since they also have horrendous crises management . 
  seriously - can there be a worse bank save ? 
  obviously - you might see it in another way , and a person from poland in a third way . 
  however , this hardly gets mentioned at all , but we are just all supposed to follow the eu dream , whatever that is . 
  i am not envious of your situation , but i do wish you the best of luck . 
  so , what you are essentially saying is that small countries should n't complain because they get access to a bigger market . 
  you are also saying that the eu ca n't do anything about the corruption , and they are completely helpless if someone does n't follow the rules ? 
  that is a an extremely weird attitude , and above all , incorrect . 
  saying that only powerful countries have the right to complain is a supreme attitude , that is extremely non democratic , nor does it serves it citizens . 
  furthermore , claiming that the eu is this helpless entity , that can not act if the rules are bent is wrong to . 
  the eu does have that power - they just choose not to use it because they are corrupt . 
  you attitude towards smaller states and democracy , and towards how the eu should work against the corruption is in itself an argument against the whole european project . 
  claiming that the eu ca n't stop payment or fine states is an outright lie actually , as well as saying that they do n't have to obey rules . 
  i 'll rather take my chances with non corrupt entities , where at least rules are being followed . 
  the eu should be careful though , even though you say they are completely helpless . 
  corruption is extremely damaging to society , at every level , and it scares investors and normal people away . 
  failure to fight it , or like you are saying - accepting it because apparently the eu can do a single thing ( incorrect btw ) is going to harm the eu in the long run , hundred times over . 
  weirdly enough i ca n't find the article on the times ( i have access ) . 
   nobody seems to be actually trying to solidify europe into one entity , all everybody is doing is taking care of themselves well , i think you are being a bit harsh there . 
  nobody voted for a permanent transfer union , which is what is going to happen if one is to save it , nor for a united states of europe . 
   if anyone was really trying this crisis would have been over years ago , a combination of haircuts and quantitative easing would made for an acceptable amount of inflation to keep everybody solvent . 
  no , i think you are wrong here . 
  it would take a lot more , and that is the problem . 
  think about it this way , it is economics 101 that the southern states ( or , shall we say those states who was cheaper , higher interest rates , less `` developed '' industries etc ) would lose in internal competitiveness in a union . 
  i think greece/spain/portugal etc has lost between 20-30 % between 1999-2008 . 
  it is basic science , really . 
  to offset this , you need to invest , and to transfer money , take care of the banks , help with foreign debt , full support of the people etc. 
  however , are you prepared to send x % of your gdp down south for the next 25 years ? 
  if you think i am exagerating , take a look at another currency union , ddr joining the brd ( west germany ) . 
  they were , like portugal ( for the sake of argument , i 'll just write portugal , but i mean portugal/spain/greece ) less competitive but so just like them , the had rising prices and high unemployment . 
  however , unlike portugal , they had their foreign debt taken care of , they had permanent transfers from the brd to make sure that they had the basics , decent schools , unemployment benefits etc , they had banks , and they had huge amounts of investements from the german government . 
  and , most important - the support of the people . 
  over the years , germany has invested trillions in the ddr , and are still giving them over 100 billion/year . 
  yet , the unemployment is still higher and the productivity lower than in west germany . 
  now , if you compare that with portugal , so potugal might be more competitive than ddr was , but they are still way less competitive than germany . 
  add to that they have foreign debt , no security for the `` essentials '' , like welfare - in other words , no permanent transfers . 
  also , they do not have the massive investment from the german government . 
  23 years afterwards , you can still notice the difference between ddr/brd , with all the help . 
  how long do you think it will take for portugal ? 
  thinking that it would only take a bit of solidarity etc is , unfortunately , wrong . 
  the euro is wrongly constructed , and to save it will take enormous amounts of money , and that you give up your soverignity .
