  cool romania !, 
  really ? 
  our government and the danish have followed the votes . 
  i am sure more countries have that too . 
  i have no reason to believe that the germans would n't follow the outcome of votes . 
  is there a special reason you believe that ? 
  i hate schengen too . 
  other thread though . 
  how is cap benefitting us . 
  i am sponsoring ineffective and non sustainable practises in other countries , not to mention wine and tobacco while being discriminated against in the cap ? 
  we had food before , it was not more expensive and we did n't have to pay for other people 's wine nor be discriminated against . 
  now we are forced to do that . 
  how is that better than before ? 
  how is is not common sending it back to the countries ? 
  if we have an evidently failed cap that discriminates and supports wine and tobacco and refuse to change any of that , how can you defend it . 
  tell me - for how long shall we swedes suffer the indignation of being discriminated . 
  we have been for 18 years , and will be for at least 7 more . 
  how many generations ? 
  how many generations are we going to pay for wine ? 
  flowers ? 
  i need answers , quick why for how long ? 
  you have not given me any answers , none that tells me how it is effective . 
  why shall i set up my kids to pay off portuguese wine ? 
  and even if finland , denmark et al were net recipients they have not been it for the most time . 
  why is still greece on the receiving end ? 
  spain ? 
  i need investigations into that . 
  will my children pay for greece still ? 
  thanks . 
  welcome to r/europe . 
  where the euro and krugman is god . 
  i expect the downvotes . 
  i also get them when i point out that the ecb ca n't go for an interest rate of 4 % because it is against the ecb rules or that a treaty change will take ages , if ever and it will most likely the north will vote no to permanent transfers and paying off someone else 's debt . 
  people do not like that . 
   i 've been reading ( and writing ) on r/europe for quite a while , and had a number of very enlightening discussions with , among others , users krattr , countvontroll , notangelamerkel , to name a few . 
  i have had very good discussions too , but as you say , it gets rarer and rarer . 
  and if one want academic discussions , you are more likely to have them somewhere else . 
  i suppose it depends one what one wants . 
  good , that makes it more democratic . 
  2/3 of the budged goes to that because the eu have n't handled it effectively . 
  sponsoring wine and tobacco and promoting not being effective is not good handling . 
  what more , if the regional development worked , would n't spain , greece * et al * be net supporters of the eu by now , they have been on the receiving end for more than 30 years ( greece ) and almost 30 years ( spain , portugal . ) . 
  so , i think we should do a complete overhaul of the regional development since it is evident it does n't work and send cap back to the countries . 
  now we need a declaration that they 're going to do `` whatever is necessary '' to make problematic areas more productive , and we 're set . 
  of course that will be criticized as `` free money for lazy southerners '' , but did they really thing the s you need more than a declaration , since that actually goes against the treaty . 
  what you need is a treaty change , and that is not going to happen , i belive . 
  it is not just a policy change , to do that you need a treaty change . 
  and , to that you need to first negotiate a new treaty ( which will take years ) and then it needs to survive the vote in 28 countries . 
  so , whether your suggestion is smart or not is not really relevant if you understand , the question is - it is realistic . 
  no , it is not , since that treaty change will not happen . 
   this shit happened because of those restrictions . 
  no , because of too different economies and internal devaluation . 
   that 's not necessary at all . 
  we can print significant amounts of money . 
  that will help against deflationary pressure , and if we overdo it a bit the euro will devalue ... helping exports in the whole eurozone which is exactly what the fiscal austerity fans are urging us to do : export more and erode wages . 
  again , i am not saying you are wrong technically , but it is really realistic . 
  the ecb is not allowed to go over the the 2 % inflation . 
  that is the rules . 
  to change it - well you guessed it , vote in several countries . 
  so , i think while your suggestions are correct from an economical standpoint , they will not work out politically . 
  and , that is sort of the problem with economics. , it is one thing or another :-) . 
   of course it 's not going to work if you veto the things that would make it work oh , we are not just talking about veto , it is far bigger than that . 
  if you look at working currency unions , like former germany ( before euro ) or the us , you always have a federal tax of at least 30 % . 
  there is just no way in hell the north will agree to that . 
  i mean `` yes we will cut back on healthcare here in finland , and half the pensions to make sure that greece 's debt and portugal 's pensions are taken care of . 
  we do not mind at all to send 30 % of our gdp to countries who are more corrupt , and pay less in taxes than we do '' . 
  and , trust me , i have read what the true finns say ( and that would just be to mild for them , they are more like geert wilders ) , and i have spoken to a lot of finns . 
  even the mildest among them are not up for that . 
  nor to give up their country . 
  same in sweden , and a lot of other countries . 
  no matter if it is sensible and the right thing to do , it will not fly . 
  period . 
  no one in the north will ever vote for it . 
  what more , that would mean an end to the national state . 
  well , it might not mean anything to you , but to a lot of people it does ( me for one ) , and it is another reason it will not fly . 
  and , it is not just sweden . 
  i ca n't see any northern country voting yes , not to mention france and the uk . 
  doubt eastern europe and i am even doubting southern europe . 
  so , instead we should look at realistic solutions , where one do not have to vote . 
  i always advocate for the south to leave the euro . 
  not fun , but neither is it now . 
  that would at least enable them to take their fate in their own hands . 
  however , i do n't think will happen , instead the eurozone will slowly trudge on like they do now , nothing changing for decades . 
  perhaps turning into japan . 
  that is the worst solution in my mind . 
   ok so drop those provisions . 
  the cap is still effective for what it was designed to do . 
  no , the provisions are not being dropped and the cap is not being effective . 
  how can it be effective to support wine and tobacco and discriminating ? 
   since the animal welfare and food production standards at smallholdings are superior , we have to ensure their survival . 
  no proof that this have to be done a eu level . 
  this might as well be done on a national level . 
   not all governments can afford to subsidize proportionately higher levels of agriculture as they have n't the population to support it . 
  because they sell their produce into a larger market , a larger scale support system is needed to maintain that standard . 
  a lot of countries were , and are surviving without the eu . 
  you make it sounds like we will all die as soon as we do n't give a shitload of money to the eu . 
  no , sweden did better before . 
   europe pays for ireland 's agriculture because europe benefits , it 's really that simple . 
  source ? 
  and , you have n't even mentioned the corruption , the refusal to become more effective .
