  i have access to academic journals of course , i am very interested in how you are going to prove that the triangle of death do not exist . 
   if the europeans really want to keep syriza out of power , the best answer would be quickly to forgive a big chunk of debt . 
  i do n't think the eu has no business whatsoever to interfere with the national elections , one way or another . 
  i mean , imagine what could happen.the eu work with madrid to make abolutely sure that the catalans not get independence ? 
  the eu threatens the finns to make sure that the true finns get no places in the parlament or tell the french that they will not get x and y if the choose lepen ? 
  apart from the fact that i think that in every instance of those cases it would piss people off and make them vote for whatever party the eu does n't like , it is just wrong . 
  no , no , no , the eu should accept whatever we vote for , it is their demcratic duty - do n't manipulate it . 
  so , if the greeks want syrizia - so be it . 
  it 's the choice of the greeks , no one elses . 
   and getting the european parliament involved in setting macroeconomic conditions is a recipe for paralysis . 
  dear god , yes . 
  it sounds like a recipe for disaster to me . 
  do not involve the ep in the emf . 
   what 's your reasoning for saying they should be a net contributor ? 
  well , if 25 % of their gdp is undeclared , and from there we calculate who should receive and who should get from the eu , maybe they should receive less from the structural funds for example . 
  as in - if we all give 1 % but spain receives 1,2 and sweden 0,8 - then we give and they do n't . 
  if they cheat so much , maybe they should receive 0,8 % - like us . 
  and maybe bulgaria could use that funds ? 
   zsorry , but the gut feeling of a non-specialist is not exactly rock solid evidence . 
  i am more of a specialist than you are and i have posted links that oppose to what you say . 
  it just fits in your narrative , there is no reason not to believe me , unless you want to . 
  i can post more reports too - i 've since looked around , and * no one * apart from yours metion that numbers . 
  so , how many reports do you need ? 
  five ? 
  six ? 
   because those come out entirely of our pocket , considering that we pay 6 billion euros more into the eu budget than we receive . 
  no , a ) just because you are a net payer does n't give you right to misuse funds . 
  for example , those funds could have gone to environmental issues in the atlantic instead . 
  and it is not your money - it is eu money . 
  are you saying that since you pay six billion more you have the right to misuse 6 billion euros , until your break even ? 
  that is idiotic reasoning . 
  and , the fact that you pay 6 billion more and misuse them - well , perhaps you should pay 7 then , if cheating is widespread in italy . 
  and it is also a moral question . 
  eu does n't work if everyone cheats or if countries does n't follow the rules . 
  why should n't italy follow the rules ? 
  no , i can not find stories like that in every country . 
  did you read all the links above ? 
  [ a mafia legacy taints the earth in southern italy ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2014/01/30/world/europe/beneath-southern-italy-a-deadly-mob-legacy.html ) [ triangle of death ] ( triangle of death ) [ triangle of death . 
  surges of cancer in southern italy linked to triangle of death ) . 
  we do not have unexplained cancer , the camorra and posinous earth like you read about here . 
  are you saying most countries have that ? 
  where is that in the uk then ? 
  i am very interested . 
  and , it is one thing having for example cow milk instead of buffalo milk , but it is not the same if the olives who gets replaced for example comes from naples and contain toxins . 
  or the vegetables . 
  and , you do know that the buffaloes in buffalo mozzarella are from that area . 
  would you give your child that cheese now ? 
  you are right , i have never ever heard the number 20 % . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.svensktnaringsliv.se/multimedia/archive/00016/ska_det_vara_vitt_el_16777a.pdf ) is a report that says it is around 5-5 - 15 % . 
  honestly , maybe restaurants have 20 % , but not that many more areas . 
   . and the football world cup too . 
  did n't you win it last time :-) . 
  well , you are lightyears ahead of us in that arean . 
  good luck, 
   ecause the eu budget does n't work that way . 
  it 's not as if the spaniards not paying their taxes means their government contributes less to the eu , so you have to pay more to make it up . 
  ahem - yes it does . 
  they have a lower gdp and perhaps they are net receiver when they should contribute ? 
  perhaps we wrongly have been given spain money for all those years . 
   why should i trust this report over the other ? 
  because i have never ever even remotely heard your number , and i live in sweden and hate the black market . 
  even organisations that use it for their arguments ( like the one i posted , ordered by svenskt n\u00e4ringsliv ) do not use that number . 
   considering italy is the third largest net contributor to the eu budget , and is a net contributor by a huge margin , i would say that this is a national concern . 
  no , it is an eu concern . 
  because if they worked they would receive less of the structural funds , and perhaps even less of the cap : we are now 28 countries and - it is not national . 
  how can eu funds being misused be a national concern . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.euronews.com/2013/11/04/eu-funds-for-l-aquila-earthquake-misused-italy-and-brussels-blamed/ ) . 
  and that is just one of many examples , it is not hard to find misused funds actually . 
   owever , i blame the goverments of the tax paying countries ( and the citizens of those people who vote for those governments ) for this rather than the eu . 
  these governments are choosing to be part of a system that grants massive subsidies in a corrupt fashion and the electorate are consenting to this by voting for those governments . 
  oh , those too - but why not blame the corrupt governments and the people that chooses them too ? 
  how on earth can they be innocent ? 
   perhaps you think that the system can be reformed and improved ? 
  ( personally i think the only solution is to stop being part of the system . 
  no , we are too small . 
  the only thing we can do is leave which i 'll be voting for . 
   poisonous * besides , you are n't too educated about italian food ( or mafia ) either . 
  we in eu have quite a lot of regulations and quality standards for our food . 
  italy is fully on top of this stuff , and you 'll find doc/dop/docg / igp labelings on a lot of our stuff . 
  these labels are only allowed to companies who certify the quality of the food they produce , and they are controlled by national and european observers . 
  ok , so why does that with olive oil happen ? 
  and why [ this ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/italy/9406507/italys-mozzarella-king-arrested-over-contaminated-cheese.html ) . 
  if it works - those things are then not happening ? 
   on top of this , in italy the food centrality has led to the rise of a proper cultural movement that advocates the need of clean , high-quality homegrown food . 
  this movement started out as a protest against fast-food chains and now it has grown to the point of being the philosophical staple of multinational food distributors such as eataly . 
  i know - and brilliant . 
  however , it can be as homegrown as ever , it does n't matter if the soil contains toxins . 
   naples outskirts are in another world entirely . 
  those are cursed , god-forsaken lands where mafia rules and even the police has very little power . 
  nothing much comes out of those lands - you will never find in your stores food from there , even i do n't . 
  that sort of crop is destined to go into naples discount grocery stores , and likely not much further . 
  you should n't worry about mafia food coming into your stores anytime soon . 
  buffalo mozzarella cheese is from that area . 
  wine , olives etc. 
  can you guarantee that none of them are toxic cancerous and whatever - i honestly do n't think you can . 
  and can you guarantee that they do n't secretely transfer it to a nicer area of italy to mix with the `` good '' cheese etc ? 
  from what i understand that is already happening . 
   4.6 % less . 
  no , i have a far more updated report actually , 10 - 20 %  as long as you act the way you act in your posts , you 'll only ever be seen as a well-off , privileged , entitled and most importantly naive brat who knows nothing about the economy . 
   in general , people tend to prefer getting bread on the table for their family .
