  sweden 's problems ( who is outside the euro ) is most definately different than those to finland now , because our currency is floating . 
  also , there are studies suggesting actually that sweden is benefitting from being outside ( compared to finland ) since we can actually run an economic policy that suits us , not germany . 
  and , finland has a good economy . 
  it is way , way worse for portugal and greece that are far to different to survive . 
  my advise is - leave . 
  also , i have understood that one of the most popular books in portugal advocates this , written by economists . 
  i agree with them . 
   you keep recycling the same things i have answered to 10 times already no , you have n't , or your economics skills are so bad that you honestly do not understand what you are writing . 
   lso , you 're making a claim here that france and germany could easily have saved their own banks with no problem . 
  this i did n't say it would n't create waves , i said it would be easier than supporting greece , + greece 's banks for the next 40 + years , and most certainly cheaper . 
  greece would not have had any banks were it not for the rest of the eu . 
  of course you complain . 
  the finns , the dutch , the estonians - well , they were just nice.not that you thank them , of course . 
   i 'm tired of you repeating the same stuff over and over . 
  that link just show that merkel sis n't want to pay off all your debt whyile keeping you in the euro . 
  smart women . 
  why the fuck should your debt be forgiven ? 
  i am fucking tired of you not answering my questions . 
  you are just answering the wrong questions all the time , and that tells me you do n't have any answers . 
   they all deserve it . 
  as i said before , the way it can be formally arranged for everyone is a fiscal union . 
  please do n't make me repeat myself . 
  read my comments carefully . 
  i have come to understood this before , but this * truly * highlights the fact that you have no fucking clue about basic economics . 
  first - how in god 's name are you going to `` formally '' arrange it with the imf , after all the african , south american countries etc have had their debts forgiven ? 
  you know that you take the majority of their recourses . 
  yet you speak of this magic union that will fix your debt to the imf . 
  who ? 
  second - just your comment `` they all deserve it '' proves that you might be as naive as you are ignorant of economics . 
  what you said is that all countries with debts , including belgium and italy should have their debt forgiven , just like greece , `` because all deserve it '' . 
  frankly , if belgium deserves it - why not the dutch ? 
  why not the germans and the finns ? 
  what make the belgians so worthy . 
  third , what you have failed to grasp in the basic of our economic system . 
  the base is interest rate , debt , and credit . 
  without it , our system does n't exist . 
  it is possible after wwiii that it will disappear , but at the moment it is not bloody likely . 
  saying that every country in the eurozone deserves a haircut is a naive as saying we all should have our own rainbow . 
  someone , then will either have take a loss , or someone else will have to pay for you . 
  with your extremely naive and ignorant comment `` we should all get it '' , you either mean a ) that someone else , like the uk , the fed , or perhaps the germans , will pay off all of the `` deserving countries '' debt , like greece , italy , belgium , spain , portugal , estonia , etc , out of the goodness of their heart , because , well , you deserve it . 
  b ) that someone else will accept losses . 
  you are assuming that the rest of the world are just so fond of greece , and all other `` deserving '' countries ( all of them ) in the eurozone , so , they , together with all the banks will accept the losses . 
  c ) all this , the cancelling of debt all over the world ( after the imf cancelling i suppose ) will magically be fixed by a `` financial union '' . 
  again . - with `` all '' i guess you mean every single country in the eurozone . 
  if not - specify which countries . 
  also , specify why these countries , why they deserve it and above all , who is going to pay for you . 
  honestly , do you really think the worlds biggest trading block will just cancel debt because it suits greece ? 
  you are talking about fundamentally changing the basic of economics as we know it , but the fact is that you know so little about economics that you do not even realise it . 
  seriously , i was glad it was the last post . 
  i did n't think it before , but i 've realised now how little you understand about economics . 
  i am sorry about that , because you do not seem unintelligent , but you must have missed that class . 
  honestly , i advice you to take some online `` economics 101 '' where you will realise just how naive it is to suggest that all of belgiums debt should be forgiven/paid off etc. 
  i ca n't quote you , i am on my phone , but i am sure you will know what i mean anyway . 
  no , the tax payers are not paying for their own reckless banks . 
  the exposure of for example finnish banks to greece was perhaps 1 % , and same for estonia who uses swedish banks . 
  also the countries who did have a huge exposure , mainly france and germany could easily have saved their own banks and did not have to pay for greece 's banks . 
  however - they did . 
  so , again , you are wrong . 
  no , a default and paying off less money is not necessary the same fucking thing . 
  you just want to pay off less debt not leave the euro . 
  however , you have failed to answer what makes greece so bloody special that * you * should receive debt forgiveness . 
  in light of the imf i ca n't think of a single african or south american/latin american country who does n't deserve it more . 
  so , enlighten me - why should you 'll receive debt forgiveness before all these countries ? 
  or , should all these countries receive debt forgiveness - and how are you going to go about this ? 
  furthermore - with regards to the eu , why should you receive debt forgiveness and not other countries ? 
  or are you saying that all countries receive debt forgiveness and how on earth are you going to go about that ? 
  or , should just the indebted ones ? 
  so , estonia should not receive it but you ? 
  they are poorer btw . 
  or belgium should n't but you should . 
  they have a debt of 120 % as do italy . 
  i have noticed that you refuse to answer this question but i will not forget . 
  i want a list of either why you deserve it instead of other countries , or a list of the countries who should receive it , and how you are going about it . 
  also - how much . 
  and - who should pay for your debts if you do not ? 
  also - you said you were forbidden a full default - i 'd like links for that . 
  yes , we have had their discussion before . 
  as evident of the weimar comparison ( and yes , i did read habermann ) . 
  if you want a full fiscal union in a democratic fashion as you say you do , you have to understand that even if the north were to support it ( which they do n't ) it would take decades . 
  and , given the fact that they do not , i think greece should consider a grexit . 
  also , there is also where the corruption comes in . 
  there are a lot of reason why i do not support a full fiscal union , but i am not fine with paying towards a country where i know the citizens pay far less than i do and have avoided for decades to do changes that were necessary , because it did n't suit them . 
  i think you should read up on economics . 
  the alternative to letting portugal/greece go is supporting them in a full fiscal union . 
  not only does that go completely against the maastricht treaty it also goes against the will of the people . 
  portugal/greece have lost their competitiveness and are trying to do what is called an `` internal devaluation '' , ie cutting cost to become more competitive . 
  that however in itself will not fix the problems - it will take decades . 
  compare it to another full fiscal union - a united germany . 
  the ( former ) ddr were not competitive , so of course they suffered from internal devaluation , loss of competitiveness and mass unemployment . 
  however , they had ( west ) germany to help them - which they did . 
  they made sure they had banks , paid off their debt , fixed the social issues like unemployment benefits , working schools , pensions etc , + of course massive investments . 
  it has been over 20 years and it still cost over 100 billion per year and to this date it has costed germany far more than a trillion . 
  perhaps they will be as competitive in 20-30 years ? 
  that is what is needed to save greece and portugal . 
  it goes against not only the maastricht treaty but also the will of the people . 
  do you really think a majority of the finns want to send 10 % of their gdp to portugal for example for the next 40 years ? 
  why should they ? 
  if you care about democracy , you should care about democratic legitimacy . 
  what you are suggesting is completely against the maastricht treaty . 
  at the very least , everyone should be allowed to vote about it .
