  is * in absentia * trials common in bulgaria ? 
  is there perhaps a reason behind it ? 
  i thought that terror attack was so weird . 
  it served no purpose other than killing israelis , but really worked against hizbollah dealing with the eu . 
  in general , sure but lung diseases for example ? 
  does anybody know of a study/several studies that links this to the overall health in the population ? 
  perhaps people in general want smart successful people as partners ... 
  to not bomb syria , does not make a country isolationistic ( if that is a word ) . 
  if so , quite a lot of counties are that , for example germany . 
  i would however never describe germany in that way . 
  wonder why finland drinks so much more beer than sweden ? 
  in sweden you pay as a non eu/non nordic citizen . 
  also , most undergraduate courses are in swedish . 
  plus you have to have proof that you can support yourself . 
  bitching is what makes us happy :-), 
  state paid healt care , not owned . 
  a lot is private . 
  i 'd like to find out if all of this is related to smoking , or if some of it can be traced back to pollution as well . 
  does anybody know ? 
  but , he is not a spy . 
  his politics is one thing and if you want to see people bend over , go for anna lindh and persson for example , as well as bildt . 
  but , i do not think they were spies , nor do i think bildt is . 
  haha . 
  seriously , about carl bildt - prove it . 
  you are sounding just like my uncle c , the difference is just that he goes on and on how sweden was ruined by the soviet spy palme . 
  i can understand if you do not like a politicians , most of them are n't really loveable . 
  but when it comes to sad accusations like the one you just did - prove it , or you are just as tired and sad as my uncle 's rantings . 
  i have never said everything should be based on hope , that is your false claim . 
  i said we should never underestimate hope . 
  you claim that i say things that i never have ( as evident when you claim i have said that everything should be hope based ) . 
  then you make wild leaps and attribute them to me too , as in the leap you make that we should all lie about our gdp . 
  completely idiotic of course and i have no idea how you come up with these straw men . 
  please stop making stuff up , be responsible for you own leaps and conclusions and stop attributing them to me . 
  we all know that the gdp can rise without necessary increasing the standards . 
  a classic example in economics is for example cutting down every single tree and selling them - it will raise the gdp in short term but probably be catastrophic in the long term . 
  however , that is not where the raise in uk 's gdp comes from , which i hope you are not implying . 
  so , apart from the fact that this will strengthen uk 's position to raise their gdp it will also for example lower the costs for the bank of england and people in the uk too . 
  that is a good thing which you seem to ignore . 
  also , you do not seem to understand that perception is a part of modern finances and modern economics . 
  not only , but some . 
  the uk can also back their rise in gdp with a backing up in orders to the industry btw . 
  you do not seem to understand , or perhaps i should i say that you as usual refuse to understand that optimism in the finances world is a good thing . 
  it will also spread outside of it and give people hope , a concept you deny . 
  that might translate to the guy who owns a small factory hiring more , aiming higher . 
  however , if you refuse to understand and be obtuse , be obtuse . 
  no , it is not only true if tax revenues rises , ( debt/gdp ) which sweden demonstrates . 
  however , you do get a lower gdp ratio anyway . 
  and better outcast which improves ratings , improves interest rates too btw . 
  and you are talking about happiness , which i have not spoken about . 
  so what you are saying is that gdp and growth in no way impact a countries economy and how citizens of the country live their lives ? 
   hope makes people buy stuff they do n't really need and invest in stuff they do n't understand . 
  no , that is the false belief that stuff makes you happy . 
  hope it what keeps us going when things are rough . 
  hope is what is there when everything else has failed . 
  hope makes people dream , and act after those dream, 
  lower debt , better ratings , better outlook and hope . 
  one should never underestimate hope . 
  there is an excellent ( and horrible ) book about what the belgians did to the kongolese people that i 'd recommend . 
  it is * king leopold 's ghost * by adam hochschild . 
  in short i guess it can best be described as genocide . 
  when ? 
  i read about it this year , did the papers write about is when major was pm ? 
  i am more interested in finding out what searches they made ( and who did them ) . 
  does n't british politicians have a certain fondness for oranges , ladies stockings , strangulation etc ? 
  not that it is wrong really , i just want to know if they have moved on to watermelons and leather stockings , or something completely new . 
  i fear that we over here are a bit behind and i just want to be up to date . 
  i have horrible pictures in my head right now of john major doing the dirty with a little help from his mistress edwina and some fruit . 
  was n't he just outed as one who had an affair while prime minister . 
  i am going to stop now and head over to the top ten at r/wtf . 
  i need to get the pictures out of my head . 
  ** sweden ** : well , if you ignore the hundreds of crime novels we seem to be producing at the moment ( i recommend \u00c5sa larsson btw if you like crime ) i would say we do have a few authors that one might find in english or german . 
  * [ the hundred year old man who climbed out the window and disappeared ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_hundred-year-old_man_who_climbed_out_the_window_and_disappeared ) * is light reading , but entertaining . 
  a famous ( in sweden at least ) writer is [ per olov enquist ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/per_olov_enquist ) . 
  i particularely recommend the book [ the visit of the royal physician ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/per_olov_enquist ) , a book that has also been made into a movie i belive ( with mads mikkelsen ) anither award winning author is [ steve sem sandberg ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/steve_sem-sandberg ) . 
  i recommend his book * the emperor of lies * . 
  if you are into the horror genre i like [ john ajvide lindqvist ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_ajvide_lindqvist ) and in particular his debutm [ let the right one in ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/let_the_right_one_in_%28novel%29 ) about vampires in a suburb of stockholm . 
  i also recommend carl johan vallgren 's book , * the horrific sufferings of the mind reading monster hercule barefoot * there are a lot of other author i can recommend , everything from light reading to serious ones , but it is hard to know if they are translated . 
  quite a few were actually , to my surprise . 
  and even more were translated to german . 
  i love books , and i love to read , so i 'll happily recommend swedish literature , just tell me what sort of books you like . 
  yes . 
  ca n't post links since i am on my phone now but you complained to some court about how we had our electricity prices arranged . 
  we had one price for the whole country which the danes did n't like , since it was more expensive for you , when you bought from us . 
  at the end of the day you forced around 4 million swedes i believe to pay more for their electricity . 
  at the same time the danes are spewing out co2 and refuse to build their own nuclear power plants . 
  your energy policy do not really impress me . 
  it actually harms me ( personally i am not paying more but the coal you release to the atmosphere harms me ) . 
  i really think you ought to rethink it . 
  not the court case , but the co2 you release into the atmosphere . 
  no , because the danes forced those in sk\u00e5ne to pay twice as much for electricity as before . 
  exactly !, 
  denmark has the ability to send far less co2 into the atmosphere and i think it is your responsibility to do just that . 
  i mean - windpower is good and all that but it does n't cover your needs , not at all . 
  you ca n't get the water power we have so why not go nuclear . 
  the climate is getting more and more messed up by the day and while nuclear certainly is n't the perfect solution it is better than coal . 
  plus , i would n't mind if our energy got cheaper , and those in sk\u00e5ne would love you . 
  they are very beautiful . 
  thank you latest ice age !, 
  however , we get the acid rain no matter what , so i 'd prefer it with less co2 . 
  i agree , then you would use far less coal than you are at the moment .
