   no driving without a driving license !, 
  no jumping in the water without knowing how to swim !, 
  no operating on people without surgical training !, 
   thank you captain obvious . 
  you should become a speech writer for our local buffoon geert wilders . 
  you sound exactly like him . 
   you clearly have no fucking clue what you are talking about . 
  what you are basically displaying here is a lack of understanding and a fear of the unknown . 
  the legal systems , police forces , and social safety nets of the west are more than capable of adapting to the challenges they face with this new group . 
  what ? 
  well , good then . 
  so you are saying that there are absolutely no problems with the romas ? 
  no problems in france , no in germany etc ? 
  good , then we can agree that the dutch takes all of them . 
  according to you , there is no problem i guess . 
  in sweden , we have huges problems , as in germany , where they have enormous problems with poor immigrants that is a burden on the welfare state . 
  but , then * you * get them all . 
  open your borders and take them all . 
  haha , you are such a looser . 
  you have absolutely no idea what you are talking about . 
  do you think there is an integration problem for a lack of trying ? 
  do you honestly thing that * you * have the solution to integrating the romas ? 
  what is it then ? 
  write it down , i want to see your solution . 
  what do you have , that the rest of europe does n't know ? 
  fucktard , you have no fucking clue what you are talking about . 
  do you honestly think you know more about this than the bulgarians ? 
  more than the romanians ? 
  go to romania then and fix it . 
  tell me , what * do * you know ? 
  fucking looser , you have no clue what you are talking about , but * please * , prove me wrong , we can agree that the dutch takes all the romas . 
  according to you , you can do it and your system can handle it . 
  ours ca n't , but i wo n't oppose to the dutch taking on millions of romas . 
  haha , it will be fun to watch . 
   building roads - as well and rails and docks - is not a bad thing . 
  there 's a very strong correlation between infrastructure expansions and economic growth . 
  you 're essentially increasing the physical space in which industry can exist and the bandwidth of the system through which they will transport their products . 
  so , portugal , greece and spain are experiencing economic growth at the moment ? 
  we have been building roads there for the last five years . 
  and , what is expansion worth if it is not sustainable . 
  no , it is n't about economics . 
  it is about the future of our planet . 
  you clearly do not understand , or even care . 
  it takes at least five years of living in sweden before that . 
  and he can not just move here , he can hardly claim asylum so he must have a job * before * he moves . 
  and , komvux has changed , it is not really for bettering your grades anymore , it is if you have no grades ( one of my many little cousins graduated with shitty grades this spring , and just because the situation is different , even his parents told him to leave it , and * not * get * any * grades , just a line in most of his certificate ) . 
  you ca n't go to komvux just because you want an a , or whatever grades they are dealing in at the moment . 
  i mean , heck , then i could go there and just read spanish because i want to , but i ca n't . 
  in sweden you can not go to school for free ( you pay for university + living expenses ) , plus that almost all bachelor courses are in swedish . 
  i know norway has free courses , but almost all of them are in norwegian and you have to prove that you can support yourself i believe . 
  we already say that too , we call you tjeckien . 
   i think it 's pretty significant because there 's no political will in the us to tackle climate change . 
  i am sorry , i do not understand - what is significant , ? 
  why is there no will ? 
   honestly , i 'm not sure what you 're suggesting . 
  i am suggesting that the us stop subsidising oil . 
  i am suggesting that the us starting to subsidise renewable resources , truly subsidise them . 
  that the us start with a co2 tax and raise the energy costs so that people will adjust to that , when they calculate the energy costs for the car , the house , etc. 
  there is no reason for the us to have so much higher carbon footprints compared to germany for example , yet they do . 
  that is just laziness . 
  i am suggesting that the us do not try to ruin the next climate meeting , do not make secret deals to fuck everything up and * sign * the next deal , and do n't work against a new deal . 
  i suggest that the us start drastically stop ruining the climate for * the world * which the us is doing at the moment . 
  if it was only for you , i 'd be fine , but climare change do not work that way , unfortunately . 
  however , that might not have a lot to do with natural gas , but some do . 
  hailing natural gas as a saviour is wrong , it might just be marginally less horrible . 
  stop subsidising it . 
  start using renewable resources . 
  it is better if the us do not do fracking and raise the prices instead , so the consumers had higher bills . 
   there 's no reason to pick one or the other , unless you 're trying to avoid the issues that come with fracking . 
  yes , one is the renewable and one is n't . 
  of course one picks the one who does n't ruin the climate . 
  even nuclear is better than fracking . 
  ch4 is also , as far as i am aware even more of a greenhouse gas than co2 . 
  i honestly do not understand really how it can lower anything . 
  not saying that your numbers are wrong , but i am saying that it must be used more efficiently or something . 
   unless you 're trying to avoid the issues that come with fracking most people i belive try to avoid earthquakes , that is a big issue . 
  it would be to me . 
  basically , methane is a strong greenhouse gas . 
  it is bad , it is much better to lower the energy use and go for renewable resources , or even nuclear plants . 
  no , they were convicted of hacking/computer break in . 
  it has n't said anywhere actually how they managed to get into her facebook but i assume she did n't leave it logged in if they are convicted of that . 
  also , in one of the articles i have read about this , it says that she was christmas shopping with a friend in gothenburg when `` all hell broke loose '' , so she was n't even in her town . 
  she is from varberg which is a about an hour ( correct me people from western sweden if i am wrong ) from g\u00f6teborg . 
  they were also sentenced for molestation , which might perhaps sound a bit strong in english , but i do n't know another translation . 
  i am not sure , the last one might affect their possibilities to work in schools etc , since you ca n't be sentenced for anything `` sexual '' or violent to do that . 
  what do you want to know ? 
  she had sent her ex a nude picture through facebook ( yes , i know , extremely stupid , but then again , she was/is a teenager ) the girls broke into her facebook , found it , and put it up . 
  they also changed her password , so she could n't go back in and delete it . 
  hundreds of people shared it , she says `` all hell broke loose '' , her mother phoned , her friends phoned , etc. 
  she felt her life was ruined ( she says so , i am not saying it is the case ) . 
  btw , she had around 2000 facebook friends . 
  edit : and stayed home from school for weeks ... 
  really , from padlocks ? 
  i thought they were perhaps misguidedly trying to clean up . 
  sigh , it really would be better if they stopped stealing . 
  it is hard to like someone when they steal everything that is not locked in , and some things that are . 
  we have that too . 
  i always assumed our were the most uneducated bunch in the western world , but maybe you are right after us . 
  our journalists are idiots . 
  i envy germany .
