  at least we are not adding and aiding climate change like you do . 
  no we are not . 
  it is voted against . 
  yes - nuclear has problems . 
  and coal and climate change does n't ? 
  in fact - they have more . 
  yet , germany willingly chooses emissions , coal and climate change . 
  and sweden and finland have storage for hundred of thousand of years - you just have n't wanted to solve it yet . 
  and it is rather idiotic in my mind to think what will happen 100 000 years in the future when it is evident that germany does n't give a shit what happens to their children or grandchildren . 
  if the germans did - why are they willingly choosing emissions ? 
  sigh - it has been more important to battle nuclear than to fight climate change . 
  otherwise one would use the best available technology . 
  are you kidding about the coal?prove me wrong then . 
  i 'd like scientific articles of course . 
  i can do that for you . 
  you claims about miscarriage etc is a ) anecdotal . 
  b ) cancer is calculated in the deaths . 
  it is evident , germany ignores climate change . 
  no * new * . 
  how can anyone in this day and age choose to close down nuclear over coal ? 
  you know when germany made that choice they might as well have said that they will not fight the climate change . 
  please - compare the emissions from coal and nuclear . 
  compare the yearly deaths and pollutions . 
  germany willingly chose emissions . 
  how is that fighting climate change ? 
  who makes that idiotic decision ? 
  yes , and you do know that 17000/year dies of nuclear and over 1 million if the coal they germany prefers . 
  and then i have n't even started about the climate change that germany chooses not to battle , but to add to . 
  that is science !, 
  yes it is . 
  the scientific evidence , the deaths and the pollution does n't support your standpoint . 
  more people die from coal than from nuclear . 
  you are just fear mongering . 
  it is clear that if the germans cared about the climate change they would not fight nuclear . 
  instead they battle nuclear . 
  it is madness but that is germany 's priorities . 
  then the consensus among german people is that they rather be battling nuclear than climate change because that is what they are doing . 
  we need to reduce the co2/co2 emissions now - not in 50 years . 
  and the germans knows that but they do not care - they would rather fight nuclear than try to fight climate change . 
  otherwise they would go for the best available technology . 
  and - one can invest in renewables * and * keep the nuclear ( hi sweden ) but one have to prioritise . 
  fight nuclear or fight climate change . 
  we all know what the germans picked . 
  better reasons than to fight climate change ? 
  and no - germany is not replacing its coal fast enough . 
  so instead if battling climate change , germany actually goes for coal ( which leads to far more death and pollution ) and battles nuclear . 
  that is idiotic . 
  climate changes are far more dangerous than nuclear . 
  why do n't germany understand that ? 
  but they are not succeeding are they ? 
  what is the quickest most efficient way to lower germany 's emissions ? 
  nuclear or the coal/renewable soup the are doing now ? 
  i think we both know the answer to that . 
  so - germany is not battling climate change . 
  if they were , they would try to lower their emissions more effectively . 
  yes , i believe this too . 
  a lot of people do that . 
  however , since the telegraph could write that the earth is round and the pro euro propagandists would claim it is anti euro propaganda since it is from the telegraph . 
  so my suggestion to op is to post the same article from reuters ( i 've seen it there too ) and maybe they can understand that it is a real and dangerous threat . 
  deflation is not fun . 
  is n't the eurovision expensive ? 
  why would anyone want to win it all the time ? 
  in particular a poor country ( and yes , i know sweden is obsessed with it but i do n't get it . 
  i do n't drink coffee either ) ? 
  i know , and i am not against it per se . 
  but the fact is , that germany instead of nuclear is using coal . 
  germany is not going green or fighting the climate change . 
  germany is fighting nuclear . 
  what is your definition of creationists ? 
  if we talk about the `` earth is 6000 years old '' then we have very few i belive , mostly some of those amercian/evangelical sects or something . 
  what does jehova 's witnesses believe btw ? 
  a few years ago there was several articles about a christian ( belonging to one of those christian sects ) who did n't believe in evolution - and who was a biology teacher . 
  from a school poit of view it was/is very simple though . 
  you can believe whatever you want in your spare time , but teaching that will get you fired and it is illegal . 
  as in for not believing in evolution - i guess [ muslims ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islamic_views_on_evolution ) - at least some of them . 
  i am also sure jehovas witnesses , and other christian sects believe it is all created by god and are not total in line with the evolution . 
  ** sweden ** around 13 % are pro euro as in want to have it . 
  about 80 % are against it and the rest are undecided . 
  as for eu - around 40 % are pro eu , 25 want to leave now and around 35 % are undecided . 
  i can give you links , but is your swedish up to it ? 
  unfortunately , for democracy , almost * all * political parties are pro euro and pro the eu . 
  i say unfortunate , because it is bad when there is a huge disparity between what people think and what the politicians do . 
  i must add though that apart from fp ( folkpartiet ) the major parties might officially be pro the euro , but most of them say that `` we follow the will of the people , who voted no '' ( in 2003 ) and we will not join until people vote yes . 
  then they can defend their former stance and not take one either . 
  however , several promintent politicians like anders borg ( minister of finance ) several social democrats etc have said that they are against sweden joining now , against it in its current form , do n't like the euro etc. 
  basically , joining the euro is so far from the reality that it is not even an issue , and it is a sure way to get voted away if you are a big party who tries to go for that . 
  but , if you are against the eu it is tougher . 
  the only two parties against it are sverige demokraterna ( sd ) and v\u00e4nsterpartiet ( v ) . 
  sd is one of those populistic parties one sees popping up everywhere , and v is the ( former at least that is what they sometimes claim ) communist party . 
  just because there is really no one to vote for in the eu elections apart from those if you do n't like the eu , or where it is heading , i predict that those two parties will do very well in our eu elections why people are against the eu ? 
  the cap , do n't like being told being run from brussel , giving our money away for nothing , eu spends money without getting anything for it , corruption in the eu , our money going to corrupt countries , independence , discrimination , the euro debacle , the euro in total , the handling of the crises , the lack of handling of the crises , the way eu runs thinkg , the structural funds , the way eu let anyone in , the way eu spends our money , the way it seems to be heading towards a federation , strasbourg - hundred of things , take your pick . 
  you do not hug people you do not know . 
  if one do not know them - handshake . 
  well , perhaps not always . 
  maybe not if you are sort of upper class and it is in the summer . 
  if you are going to someone in the winter/it is slushy if you are a female you take extra shoes with you if you are a female . 
  and fancy parties - you obviously do not remove your shoes if you come in a tux or a very nice dress or something . 
  i so want sweden to leave this . 
  the only thing it has accomplished is letting the danes who themselves refuse to build nuclear and this really lower their co2 emissions to buy nuclear energy from us and it has raised our energy costs ( also because of denmark ) . 
  it was extremely stupid of us to join .
