  you ca n't order someone to raise productivity . 
   some swede caused a bomb scare in copenhagen by leaving a science experiment with visible wires and metal in a car , parked out in public . 
  had no idea it was a swede . 
  it was an electric car , was n't it ? 
  still , out of the troijka , imf is the far least powerful , and they are the ones with their hands most tied behind their backs . 
  first of all , they have the least money , having to help poor countries all over the world , and , the european ones are certainly not the poorest . 
  second , they can hardly just all of a sudden sing a new song just because they are in europe . 
  have you , or any high statesman in europe ( spanish prime minister etc ) complained about the imf conditions before the euro crises ? 
  hardly . 
  perhaps the imf should change , but then it should most certainly start with the countries which have the harshest conditions , and that is not any of the european ones . 
  in fact , european countries got the best deals . 
  furhtermore , the real estate bubble have nothing to do with the imf . 
  so , if you want to fix spain , do n't blame or look at the imf . 
  the eurozone and spain have managed to get themselves into this mess , and they are both the ones to blame , and to get themselves out of it . 
  thanks . 
  i do n't find it harder to make a healthy meal than an unhealthy . 
  i mean , it is not harder to make an omelette with a salad , than pasta with cream sauce . 
  i think one just has to change ones mindset , so that that the `` fallback '' ( you know , `` what shall i make tonight '' ) receipes are healthy ones . 
  easier for me too , since i ca n't eat a lot of the unhealthy stuff , ca n't eat gluten . 
  cod with egg sauce and salad take top 20 minutes , and most of that time the cod is in the oven ( i am to lazy to boil it ) so one can to other things . 
  i eat a lot of salmon , salmon with roasted vegetables/sallad and some sort of youghurt/creme fraiche sauce is pretty standard in my household . 
  another common one is cod , with egg and butter sauce and potatoes/salad , and freshly grinded horseradish . 
  yes , for environmental causes , although i am sort of in between volunteer jobs now :-) . 
  why - i have always been interested in the environment . 
  and , i do it because i was a ) was asked to b ) looked for a group as well . 
  with that i mean that i volunteer in two places , in stockholm where i live ( where i am sort of in between volunteer jobs now ) and at out summer house , where i go down and work for an environmental group one or two weekends/year . 
  i guess it is also a volunteer job that i help a few girls with their homework every now and then . 
  a friend of mine volunteered to help a few girls once a week , and asked me to come by since i am better at science than she is , and they are becoming pretty good . 
  so i do that as well , every now and then , not every week though . 
  not all basque people are eta supporters . 
  one can support an independent basque country without supporting eta . 
  sweden could be doing better i suppose ( ca n't we always ) but we are certainly not in any crises mood . 
  our debt/gdp is below 40 % and on a yearly basis our economy has been growing , albeit slow . 
  i agree with you about italy ( and it is one of the many reasons i do not want deeper financial integration in the eu ) but i do not believe it is the answer for ireland . 
  and not the sole answer for spain , portugal . 
  so you are saying that the cause of the crises are mismanaged finances , not the incorrectly constructed euro who forced less productive countries into internal devaluation ? 
  a lot of people uses a bike in stockholm , uppsala etc , but you forget it is only for half the year . 
  you do not see as many ( very few ) in january , as in june . 
  also , it goes for a few cities , like lund , malm\u00f6 etc. 
  not at all as common in \u00d6rnsk\u00f6ldsvik , karlstad etc. 
  i have honestly never seen numbers like that for the whole of sweden , just for stockholm , gothenburg etc. 
  also , those numbers tend to be different depending on the season , it is really hard to ride a bike in the winter here . 
  i do n't think it is an accident that they left out sweden , finland , norway and the baltic states . 
  i do n't know if it does , but i do not see how none of the bankers , have faced any consequences , whether in the us or europe , of mismangement . 
  to top it off , they have managed to be bailed out , in europe at least , without smaller salaries and without paying collateral . 
  haha , it is ok , i 'll just think of 2006 instead . 
  ( now i have used up all my hockey knowledge ), 
  thanks . 
  so you beat us in 1995 in the world championships ? 
  then i see , i thought it had to do with 2003 ( i figured the finns were not to interested in us beating canada in1962 ) . 
  i really suck at sports related knowledge :-) . 
  perhaps , but doubt it , it get very icy there , sort of a combination of -5 to +5 and rain the whole time . 
   while not invaded , we were under foreign rule . 
  i understand that , but was it also so for finlandssvenskarna ? 
   den glider in etc i really suck at sport but when i googled it i got a reference to colorado springs 1962 , when we beat canada . 
  is that what you meant ? 
  edit : i think i got the reference . 
  it was when we beat you 6-5 in the world championships in 200x , was n't it , after you was winning with 5-0 before ? 
  i actually watched that games with a few finns . 
  i 've also met mats sundin , nicklas lidstr\u00f6m och peter forsberg , all very nice . 
  but i guess they are not overly liked by finns :-), 
  so do n't . 
  do we really need israel for anything trade related ? 
  better being beholden to the troijka ? 
  really . 
  why ? 
  it seems to me that the uk would have given a better deal . 
   federal system can be democratic and transparent can be being the operative word , but it is not like italy and spain has managed it . 
  so why would it be different now , when people voting for corrupt politicians , used to corrupt practices are in power . 
  if the italians and greeks wanted change , they would have changed before , but they keep voting for idiots , for decades . 
  they have choosen corruption , and they are doing it in every chance they get . 
  it is hardly going to change just because you give them more influence . 
  they are just going to vote so that berlusconi and his likes , not only have power over italy , but over us too . 
  no thanks . 
  you do not seem to understand , at all what you are suggesting . 
  a federal system mean , that we give up our sovereignity as states , sweden will cease to exist , and become the equalent of sachsen in germany . 
  and , which you continue to ignore , in a federal state - one pay at minimum 30 % of the taxes to the federal government , in this case the government led by the united states of europe . 
  you can not avoid that . 
  so , please answer this , because i notice you refuse to . 
  i will not give up , so answer them . 
  a ) is that what you want . 
  no more states but a united states of europe ? 
  yes , no b ) if yes , how are you going to accomplish that ? 
  how are you going to get the uk or sweden to give up their sovereignity ? 
  c ) you keep ignoring the fact that in a federal state a huge chunk is going to federal taxes . 
  are you saying it will not happen ( as in no federal government and taxes ) , or are you saying it will happen , but all the taxes will be used better than in sweden and the government will be better than the swedish one ? 
   you now have three choices : aaaaaah - you are frustrating . 
  i do not only have three choices . 
  ** those are the choices that influences 1 % of my countries gdp ** . 
  the rest we can decide over ourself , and i am saying we have done a decent job . 
  some other countries have not . 
  yes , we are influenced , to some extent by the law , but certainly not to degree you say . 
  why are you denying that we are a free state ? 
  why do you refuse to admit that ? 
   eu-wide health care coverage better than the swedish ? 
   there are countless little things little being the operative word . 
  also , everything you mentioned just matter if i want to move , or if i break my leg in poland . 
  these are unimportant things on a huge scale . 
  i asked , do you think the eu is better at environmental politics than the swedes ? 
  are the eu better at handling banks crises ( no btw ) ?
