  i am more likely to have phone or internet than an atm . 
  i mean , who does n't have access to any of that ? 
  to find an atm one has to be in a city , and cities have internet , and phones work there too . 
  but if i am in the countryside , there is no atm 's , but internet and phones . 
   does somalia has a big supply of jobless people ? 
  yes . 
   the greek government has reduced their salaries a 30 % already . 
  they can share the jobs and keep reducing the salaries . 
  no , they can not . 
  nor is that a defence for * decreasing * the productivity and * increasing * the costs like you want to . 
  it is just stupid to increase the costs for a bankrupt country . 
  it is also stupid to decrease the productivity for any country . 
   ok , i am excusing it with the high unemployment and the lack of other option for the fishermans . 
  it harsh saying things like stop fishing and become an unemployed . 
  how hard do you think it is for the starving africans you are stealing from ? 
  who the fuck defends that ? 
  it is also hard because you have been so extremely lazy with reducing your fishing fleet . 
  had you started to do it 20-30 years ago like everyone else , it would n't be so hard . 
  now you just sounds whiny , like when the greeks complain about actually paying taxes . 
  spain is lazy and a criminal when it comes to fishing . 
  defending laxy criminals - well , it says a lot about you . 
   even if only excused more than defended . 
  no , you defended . 
  you are ruining the oceans and stealing . 
  who defends that apart from a complete asshole ? 
  spain is a real asshole when it comes to fishing . 
  anyone who defends it is an asshole to . 
   maybe , why should they have 4 weeks of vacations and no 3 or 5 ? 
  i would like to know . 
  they ( as in the public servants ) has more than four . 
  you looked at the numbers for the legal minimum requirements . 
  i think they have 6 or so , and more over 50 . 
  the reason they should have less is that vacation is a cost . 
  why should estonians and kenyans pay for greeks vacation when they do n't even bother to pay their taxes ? 
   do you know that there are countries that fish more than spain from japan to norway ? 
  yes , and norway have one of the most sustainable fish industries in the world . 
  did you know that ? 
  nor do they fish illegaly . 
  nor do they steal the livelyhood for africans . 
  besides , how does that excuse your behaviour in any way ? 
  it is like saying that china is dumping toxic into the ocean so you can do it too ? 
  two wrongs does not make a right . 
  spain is an asshole when it comes to fishing . 
  defending it makes you an asshole . 
   i am not an economist , i only see something wrong in that the country with the highest unemployment is the one with the longest working hours . 
  i can tell you have not studied economy . 
  somalia has longer working hours , as do most african countries , but low productivity . 
  giving them more vacation as you want to do is stupid . 
  it a ) increases the cost for the greek state . 
  since the greek state can not pay , it means for example that the estonians will pay for it b ) it lowers the productivity , which is already extremely low . 
   this again ? 
  uintil spain stop being a fucking spoiled lazy child criminal when it comes to the oceans , i will complain . 
  i will never forget that you defend illegal fishing . 
  what sort of person does that . 
  are you a criminal too ? 
   the spanish fishing fleet was reduced by 24.5 percent between 2006 and 2012 , decreasing from 13,398 to 10,116 vessels . 
  the fleet 's gross tonnage also fell in this period by 19.96 percent , and its power -- measured in kilowatts -- dropped by 20.28 percent . 
  * everyones fishing fleets are shrinking * . 
  yours however are fishing far less than for example the swedish , canadian , british , irish etc. 
  we have fished 70 % of the fishes out of the sea and increased the fishing efficiency with 4 % year ( roughly ) since the 60 's , yet yours have only shrunk with 20 % . 
  where do you think you fish ? 
  ours have shrunk with 80 % , the danish with 50 . 
  you have also been reprimaned for not shrinking it faster . 
  why are you so lazy ? 
   sorry , i am still more concerned about my silly local problems . 
  so that gives you the right to take the livelehood from africans ? 
  your illegal fishing is starving them . 
  why do you do that on purpose ? 
  does that gives you the right to fish the fishes out of the oceans for the rest of the world ? 
  tell , me , what gave you that right ? 
  remember , also every single time you complain about unemployed spanish people , you are making african fishermen unemployed and starving them . 
  i 'll bring that up in the future . 
  you can not complain until you stop starving and making other people unemployed . 
  it is such a cruel thing to do , yet you defend it . 
  asshole . 
  the fact that you think you have the right ito starve and fish illegaly , and maintain a far bigger fleet thatn you should , is the spanish exceptionlism , right there . 
   estonians , imf , take your pick . 
  the only thing we know is that it will not be  why do n't remove all the vacations then ? 
  now you are being silly . 
  not surprising . 
  but sure . 
   and that 's not going to happen in our lifes unless there are changes that i do n't expect . 
  we keep doing the same but we are expecting different results . 
  * we * are not doing the same thing , greece is . 
  still low productivity , still not paying taxes , still corrupt . 
  perhaps they should work on that before they go on more vacation . 
   actually the americans worked 1 790 hours in 2012 . 
  i was referring to your comment about two week vacation . 
  but , why is it wrong if the greeks work a lot ? 
  the koreans , chinese etc work more . 
  why should the greeks work less when they are so unproductive . 
  the reason swedes , finns etc work less is because we can , because we have the finances for it . 
  the greeks do not . 
   yeah !, 
  you are putting words in my mouth that i did not say . 
  i said that i do n't care about that . 
  maybe it was harsh , but you reacted insulting me . 
  i stil think that you overreact a lot . 
  no , i am not . 
  you defended your fleet , your overbloated fleets illegal fishing !!!!,
