  if region x knows that no matter what they do , they will still receive money , why develop ? 
  they might even risk loosing the money , so obviously the make sure that they do n't . 
  that passivisation , refusal to develop , letting other fix things for you is a real problem in the aid world to third world countries ( some african economists have a real interesting take on it , read it ) and more and more are saying that the aid has to stop , or at the very least change . 
  it most definately seem to be the case in the eu . 
  that is also why it is * vital * that we have a time frame , and an evaluation . 
  for example - would n't we all be better off if we knew what went wrong in southern italy . 
  also , you might want to pay for them for the next 40 years , but i do not . 
  therefore , things have to change . 
  the eu is however doing nothing to change it . 
  why should they get my money when they ca n't even tell me what went wrong and how they are going to fix that ? 
  if my money goes to the eu i want them to present sensible projects , with goals , time frames , and evaluation . 
  i honestly do not think that is to much to ask , and i am chocked that so many people seem to hate it . 
  if they ca n't do that , they are not worthy of anyones money . 
  i am sad that you seem to think otherwise . 
  post it to / r/mapporn !, 
   if that is the goal the eu is probably doing something terribly wrong . 
  the rural development is not the cap , so yes they are unfortunately . 
  that is why i keep nagging about a goal , time frame and a plan . 
  the eu do n't want to grow dependent on international markets for food supplies . 
  there is a lot to say about the cap , but i agree with you that we need some sort of subsidies in case of war etc. 
  however , those subsidies does not have to be 44 % , and most certainly do not have to sponsor stuff like wine , tobacco , tulips and other idiotic stiff . 
  furthermore , they should be fair . 
   and it just seems these rural development subsidies go to places were a lot of agricultural activities are located becaue they are tailored incorrectly , of course . 
  i am not against giving money to the eu , but the money , and the projects have to have a goal , time fram , and evaluation . 
  i mean - when is area x going to be developed ? 
  what do we want with the infrastructural money spain receives ? 
  what is the goal ? 
  how many years until portugal is a net contributor ? 
  would n't we all love to see eu 's take on that ? 
   how is that more idiotic than meat or soy ? 
  they can be idiotic too , but at the very least , it can be argued that we need at least some meat ( and possibly soy , but i am not so sure about that ) for food security reason - the reason the cap should exist in my mind . 
  however , nobody needs tobacco , wine and tulips to survive - europe does n't need the `` security '' of tobacco in case of a war . 
  thus , we should n't subsidise it . 
   it is tailored so that the most incentive to cultivate goes to the most productive land . 
  no , not at all . 
  the french people for example , receive more money for * the exact same cow * than the swedes ( and i 'll happily write an essay about that for you , but it is really to long to take here ) even thought sweden is actually more expensive than france . 
  sometimes , right across the border , germans receive less than french people . 
  i 'll happily prove that too of course . 
  oh , talking about `` rural '' , as in rural development , you do know that all of sweden and finland are exception . 
  otherwise , considering our population density ( something like 19 and 13 people per square kilometer ) 2/3 of our country would be eligeble for `` rural development '' and drain the whole budget . 
  so , oddly enough , some areas in mainland europe that are rural receive money , but more rural areas in our countries does n't . 
  odd , is n't it ? 
   i 'm assuming you are talking about the erdf . 
  of course those funds are somewhat permanent : why ? 
  i ca n't see why rural italy have n't managed to develop in the same time south korea manage to be a rich , industrialised nation . 
  why make it permanent ? 
  furthermore - i am not against rural devlopment . 
  * but * if the same areas are still on the receiving end after 40 odd years the project most definately needs re-evaluation . 
  what you do is accepting that some areas are permanently behind - i refuse to do that . 
  i think that your viewpoint in that matter is wrong . 
   it might be more economically efficient to just let it 's inhabitant move to the next city and let it die , but economical efficiency is n't the only criterion to consider . 
  that is not the only alternative . 
  i also think that receiving permanent aid can be very dangerous , which is another reason why one should always have a time frame . 
  if area x knows that they will receive development money no matter what - why should they develop ? 
  they might even loose the money then . 
  that is a common problem among third world countries that receive aid and more and more economists are looking into it and saying that aid in many cases can do more harm than good . 
  i think it was a few years back several african economist went out and said `` stop the aid , it is harming us '' . 
  not all aid is bad of course , but it can make people passive . 
  therefore it is vital that one has a timeframe , a goal , and an evaluation . 
  if region x knew that they had 25 years , they would n't be so lazy , would they ? 
  i do not accept your fatalistic view of just paying the regions - forever . 
  i think that is wrong . 
  furthermore - what is so wrong with wanting to know the goals of the project , a timeframe , and an evaluation ? 
  would n't we all die to know just * when * the eu think poland can be a net contributor and why all those money poured into spanish infrastructure have gone ? 
  for me it is essential that someone who has my tax money does this . 
  i think it is weird that you , and apparently a lot of other people want it differently . 
   right now europe is n't built , it is just happening . 
  true words . 
  also , i am not against giving money to the eu , but i want those money in sensible projects with a goal , a time frame and an evaluation . 
  if they eu ca n't provide that , they are actually doing a really bad job and do n't deserve my money , or anyone elses for that matter . 
  i do not think that is to much to ask . 
   what about bike-train-bike combo ? 
  for some idiotic reason they do not allow this . 
  probably because to many would do it , i guess . 
  a lot of people take their bike , but i guess there 's a limit around 15-20 kilometers . 
  of course some people do more , ( heck , i knew a girl who ran that ) but the `` average '' person is not to fond of cycling 40 km a rainy october morning , as far as i know . 
  i also think it depends on how easy/hard it is is , i.e , how are the bicycling roads to your job . 
   stockholm has snow right ? 
  it becomes a bit more difficult to commute by bike ... 
  yes . 
  95 % of those who commute on their bikes , or uses it daily only do that april-october/november ( roughly ) . 
  some die hard fanatics changes tires and/or bikes and tries to ride their bike as well in the winter , but for most of the normal population that is to cold/dangerous/hard work ( you do not want to ride on a bike when the road is icy , it is so easy to fall , nor do you want to try to cycle through 10 cm of fresh snow ) with ice underneath for 10 km ) . 
   as for the cap , it should be removed altogether . 
  i actually , despite my hatred for the cap , disagree . 
  i think we need protection for food security reasons . 
  however , it should be uprooted from the ground , and re-done . 
  and none of that `` cap money to wines , tobacco , tulips and other idiotic stuff '' . 
  and - obviously not 44 % of the budget . 
   et here is less than half what farmers get on average in eu . 
  oddly enough , swedish farmers gets discriminated too , despite having more costs than the average eu farmer . 
  it is tailored so that the french people can get money from the germans , and it shows . 
   as for corruption , in my country it is almost exclusively corruption in my country , sweden , it is not corruption , it is just that many projects are , well , rather useless . 
  or , at least not worthy of eu money . 
  it seems to me that the eu does n't even attempt to evaluate the projects as long as one does n't steel money . 
  that is almost worse to me . 
  corruption - well at least in theory people can be charged etc. 
  but who do we charge for giving an italian village money for rural `` development '' for 40 years ? 
  i am not a fan of a more integrated eu , but whatever ones plans are for the eu , one has to agree that there has to be a goal , a plan and an evaluation . 
  i do not even understand how one can fail in something that basic lithuania - you still staying away from the euro are n't you ? 
  that is smart .
