  i hardly see them battling for gay marriages , women 's right and other stuff that are actually liberal . 
  seriously ? 
  the guy who fired the shots who were heard around the world ... ? 
  i believe i do not understand serbs very well . 
  who is the obvious swede ? 
  was n't gavrilo princip serb ? 
  is he liked ? 
  i ca n't come up with anyone either . 
  finns/danes/norwegians - who do you hate from sweden ( and hockey players do not count my finnish friends :-) ) ? 
  do germans hate him or johan ban\u00e9r ? 
  i think guy responsible for most deaths though must be alfred nobel . 
  sigh . 
  this is not true . 
  i 'll just copy and paste my answer from another thread that debunked this . 
   this is most likely not true , just like the former `` beating of a muslim woman because she wore a veil '' . 
  there are to many things that do not add up at all . 
  she has n't reported it to the police because she claims is to scared , but everyone who has access to google can find out who she is and where she lives within one second . 
  and , apparently our police are now in liason with the muslims . . only the foreign media has written about this . 
  either it is a giant super muslim conspiracy , or , the fact is that she do not want to meet a journalist face to face that can question her . 
  oh , and for the once who are very fond of conspiracies - some of our biggest newspaper are owned by a ( at least former ) jewish family and for example peter wolodarski , editor of the big newspaper dagens nyheter is jewish . 
  so , they have no reason to cover it up . 
  in fact , it would be gigantic news if it were true . 
  it is also extremely rare that women get beaten up like that , statistically it is an anomaly . 
  my guess is that she , just like the `` beaten because of the veil woman '' has someone who beats her up at home . 
  rather than admitting to that , it is easier to blame nameless youths/racists . 
  yes , we have a problem with the muslim population and the jews . 
  but , that does not mean that one should take every report as the literal truth without questioning it . 
  this is most likely not true , just like the former `` beating of a muslim woman because she wore a veil '' . 
  there are to many things that do not add up at all . 
  she has n't reported it to the police because she claims is to scared , but everyone who has access to google can find out who she is and where she lives within one second . 
  and , apparently our police are now in liason with the muslims . . only the foreign media has written about this . 
  either it is a giant super muslim conspiracy , or , the fact is that she do not want to meet a journalist face to face that can question her . 
  oh , and for the once who are very fond of conspiracies - some of our biggest newspaper are owned by a ( at least former ) jewish family and for example peter wolodarski , editor of the big newspaper dagens nyheter is jewish . 
  so , they have no reason to cover it up . 
  in fact , it would be gigantic news if it were true . 
  it is also extremely rare that women get beaten up like that , statistically it is an anomaly . 
  my guess is that she , just like the `` beaten because of the veil woman '' has someone who beats her up at home . 
  rather than admitting to that , it is easier to blame nameless youths/racists . 
  yes , we have a problem with the muslim population and the jews . 
  but , that does not mean that one should take every report as the literal truth without questioning it . 
  exactly - there will be no union , no federation in the near , or half near future . 
  so how is the ez even going to survive ? 
  i say as i said before . 
  us eurosceptics do n't have to do anything . 
  we can just stand back and see the federationists do one stupid move after another . 
  they are the ones ruining the eu and the euro , not us . 
   that man is my personal power-transvestative protoeuropea i still wish for him to start the transvestite brigade . 
  `` the first element of a successful attack is surprise . 
  and what could be more surprising than the 1st battallion transvestite brigade , airborne wing - parachuting into dangerous areas with fantastic makeup !, 
  and a fantastic gun . '', 
  because , they would see that the ** eurozone ** and its construction , is mainly to blame for the current situation . 
  and , if you know the cause , you also know the cure . 
  or , at least , one have the option to reject or accept the cure with open eyes . 
  it seems to me now that the ordinary citizen actually have very little clue about optimal currency unions ( and how the eurozone is basically the opposite of that ) and what it takes to be one . 
  nor do they understand the internal devalution or the sacrifices * everyone * would make to fix the current situation . 
  what more , the support non constructive policies , or even policies that are the opposite of helping . 
  nor do they understand how to change stuff . 
  and to go forward one need to change stuff . 
  i mean , i 've heard that sweden is the cause of the eurzone crises etc. 
  and you can be sure that people will blame us when the ftt fails . 
  i am not even saying what people should choose , but one need to understand where one is at the moment , why one is there , and what realistic options one have . 
  realism is always good in cases like this , although one can aspire towards great heights . 
  that realism will be important for the elections now in may for example . 
  and just like saying `` all immigrants - bad '' is far to simplistic , so is `` eu/eurozone - whatever , messed up/perfect - whatever '' , is equally stupid when people say . 
  the truth is that sometimes we do have to learn stuff , look them up and make informed deciscions . 
  people who ca n't even bother to know or understand the difference will most definately vote for the idiot who screams the loudest , not the one with the most realistic choices . 
  that is why i think it is important . 
  this is weird/different . 
  i am used to seeing people/square km , and this was odd . 
  not wrong , but odd and different . 
   yeah , but nobody is suggesting to take eu money to save the eurozone . 
  nobody is talking about making new treaties instead of working out of existing framework . 
  they 're just wrongly using the word because the distinction does n't change a fucking thing for them . 
  ahem , yes , people are , and even the eurozone is . 
  do you want links ? 
  here are some [ link 1 ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/german-report-new-greece-aid-package-could-come-from-eu-budget-a-917762.html ) . 
  [ link2 ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/financialcrisis/9811748/greece-needs-more-european-money-to-help-with-debts-says-imf.html ) . 
  [ link 3 ] 8http : / / www.opendemocracy.net/iannis-carras/structural-funds-and-crocodile-tears ) etc , etc . 
  sweden and the uk pay for that too you know . 
   nobody wants to steal your fucking money , we just do n't care enough to make the distinction , since there 's nothing we can do to affect it , and nothing it really does to affect us . 
  it does affect you . 
  if you want to fix the problems , that is . 
  if you do n't - well then you are right . 
   people not making that distinction does n't change your situation 1 bit . 
  you 're not paying 1 cent more because of people not making that distinction in the eurozone . 
  it simply is n't relevant to day-to-day life . 
  no , of course not . 
  less corrupt . 
  i think we can all agree that finland is less corrupt than italy for example . 
   why is it relevant in the sentence above ? 
  i do n't see how making that distinction does anything but make people aware there is in fact a distinction . 
  because it is extremely relevant . 
  with regards to taxes - a ) the eu would need a completely new treaty that we ( and the uk btw ) would block and 28 countries agreeing , and , even if it did pulled through , it would take * decades * . 
  the ez however can do it in some sort of loose coalition , as for example with the ftt . 
  it is rather important to understand how the eu works , and that is one of the basic principles . 
  the eu do n't tax people , and frankly , that should be general knowledge ( just like knowing the difference between eu and ez ) . 
  and , also , trust me , if they have n't understood the chaos it would be if the eu had to bail out instead of the ez , then they are a tad uneducated . 
  the reasons for the bailout is the behaviour of the eurozone , not the behaviour of the eu . 
  also , suggesting that poland , sweden and the uk should pay for the eurozones behaviour is rather rich . 
  not to mention , that it seems very , very corrupt to me to suggest to take * eu * money , to save the * eurozone * again , if they are so incompletent so they can not make that distinction , they should learn .
