  look at what happened in yellowstone when i t was reintroduced - several tropic cascades . 
  it is a what we in sweden call a key species . 
  just because a few hundred thousand hunters want to shoot more , we should n't eradicate a key species . 
  and - it is also wrong to say the hunters . 
  i know several hunters who think like me . 
  instead - say the uneducated one who care only about how much they get to shoot . 
  as for the farmers - a ) the sami needs to take their responsibility as well . 
  b ) most of them do n't even attempt to protect their sheep c ) they get paid for every animal the wolves take d ) so far at least 50 % of the `` wolf attacks '' have been by dogs . 
  he is also making it into a city/country issues which indicates that apparently only people in the countryside are allowed to a ) have an opinion a out the swedish fauna b ) know what they are talking about c ) only people in the city wants wolves ( not true btw ) d ) they country people always know better and that they are the only ones that hunt . 
  none of these assertions are correct . 
  for example - younger people everywhere are more positive to wolves than older people . 
  so-now i want to hear your arguments why one should hunt wolves in sweden . 
  please - do not hold back and in detail please . 
  all of sweden for example ? 
  not true , you are simplyfiing it enormously , to the point that you are actually wrong . 
  yes , and they are wrong . 
  first they came for the porn and i did not speak out ... . . 
  but it is hard to separate the person and the commissioner . 
  nor do i think he will be either impartial or welcoming to scotland/catalonia if it would come to that . 
  not when he runs around making statements like that . 
  i got mine the same day . 
  i just phoned them and the `` activated '' me . 
  it depends on the house and connection i guess , but maximum one or two days . 
  mobile internet - at the store . 
  but they are the trading partners of sweden , poland , the uk , eastern europe too , and they are growing . 
  well , if you dont ' know , you do n't know , i was just wondering what the prevailing theory was in denmark . 
  yes , but why are you stagnant ?? 
  i mean , sweden is n't exactly a booming economy , but it is growing . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.konj.se/758.html ) i mean , i know that some of finland 's problems are due to nokia , some are because of the euro - what is the cause of denmark 's problems ? 
  thanks , yes , but why ? 
  in sweden you have to pay for your studies ( they are only free for eu citizens ) , and while the masters might be in english , it depends . 
  and for work , you have to speak swedish . 
  i 'd say go to london . 
   it is the exact same thing legally and technologically , you are downloading a video file to your hard driv no , not according to swedish law . 
  streaming is n't illegal as far as i know . 
  why ? 
  our press might be free , but it is really bad . 
   yeah well true finns are just a bunch of trolls :p but they are right about the euro . 
   i mean even the center left and center-right are in a grand coalition in finland just to keep them out i am not a sannfinl\u00e4ndare-fan , but that would piss me off to no end . 
  if they have been elected , respect them like one would respect any other party and treat them as such . 
  grand coalitions is good when there are serious external threats , but using them in cases like this is bad . 
  it makes the politics/arguments/discussion lame , and just make a lot of people like me pissed off . 
  and - they are right about the euro . 
  why are n't the politicans listening to them then ? 
  i think sannfinl\u00e4ndarna beg to differ, 
  yes , it is not the sole reason , of course not . 
  but still the question remains - why are the finns in the euro if it slows them down and costs them not only money , but recovery too ? 
   also unlike most of the eurozone the swedish government has n't really cut government spending . 
  why would we ? 
  other nordic countries have those number as well , and we are doing better . 
  of course the euro is n't the only problem , but it is part of the problem . 
  as one can read here for example . 
  [ link 2 ] ( http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/11/27/the-euro-curse/?_php=true&amp;_type=blogs&amp;_r=0 ) . 
  if the euro costs more than they earn , why are the finns in it ? 
  haha , that is our prime minister . 
  he is in bit of trouble though , his numbers are n't looking so good . 
  the alternative is no straight sex , so i think i 'll continue taking the risk . 
  but to each his own . 
  the vagina can actually cramp up , so the penis get stuck , but usually it is just for a minute or two . 
  however , some people apparently have had to go to the hospital to be separated . 
  i guess the risk is worth it though ... ... 
  i have no idea , they just look like that . 
  to be honest , it is not better when they smile really . 
  no , they look like sad , ugly puppies ... [ link 1 ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-tpqa6yxg-do/ucj374xvdmi/aaaaaaaaeuo/bf-pcexy-am/s1600/fredrik+reinfeldt1.jpg ) and [ link 2 ] ( http://a.cdn-expressen.se/imagehandler.axd?guid=15447b79-c686-4d48-857e-1435ad246b5c&amp;imageformat=secondcolumn ) . 
   if he does n't get it back , i hope these relics find their way to a new collector , or a museum . 
  seriously , some people really fail to recognize the historical significans and beautiful craftsmanship put into old weapons . 
  i agree . 
  they are very beautiful . 
  we have a few , completely non workable , but old guns at home , and on the wall in out summer house . 
  i find them very beautiful . 
   i think a fine would be more appropriate . 
  normally that is what happens , but i think it depends on how many , and what sort of weapons . 
  i mean , we are not talking about one rifle , that someone left on the kitchen table after cleaning i guess . 
  well , it will be interesting to see what happens . 
   why would they even do this ? 
  it 's harassment . 
  probably , because according to the cop they did n't seem to be stored right . 
  should one be able to have weapons stored incorrectly ? 
   if it 's on a collectors lisence , the number of weapons should n't be a limit . 
  do some research before you go on an anti-gun tirade . 
  i have n't gone on an anti gun tirade . 
  and the police in the article said he had n't seen anything like it in his 26 years as an police officers , so it is definately outside the norm . 
  and how does a licence for guns give him right to have grenades etc ? 
  i have never heard of anyone having the right to store grenades . 
  my family hunt . 
  the normal is a licence for around 4-9 rifles , if you have a hunters license . 
  for guns one need to be in a club . 
   there 's as collector in norway who has gotten his entire house approved as a safe storage unit for firearms due to heavy doors , and alarms on all entrances . 
  we are not norway . 
  thank you . 
  that is a lot of positive people towards the euro compared to us . 
  danish politics seem to be a bit confusing at the monument . 
  do you think the current minority government will work ? 
  how many of the danes actually want the euro , and which parties are really pro euro ? 
  we have 13 % pro euro and folkpartiet ( which has around 8 % ) is the only ones who really wants it . 
  i doubt that . 
  i have never ever heard about anyone with that many licenses . 
  i think the standard licence is for 3-5 weapons - rifles . 
  if you need a gun license you need a special reason for that as well , like being in a shooting club ( and with rifles one hunts ) . 
  i think then it gets extended to 9 weapons , guns and rifles .
