  love killing sharks and whales ? 
  honestly , i am sorry , i ca n't even begin to comprehend how one works when one think one has the right to kill endagered species . 
  that a large part of the population supports it honestly makes me question the sanity of the maltese . 
  why do the maltese support the eradication of species and killing of endagered species ? 
  i honestly hope that the tourists catches on and stops going - that would be a pretty strong incentive . 
  i also know that the eu has complained . 
  i hope malta will be fined , it is unacceptable . 
  commissioner borg . 
  he is among other things , accused of wanting swedish match to bribe him, 
  thank you for the explanation it is so bizarre everything . 
  the parliament listening to the church , the church arguing about resurrection etc. 
  it seems to me like everybody needs to grow up and perhaps start caring about today 's problems instead - what about corruption in parole net and church perhaps :-) . 
  why would anyone be against cremation ? 
  why would the church hate that ? 
  i am sure they will love me , and that i will survive on reddit ( maybe not on malta though ) . 
  ok , thanks . 
  as an environmentalist i am very miffed about the birds . 
  my mother refused to go to malta because of it ( she was making a trip with her friends ) - she an ornithologist . 
  i refuse to , hoping it will harm the tourist trade . 
  i wish more people were aware of it . 
  i do think however that the eu dislike it to and hopefully they will start acting . 
  i mean - why kill endangered animals ? 
  it is so unnecessary and idiotic ( towards the hunter , not you ) in particular i hope that the brits will start campaigning about it and stop going , it would be brilliant . 
  thanks :-) . 
  good to hear about the divorces . 
  are you going to allow abortions ? 
  any debate ? 
  what do the people of malta think about the bird shootings ? 
  any debate there as well . 
  island state - capital valetta and they speak english and maltese conservative catholics - against abortions , divorces etc commissioner berg , under investigation and will be charged with ( i hope ) corruption . 
  very fond of shooting millions of birds ( including endangered birds ) every year . 
  refuse to stop . 
  the military order of the maltese or whatever it is called in english ( johanniterorden in swedish ) . 
  the whole population was awarded some super awesome medal ( st george 's cross or something similar - medals are not my strong suit ) for how they held out during wwii . 
  an ridiculous amount of bombs were dropped on malta , similar to the amount of bombs on london or something . 
   is it feasible to just say people should n't live there anymore ? 
  some places , yes . 
  or , if the place get flooded every year - are you prepared to move there , or own an insurance company that insures there ? 
  do you want to insure those places ? 
  the netherlands have probably built a lot better than most countries because you had to , from the beginning , and ( unlike bangladesh for example ) you can afford it . 
  however , it is also a question of money - how many billions are the taxpayers in the netherlands prepared to pay for the germans example , if they want to stay ? 
  for the hungarians ? 
  italians ? 
  at some point , if the places get to many , it is bette to leave , unfortunately . 
   they cost a lot , but they make the chance that flooding happens there very small . 
  the acceptable risk for the economical msot important area is 1 in every 10.000 years and the least important parts 1 to 2.000 years . 
  yes it costs a lot and that 's something a country has to decide if it 's worth it for them , but it can diminish the economical damages and the loss of life a lot . 
  is that with the climate changes , the new storms etc ? 
  how is the netherlands preparation for that ? 
  i am honestly interested , since i am an environmentalist :-) . 
   i went on a tangent there , sorry , but the point i 'm trying to make is that with precussions , the damage can be minimalized a lot by investing in it . 
  of course , and some more investements will happen . 
  some places will be saved , a lot will not . 
  it is not feasible to build banks along the whole donau and rhein for example . 
  my point however is that we , humans , have fucked up massively . 
  one ca n't expect most of europe ( who live around water for example ) to protect themselves against everything - we ca n't , nor can we afford it . 
  if we start with the flooding - what about the storms ? 
  and the forest fires ? 
  winter storms . 
  we will see more extreme weather , and i do think some places will be uninsurable ( like they already are in sweden and ireland for example ) and people will have to move . 
  do n't you believe that is reasonable with the new climate that we have now ? 
  romania is in the eu ... 
  exactly , and at some point the taxpayers are going to get tired of paying billions every year for people 's homes when they can live elsewhere . 
  sounds bad with ireland though i guess you are going to get more rain too . 
  i know the `` border '' is somewhere in northern germany - basically those places that already have a lot of rain is going to get more , the rest less ... 
  yes , but that will disturb the ecology , and while it might be a temporary solution to some of the problems right now it will not fix it forever , maybe not even for the next 50 years . 
  i also suspect that some of the rivers might become drier with less rain in southern and middle europe and a warmer climate . 
  however , the extreme circumstances will increase , not just rivers flooding but storms etc. 
  maybe the humans have to move ? 
  how much are people prepared to sacrifice and pay to live in some places ? 
  the fact is that humans have fucked up - majorly and we now have to face the consequences of that . 
  i know that there are places in sweden where the insurance companies do not want to insure houses in some places . 
  i expect it is the same in mainland europe . 
  i think 20 % of our population ( minimum ) goes around looking to be offended , and to blame it on someone else , it is never ever their fault . 
  i can see the headlines already in our version of the sun ( aftonbladet ) . 
  `` elsa did n't pick up after her dog , because it was dark/she had injured her back , she blablabla , she is so * offended * '' . 
  nevermind she broke the law , she is offended , thus she wins . 
  the worst thing is that is seems like the authorities/politicians/companies etc listens to people like that . 
  some sort of lowest common denominator , trying to cater to idiots or something . 
  it works though . 
  i am sure someone would get offended ... , it is sweden we are talking about . 
   seventy-six percent oppose use of public funds to support the bullfighting industry you do know that it means that 24 does ? 
   only 29 percent of the population support bullfighting ( just 13 percent support it `` strongly '' ) exactly !!!!, 
  i never said that a majority of the spaniards supported it , but * you * said ** that bullfighting was not supported at all by the spaniards and would stop immediately if there were no tourists , not spaniards would go ** . 
  how can you say that if 29 % still support it , where 13 % is strongly . 
  if you do not understand it - . 
  * it means that there are spaniards who support bullfighting around , whereas you said there were none * ! . 
  most likely those people also go to a bullfight now and then . 
   that 's because spanish politicians are bunch of despotic twats that want to force their ideas down everybodies throats . 
  they know better than anyone else . 
  and if someone disagrees with them , the others are worng . 
  i am sure you know more about that than i do , but to say that every single spanish person is against bullfighting and that it is only depending on tourists is wrong - a sizeable majority still likes it . 
  a minority sure , but a * spanish * minority , not tourists . 
  personally my spanish friends tells me it will die away within a generation . 
  the support for it seems to lessen , so i am sure they are right , but it is still allowed at the moment . 
   what they do n't realize is that their lack of respect for diversity is what eventually will break the country . 
  yes , both catalonia and basque wants to be independent as far as i know . 
  in the end i guess they will have to vote about it , just like scotland . 
  it will be interesting to see the outcome , that is for sure . 
  so , what you are saying , is that for example andalusia would stop it within a second if there were not tourists support ?
