  and , i imagine a lot of people feel like i do , so it is not as prioritized as it might be in countries where it is more crowded , so we do not bother really . 
  or , i guess we are just really lazy :-), 
  so , i guess the interesting question is if france , as promised , will start paying the fines one is supposed to pay then . 
  i am not sure it was in 2013 though , could be 2014 . 
   keep in mind that sweden also has a population of 9 million as opposed to britan which is standing at 62 million and a half . 
   over the course of 10 years that 's 4200 people . 
  shit , that 's still a long way from 250,000 . 
  yes , of course , but as you said , it is still a long way from 250 000 :-) . 
  is that man who wrote it perhaps a politician ? 
  also , it is easier to freeze to death in a swedish night of -20 , which i imagine is fairly uncommon in britain ( and we had last week in stockholm ) . 
  still , not very many homeless people die though actually , more elderly confused ones . 
  thanks :-d, 
  [ here ] ( http://www.historiska.se/historia/livsoden/birkaflickan/ ) she is . 
  there are pictures at the end of the article of how they made her face . 
  her name is disa ( she was named in a contest ) , an ancient nordic name . 
  `` dis '' is connected to the some female spirits/gods in norse religion . 
  thank you . 
  well , that sounds like a bit strange statistics to me . 
  it might as well be depression to lack of sun , more people killed in accidents due to it being slippery , people killed because it is dark and the cars do not see them , heat attack while shoveling snow , the regular influensa etc. 
  i tried to find the statistics for sweden , but i could n't . 
  i wonder how many people that actually froze to death though in the uk , since that really is what people are thinking about . 
  hmm , then more people would die each year in the nordic countries , germany etc. 
  it has more about how the laws are around housing , electricity etc. 
  i know in sweden for example you are not allowed to just turn off the electricity without letting the social services know , if there for example happens to be an elderly , frail , poor person there . 
  true , but do n't tell the russians . 
  true , it sounds smarter than my suggestion . 
  i had never heard of `` real '' dances with death before , that was interesting . 
  thank you . 
  and , as to answer your question , no , in sweden i have only seen it in painting . 
  ask over at r/historians , they might know . 
  exactly , it is an enormous number . 
  we have like 30-40 people each year ,, 
   well it just seems like a very hollywood-ized version , you know what i mean ? 
  true , but we are used to that . 
  i wish people in general , in sweden and elsewhere would learn a bit more about how other people now and the people who went before us , lived with their religion and how they perceived the world , and learn more about it . 
  the greeks did n't just have zeus as an old man on a mountain , and the aztecs did other thing but sacrificing humans . 
  likewise , i wish people would learn more about old norse religion , but then i think mostly about scandinavians , it is hardly the obligation of anyone else . 
  so , a general rant about how people perceive religion perhaps , but i am not in the slightest offended by a comic . 
  read it and enjoy !, 
   some 250,000 brits have died from the cold , and 10,000 from the heat . 
  has really 250 000 brits died from the cold ? 
  it is about a gazillion more than in sweden where a few dies every year . 
  mostly elderly people with dementia that goes for a walk , forget where they are and sit down never to wake up . 
  does anyone has a link to that study ? 
   far fewer scandinavians die in winter , because they have worked out how to defeat the cold : keep the heating on ; insulate houses . 
  it really is that simple . 
  true , i have never frozen as much indoors as when i have been in spain , the uk and portugal when it was ( comparably ) cold . 
  the houses are really built different . 
  on the other hand , i am sure that our houses are more expensive to build . 
  if they use less energy though , it can be worth it i suppose . 
  no , not in the slightest . 
  it is a comic , why would i be offended ? 
  sweden has no problems with germany as far as i know . 
  germany is ok in our book . 
  so , if one want to invade britain , one should do the opposite of russia , invade during the winter ? 
  preferably with snow cannons and stuff . 
  good thing they did n't figure it out back in the days . 
  hmm , one of the few times when the swedish army could be of any use perhaps ( not that we are really the invading kind any more ) . 
  we are fairly decent with cold . 
  what ? 
  i said `` it is * not * as if sweden has invented an antibiotics free pig '' . 
  we do not have a special race , we just * choose * to give less antibiotics , because we think it is better in the long run , for everybody . 
  when you asked about the pig , i thought you were joking . 
  honest question though - why do you use so much antibiotics ? 
  you do not need to . 
   the more antibiotic , the bigger and faster the mass build ( fattening of the animal ) . 
  scientists are n't even 100 % sure why . 
  personally i find that really scary . 
  well , then , another reason to stay away from `` foreign '' meat i guess :-) . 
   personally , i avoid them and have n't taken any kind of antibiotics since decades ago ... but i know people who take them for everything , from the flu to back pain . 
  even doctors prescribing them just to ease the people . 
  i agree . 
  doctors tend to be fairly strict here with antibiotics , that is why we do not have a lot of mrsa compared to a lot of other countries . 
   a big part of civilization can be eaten alive in a single generation . 
  crippled beyond recovery . 
  humans are extremely short sighted . 
  the majority of us do not care . 
  [ pigs in space ... ... ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ends_td0kig ), 
  i know , it is sad . 
  i just wonder if they truly need that much antibiotics . 
  since sweden does n't , and we are hardly a low cost country . 
  also , one would imagine that people would , at least when feeding their children , care not to feed them more antibiotics than necessary . 
  yes , but i guess that the danes mostly eat danish pigs . 
  do n't you prefer meat with less antibiotics in it ? 
  and , liberal use of medicine also makes it leak to the environment more , which affects it negatively . 
  does n't that bother you ? 
  also , i mean , just because other countries use more , does n't mean you are incapable of using less . 
  are you comparing yourself with the worst in the world ? 
  why ? 
  it it not as if sweden have invented an antibiotics free pig ? 
  do n't you prefer meat with less antibiotics ? 
  haha , we still have some snow and ice , but it is slowly melting away . 
  but , we also have a sun . 
  the day star !, 
  it really does exist !, 
  and , next week we will have tempartures above zero during the day !, 
  yes.give us three/four weeks and you will see people in t-shirts , skirts etc. 
  people are already starting to sit outside at the caf\u00e9s . 
  the sun - yes . 
   where is the line drawn in this divide ?
