  we have/had clean emission free energy - joining in with people who think coal is a brilliant solution is never smart . 
  do you have any '' \u00e4lv / fors '' without hydro power ? 
  do n't go to sweden then . 
  i mean , april is almost still winter up north and june is really when one starts hiking ( summer hiking ) end of june . 
  if one wants to hike in north of sweden , really choose winter or summer , but not spring . 
  it can be to much spring water to cross rivers , to much snow for hiking but to littl/slushy snow for skiing etc. 
  uk are not in the euro ... and i agree - fine everybody and do n't let italy and greece in . 
  that would have been better - would n't it ? 
  it does make sense . 
  as it is now all of the countries are saying that they do not care about the law and treaties ? 
  what sort of union is that ? 
  can we also just skip treaties we do n't like ? 
  yes , and all should pay of course . 
  no one apart from finland and estonia and latvia ( who have always followed the rules ) should get away . 
  i mean - one ca n't build a union , or anything if one only follows the rules sometimes when it is not to much of a bother . 
  if they are serious , they should act like it . 
  ? i do n't think i understand . 
  i was taking about the 60 % ratio of debt/gdp and the fact that countries who disobey should be punished/fined . 
  countries with over 60 % of debt/gdp ratio - that is/wasone of the criteria.hardly the case when the euro started for those three countries . 
  and btw - belgium should go don right now * or * pay fines . 
  why are n't they ? 
  does that mean you do not have to follow treaties you sign ? 
  true - forgot that one . 
  everybody knew that greece lied . 
  what more - the debt etc increased , something they should have bin fined and taken to task for . 
  and breaking a treaty because it is a bit difficult to reform ? 
  is that the example that the ez countries set ? 
  ca n't we all break treaties all the time then . 
  if sweden and the uk and denmark do not like payments to the eu and the cap but find it difficult to reform - can we just stop payments and following the cap ? 
  i mean - the ez countries have set a standard . 
  and they are * still * not following the treaty . 
  why are they allowed to break treaties but we are not ? 
  and - what does it says about the willingness and respect of the law in those countries ? 
  if germans respect the law and treaties - why not follow them ? 
  and - how can anyone expect to build anything when the majority of the countries think toilet paper have more value than treaties ? 
  if the ez counties are responsible and serious - why not follow them , apologise , throw out countries , fine and punish - * and renegotiate * . 
  is that is how the ez countries want to run things ? 
  anarchy - do what you want ? 
  how can they expect that to remotely work . 
  and - whole ducking arrogant is it to put themselves above the law ? 
  the fact that they have costed the world trillions - and the ez do not care , do not take responsibility and do not change - a union like that do not deserve to survive . 
  the disrespect for the law , for treaties , for decent behaviour , for suffering - it is appalling . 
  no i do not admit that i knew it btw - - but you are supposed to pay fines and have a steady decline - not just pause it . 
  and me here is the decline now ? 
  and what about all my other questions that you conveniently not answer . 
  not just italy and greece - but all of it ? 
  why does n't the ez follow the law ? 
  so good - it hasn ' been increasing and you have been paying the fines the years it has ? 
  or re - negotiated it ? 
  and that does n't agree with what you stated before - it sank until 2008 you said , thus says 2010 . 
  which is it ? 
  and what about greece , italy ? 
  have they followed it ? 
  why were they let in ? 
  and all the other countries that have n't follow it ? 
  how are you going to build a union when no one follows the law ? 
  if you are still not doing it - why should anyone trust the ez ? 
  does everyone get a treaty to ignore or is that just for ez countries and if so - why ? 
  why does n't anyone get punished or tossed out ? 
  and - * if you do not like the treaty - why not re - negotiate , not join , or leave * ? 
  why does n't the ez countries do that ? 
  should we all just ignore/disobey treaties we do not like - learning from the ez countries ? 
  it is not a story - it is the truth . 
  or are you saying that is n't a criteria ? 
  and that belgium is a good student that has followed the law ? 
  approaching the reference value ? 
  belgium has 110 % ( or is it 120 % ) and belgium has not been diminishing their debt to reach 60 % . 
  should n't they have hit 60 % by now then or paid the early fines which is agreed upon . 
  have you been paying it since 2008 ? 
  as should almost every country btw . 
  and why have n't you followed the treaty in the last six years ? 
  are n't you supposed to ? 
  and what about greece and italy ? 
  what gave the eurozone countries the right to just toss treaties out the windows ? 
  can all countries do that or is it just ez countries ? 
  and then - why are they so special . 
  in detail ? 
  or does everyone get a treaty to ignore , just pick one ? 
  can we pick the lisbon treaty to ignore ? 
  and why are they still ignoring treaties ? 
  why have n't the start to follow it , punish wrongdoers and actually toss out countries who does n't listen ? 
  or why not just pay the yearly fines they are supposed to pay ? 
  how is anything , in particular a currency union going to be built and sustained when they countries does n't even remotely attempt to follow the law ? 
  if you do not like treaties - * what stopped you from renegotiating them or quitting * ? 
  why did the ez countries just ignore them ? 
  is that how we should do in the eu ? 
  to be fair , none of the eurozone countries ( apart from maybe the baltic states and finland ) are even attempting to follow treaties they sign . 
  look at how they 've botched , ignored and slaughtered the growth and stability pact which has costed the eu and the world trillions - and they are still ignoring it . 
  britain might not like treaties , but the do attempt to follow them . 
  i think perhaps the ez should actually start to follow treaties before they argue with other countries about treaties i mean , they just ignore things they do n't like . 
  yes , i do n't know what you are doing in there . 
   it 's not exactly ongoing - the really bad dumpings were done decades ago , we are talking about them now because they 've only recently come to light . 
  so there is a working waste management in naples now ? 
  it is not what the articles says . 
  [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/naples_waste_management_issue ) it says it peaked in 2008 , which is fairly recent and it is not hard to find articles of the crises from this year - like this one . 
  [ link ] ( http://online.wsj.com/news/articles/sb10001424052702304465604579218014071052296 ) . 
  it does n't look like they have a working waste management to me . 
   sorry but that 's not true . 
  the local authorities are working frantically to map out the contaminated sites and when contamination is found all produce from the field is confiscated as a precaution . 
  i am sure individuals are working hard - but the waste issue is hardly solved yet , is it ?
