  * one need financial and politicial integration as well . 
  and that includes shared debt , permanent transfers , shared economics , shared welfare etc. 
  * one need a completely different ecb , with different rules . 
   the eurozone is falling into depression because the central bank refuses to increase the cash supply . 
  they are not allowed to . 
   ebts of certain countries are still at toxic levels , yes , and they should n't even have been let in the euro actually . 
   he eurozone crisis has just begun , and you have the ecb to thank for it . 
  i agree - the eurozone is heading into japan territory , but it is not the fault of the ecb although it is one of the players , obviously . 
  the euro as a whole is very badly constructed . 
  you just ca n't have monetary integration and no political and financial . 
  they would still have to change the treaty to do that , and the ecb rules . 
  that does n't change with the uk in our out of the ez . 
  as a finn - have the finns understood that the euro might not be the best of choices ? 
  but , as someone who vividly remembers the swedish euro vote of 2003 - yes it was known . 
  but people ignored it . 
  i remember not only my rabidly against the eu/euro uncle screaming against my rabidly pro eu/euro uncle at the family dinners ... but i remember facts !, 
  i remember really , really good economists - ( we can call them stefan de vylder for example ) saying that the euro does n't work because it is stupid . 
  i remember my cousin who is a doctor in economics being against it ( despite being to the right ) just because it would n't work !, 
  everyone knew it - in sweden . 
  and frankly , ( do not tell the danes/finns/norwegians ) - we are not that smart . 
  it is just logic . 
  the euro does n't work . 
  he actually look pretty normal . 
  i missed my brothers when i saw this . 
  not because they are military people , but two of the guys reminded me of them . 
  it does n't and did n't matter to the eurozone if you follow the rules of the growth and stability pact or not so just increasing the deficit does n't matter . 
  i mean , if the ez cared italy , belgium and greece would never have been let in in the first place ( their debt is to big ) not to mention that germany and france would quickly have been fined . 
  i think the only countries that have followed it in the ez is estonia , and maybe finland ( latvia perhaps ? ) . 
  it is like the eu - you do not have to do anything or follow any rules to join . 
  aha - then it would work . 
  thanks . 
  i understand - and there are also all those `` in betweeneers '' . 
  are n't there two types of archeologists/evolutionary biologists/paleontologists etc - those who want to split them ( hominids ) in several groups , and those who want them to be in one group ( splinters and ... ) it was a while since i read evolutionary biology , but i honestly never really grasped who was the first humans in europe ? 
  i know there was several waves out of africa , and * homo erectus * was one of them , and * homo sapiens * was `` the last one out '' . 
  but was * homo erectus * first in europe and did * erectus * then turn into * denisovian * and * homo neanderthalis * ? 
  if one had to name the first homo subspecies in europe - which would it be ? 
  very nice , very thin , very gay :-) . 
  what were they ? 
  were * heidelbergensis * in spain ? 
  how does that go with the fact that all of us blue eyed had one common ancestor from 6000-10000 years ago ? 
  [ link ] ( http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2008/01/080130170343.htm ) . 
  there are more than that , check the thread at r/videos . 
  we never did have `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' ... . . 
  himmlers child gudrun is one of the few children of well known nazis that actually turned out to be a nazi herself . 
  she works a lot for the organisation `` stille hilfe '' who helps old ss - members . 
  not that in itself is a nazi act , but the organisations has those leanings . 
  and , she always defends her father of course . 
  i have not heard about his two children he had with his secretary though , but i think i read that they did not want to be associated with him and just live quiet lives . 
  smart choice . 
  honestly , you sent me something like seven responses . 
  i get no clear overview , and it is a sentence here and there which i do n't really have a context to . 
  i am sorry , but it is to jumbled and i did ask you twice not to do that . 
  i am sorry , but if you send me seven different answers , i will not read it . 
  i asked you twice , for one answer , and you sent me seven . 
  that is just confusing . 
  if i were you i 'd ask over at r/askhistorians . 
  what ? 
  or worse ? 
  are you saying people are regularly getting killed for having the wrong opinion . 
  please - examples . 
  several of them . 
  furthermore - look at democracy index , freedom of the press index etc. 
  sweden are in the top of them . 
  please explain to me in detail why they are wrong . 
  if death as you claim was a regulate occurrence , that would hardly be the case . 
  you are lying and making stuff up . 
  and assaulted - have you got any idea what it is like in other countries ? 
  sigh - why ca n't you answer in one ? 
  it is a petty , half of the time you just have one sentence , here , one sentence there . 
  i am having a hard time following - is that on purpose , because i asked you not to do this . 
  and , you are still avoiding the elephant in the room , the badly constructed euro and the fact that we do not want to be a united states of europe . 
  anyway - so , since i ca n't really make anything out of a sentence here , a sentence there - good night . 
  please answer in one . 
  still - that is small stuff even the banking crises is small stuff compared to the disaster that is the euro . 
  you seem to have lost sight of that . 
  i am not taking about contagion - that might even be global . 
  but about eu bailing out/stopping etc - they have no power to do that . 
   the point is , what 's the finnish plan for when they find out that their banks were loaded with greek and italian bonds ? 
  let me guess : no plan whatsoever . 
  they were not loaded before . 
  in 2009 ( or 2008 ) their exposure were around 2 % , like the swedish banks . 
  and , they still are , at least nordea , which is swedish/finnish . 
  and , since the finns sacrificed 7 % of their gdp in the 90 's they will do it again . 
   58 % actually . 
  but then again , that 's exactly where cyprus ' soverign debt was the day before their economy collapsed . 
  and i really hope you are not comparing the cypriotic and the finnish economies . 
  so , are the finns in the streets in helsininki ok with paying for greek debt and pensions ? 
  doubt it - as i said - move away from the european parlament and the people there and talk to other people . 
  non eu people . 
   that was the attitude that the cypriots had ( before they realized that their econ consisted mostly of banks , and that their banks were holding tons of greek bonds ) . 
  where are the cypriots now ? 
  and we have the money to bail out our own banks . 
  we have before . 
  and no , no matter what , one does not give up a nations independence because of costly banks , which is what you are suggesting . 
  it is idiotic . 
  would america do that because of banks ? 
  i know , but what you are saying is that the finns with a debt of 40 % happily would join in with greece 's 170 % ... have you ever spoken about that with a finn ? 
  grab any finn of the street in helsinki , please , do n't take my word for it , go ahead . 
  first , it seems to me that you are mixing up ez and the eu . 
  the eu can not be united under one currency , countries have opt out .
