  probably . 
  it is like those people who think they seem sophisticated if they treat the waitress like shit . 
  so , where does the other 56 % comes from ? 
  are there no co2 emissions from there ? 
  what gives denmark the right to ruin the climate for the whole world btw ? 
   false dilemma . 
  no , it is n't  t 's the eternal argument of nucleophiles : `` it 's better than coal ! '', 
  yes , it is , and i have the science to prove it . 
  it is typical of people like you , nuclear haters , or as i like to call you - ** science deniers ** . 
  i always ask your type to prove me wring , with * facts * , you do not have any , thus all your `` arguments '' are invalid . 
  please , i am a sciencetist . 
  explain to me why the scientific articles were wrong ? 
  explain to me why people do not die from co2 emissions , like science says it does ? 
  explain to me why apparently * more * people die from nuclear radiation from nuclear power plants than from coal , each year and why the scientist lied and why they are wrong . 
  this is sensational you know - it goes agaist everything scientist know . 
  honestly - this will be * huge * news - huge !, 
  and , apparently , you alone know it , and you alone choose not to prove it . 
  does n't sounds very plausible to me . 
  it sounds like you make stuff up , and do not have any scientific support . 
  otherwise - it will be frontpage news , trust me . 
  you can not . 
  you refer to lies , like `` hidden costs '' and when i ask you to scientifically give me them , you have none . 
  so what you are saying is that there are hidden costs , but * no * scientific calculations , and no data of these mysterious hidden costs ? 
  hmm - then it sounds like the hidden costs only exists in your head . 
  or , do you think a true argument against nuclear is `` hidden costs that i have no proof of , nor have they been published anywhere '' . 
  it sounds like the arguments for homeopati , astrology etc - in other words , you have none . 
  so , again , explain why the science articles are wrong , and what the hidden costs are , with reference to scientific articles , or , your argument have as much validity as the arguments for homeopaty , in other words , none . 
  it is pathetic really . 
  you are trying to justify ruining the climate with arguments that has no validity outside of the mystery that is in your head . 
  or , prove me wrong . 
  i am dying to read the articles that says that nuclear kills more people than coal ... 
  yes , people have the right to withdraw from the eu and the maastricht treaty , but i have n't even seen anyone trying to stop a country from doing that , so i think your point is reduntant with regards to the maastricht treaty . 
  it seems to me that your point is more valid of a region is trying to leave another country ( like the catalan/spain , or england/uk ) and the bigger region fights against it and stop democracy . 
  i do not see how any of this applies with regards to the maastricht treaty , so perhaps you could explain exactly how it does . 
  furthermore , countries are always free to leave the eu . 
  it is not like the eu forces is going to march on stockholm for example if sweden were to leave ( and thus , withdrawing from the maastricht treaty ) . 
  yes and no . 
  yes , of course it is possible . 
  we should both within countries/unions and organisation be prepared to renegotiate , re-evalute and have open discussions about the laws , treaties and rules that govern us . 
  and , yes , of course the countries who has signed the maastricht treaty should do this as well . 
  no , because often when they say `` move beyond maastricht '' they mean ignore the laws that govern us . 
  that is absolutely wrong , and no way for any country or union to behave . 
  if one do not like the law , one just not ignore it or go against it , one debates it , talk about it and try to change it , hopefully for the better . 
  so , of course maastricht can be debated and changed . 
  however , it should be done the legal and proper way , with a new and negotiated treaties where all involved parties have a possibility to have their say , and vote about it . 
  anything else is blatant disregard of the law and of democracy . 
   4 % renewables , while still exporting a lot and practically halving their fossil fuel consumption in the last two years . 
  i 've seen worse . 
  so , where does the other 46 % comes from ? 
  please answer that ? 
  and , does denmark 's fossil fuel emissions - does that not ruin the climate ? 
  does that not contribute to climate change ? 
  and , i only have links in swedish , but they * do * import nuclear energy from sweden . 
   nuclear has too many hidden costs , both from the past and into the future . 
  i 'll reconsider when thorium , breeder or fusion go beyond the experimental stage and can present reliable lifecycle analysis . 
  prove that it is worse . 
  i have access to scientific journals of course . 
  how many people die each year from nuclear ? 
  how much does it contribute to climate change ? 
  here are a lot of links that says otherwise . 
  please prove all of them scientifically wrong . 
  [ link 1 ] ( http://www.newscientist.com/article/mg20928053.600-fossil-fuels-are-far-deadlier-than-nuclear-power.html#.uq9savssizw ) , [ link 2 ] ( https://sites.google.com/site/yarravalleyclimateactiongroup/pollution-deaths-from-fossil-fuel-based-power-plants ) , [ link ] ( http://blogs.ei.columbia.edu/2013/04/15/fossil-fuels-do-far-more-harm-than-nuclear-power/ ) and [ link 4 ] ( http://www.mnn.com/health/fitness-well-being/blogs/fossil-fuels-deadlier-than-nuclear-radiation ) . 
  also , i 'd like for you to scientifically explain the hidden costs and why they are * worse * which they have to be to reject the technology , than the effects of fossil fuels . 
  i am looking forward to those links . 
  and i have n't even begun to mention the consequences of climate change . 
  do you need links to that to ? 
  denmark * willingly * contributes to climate change , and have , for over 50 years , despite having the technology and the money to do something else . 
  they have taken the right to ruin the planet for me , for my children and grandchildren . 
  please explain why you think they have the right to do that , despite having the technology to do otherwise ? 
  we need to battle climate change . 
  denmark refuse to do so . 
  if they only fucked up denmark i 'd be ok , but they choose , every day , to ruin the climate for everyone . 
  they have been doing that for + 50 years . 
  it is despicable . 
  no , they do not . 
  they get extra energy from us and norway . 
  they use coal , only 30 % of their energy comes from wind . 
  the rest is co2 . 
  and , it is an active choice ( the emissions ) they have been fighting for , and pursuing , since the 60 's . 
  they have , repeatedly , said no to a technology that could lower their emissions and doggedly continued with spewing out co2 and ruining the climate for everyone , while fighting us on the nuclear , raising our prices and subsidising coal . 
  how is that friendly ? 
  i do n't think you can call lutfisk norwegian , i am pretty sure it is nordic , at least if you check wiki . 
  but if you want , according to norwegian wiki , it is first mentioned by a swede ... 
   the most simple answer is because there are more undeveloped regions in spain than the eu average and the primary sector is bigger than the eu average ( spain is now the 2nd biggest retriever of cap funds after france ) . 
  no , that is if you exclude eastern europe . 
  your regions are * not * more underdevloped , nor do you have a smaller gdp/capita than poland , bulgaria , romania etc. 
  so , no , you should be contributing . 
   italy has been a net contributor the las 50 years to the eu ( and predecessors ) however for this budget they are mostly neutral . 
  the italian economy has had the secon biggest fall in the last ten years after greece . 
  you ca n't blame missuse of eu funds or whatever with them . 
  cohesion funds are for countries that are having a hard time with the current . 
  structural funds are for undeveloped regions inside countries . 
  yes , it is their fault . 
  if you do n't fix your corrupt and non productive south and elect and re-elect berlusconi - do n't expect the eu to pick up the slack for you . 
  the people within the countries are the only one that can fix them , but the italians have consistently been failing to do so . 
  and , the rest of us who are not corrupt and pay our taxes have to pay for them . 
  so , they ca n't fuck up their country and expect us to pick up the slack - but that is what several regions in the south is doing . 
  that is wrong for so many reason . 
  a ) why the fuck should i pay for someone else 's willing failure , corruption etc. 
  b ) it has become like aid to africa - a monster who does n't actually help , but more counter productive .
