   everyone i talked to knows that this is true . 
  hmm - everyone * i * talk to do not agree with everyone * you * talk to . 
  that is why one has science . 
  do you have a study , or are you honestly expecting me to take the word of your friends as a fact ? 
   the problem probably is that austerity does n't mean the same for everybody . 
  true , what south seems to call austerity is honestly balancing the budget for us . 
  we 've had surplus , but according to the south the is very austere . 
  it honestly irritates me when someone calls a balanced budget for austere . 
  it makes me think they are extremely irresponsible with money . 
  no , a balanced budget is not austere , not at all . 
  then sweden have lived with austerity almost every year since 1998 or something . 
  so , if you call a balanced budget for austere , then someone , somewhere before you have overspent - a lot i assume . 
   however , i think that we can agree in calling austerity to apply cuts to the budget , firing public servants , selling public resources , and giving bailouts to the banks . 
  i think that it was the initial meaning . 
  hmm - sweden have had a lot of austerity then . 
  it has done us good . 
  honestly , if one has stupid banks , overbloated public sectors and a budget deficit , one needs to do that . 
  are you saying that greece should have a budget deficit , keep their public sector intact and keep all their public recourses ? 
  why then . 
  they have done this tactic for the last 40 years and it is disastrous , actually . 
  it is not austerity to balance a budget , not really . 
  however , i can understand that the greeks want some deficit to keep up some spending ( traditional economic stimulus ) and i agree with that . 
  i do n't agree with inefficiency though , so they should still reform the public sector . 
  nevermind that they actually promised that in the first bailout . 
  that irritates me to - why promise things that one does not do . 
  i makes me distrust them . 
  you can see it in the thread too - people are getting tired of them not doing what they said they would do . 
  honestly , greece need to change that aspect of their culture or whatever it is . 
  one underpromise and overdeliver , not the other way around . 
   i am saying that the governments are n't going to fix the problems . 
  who is then ? 
  the eu ? 
  it is not our responsibility to fix greece , honestly . 
  i am getting tired of everyone just blaming the government . 
  honestly , i asked this of the greek , and he did n't answer . 
  why are n't they blaming the corrupt uncle ? 
  the parents who did n't pay enough taxes etc. 
  you do not get to the level of corruptions and mismanagement without the population participating . 
  why not blame themselves . 
  they were happy when they did n't have to pay taxes like us idiots up north and did n't exactly complain about the lack of estate registry etc. 
  early retirement was nice for uncle x and since the neighbours brother worked as a tax man , they always got a discount , both at home and in the business . 
  and , the people have to stop * just * blaming the government , they have to deal with themselves too . 
  are they paying their taxes now ? 
  i mean , at the end of the day , the only one who can fix greece is the greeks . 
  it is not the eu 's responsibility . 
  i somewhat agree with you , but you do not seem to understand . 
  if we disagree on what the problems are , and the solutions ( and i can assure you , most everyone has their own idea ) - * we need to find a way to evalute it * . 
  if you say the problem is a and the solution a , i say the problem is b and the solution b , and rosanna dimarco says the problem is c and the solution c - we need to decide what the problem is and what to do . 
  most likely there are several things , but you seem so sure that * you * know and therefore everyone should do exactly as you say . 
  you have to grasp the fact that people do not agree with you , neither about the problem nor about the solution . 
  what makes you so sure that you have all the answers and the right solution ? 
  do you honestly do not understand that people might not agree with you about the cause , or the solutions . 
  why is that so damn hard to grasp for you - honestly . 
  i really like to know - why ca n't you understand that not everyone share your view ? 
  so , if you and i ( and rosanna dimarco , bj\u00f6rklund , \u00c5kesson och fridolin ) ca n't agree - we need to find a common ground to fix the school . 
  a common ground that is far more free from politics and history than anything else * is science * . 
  and , to fix it long term , it is better to do a proper evaluation , and get the right ( or close to ) answers , not answers where * you * think things , because the fact is , i , dimarco and bj\u00f6rklund might think different . 
  do n't you think that would be the smartest way ? 
   because my politicians are still hiring the leaders of the young party members in fake jobs and firing researchers . 
  so , do n't elect them , and charge them . 
   where you will apply austerity ? 
  do not know what you mean by that sentence . 
  btw , define austerity to me , what do you mean , exactly . 
  how many % etc is austerity to you ? 
  is it austerity to balance a budget ? 
   do you think that spain should apply austerity to the cern membership payments ? 
  because we are doing that . 
  do you think that spain should apply austerity to cancel research ? 
  do you think that we should apply austerity to education and put our kids crowded containers as school ? 
  where have i spoken about spain btw ? 
   do you think that we are going to fix our public administrations if you force us to do budget cuts ? 
  so , you are saying that greece does not do budget cuts for 40 years , and have an inefficient , bloated , public sector , and an huge illegal economy , a collapsed tax system and is extremely low on the corruption list . 
  * but * , we should keep all that , for * now * is not the time , let us keep the inefficient , the overbloated sector , let us not reform . 
  frankly , when they could reform they refused to , and now they , according to you , can not . 
  how convenient , then they never ever have to reform . 
   let 's just fix the old , already known , problems . 
  get the wheel turning . 
  real solutions . 
  you say that as if we all agree what the problems are , and the solutions . 
  in the real world , people do not - that is why we need science . 
  but what if we have a difference of opinion . 
  i 'd say the problems are at least 40 years old and did not come with private schools - * then we need to evaluate it * , because you might want to solve the problems with making all schools state schools , i by paying the teachers more and giving them better education . 
  so , what do we do then ? 
  toss a coin or * use science * . 
   but the people , who is becoming more and more poorer and angrier , only needs a cause . 
  i understand , or maybe i do n't , but i do understand that it is hard in greece , very hard . 
  but are you angry with your parents who did n't pay the taxes and with the uncle in the public sector ? 
  are you angry with the cousin who you know work in the `` black sector '' ( do n't know what you call it in english , the illegal one , which is rather big in greece , from what i have understood , between 20-30 % ) . 
  frankly , when a country has such bad finances , and is as corrupt as greece is it is not just `` the government '' . 
  it is a lot of other people too - but all i hear is the government , the police etc - what about the lazy neighbour and corrupt uncle . 
  that said , i know that the euro most certainly has contributed to the state greece is in which seems very bad indeed ( if it were depending on me , greece should have left years ago , but the greeks did n't want to , and i guess it is your choice ) . 
  the euro is a very badly designed currency indeed , which is making the greek recovery that much harder . 
  however , firing people from an overbloated sector does n't seem that bad to me , it needed to be done ages ago , i actually think it was part of the first bailout . 
  one of your ( many ) problems is that 40 years of reforms are crammed into a few years . 
  the alternative is to keep them , and that is not really a solution either , is it ? 
  yes , but it has to start somewhere . 
  for xx number of years greece has refused to reform it public sector and even to make it efficient . 
  and the greek public has benefitted from it too - everyone has an uncle who worked there , non existent tax collectors meant non existent tax payments etc. 
  and , frankly , if you have a overbloated and a corrupt public sector - you need to cut it . 
  if your government are cutting it the wrong way , i am sorry , but it is hardly the fault of the rest of the eu .
