  [ link that explains internal devaluation ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1q0k5x/barroso_germany_must_stablilize_the_eurozone/cd82wdn ) . 
   yet countries like yours no , we do not . 
  our finance minister has said that southern europe should quit the euro ( or he specifically said greece and spain , probably not about italy and i do not remember portugal ) . 
  i agree . 
   germany insist that the reforms must go on , reducing the budget even more , removing aids and public services , as if the greeks had to suffer like they had suffered . 
  there is an alternative , we should at least give it a chance . 
  the alternitive is permanent transfers . 
  how are you going to get those ? 
   let 's say that i have had a bad experience with a particular one in the last few years ? 
  control is taken away from the people on too many levels . 
  it is just part of the problem , though . 
  i guess in sweden you have good political institutions , so giving this away does not feel like much . 
  france feels like a banana republic in comparison . 
  but it is not the fault of the bank , it is due to the fact that the euro is a fucked up currency , no central bank in the world can fix that , even if it has sex with merkel and hollande on a daily basis . 
  ( and i do not like that picture ) . 
   i was trying to point out that there are some silly rules out there , in the sense that countries that ignored them ended up better than countries that tried to follow them ( spain adjusted heavily and ended up with budget surplus for a few years , at the cost of a huge loss of personal purchasing power ) all laws , nations , unions etc have silly rules . 
  that just means that one changes them through democratic measures , not that one ignores them . 
  furthermore , they are not all silly - had we followed the 60 % gdp rule , greece , italy and belgium would have been out . 
  at least for italy and greece , i think that would have been good . 
   those rules should be changed before it 's too late and we need two sets of rules . 
  well , they are not set in stone , so if all countries agree - then yes , rules should change . 
  what do you mean with two set of rules ? 
   who said anything about that merkel should change the maastricht treaty by herself , without letting other countries be involved ? 
  you did , and i quote . 
   but i have a feeling germany could . 
  that is what this whole article and this thread is about . 
  that germany should act !, 
  so stop distracting , with `` you ca n't change it '' , `` and thats against the law '' . 
  if merkel , hollande and co. want it , they could do it , and more and more politicians ( from the south ) are starting to demand it  explain , in detail please , why it is not possible to change the maastricht treaty or the ecb charta . 
  of course , i will after you answer my questions how it would be changed and what you will change !, 
  i have answered your questions , but you never answer mine . 
  and , you do know that all countries have to vote yes to a new treaty . 
  or are you saying that you do not need a yes from all countries in the eu ? 
  everyone apart from finland and estonia has broken the rules . 
  that does not make it ok . 
  i think everyone should follow them . 
  no , i said i wanted him to explain what he wanted to do . 
  that was the top comment . 
  i never said anything about breaking the law then . 
  how could i - he never specified what germany should do . 
  i said that in relation to other suggestions * in the thread * , like that the ecb should go for 5 % inflation . 
  * that * would be breaking the ecb rules , breaking the law . 
  or , as you suggested , that merkel * et al * should go ahead and change the maastricht treaty themselves . 
  that is also breaking the law , did n't you know that ? 
  honestly , you are attacking me but you do n't seem to know what you are talking about . 
  however , you refuse to answer my questions !, 
  please do that , or are you afraid to for some reason ? 
  explain , in detail please , how merkel and hollande could manange to change the maastrich treaty without letting the other countries be involved . 
  i am extremely curious how that would be done . 
  also , i would like to know what changes would be made by those countries then . 
  also , in detail please . 
   but i have a feeling germany could . 
  no , that is absolutely wrong , they can not . 
  the maastricht treaty has to be approved by * all * 28 countries in the union , and for starters , the uk ; sweden and denmark would definately say no . 
  even if we exclude that , you still have n't told me ` what * you wanted to change . 
  please do that . 
   stop distracting , with `` you ca n't change it '' , excuse me for informing me how the treaty works.are you honestly saying that you think that merkel could bypass the fact that it needs to be approved in 28 countries ? 
   if merkel , hollande and co. want it , they could do it . 
  no , not if they are democratic . 
  explain how , in detail please . 
   okay , then we should submit it for approval . 
  what 's the problem here ? 
  did anyone say we should n't ? 
  yes , mario draghi for example . 
  he went out and said they were going to defend italy . 
  i have a huge problem with that . 
   let me ask you a question : when someone in your country says `` the government should do y '' , do you immediately assume they mean it should be done without passing it through the parliament ? 
  because i am a realist . 
  honestly , i do * not * think we can rewrite the maastricht treaty in decades . 
  just to start negotiating about it , would take , let us say five years . 
  then i can inform you that sweden , denmark and the uk would say no , for starters . 
  and , do you honestly think that northern europe will vote yes for permanent transfer for the south ? 
  do you think the finns will say `` yes , i love those portugese people . 
  i will happily send 30 % of my gdp down south so we can make sure the italians get their pensions and portuguese their welfare while we cut back on ours ? '', 
  we have discussed this before . 
  one can not save the euro with half assed measures , and you know it . 
  so , a ) why are you even trying b ) do you honestly think we can get a new treaty who will work for higher inflation , paying off higher debt and more transfers south ? 
  do you belive anyone in the north would vote for that ? 
  so , when you write - we should have a new treaty , i can say , sure , but it will not happen ( i 'd vote no for one ) . 
  i can also write `` we should not spy on each other '' . 
  both have about just as big chance of happening . 
  so , do you honestly believe in a new treaty ? 
  well , first the ecb rules is not part of the maastricht treaty i believe , but ok honestly , do you really think you can change the maastricht treaty ? 
  would you mind telling me how you would change it ? 
  with other people here i have had a serious discussion but you just seem to be determined to be childish . 
  i think it is ok for example not to be aware of the inflation rules of the ecb , although i assumed you were aware of the fact that germany do not control it . 
  however , your behaviour afterwards have been appalling . 
  you have claimed that i interpret the rules wrong , despite the fact that you did n't even know that they existed before , nor do you even know how the ecb works . 
  why not just admit that you did n't know all the facts ? 
  instead , you have behaved like a child , marking words , starting to accuse me of stuff . 
  the only thing you have proven is that you are very ignorant about the euro , the ecb and very , very childish . 
   do n't see why the central bank should be independent . 
  you are kidding me , right ? 
  well , how about if i give you mugabe/zambia as an extreme example of a non independent bank ? 
  or , why not sweden in the 70 's . 
  due to our taxes , more and more companies moved , and producing became more and more expensive which raised the prices for swedish goods . 
  however , instead of dealing with the underlying issues , the government just devaluated the crown the whole time . 
  that made things cheaper for a while , but never dealt with the underlying issues . 
  cue to the massive swedish financial crises in the early 90 's with high unemployment , the krona lost 25 % * overnight * etc. 
  after that sweden decided - never again .
