  ! your overbloated fishing fleet that the spaniards have * refused * to cut down on , for decades are not only fishing illegaly . 
  you are also overfishing on your , and other people 's water . 
  you are destroying the livelyhoods for africans who are far poorer than you , and you are fishing the fishes out of the oceans . 
  the next generations will suffer because of your fishing fleet and the fact that spain is so fucking lazy that it has n't cut down on it for decades , despite being told so for the last three decades . 
  you defended that . 
  i despise you for that . 
  i can not fathom a person who would defend that . 
  a person who wants to ruin the oceans - how can that not be a despicable person . 
   where did i say this ? 
  well , they can not pay for themselves , they are getting bailouts and haircuts , so the fact that you want to give them more vacation when they ca n't pay for themselves at the moment means that someone else have to . 
  the estonians , imf , take your pick . 
  the only thing we know is that it will not be  because , i think that greece should reduce its working hours not increase them . 
  maybe , i am not expresing my ideas clearly . 
  but , that 's my opinion . 
  they can do that when they are productive and/or paying for themselves . 
  i do not give a flying fuck about what greece does when they are net payer to the eu , and are paying back on their loans etc. 
  they can have five hour weeks and vacation for wearing glasses then for all i care . 
  however , the greeks can not pay for themselves , and before they just borrowed , now they actually have to produce something and then other people have to pay . 
  so , until the moment they are solvent , they should work . 
  i have , unfortunately , read your comments , and all you are going on about is mixing apples with oranges , mixing public servants with none public servants and comparing countries who are paying for greece with greece , thinking it is horrible if the greeks work like the americans . 
  i am not surprised however . 
  you really belive in the exceptionalism of the south . 
  according to you spain has the right to fish on any water , not following the law , destroying the livelyhood for poor africans , fish illegaly and ruining the oceans for future generations . 
  the fact that you think everyone else should pay for greece does not surprise me one bit . 
  so , good thing they are removing the vacation then . 
  why did n't you say so from the beginning . 
  you are not answering the question - again . 
  should there be a special vacation for computers , yes or no !!!!!, 
   their salary have been reduced a 30 % in the last five years . 
  a 10 % this year . 
  so - does that mean that they should get a vacation that * makes no sense * . 
  you are mixing apple and oranges . 
  ** and you are still not answering the question , god dammit ** why are you such a coward ? 
  why ca n't you answer the question with a straight yes and no . 
  do that now !, 
  ** should the greeks get vacation for working in front of a computer . 
  yes/no ** i will not answer any other things until you stop being a coward and says either yes , greeks should , unlike any other country , get extra vacation for working with a computer or no , they should not . 
  furhtermore - it is a black and white issue . 
  because either you give them vacation for working with a computer and pay for it , or you do n't . 
  therefore - should the greeks get vacation for working with a computer !, 
  ** yes or no * . 
  stop being a coward . 
  answer it . 
  i can pay my bills via my phone or online . 
  why would i pay them via the atm ? 
  yes , think so . 
  i do n't live in malm\u00f6 , but roseng\u00e5rd ( the area in which this occured ) is well known for this . 
  they have been hurting ambulance workers too . 
  so , amazingly , the greek public administration are so productive due to their computers that they can have more vacation than for example the dutch or the finns ? 
  ffs - stop making stuff up . 
  one has computers to keep up with the world , not to get more vacation and greeks public servants have one of the lowest productivity in the oecd . 
  so , your theory does n't hold . 
  so , neither have they increased their productivity since they are significantly lower , nor is the reason to get a computer that they should get more vacation . 
  you are just making stuff up that has no base in reality . 
  and the context that the law was written was idiotic from the beginning . 
  the reason one needed breaks are for eyes and health , as in tense shoulders . 
  one does n't cure that with an extra week of vacation . 
  in addition , do you think the greeks state can afford to have more vacation than the finns for example ? 
  why ? 
  in particular when the finns give them money ? 
  how are the greeks states finances so good that they can afford this ? 
  and , you conveniently forget that this does increase the productivity . 
  lower cost plus more work does that . 
  it is simple math . 
  and i do not see what private companies has to do with it . 
  you keep straying from the subject . 
  do you think the greeks should get an extra week vacation ( in comparison to everyone else ) . 
  answer this now , or are you to much of a coward - you refuse to . 
  yes or no !, 
  why should they get it if yes ? 
  why is it harder for greeks to work in front of a computer than for estonians ? 
  explain in detail . 
  the best is not to have low productivity . 
  do you honestly think it is a good idea to have extra vacation for working with computers ? 
  is that a good thing in your world ? 
  yes or no ? 
  well , they are at least going to work one more week , and the state is not paying for their vacation . 
  that is addressing the problem of productivity actually . 
  it has to go up with more work and less expenses . 
  not solving it , mind you , but increasing it . 
  is n't that good ? 
  that law might have made sense in the 19th century but keeping it is really idiotic . 
  how come they have kept it for so long ? 
  just because spain did the same idiotic thing does n't mean it is not idiotic . 
  how in god 's name can you defend an extra week of vacation for working with computers . 
  do you honestly think they should keep it . ? 
  is that your opinion ? 
  greece should pay for people working with computers ? 
  no , it will not solve all of greece 's problems , of course not . 
  no one has said that , which you seem to claim . 
  mind you , you are the only one in this thread that claims that . 
  of course greece need a multitude of stuff . 
  however , there is absolutely no reason for greece to keep idiotic costly stuff , and i ca n't believe you are defending it . 
  well , since the greek public servants have very low productivity maybe they should work more . 
  furthermore , do n't you understand that ridiculous stuff like vacation for working with a computer , pension for unwed women etc is a an extra cost for a society that can ill afford it . 
  no , not that i 've heard about apart from the fact that they are for the moment being accompanied by guard . 
  no reason . 
  the neighbourhood is one with lot of immigrants , high unemployment etc - i am sure you know the story . 
  oh , i thought you had caught them . 
  is n't it better to wait than to have a trial in absentia ?
