   as in `` interesting times '' ? 
  yes , exactly , i believe a small euro , between similar countries might work ( germany , austria finland for example ) and one has to follow the treaty or re-write it . 
  this euro simply does n't work in its current form . 
  maybe we can try again in 50 years ... ps . 
  i like you too , it is fun exchanging ideas . 
  i am just more pessimistic/realistic , and do n't really believe in the euro . 
  the problem is , the euro is making it very easy for me to attack it . . 
  change of the treaty ? 
  they can not do that without approval of all the states who has signed the maastricht treaty . 
  i guess , if the eurozone want to make a new little club , they might be able to , but that would mean that they were willing to . 
  i doubt it . 
  the problems is that a lot of things are affecting the bees , not just the pesticidees , but the mites , etc. 
  - you are correct . 
  that however , does n't mean that the pesticide is n't bad , it just means that the bees have a lot more to fight against . 
  it is like the pollution of the ocean , one can always point to ten reasons at least why the coral reeefs are dying , not just one . 
  and - that is a huge part of the problem in todays fights about environemental issues - it is hard to say `` you produce and spread a , therefore b and c will happen '' . 
  the problem is much more compex . 
  a , b , c , d , f , and h are all contributors to x , y and z. 
  it would be easy if all the environemental problems were linear , but they are not . 
  however , that does n't mean that there is a significant correlation between the pesticides and the dying of the bees . 
  there is . 
  they are just trying to dilute the issues and remove the responsibility . 
  their pesticides should be banned . 
  who knew - pesticides kills insects . 
  is n't it easier to write out the countries that are doing well ? 
   that 's not a new idea . 
  the wikipedia article on the eu debt crisis links this and this and some more ( sources start at around 400 ) . 
  i know . 
  thank you for the articles . 
  however , i do not understand why the authors thinks germany will be the only country who leaves , if it does . 
  once germany leaves , i am having a hard time seeing finland stay , or the netherlands . 
  then the euro will soon consists of giips countries , not really that great of an idea ... one important thing however that i think he glosses over is the lack of competiveness in the giips countries , how it has sunk , drastically . 
  and , how it is not going to get better unless they get massive transfers . 
  the eurobonds is not going to solve that . 
  and , that it takes decades for the competitive industry to be built . 
  so , eurobonds and permanent transfers for the next 25 years - no one will vote for that , ever . 
   at this point , i think it is unavoidable and only a matter of time ( maybe after the elections in september ? ) . 
  what is unavoidable ? 
  the break up ? 
   how do we avoid this from happening again ? 
  well , at first one has to re-write the maastrich treaty ( not that it is going to happen ) . 
  one of the big reasons for the current situation is that we have a currency union , but not a banking union , nor do we have transfers to `` even out '' the differences . 
  it is economics 101 that it will not work , unfortunately . 
  i look at the treaty and really wonder - how could they have been so stupid - all of them . 
  however - the maastricht treaty will not get re-done , since the north would and will vote no , no and no again . 
  so , they have to break up i guess . 
   while at this point , it may not be important why some countries need help , if there are excesses again ( there have been some . 
  i am not saying everybody `` south '' is evil and lazy and whatnot . 
  ) , the proverbial is gon na hit the cooling device . 
  i think the shit is hitting the fan :-) , i am just wondering which country will be the first . 
  i used to think greece , portugal , but now i am more leaning towards a norther country abandoning the euro . 
  and then it will be catastrophic . 
  however , i see it as a boil than needs to be lanced , better sooner than later , it is not getting easier . 
   especially like his 60 % cutoff idea . 
  that might help towards the above mentioned guarantee . 
  i do n't believe in it , and if i do not , you can bet that a lot of other people do n't , so you are right , it is a herculean task selling it . 
  after reading your answer , i sat and tried to think what would convince me to a ) believe in the euro b ) be willing to transfer huge amount south and pay off other countries debt ( i know , we are not in the ez , thought experiment ) . 
  unfortunately , nothing really could convince me . 
  however it flies , even if they were to remake the maastrich treaty , i am still convinced just more of my money will end up south . 
  that is the problem , no matter how he sells it , that is the result , and it ca n't be overlooked . 
  personally , i am also extremely against it because of the rulebreaking that is not stopping - nothing lasting can be built upon treating treaties like toilet paper , and the enormous democratic deficit . 
  personally i think it was best if the giips countries quit and quickly became competitive again - i hope that will happen , they are most certainly not in a fun place ... however , germany leaving will certainly be interesting . 
   he also correctly remarks that germany did not want to be a `` leader '' . 
  true , honestly , france is not even attempting to do anything at the moment , they are paralysed . 
  i completely agree with soros there - one way or another they have to act , and the choice , is of course , theirs . 
   the hitler mustaches around the `` south '' tell you exactly why . 
  yes , it is rather unfair , but they are not really in a happy place right now . . 
  i do think it is a bit refreshing reading from someone who is at least attempting to solve the crises , and discuss some of the underlying issues . 
  far to often it is just short snippets of how the banks fail etc. 
  it was a very interesting read , thank you . 
  i found it interesting that he suggested that germany should leave the euro . 
  i have been starting to wonder if the break up is going to come from the north myself . 
  however , i hardly think finland and the netherlands is going to stick around if they leave , but maybe someone from sf or nl could correct me . 
  estonia ? 
  i do not think the germans are going to support the eurobonds and the debt pooling , so something got to give . 
  perhaps it will be the north ? 
  as i understand it , just the butter . 
   it 's not surprising that nobody feels enthusiastic about expanding this model to the european level , at least not to me . 
  i think it is totally understandable . 
  in fact , one of the problems with the eurocrisis is that it is easy to understand both sides , both the south and the north . 
  however - while it might be understandable that you do not want to repeat it , it does n't help one bit . 
  the germans have to make a deciscion , one way or another , that is what i mean . 
  economics says that this can not go on forever , so at some point you have to say no , completely , and let banks and countries fall , or actually give up your independence and pay off greece 's debt for the next thirty years . 
  i mean , you said there is biterness on both sides of the mauer . 
  how much bitterness do you think it would have been if there had n't been a single transfer ? 
  so , i am not saying what deciscion you should make , but i am saying that you have to make one , soon . 
  for everyone 's sake , yours included . 
   steinbr\u00fcck , gabriel and the spd do n't just know that you need a fiscal union to have a monetary union , they 've gone a step further and claim that we 're basically already in one because germany is already indirectly liable through the existing mechanisms and ecb policy , or at least i remember reading something to that effect . 
  well , they are right . 
  it has to do with the banking system , and how you guarantee money . 
  i have read that too , in several different places . 
  one book that comes to mind that discussed that issue was the book `` eurokrisen '' ( the euro crises ) by a professor of economics , stefan de vylders . 
  very good . 
  unfortunately i think it is only in swedish . 
  i do not remember the exact numbers , but the numbers are massive . 
  as in , enormous , massive , superduper big . 
   they 're afraid that , if they show any kind of ` mercy ' , the greeks et al. 
  will get back into the hammock and keep on doing what they did before which is what they think got them into this situation to begin with . 
  only partly . 
  obviously , the greek finances were shitty , they borrowed to much etc , but that is not the sole reason .
