  another very rational option is for the less competitive countries to leave the euro . 
  thanks . 
  one learn something new everyday . 
  thank god ( pun intended ) that i am an atheist and do n't have to take those things into account apart from a literary viewpoint . 
  imagine if that shattered my world view . 
  yes , and it goes against the rules of the ecb actually . 
  is n't the sword carrying when he comes back again , at the end of world/time ? 
  nothing about them carrying it . 
  i remember him forgiving people and riding donkeys . 
  and , he created the original 5:2 diet when he fed five thousand people with five breads and two fishes :-) . 
  nevermind , i am sure those hateful nutters can take any phrase and twist it into something hateful . 
  religious people are really a class of their own sometimes . 
  a tighter fiscal union requires huge permanent transfers , and a changed treaty . 
  a changed treaty requires 28 states to agree and the population in the richer states to say - `` yes , i want to send more money to poorer states , forever . 
  i also want to hand over more of my tax money to the eu '' . 
  i do not see that happening in the near future . 
  i think one should only be allowed to call oneself a christian if one actually tried to practise what jesus preached . 
  the hippie stuff about loving your enemy , turning the other cheek and all that . 
  you know , everything that the protesters are not doing, 
  well , it is the same for us . 
  what do you farm ? 
  then it is weird that sweden do n't have it to . 
  perhaps the countries calculate and report it themselves , that is not unlikely , and that finland and sweden calculate forestry different . 
  northern finland ? 
  is forestry agriculture ? 
  i know there are a lot of small farms , but do they really have that much of an impact on the economy ? 
  thank you for your answer , interesting . 
   the basques ' ancestors went out of africa before the indo-europeans if i 'm correct . 
  technically , they might not be `` europeans '' then , at least not in the sense the map shows . 
   the way he talks is the stereotypical potato in throat dialect , but if you can overcome that , those are some great interviews . 
  i used to date a dane , i 'll be fine :-) . 
  thanks . 
  yesterday the bbc sent `` out there '' with one of my favourite brits , stephen fry . 
  it is about gay people and the challenges they faces , in particular in the parts of the world where it is not accepted . 
  ( i found it [ here ] ( http://www.watchseries-online.eu/2009/10/recent-episodes.html ) ) . 
   no mystery there , the nhs is a massive bureaucratic fuck of a mess that would make stalin proud . 
  honest question - why ? 
  i have no idea . 
  i do not know when they started to divide people in `` europeans '' , middle eastern , siberian etc. 
  i guess that was really my question . 
  i think the cro magnos are identified as europeans . 
  thanks . 
  then i guess people in siberia is not of european descent either . 
  do you perhaps know when one is calculated of being of european descent and when not ? 
  i mean , at what point in time we start being `` european '' and not just homo sapiens . 
  are n't the greenlanders partly of european ancestry ? 
  or , perhaps i should ask , how do we define european ancestry ? 
  at what point in time are we talking about when someone was a european and we are descendents of him/her . 
  i checked wiki , and greenlanders seem to be descendents of siberian people or from the dorset people . 
  [ here ] ( http://press.thelancet.com/economicburdencancer.pdf ) is the whole study . 
  in the middle of the study , on page 6 , they have a diagram where one can compare frequency of different forms of cancer between eu countries ( colon , prostata , breast and lung cancer ) . 
  but austria is at least to me as well , an extreme country with regards to smoking . 
  i do not think that is unique for you as an american . 
  come to sweden , 13 % smokes , and not inside . 
  however , chaticise us and call us idiots because we subsdise and grow tobacco . 
  yes , they are complete nutters . 
  it is fascinating hearing them talk about how obama is a secret muslim and communists are taking over the us . 
  it must be so frustrating be on non idiotic american . 
  however , most european countries ca n't even get to their point , the americans have a rather ... ahem . . let us say , unique system of democracy . 
  i agree that cap in its current form is incredibly shitty , but its plainly understandable why france objects to cap reform . 
  i understand that too . 
  i understand why the tea party acts the way they do too . 
  that is not to say i agree with any of it . 
  or , that one should go along with it . 
  i think it is france who has proven to be incredible inflexible with regards to strasbourgh and the cap . 
  not the rest of the eu . 
  for decades we have paid billions . 
  right now they are getting away with it too . 
  how many billions more ? 
  if you have any other ideas that actually will change them , i am certainly willing to listen . 
  what can change them and not drain the rest of us of resources ? 
  can you come up with anything , because i am out of ideas , apart from the blackmail one which apparently would n't work ( not that eu would do it , they only do that to small states ) . 
   ssuming french cap income was halved ( which is a massive exaggeration on what is reasonably possible ) that 's a  $ 5bn hit to their economy . 
  if they had n't fought reformation of the cap for the last 20 years , we would not have been in this situation . 
  frankly , they bring stuff on themselves . 
  nor am i saying we should half it in 5 years , btw . 
   have you seen us politics recently ? 
  that 's what happens when an absolute refusal to compromise exists . 
  like france with regards to strasbourg ? 
  and no , i do not think the eu is heading the way of us politics ( which i agree , seem quite mad to me ) and i hope not , but france has been extremely bullheaded too . 
  if you have any other suggestion to make them change that do not cost money , i am all for it . 
   5 bn hit to their economy . 
  i understand the politics behind , but those $ 5 billion comes from us . 
  me , and you . 
  they were not particualr franch money . 
  in a way it is like saying we should to pay for them . 
  why should i pay ? 
  i would much rather use those money for research and environmental causes for example . 
  it is the french who has been refusing to reform the cap , for several decades . 
  and because they refuse , i have to pay ... ? 
  at the same time while being discriminated ... ? 
  it does not sound fair to me . 
  i personally think we should let each country run their own agricultural policy , but if we have a cap , it should be that , a * common * agricultural policy.not a southern ( western ) european one . 
  it should include us , and eastern europe too . 
  obviously i understand that we can not cut it in half , immediately nor do i suggest that . 
  but they should sit down , set a clear goal ( let us say 20 % of the budget to grab a number ) decide that they will reach it in 15 years for example ( which should give everyone ample time to adjust ) , how to reach it etc , and make the policy fair and sensible . 
  however , that is not happening . 
  we will just see same old , same old in 2020 . 
  i think that is wrong . 
  if one is wrong from the start , sometimes it is better to redo things , in particular since there are so many new countries , with other needs .
