   cyclic arguments '' as i started to call them , meaning they would say the same thing 100 times and hope it would somehow prove their point . 
  i think we are all guilty of that sometimes . 
   edit : thanks for having a discussion . 
  no , it was nice :-), 
   some of the individuals we are getting from the new countries are astonishing , talented people with fresh ideas . 
  i am not disputing that . 
  i am wondering how the eu think its economy is going to work out . 
   scientific/industrial europe has a lot of incredible stuff going on , does n't it ? 
  mostly northern , possibly eastern europe i guess . 
  there 's a lot of countries not doing to well . 
   in general what you are saying is that eu funds should be governed more carefully , and i agree on that . 
  true , we are in agreement on that . 
   but not for the sake of donor countries , it should be done to help undeveloped ones . 
  some of it , but not all . 
  i see absolutely no reason why we ca n't benefit from education , research etc. 
  however , i understand that we still have to be a donor country . 
   the undeveloped ones are the real looser here . 
  depends on what they want . 
  i do n't think for example that france have wanted to change the cap for their underdeveloped areas - they want to keep it inefficient ( i know they are a net donor , but they would be so much more if the cap was n't so big and tailored to them ) . 
   oney that is provided for one country 's need ends up in someone 's pocket , thus the results are not achieved . 
  i do n't always think is it corruption , although sometimes it is the case , as you say . 
  sometimes it is just stupid , not evaluating the projects . 
  i mean , how many airports does a country need . 
  the money might be spent on an airport , but they would have been better spent on education , it , energy or something . 
  but you are right - everyone looses if it is spent incorrectly . 
  i am sure if the eu had evaluted its projects and spent in wiser the last 25 years , the eu would have been in better shape . 
  and , it makes everyone loosers unfortunately ( apart from bankers , who always comes out on top ... ) . 
  we really have our head stuck up us 's ass . 
  as a swede in stockholm who hates cyclist i will * try * to answer them as impartial as i can :-) . 
  1 ) we have bikelanes , but the cyclist wants more and they probably need it too . 
  2 ) little , i think 3 ) no idea . 
  i had my brothers bike outside my place ( they trains/busses were going to go on a strike in june , so i dug it out from the cellar ) and looked at it for two weeks , and it was still there . 
  it is an ugly bike though . 
  a lot of bikes are stolen , at least if they are nice . 
  4 ) yes 5 ) no , it will be too far for some . 
  6 ) yes 7 ) do not know something i 'd like to add for stockholm that it is , for a lot of people , physically impossible to use a bike during the winter months . 
  i mean , some die hard fanatics put on their winter tires , warm clothes and brave the ice and snow , but 95 % of the cyclists do not . 
  so , between november - april ( roughly ) we need another form of transportation , bus/subway etc. 
  i guess that also affects how we view and use the bike . 
   i have to say that i do n't have a problem that a small part of my tax money goes to eu and part of that goes to building infrastructure and helping less developed and wealthy member states to develop . 
  i am not against giving money to the eu , but i am against how they handle them . 
  for example - if one gives money for infrastructure , one should have a plan for how long one should do it etc. 
  and , if one gives money to rural development , one needs to ask oneself if it is correct to still give money to the same areas 40 years later . 
  obviously , they have not developed . 
  so , the first thing i 'd like to see is a beginning , an end and an evaluation . 
  for example - if one have n't developed in 40 years , the development is obviously not working , and thus should be stopped . 
  i demand that from my government , and i do not see why the eu should give me less . 
  thus , they should be able to at least come up with a plan for when rural development areas should stop receiving , when spain should build their own roads etc. 
  i deserve that money as a tax payers.so why are n't they doing it ? 
  that is bad governing . 
  furthermore , you neglect the alternative cost . 
  i happen to think my money would have been better spent on r & d than italian wines actually . 
  another thing you forget that is an area/country , know that they will receive money no matter what , they fail to develop , or fail to budget . 
  i mean , if southern italy get money for their rural develpment no matter what - why should they develop ? 
  why should spain budget money for roads if the eu builds them ? 
  it is a common phenomenon within the `` aid industry '' and there is a growing number of economists who are actually saying that aid do more harm than good ( a lot of africans are actually asking europe to stop :-) ) that can most certainly be the case in the eu as well , in particular since the eu seem not to evaluate or follow up . 
  i am fascinated by the story that apperently the eu has build the subway in athens , while stockholm wonder if another station is to expensive . 
  is that a good use for my tax money ? 
  it does n't matter if it is one euro or a million - it is ridiculous . 
   more or less been ridiculous and ineffective . 
  you can say that again . 
  i ca n't even understand why the finns do it , to be honest . 
  bank bailout without collateral while you took over the debts ... ... 
  it can be that you have developed less , but that is obviously not the case with italy and france . 
  so , again , why are they still receiving ? 
  furthermore , you did not address the point that the eu do not seem to have a plan . 
  how can we have all these projects and no plan for when they are going to end , and no evaluation ? 
  i demand both from my government , why ca n't the eu and the countries who are on the receiving end do the same ? 
  and , again , we also need to address the fact that if for example rural italy know they will revive money no matter what , they will not care to develop , same can be said with for example spain and roads - if they do n't have to budget for them , why should they ? 
  the eu will pay . 
  that is one huge reason why one have limits on aid - but you say one should n't . 
  i think that is wrong and a multitude of african countries can prove that to you . 
  a lot of african economists are actually saying that aid is harmful in a way . 
  i think it certainly has been , people become lazy if there are no demands . 
  and , i know greece ca n't even pay their bills , but i was using southern europe as an example of how idiotic and reckless the eu is with the money and how useless all those billions have been . 
  no plans , no demands , most of it on the fucking cap . 
  they would gave been far better off on research bdo you really think that bodes well for the future that we now add country after country , but do the sane mistakes over and over again ? 
  i do n't think so , i just think the tones/how one discuss things , that is different . 
  women are just as interested as men , just express it differently . 
  thanks . 
  the polls are saying it will be no , are n't they ? 
  i think i answered no or do n't care , because of how the question was worded . 
  i support the scottish referendum , but as far as i know it will be a no . 
  i do not support an independent scotland if it is against the will of the people . 
  btw - who is scottish ? 
  scottish living in england ? 
  english in scotland ? 
  who will be allowed to vote ? 
  for the short answer , for the majority of us is a knee jerk reaction , in my case a clear no . 
  then we justify it afterwards with a million different reason , but frankly , they come afterwards . 
  but , you are of course free to write a long essay on the reason you want/don ' t want a united states of europe . 
  the reason i wrote not eu within brackets is that the rules now states that if one leaves the euro , one has to leave the eu . 
  however , since the eu do not care about any other rules , i do n't really see why we should pay attention to that one . 
  also , i think being in the eu can be beneficial for them , and perhaps for all of us . 
  i think being in the euro harms them . 
  however , one does n't have to do both . 
  of course not . 
  due to portugals participation in the euro , they loss competitiveness . 
  austerity can not solve that . 
  personally i am of the opinion that portugal , spain and greece should leave the euro ( not eu ) .
