  what i am saying is that the geneva convention gave us a clear definiton of what a refugee is.it has been signed by almost every country in the world and used for decades , yet you seem to think that you are above it . 
   there is more to this than simply `` being poor '' . 
  by european standards , not affording a big screen tv or a smartphone is considered phone . 
  these people do n't even have access to clean water . 
  you are making stuff up . 
  you have no idea if that is the case or not . 
  besides , being poor does still not make you a refugee in the geneva convention . 
   how exactly are people leaving a country due to deplorable living conditions not reefugees ? 
  hell , the first thing you 'll be told if you want to visit africa is not to . 
  apparently , it 's dangerous for us to go there but not dangerous for the people who live there . 
  now you are lying and making stuff up , again . 
  my cousin lives in africa , in one of the regions people migrates from btw , and i am going to another part of africa this winter . 
  i am not being told not to go ? 
  you are just lying sometimes , i wish you would stop doing that . 
  since you seem to be arguing ten things at once , i 'll thought i 'll make it simple for you . 
  answer this . 
  ** the question is - are the people coming across the mediterran refugees according to the geneva convention ? 
  yes or no ? 
  ** both you and i know that you want to call them refugees , and you can keep doing that . 
  you call them refugees , i 'll call them martians for the future . 
  that is the glory of the freedom of speech . 
  but , you have to admit , according to the legal definition that both our countries , and all countries ( ok , maybe not israel ) around the mediterranian has signed , the migrants are * not * refugees . 
  then you can keep on calling them that , and i 'll call them martians . 
  are you happy now ? 
  you really , really ca n't handle being wrong or not having the last word , can you ? 
   is this the same un that handled the rwandan genocide ? 
  i am not sure what you are referring to here . 
  are you saying that there is a genocide going on in africa that the un are not aware of , and have not named , that the people on the boat were fleeing from , but * you * are aware of ? 
  could you then please post links and scientific evidence of it ? 
  furthermore , i think the un classified the genocide in ruwanda as genocide . 
  are you saying they did n't ? 
  or are you saying because the world did n't get the involved , * your * definition is above and above the geneva convention ? 
  can you post evidence , legal and scientific , to online journals and recources why * you * are above the un and the law , and are smarter and better , and * your * definition is above legal experts . 
  i honestly do n't think anyone who has the slightest expertise with human rights law would use the silly arguments you are . 
   that term can not be applied to people trying to escape living conditions on par with what was the norm in europe five hundred years ago . 
  norms change . 
  500 years ago , as in 1513 capital punishment was also a norm and a lot of words have changed definition since then , among them refugee . 
  you are clearly grasping at straws now . 
   were there no refugees before the geneva convention ? 
  what does that has to do with anything ? 
  again , you can call people what they like , but you have no evidence for it . 
  you call them refugees , but they are not . 
  i can call them martians , but they are not . 
  you obviously ca n't handle to loose an argument on the internet , and apart from your aparent hybris ( * your * definition is above un and the geneva convention ) i suspect you are one of those persons who justs has to have the last word , no matter how silly your argument is , or how wrong you are . 
  it is clearly evident in the way you argue , you have attacked everything from my nationality ( which obviously has nothing to do with the geneva convention or the un ) to trying to bring up hisorical arguments that does not matter one bit in todays world . 
  the fact is that you are wrong , and you ca n't handle it . 
  those people are * not * refugees , and you know it . 
  the fact that you are trying to argue that you are more important , know more and are above the un and the geneva convention , frankly , it makes you rather pathetic . 
  i guess i 'll get another post from you , since you just have to have the last word , but both you and i know you are wrong . 
  try to admit it every now and then , it will not kill you . 
  say - `` those people are not refugees , but i feel sorry for them nevertherless , it is never fun being poor '' . 
  haha , whom am i kidding . 
  you would never do that . 
  you have posted that your definition is above the un and the geneva convention , you 'd never , ever admit the fact that your definition is not the correct one . 
  your hubris and arrogance forbids it i assume . 
  sad , you are not unintelligent , but lack the ability to gracefully give in and admit that perhaps , you are not always right . 
  obviously , not even close , but the swedish version of it would be kista , stockholm ... . . we do n't have silicon valley really . 
  would be nice to have it though . 
   calling them anything but refugees makes it seem as if their situation is n't critical or desperate . 
  says you , again the source is you . 
  that is your interpretation , which you are free to have of course , you are free to call them martians . 
  however , they are not being prosecuted , so you are making up your own definition . 
  again , feel free to do that , but please , understand that the un do not agree with you , they do not classify the immigrants as refugees under the geneva convention . 
  so , * your * definition , not anyone else 's , * your * interpretation , not un 's for example , who , in fact , knows more about those things than you . 
  so , do not pretend that they are , in any legal way refugees , * you * are making up your own definition . 
   i think you 're making the mistake of comparing what these people did to conventional immigration . 
  no , i am not . 
  i am saying that they are economic migrants . 
  besides , i do not even know the definition of conventional migration , so i ca n't do that . 
   when was the last time swedes were displaced due to war or genocide ? 
  when was the last tim again , what does that has to do with anything ? 
  i am not the one defining refugess , the geneva convention is . 
  you seem to have a really hard time grasping that . 
  again , the geneva convention is . 
  second , if they had been fleeing from a genocide , they would have been recognised byt the un . 
  these people are not . 
   and what definition is that ? 
  your definition which i am admitting is a bit unclear since you seem to dislike stuff like laws and the geneva convention , which defines refugees . 
  you seem to think that the whole world should disregard the geneva convention and take your definition to heart and follow it . 
  that is actually what you are arguing about now , your definition is better and above the geneva convention . 
  i think that is hybris . 
  face it - these people are not refugees . 
  that fact that * you * want to call them that , does n't make them that . 
  i can call them martians or japanese but that does n't make them that . 
  the fact that you seem not to like the geneva convention , does n't make them more refugees . 
  i you want to make them that , become a politician and change the convention . 
  it is very silly to claim that your definition is above the legal one . 
   i 'd say well , that is your definition , and you are fairly alone with it . 
  it seems the rest of the world are not agreeing with you . 
  of course , you can call those people whatever you like , but i 'd advise you to at least call them economical refugees , because they are not refugees other than under your definition . 
  i mean , if you want to be alone with using a word , fine with me , but i do not even see the sense of that . 
   even though both spain and greece are experiencing economic difficulty right now they are still some of the most successful and rich nations on the globe . 
  you do not seem to have read the definition of a what a refugee is . 
  the people from example tunisia or algeria who are trying to make it to europe , are not being prosecuted . 
  that is actually a definition of refugee , that you have to be prosecuted for something outside your control , like ethnicity or religion . 
  a definition of a refugee is * not * someone who wants to make more money , no matter that they are poorer than the european average . 
  so , from the definition you use , someone who wants to go somewhere else and make more money - then yes , swedes are refugees too . 
  i think the term is ridiculous of course , and would never use it on neither swedes or greeks , but i do not call the people coming across the mediterranian that either . 
  i call them migrants , people who want to migrate for economical reasons . 
  understandably , certainly , but it does not make you a refugee .
