  i am not cherry picking data . 
  the euro is idiotically constructed and i am sorry that you can not see that . 
  to have a successful currency union one need political union as well as monetary , huge transfers and somewhat similar economies that can have the same currency . 
  are you saying that is not the case ? 
  that the eurozone do not need that , but is doing well now and what is going on in the south is purely accidental ? 
  i did n't say that all french people were responsible , which you very well know , but why not try to take a bit of responsibility , instead of whining and blaming the germans . 
  you created this situation . 
  why ? 
  and , it is not like there are to many people running around accepting blame . 
  why ca n't you shoulder your part , accept it and use it as a way to go forward ? 
  `` yes , we created this mess but we will now try to solve it by x , z and y '' . 
  what is wrong with doing that and why are n't you doing that ? 
  the ecb statues forbids them to have an inflation of 4 % , i think they can go up until 2 % perhaps . 
  no it does n't . 
  if so the uk , the us , sweden , switzerland etc would be doing just as bad , btw , you can also see differences within the euro , germany compared to greece for example . 
  the euro is a badly constructed currency that is suffering from internal devaluation , no transfers and an ecb that has its hands tied . 
  let us hope that they start a proper sensible fact based discussion , but i do not think they will . 
  that would be far to sensible plus that it could lead towards a much smaller euro for example . 
  the euro has never been based upon facts , and a lot of the reason the uk and sweden rejected in truth , was n't fact based either , it was emotional . 
  however , this time our emotions coincided with the facts . 
  the euro is badly constructed , and that is an understatement . 
  it was a huge part of the no sides argument here . 
  read the link that i gave . 
  yes it is true , it was a condition for german reunification . 
  well , to be fair , the french people forced the euro upon the germans , who did not want to give up their d-mark . 
  but , the french gave it as a condition for their reunification . 
  in my opinion the french should n't have done that . 
  so , they made their bed , and they can lie in it , and perhaps admitting to it btw , which i do n't really see the french doing . 
  i do feel sorry for all other people though , and for all the young people not part of it . 
  the euro is badly constructed , and should not have been created the way it was . 
  however , it was the french really who started the mess . 
  [ here is a link where you can read about it ] ( http://en.mercopress.com/2010/09/28/german-unification-conditioned-to-acceptance-of-euro-reveal-documents ), 
  yes of course it is . 
  however , people who are pro euro do not seem to want to admit how badly constructed the euro is . 
  or , how to act . 
  because that would lead to all sorts of uncomfortable truths and discussions . 
  instead one continues , loosing generations and people in the process . 
  however , i very much fear that if/when france and italy starts going downhill they have to take the discussion , however uncomfortable . 
  it surprises me a bit that it seems to be some sort of consensus of not discussing the nasty bits of the euro . 
  i remember our vote about it in 2003 , and it was very much spoken about . 
  no , i think it has to do with the eurozone , not all of the continent . 
  poland is doing fine for example . 
  it is very different . 
  you have a growing economy , and a different economy i might add . 
  the fed has also been very active , unlike the ecb . 
  the ecbs most important role is keeping inflation low . 
  i am still waiting !, 
  why do n't you give me any evidence ? 
  according to you there is plenty !, 
  please , prove to me that being in the eu like greece or having laws ( like italy ) makes you less corrupt . 
  i am waiting . 
  or have you just been lying and making stuff up all the time ? 
  i want evidence . 
  you said that being in the eu made you less corrupt . 
  prove it !, 
  why are n't you proving it ? 
  why are countries with hard laws like italy still corrupt ? 
  according to you that will not happen . 
  i am waiting . 
  did you lie to me before - is that why you are not answering me ? 
  are you that kind of person who just lies ? 
  but it is you that have created the system that makes this possible . 
  we 're this in sweden , the women would n't even have the possibility to sue for 20 millions . 
  possibly sue , but not for fantasy sums . 
  and , it is the americans that not only have created a health care system where one needs 20 millions , but also have taken the right to sue austrian bahn , in the us . 
  that is not the fault of one woman , you system want it that way . 
  of course you are fine then with other countries suing you then , abroad ? 
  shall we start with a little country called iraq ? 
  i am sure you guys recognise the legality of other countries courts or international courts . 
  hmm - i think we are talking trillions here . 
  are you ok with that or do you have a double standard perhaps ? 
  hmmm , i think you have a double standard that is so big it is not even funny . 
  so , again . 
  americans are stupid and fall and everyone else should pay , but when you purposely lie and kills people and torture people , you should not . 
  nor you you be held accountable for invading countries at whim when you need to justify your army and probably killing a few hundred thousand peasants while at it . 
  does that sound about right ? 
  i never said that . 
  i think the base for most european and us law is roman law btw . 
  i guess it is how you use it though . 
  that is if you sue people for when they have done something wrong . 
  but they do not . 
  they sue people when they are not happy with the outcome . 
  that is different . 
  i mean - how is the accident austria 's fault ? 
  by suing people the way americans do , you increase the cost for everybody . 
  for example , every doctor need really expensive insurance , which they then transfer the cost of to the patient . 
  and almost every doctors get sued . 
  not because every doctor is bad , but at some point in their career they meet someone who is n't happy with the outcome . 
  that makes the whole system much more expensive . 
  why would you want that ? 
  yes , of course the austrian state should pay for every single american that falls in austria . 
  forever . 
  in particular since they have already decided , in a legal and proper way that they did nothing wrong . 
  the austrian must obviously be lying , she is after all an american and thus did nothing wrong . 
  so then , naturally , americans sue , in the us . 
  because we all know that the us rules the world and since the austrian system did n't acknowledge that americans are always right , the us has to show them . 
  like you do when you show country democracy , and freedom . 
  like iraq and vietnam . 
  and if course it is logical that the austrians have to pay 20 million for an american who ca n't board a fucking train . 
  i mean , the us have the greatest health care system in the world , so it is natural that austrians pay towards it ...
