  it is because i do n't have the energy to go into debt when i have spent half the post explaining the basics of the weimar republic to someone who clearly has n't read a lot of german history . 
  you are corrupt , btw , that is a fact . 
  i think it is extremely negative for you when you are trying to fix your economy . 
   i 'm saying that certain elements of the greek crisis are reminiscent of the weimar republic . 
  the least important ones , and i am not even sure you have those right . 
  that renders the comparison invalid , if you exclude everything that made the weimar republic the weimar republic . 
  it is like saying that i will compare the swedish economy to croatian , let us just ignore the jugoslavian war , history and everything else - but of course we can find similarities . 
  btw , we can find similarities between finland and greece to , far more than between weimar and greece in my opinion . 
  however , the comparisons will hardly be interesting , and what is far more important - * the comparison is not relevant if you ignore everything important * . 
   i 'm not trying to downplay the forcefulness and lack of choice that germany faced after losing ww1 . 
  yes , you are . 
  i frankly think it is insulting to the eu that you compare them . 
  you have had so many chances , so much , bailouts , and you compare it to the worst peace treaty in bloody history , who lead to wwii for god 's sake . 
  it is insulting , and the fact that you are mentioning it , tells me that you are again , victimising the greeks . 
  i am honestly getting pissed off that you will not stop this comparison . 
  if you are going to do it - do it then . 
  i have read about the versaille treaty far more then you have i bet , and if you are going to compare it , i will call you on every single thing . 
  so , either stop your bloody victimisation , or start answering some questions.if you are going to compare it , i want to see every single thing in writing . 
  so , for starters ( i 'll come back with more of course ) . 
  * explain similarity between removing the kaiser and greece today . 
  in detail . 
  also , explain how a new democracy can be compared to a 40 year old one where you have been in one of the biggest trade union , received constant aid , support , have had free election for the last 40 years etc. 
  * what are you compare war guild clause with ? 
  in detail . 
  implications . 
  and links of course . 
  * occupation of rhineland - what is the greek equialent . 
  * territorial changes - what have you experienced . 
  so , if you ca n't answer these and all the others ones , * stop comparing the bailout to the versaille treaty * . 
  it is insulting to history , . 
   i did not blame everyone but greece . 
  it seems to . 
  `` we got 240 billion - it is just like the versaille treaty '' . 
  `` we are treated so , so bad '' . 
  `` we did n't have a choice , we * had * to borrow money ( why btw , answer me that - why ? ) . 
  '' `` everyone should just forgive our debts '' why did you borrow money and why should * your * debts be forgiven ? 
  i want our debts to be forgiven too , and i am sure that goes for every single country in the world . 
   there was no reason for the creditors to expect that debt repaid unless they wanted greece to unilaterally default . 
  how the hell can you take an act of calculated self-interest and interpret it as an act of kindness is beyond me . 
  frankly , the interest rate is far , far better than you would have gotten anywhere else , believe me . 
  and , you still have banks , something you would not have otherwise . 
  also , you seem to be operating under the assumptions that for example estonian tax payers owes you . 
  for fucks sake - why on earth should they bail you out after you borrowed to much money ? 
  why ca n't you just default then ? 
  take some responsibilty . 
  for decades you ran your economy to the ground , but when push comes to shovel , you refuse to default and complain on the eu . 
  the rest of the europans do n't * owe * you , although you seem to think so , complaining about bailouts and haircuts . 
  again - victim , victim , victim . 
   the problem with exiting the eurozone is capital flight . 
  the new currency would be weaker so in the period leading to the change all the people who have money would deposit it in banks outside of greece , thus ruining the banking system completely . 
  and the benefits would be having your own currency and being competitive again , something you are not at the moment , and ca n't become for decades if you decide to stay in the euro . 
   also , anarchism is not the same as stupidity . 
  they are dangerously close at least . 
  i know it is an ideology , but they are the only people i could come up with who would think it is a smart idea to borrow money for decades , not pay taxes and be corrupt . 
  can you come up with any other group who thinks it is a good idea ? 
  i think it is a recipe for disaster , but anarchist sort of like the society to fail , so i think it might work for them . 
   i think that in insolvent european countries like greece politics is playing a major part in disinformation the population . 
  in other countries too :-) . 
   aren \u00b4 t we assisting here , especially in insolvent countries , to a poor technical people , incompetent sometimes , playing some kind of political game to give some kind of hope to people because of austerity measures in my opinion yes , but a lot of people , particularely here at / r/europe do not agree with me . 
  i get more support in / r/economis though . 
  to make myself clear . 
  i think a lot of the problems in southern europe ( the giips countries ) comes from a really bad constructed euro . 
  austerity , in itself , ca n't fix that . 
  so , asking people to hang on to austerity , while not doing a lot of the other things one should be doing , is giving false hope in my opinion . 
  i belong to the minority here at / r/europe who think portugal should leave the euro ( and greece to btw ) , a majority at r/economics . 
   i \u00b4 m not economist , but i get information from people who proved to know their stuff in recent times , and points like `` printing more money doesn \u00b4 t lead to inflation '' , just don \u00b4 t make sense to me . 
  i have studied some economics but i am not an economists . 
  however , i think that is a half truth . 
  in one sense , countries can never go bankrupt , since they can always print more money , obviously , it harms the currency though . 
  however , i think what most people refer to in portugal , is the aggressive sort of financial policy that for example the us have been doing ( which is more than printing money ) . 
  the ecb 's main goal is basically to fight inflation , and a lot of people think they could easing up a bit would n't be harmful . 
  ( also , ecb has a lot of more restrictions than the fed ) . 
  so , the ecb could print more money , sure ( not limitless ) . 
  however , that would make the germans go nuts , and maybe the dutch , finns etc too , do n't know about them really . 
   i 'm saying that the situation is similar in terms of quality . 
  i am sorry , again no . 
  while i do not dispute that it is really bad in greece , as i said before , bad does not equal weimar . 
  you just pick out a few things you like about weimar and say `` this is greece '' , while ignoring the main ones . 
  again , if you are going to compare it to weimar and the rise of the third reich , you have to take the * main * points of the weimar . 
  so , for starters , give me the hyperinflation , the loss of a kaiserreich , loss of a world war , completely new democracy , versaille treaty , loss of land etc - * those * are some of the main points of the weimar republic , and also main parts of why the weimar republic failed . 
  not what greece is going through , not at all . 
  i know you are dying to compare them , because i guess it feels right , has this doomesday feel , but they are not the same . 
  why ca n't you accept that ? 
  things can be bad without it being weimar , if that helps . 
  look at syria , somalia , moldavia , belarus - bad but no weimar . 
  so , i am not saying things are n't bad , but you are not weimar . 
   i do n't think greece signing up for these loans was any more of a `` free choice '' than germany signing the versailles treaty . 
  are you honestly that historically ignorant ? 
  i do n't think you are really , you do not seem to be that in general , but i most definately think you have not read enough about the weimar republic , and what lead up to wwii . 
  when did france occupy your version of the rheinland ? 
  just for starters ? 
  explain , extensively please . 
  also - who forced you to take those loans ? 
  i 'd like names please of those countries or banks . 
  since you are saying it is on par with the versaille treaty , i 'd also like to know who is going to invade you and how many men has died in the last decade . 
  [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_versailles#content ) is the treaty . 
  just how in god 's name is someone created who can compare that with a 240 billion bailout , and a 40 billion haircut ? 
  and - like a * lot * of economists and people are saying - you are free to leave the euro , whenever you want . 
  in fact - a lot of people advocate it . 
  me for example ( i hate the euro , you should really leave it ) all over the world , people think it is the smartest thing you can do .
