  that is actually very racist of you . 
  they have every chance to make informed choices . 
  just because they , at some point , in another country , were n't on top of the food chain , is * no excuse * for behaving like assholes here . 
  do you make that excuse for everyone ? 
  women , due to centuries of mistreatment and abuse can not make informed deciscions ? 
  honour killings among kurds are ok for example , since kurds have had it rough ? 
  the romas , who has a despicalble attitude towards women/equality - do you consider that ok ? 
  explain to me why romas can not make smart and informed deciscions ? 
  you refuse to see that they are adults , making choices ? 
  what other `` races '' / categories/nationalities do you mean can not make informed wise deciscions ? 
  swedes ? 
  kurds ? 
  women ? 
  spanish?basques ? 
  i 'd like for you to give me a detailed explanation for each and every category that you deem are not capabable of talking full responsibility for their actions ? 
  it is just a joke that they have at / r/swarje ( sort of like r/murica ) . 
  swedes do n't really hate the danes , and outside of reddits i actually think the most jokes are about the norwegians , not the danes . 
  nothing serious though . 
  what i dislike with the danes are their numbers - they are really weird :-) . 
  well , the journalists i saw write about it were clearly left . 
  so , yes , they were leftist . 
  however , i agree with the morons too . 
  because i do not like the way the eurocrises has been handled in germany really . 
  nor do i like the fact that it seems like merkel is going to win without any real opposition . 
  it could stir the pot a bit if they got in . 
  no , but what we usually do , the police of course . 
  it is quite common , and i am sure they do the same in spain . 
  when the social authorithies deem the parent as unfit ( which parents who do not send their children to school can be deemed to be ) the children get removed by the authorithies and the police . 
  also , the parents gets fined , and loose custody . 
  it happens every year , one would just use it on a bigger scale with the romas . 
  also , i believe if you did it , consistently for a few years they would a ) either move b ) accept the * horrible * fact that their children has to go to school . 
  stupid swedes , wanting all the children to get an education . 
  also , i think parents who willfully refuse their children even basic education are bad parents and should not be raising children . 
  the children deserve so much better than horrible people like that . 
   what would happen if they tried to integrate in their home countries ? 
  sweden is their home country . 
  if they do n't like it - move . 
   they were n't living in welfare in their previous countries . 
  and , you would n't like to think about their previous lifes . 
  many of the worst offenders are people who has grown up here . 
  they have no memories , they choose to steal and stay away from school . 
   i have seen demostrations in spain because a regional government was distributing the gipsies in all the public schools and catholic schools paid by the government in a municipality and the parents of the catholic school demostrated against that . 
  an spain has been more tolerant than other countries . 
  btw , this kind of thing work . 
  i have seen no demonstrations ever in sweden against that . 
  i mean , they are capable of assessing their environment . 
  sweden is not the balkans . 
  other groups get that - are the romas less intelligent ? 
  no , of course not , they choose to not to go to school . 
  they know they have it good here , yet they choose not to integrate . 
  that makes them horrible people . 
   if you do n't do nothing you will have the problem in the next century still . 
  i think we should do something . 
  remove the children if they do not go to school . 
  so , if they do not send their children to school , they will not keep their children . 
  if they do not like that - well then , move to another country with your children . 
  i think they will realise how good they have it here then . 
  but , until they are 18 , the swedish state has the children . 
  it will be better for them anyway . 
  also , i think we should change our whole welfare system , not only because of the romas , but it would affect them . 
  and , our justice system too . 
   they ca n't think that anything else is posible . 
  why are they here then ? 
  95 % of them have come in the last 40 years . 
  one has an obligation , as i am sure you know , as an immigrant , or , just as any citizen/resident of a country / place . 
  romas should n't be excluded , and if they * choose * not to integrate , it is * their * fault , not ours . 
   that 's the swedish approach to every misfits . 
  i know , and i am certainly not saying it is perfect . 
  in fact , i hate it at times ( but that a whole different discussion ) . 
  however , everyone claims that the `` romas are like thieves and uneducated because they live bad , no health care , no schools , are poor etc. 
  well , we swedes have removed all those excuses and they still behave like assholes . 
  and , they have the worst stats of any immigration group , including somalis and afghanistani people . 
  so , the problem is not poverty , lack of health care , lack of housing and/or discrimination in school , because they have the same chances as everyone else here . 
  the problem is with them then . 
  so , i wish people like bonanzacreek would stop blaming poverty and lack of health care - cause i do n't think that is the issue here . 
  as you know , no one in sweden has to steal , it is a choice . 
  no one starves , and everyone can go to a , at least ok school . 
  so , it by choice they are criminals and do n't go to school . 
   they do n't know anything better i do n't buy that . 
  to claim that is to make them infantile/victimise them . 
  who does n't know that one should n't steal and should go to school ? 
  as a ( roma ) person said in one of the articles i posted , he said that they do not * want * to send their children to school because they fear integration and do not want to be part of swedish society . 
  well , they have no problem accepting benefits , but they do not want to contribute . 
  are you saying that grown romas ca n't make that analyses ? 
  of course they can . 
  they are adults , and just as smart/stupid as everyone else . 
  they just choose not to integrate . 
   the key is the education , finding a role for them in the society that can be acceptable for everybody for the current generation , and education ( and your are being lucky if the first native generation gets basic education ) . 
  well , in a modern society there are n't roles for people who ca n't read , treat women like shit , steal and live on welfare . 
  they are of course welcome to school , or other forms of work education , but the fact is , they do not want to . 
  are you saying that this incident is made up ? 
  that they are lying ? 
   you should n't expect it to solve by itself or quickly in 5 to ten years . 
  a peaceful solution will require a constant integration policy and one hundred years or more . 
  why not ? 
  95 % of them choose to come here in the last 40 years . 
  they should , if they are not complete assholes , have an interest in integration . 
  interest in going to school for example . 
  however , they do not . 
   `` you can intergrate any ethnic group if you work hard in it '' .
