  it is a british budget . 
  furthermore , that argument can be used not just across the eu , but globally . 
  blame china for low this , or blame brazil for low that . 
  or , one could work on becoming comptetitive oneself , nor blaming others if one is not ... what more , if the eu should become the sort of union you are talking about , it is essentially also a transfer union and a united states of europe . 
  do n't you think we should be allowed to vote about that ? 
  up until one has promised not to do it , i ca n't see britain doing anything wrong . 
  unlike other countries , they have n't exactly asked to be bailed out either . 
  well , taking just one example ( there are really to many ) since they knew that the internal competitiveness was going to fall in the giips countries , they should have worn the northern populations that they were going to need massive transfers to offset that . 
  but , people would never have voted yes if they knew that they would have to send x % of their gdp south for the foreseeable future ( +25 years ) perhaps ( i am guessing here , ca n't say i recall the debate in germany/france in the early 90 's ) so i guess they politicians `` failed '' to mention it . 
  however , the economists , should have , most definately . 
  i think one of the problem is that the euro is more politicial than economical . 
  and , politically , it sounds great . 
  however , one has to calculate with the realities , and they are not great . 
   if it was so well known where was the political/public/medial opposition when it happened ? 
  do n't ask me , i heard about it , a lot , what an imperfect union the euro was when we held our euro election in 2003 . 
  several prominent economists talked about it , for it to be successful , the countries needed to be `` equal '' . 
  google optimal currency union , and you will see that the euro is basically the opposite of that . 
  i have no idea why it was not talked about in germany . 
  are you sure it was never mentioned ? 
  true , and one also have to believe in a cause to show solidarity towards it . 
  but , to fix this will take decades , the eurozone keeps saying years . 
  and they are going to need massive amounts of transfers . 
  if x % of our gdp was going south for tge next 25 years , i would like to know about it . 
  above all , people gace a right to vote . 
  i do understand what you mean though , but i think they do not talk about it because they do not want people to know it will last for decades and cost gazillions ... 
  what does a stable currency help if you are not competitive and have massive debt and collapsing banks ? 
   i only decided to reply to you originally because you mentioned belgium in such a way as to misrepresent history . 
  where did i misrepresent it . 
  according to the euro convergence criteria , you should not have ben in - yes or no ?!!!, 
   i even linked you a whole paper about the subject , guess you did n't bother to read it . . :( i did read it , but you kept claiming that you belonged in there , according to the rules . 
  why did you claim that then , if you know you broke them . 
   then , to be honest , not only do you not belong in the eurozone but not in the eu either given that you are obliged to join and simply said `` no '' without being granted an opt-out . 
  no , when we joined in 1995 , it was n't obligatory to join the euro then . 
  other examples , denmark and uk . 
  we are following the rules . 
  you never seem to get your facts right , do you . 
   ah alright , you finally outed this is a sweden superiority thing . 
  one of the reasons we ca n't get a functional union is because dickweeds like this only care about themselves , their arbitrary national interests , and not helping dirty foreigners . 
  i 'm out !, 
  what , are you objecting to the fact that sweden is one of the least corrupt countries in the world ? 
  and you can by no means understand apprehension or anger that our money is being taken care of by people on who are very much * not * from non corrupt countries ? 
  is that completely not understandable to you ? 
  and , you can not see that someone with a working economy is looking at the behoviour in other states and be scared at what they are doing ? 
  where have i said we are superior ? 
  links please ? 
  i said , which i can happily follow up with facts of course , that we are less corrupt ? 
  i also said that swedish politicians are more likely to prioritize our interest than a french/italian whatever . 
  how is that wrong , or superior ? 
  typically , you did n't answer to the facts of course , as in the how badly the euro is constructed the euro is , the lact in internal competitiveness , the bad banks saves or anything else . 
  do you think the euro is constructed correctly , there has been no fall in internal competitiveness and the banks saves are exemplary ? 
  why would anyone want to be in that mess . 
   dickweeds now i know what sort of person you are . 
  thank you for the heads up . 
  i have now marked you as `` person who has little facts and call people names '' . 
   i 'm out !, 
  please , do . 
  the only thing you have managed to show that you are insulting to those who does not share * your * view . 
  in no way have you showed me respect or tried to understand anyone else 's view , nor do you seem to be up to date on the facts either . 
  yes , so why did one join , and why is n't it widely discussed now ? 
  austerity will be the companion of the southern economies for decades to come , and they are going to need massive transfers from the north , permanently basically . 
  or , perhaps countries should leave ... 
   i find the willingness to endanger the eu endandgering the euro , not the eu . 
  sigh , i am not saing that you * were * not in the euro , i said that * according to the rules you should not have been * . 
  you say that yourself :  although it is my understanding that there was some serious rule-bending to allow this to happen . 
  yes , they ignored the maastrich criteria . 
  [ link to them here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euro_convergence_criteria ) why are you so against the fact that the reason that belgium is in the euro , is that the size of your national debt was ignored ( just like italy 's and greece 's btw ) . 
  the only three countries in the eu that consistently have followed them , are estonia , finland and sweden ( bizarely enough , since we are not even in the euro ) . 
   while greece and sweden did not fulfil all the criteria . 
  sweden has willingly never fulfilled the criteria , since we did not want to join the euro without a popular vote , which we had in 2003 . 
  the swedes said no . 
  btw , the criteria we have never fulfilled is that we have never accepted erm ii , which is our official `` out '' . 
  we have * always * fulfilled the euro convergence criteria . 
   why ? 
  because , the euro is so damn incorrectly constructed , that it is laughable . 
  the reason the situation is like it is , is among other things that according to economics 101 , the less competitive countries like portugal et al , would loose in internal competitiveness ( i think up until 2008 they lost 30 % ) . 
  everyone knew that was going to happen , and the only way to handle it is austerity , which needs to be offset by massive transfers . 
  the eurozone are not doing the massive transfers , and even if they were , it would take decades to get to a competitive level . 
  the bank saves are idiotic , the leadership is shitty etc. 
  to top that off , it is more corrupt than sweden . 
  and , i think our politicians seems to be better equipped to handle economics , in particular our economics , than the eu ones . 
  i am happy that we do not have to send ( more billions ) south or take part in a bank union . 
  i am happy that we have an independent currency that caters to the interest of the swedes , not the italians , french , whatever and , above all - i do not want a united states of europe , which is what you need to save the euro , a deeply integrated transfer union ( where you 'll send x % of your gdp south every year ) . 
  i am swedish and do not mind being part of trade union . 
  i do not want to belong to a eurounion , where every deciscion that concerns me get made from brussels . 
   sure , and that 's because your banking sector is not very big - only half the size of ours in relative gdp terms . 
  or , because the two last times ( 90 's and 2009 ) it was handled by the state/banks . 
  besides , you said `` how our central bank responded to the crises '' . 
  i do not know how much of a crises sweden are in really . 
  sure , looking at the world around us - yes , but as a nation , not really that bad . 
  we have a balanced budget and a debt of 39 % . 
  to the bad factors are high unemployment ( well , high for us , not in comparison to spain ) , a housing bubble that will burst at some point and that the economy is only predicted to grow 1,5 % this year . 
  so , crises - is there a definition for that ? 
  they are not printing a lot of money , as far as i am aware . 
  we are actually having deflation at the moment which is not really good . 
  oh , god , ours is in no way perfect , but at least it does what is supposed to do , and it quite often goes head to head with our government . 
  anders borg , our finance minister has had several outburst , arguing with them . 
  nor do i d think think they take the calls from the wallenbergs ( a swedish financial family who owns our biggest bank ) or anyone else . 
  what i mean is that they march to the beat of their own drum , which might be infuriating , and annoying , but i do not expect them to start printing money because borg and/or wallenberg wants them too . 
   some politicians in some countries have demanded an eu wide deposit scheme , yes . 
  well , as long as it just some politicians somewhere .
