  idiot . 
  b ) you are on an / r/europe board , most people here could lecture you in ways you have no clue about . 
  i think in soviet alone , 20 million died , in the wwii . 
  c ) give me a reason why * you * are morally superior and thus the only one allowed to talk about suffering . 
  it is sickening , a person from the richest , most powerful country in the world who invades countries and kills millions because it is fun , talk about * suffering * and thinks , due to this enormous suffering , that he is the only one allowed to talk about it . 
  are n't you going to lecture us about how hard it is living under dictatorship too , because your great uncle spent a month in ddr ? 
   go ahead kick back and complain about the u.s. in your tiny nordic country that has grown rich profiting from the liberal international order that the u.s. and our allies have built and maintained with money and lives , but do n't pretend like the word would be a better place had the u.s. been absent from the international scene these past 70 years . 
  it would n't be . 
  the fun thing is that you do not even understand that you are slowly , but surely , digging your own grave . 
  i have tried to explain to you that your military spending are far to big , and you answer that you need them to defend yourself against a country that does n't even exist . 
  if it was n't so sad i would laugh . 
  however , things are going down for you . 
  not now , but slowly . 
  instead of spending on education , you make sure you cut resourses from schools , from environment , from food stamps , just to make sure your spend more than the next 30 countries put together ( it says a lot about you that you think this sum is reasonable , and you justify it by defending yourself against the soviet union ... still ) . 
  no , you have no risk of getting invaded , and you are slowly , but surely loosing your international ground and standing . 
  iraq , but also things that you could n't even go to trade conferences because you are shutting down your own government . 
  but sure , keep it up . 
  what is the next country you are going to invade and then complain `` how much you 've suffered '' after killing poor defenceless peasants at a ration 1000 to 1 ( but your soldier is a hero , dying in a fight with a poor farmer ... ) . 
  you are truly a sad and narcisstic person . 
   let me explain it this way : the way the electoral system is set up creates a situation where there can only be two major parties . 
  this causes both parties to adopt essentially identical centrist political platforms with minor differences between them . 
  couple this with the lobbied interests who want to keep the status quo ( and who pay the politicians to vote their way ) , and you have politicians who run for office who disagree on very little of substance . 
  anyone who deviates far from that , for the most part , is marginalized and made a pariah . 
  third parties have zero power to get elected in anything of substance . 
  so , how have you functioned as a country before . 
  you have had this since the 18th century , what has changed now ? 
  also , if it is that bad , i supppose the call for change will grow until somethings happen . 
  i do understand that some things are difficult to change , all countries have that but other countries with a two party system manage changes , i do not see why the us could n't . 
  also , at least compared to us you have politicians who disagree more . 
  when i look at some of your more , ahem , let us call them colourful tea party members who obviously got elected and compare them to some pot smoking thing from seattle - there is a huge difference . 
   cutting military adventurism is difficult because anyone who advocates it is painted as someone who wants america to be invaded ( a ridiculous notion , but it does work to get people to the polls ) , and there are lots of people and companies whose livelihoods are tied to it , and they wo n't willingly let it go . 
  it might be difficult , but not impossible . 
  however , it is still a democratic choice the americans * could * make , but they choose not to . 
  so , you keep your military spendings because you want to . 
  you honestly have no clue , do you . 
  you are still using that , as an excuse , for your * current * military spending which is more * than the next 30 countries put together * . 
  you do not even seem to grasp the simple fact that it is way to much and you would hardly be invaded if you cut it with one third , tomorrow . 
  also , you are thinking and acting like you are some defender of freedom . 
  maybe 70 years ago , but your behaviour since , in the middle east , vietnam and elsewhere has proven that you do not care one tiny bit about ideals like democracy and freedom , just about your interests , that is all . 
  so , stop claiming ideals no one in the world believes you champions one tiny bit ( do you want me to give you examples of working against those ideals , every single fucking day ) and just come out and say `` we want to rule the world and for that we need to invade a few countries every now and then and we need a huge military complex '' . 
  no one , belives you champion freedom . 
  for god 's sake , at least read what the other americans in this thread states , they are being far more honest than you are . 
   you might have grown up in a soviet utopia in sweden without the u.s. guaranteeing your security . 
  sigh , you are one of those americans . 
  good night . 
   fighting two wars tends to get a bit expensive , which is why spending has gone up . 
  it 's set for for big cuts as we wind down operations in afghanistan and iraq . 
  anyway , that is what i said , that you should cut down on your military spending . 
  if you are doing it - why are we arguing ( apart from the fact that i do not believe that you will , you need wars to keep your military complex alive ) . 
   asian countries are quarreling over territorial claims in their seas . 
  check out a newspaper and read about it . 
  the entire point of our presence their is prevent war from breaking out , not to go to war . 
  seriously , i know that they quarrell , but a ) that does n't mean you have to be there because half of the time you just make things worse , * and * it still does n't justify the military spendings you currently have . 
   the u.s. has only been hegemon since the early 90 's , and thus only in a position to guarantee global balance of power since the early 90 's . 
  the u.s. , along with our significant allies like britain and france , rebuilt the international system we all live in after ww2 , and it has brought a period of unprecedented peace to the west . 
  the u.s. is responsible for maintaining that system , and that requires us to spend a significant portion of our budget on security . 
  jesus , are you trolling me ? 
  like you helped with vietnam ? 
  chile ? 
  iraq ? 
  and that is * still * not good enough reason for your spendings . 
  if the 90 's were good enough - go back to the spendings you did then . 
  your spendings have increased exponentially since ( almost obviously ) . 
   we ca n't in any really meaningful way . 
  we have treaties to maintain , sea lanes to protect , etc. 
  plus allies end up losing their shit - like saudi arabia and other gulf countries right now - if we do anything to pull back you managed to do that just fine before 2001 actually . 
  your spending has increased almost exponentially since . 
  the us military budget is as big as * the next 30 countries on the list put together * . 
  why not just make it as big as the next 15 countries put together . 
  do you think china is about to attack ? 
   used responsibly the us military can keep the peace by maintaining the balance of power between countries . 
  obviously iraq was gross misuse of that power , but if the u.s. was n't so involved with what 's going on in asia right now it could turn into an asian ww1 really fast . 
  when have you ever used it responsible ? 
  which decade ? 
  and , why were you less responsible in the 80 's and 90 's , when your defense budget was a lot smaller ? 
  and frankly , why on earth is asia going to war , and have n't you learned not to go to war in asia ? 
  how bad can it be ? 
  we bring ikea , pop music , meat balls and ombudsm\u00e4n . 
  just surrender ... ... 
  you said yes , as a country , united , republicans and democrats to the war on terror . 
  i think you could choose to stop it . 
  you have always had republicans and democrats and the same constitution and still managed to say no to war and and cut down your military complex . 
  what has changed ? 
  and , other countries with two party systems manage to change . 
  so , why not the us and why not now ? 
  you can still do it , i still do n't see any scientific reasons why not . 
  the only reason i see is that not enough vote against stuff , but that is the choice of the people in the us . 
  i am sure the person you describe exists btw . 
  go for it . 
  a ) i think people might believe that you think swedes are fucked in the head . 
  i do not mean that you think that , i just think your english might be a tad confusing . 
  b ) you linked to a russian article without explanation or translation . 
  but you forget that almost every single congressman/senator voted for the iraq war . 
  that was the people 's choice !, 
  you wanted that war . 
  do you want me to link to polls when i get back ? 
  you guys wanted that war , more than anything . 
  you forget that you have voted to increase the military budget every year . 
  you forget that the american people could punish obama , or anyone else who goes to war behind their back , or a congressman who supports it by electing someone else . 
  debt ceiling default and shutdown - well , do n't go republican then ?
