  been there , it was lovely . 
  it is generally not the metro , it is the trains and roslagsbanan as far as i know ( or perhaps the parts that run above ground ) . 
  i think they have hired less people and as much as can be automised , not everything can be . 
   it 's not like it never gets cold here , and it 's not like italy does n't have snow either . 
  i know that , but both sweden and finland have had real problems with italian trains and trams , unfortunately. , as evident from this thread perhaps we have bought from another company , or something . 
  they must knwo what to do up there , or northern us ? 
  someone must know how to make trains that can run in the winter . 
  maybe we should have gotten a bigger budget if it was something exciting , new , something contributing to the knowledge of mankind , a lot of new technology etc , not just idiots who did n't manage to consult a geologist before they started to build it :-) . 
  in northern sweden they bought german/french ( alston ) trains that could n't handle snow and cold , and in dalarna they bought italian trains that had the same problem . 
  my suggestion is that we should only be allowed to buy trains from canada , finland , switzerland , austria , russia and norway ( possibly the us as well ) . 
  i still love the comment `` if one can go to the moon and back , one can build a tunnel through hallands\u00e5sen '' . 
  well , people have gone to the moon and back faster than we can build that bloody tunnel . 
  maybe , in light of the latest scandals , i should add , that is officially paid . 
  but you ca n't even share your own knowledge ? 
  why are the eu and norway so bad ? 
  excuse me , do you not have an answer to why you are so good , and the norwegians and the eu are so bad ? 
  i am honestly interested . 
  probably , but that is not the reason . 
  and frankly , i think it would be far more beneficial for israel to a ) qualify for a world championship or something equal , b ) not to mention the trillions every single country in that region would earn if there actually was peace in the middle east . 
  who is suggesting this ? 
  is it some sort of scandinavian joint venture ? 
  in israels case it is because they are not allowed to be in whatever the arabic version of european broadcasting union is , and they are the organiszers of eurovision . 
  [ link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/israel_in_the_eurovision_song_contest ) . 
  it is the same with sports - many of the middle east countries do not formally recognise israel , and refuse to play against them . 
  i also think it could be very dangerous for israeli athletes to go to some countries , they are not even allowed to i belive . 
  so , israel compete with the europeans . 
  at least in sports , i 'd say it is a huge loss for israel , european countries are far better at sport than the middle eastern ones . 
  i think they 'll have a much better chance to beat jemen and saudi in football , than france and croatia . 
   the faroe islands government has finally recognised that we need to ensure sustainability , so that is what the majority want . ', 
  you do know that the eu , iceland , norway , china , russia and the us for example makes the exact same claim ? 
  why should i believe your claim ? 
   but faced with outlandish demands from our neighbours you have n't said what these demads are ? 
  i have asked you several times now , why ca n't you do that ? 
  what would a norwegian , icelander or eu person say ? 
  you are just claiming that the faraoe islands are right , but not what the claims are ( and there are not all about herring ) . 
  why is norway wrong . 
  btw , they have far more sustainable fishing than the eu . 
   as officially stated here there has actually been a significant increses in the abundance of herring in faroese waters , hence the faroese claims for a greater share of the quotas . 
  sigh . 
  i am getting so bloody tired of that . 
  as soon as a species is not on the brink of extinction any more people want to fish more . 
  that is * not * sustainable and you are just as bad as the rest . 
  why should you have greater share ? 
  what are the arguments for that ? 
  i honestly have n't checked the faraoe islands waters , but i have never heard of a country who does n't think they deserve a bigger cut . 
  not saying you are wrong - but why are you in the right ? 
  so what makes your claim better than other countries ? 
  what are norway 's and eu 's argument , the must have pretty good arguments too ? 
  what happens if i ask a norwegian , what would they say ? 
  would they agree to your claims ? 
  if you agree that everyone should have lower quotas , your arguments have nothing to do with the fishing industry or fishing then , you are simply mad at the eu , norway and iceland i guess for the fishing equivalent of land grabbing ? 
  while i am sure that is true for you , that does not seem like it is the goal for the faraoe fishing industry . 
  to me it seems like the faraoe fishing industry want bigger quotas , like all other fishing industry i might add . 
  with that i mean that you are hardly better/worse than the eu , norwegians etc when it comes to fishing so i do n't think it would make a difference at all for the fishes in the oceans whether they get overfished by us , norway or the faroe island . 
  i might add though that i am better at norway 's and iceland 's industries than faraoe 's , and i prefer them both to the eu . 
  in some countries , like the us , one mainly uses fishing days . 
  in some areas , like the eu , it is mainly quotas . 
  both ways have their drawbacks and advantages . 
  personally i actually prefer a combination . 
  but is n't the reason that you want the faroe island to have a larger share based on history and the importance of the industry for the faroe islands , not that the herrings are in such abundance ? 
  it seems to me from the article that the faroe islands do not want to fish less ( although you might ) , they want to fish more . 
  that is not very sustainable , is it ? 
  i know that the eu fish to much , but so do you . 
  two wrongs do not make a right . 
  well , then , since you are so well informed , explain why the herring quotas should be higher , and i 'd like links to scientific journals please , and thorough explanations . 
  i think the herring quotas for faroe islands , eu and iceland - well all of us , should be lower . 
  what are qualifications apart from being a rude person who do not seem to be able to back up your claims ? 
  you assumed , rudely , that i had no clue what i was talking about or that i did n't even read the article just because i wanted lower quotas . 
  among the two if us i 'd say i know more . 
  and - you even admitted that i was right - the quotas should be lower , for the faroe islands as well . 
  or - do you really think it is a good idea with overfishing ? 
  if so - why ? 
  also - do you think quotas should be based in science , or on history ? 
  if science - we are all going to fish less . 
  if based on history - why ? 
  i give you the same answer i gave funfarm . 
   i think it is rather presumptuous of you to assume that i did not read that article . 
  what do you base that assumption on ? 
  furthermore , my assumption that your fishing quotas are to high ( together with almost everyone else 's i might add , including eu , china etc ) comes from several biology courses at uni , one of them in particular aimed at fishing , the other one at preservation ecology . 
  what do your base your facts on ? 
  also , i 'd like to know what your qualifications are ? 
  the eu quotas are too high , not just about herring , but so are the faroe 's islands . 
  at least you admit now that they were too high - so yes , i was right . 
  perhaps then you should get a higher percentage of the lower quota , but you have to understand - if we truly practised sustainable fishing you would fish far , far less . 
  so , really , this is just a warning what is to come if you truly want to fish sustainable . 
  the reason you should , as you suggested , get a higher percentage of the lower quotas is from what i understand historical - it is what you have been living on , so you are understandably perhaps , a bit angry . 
  i do n't care however , i think basing quotas on history is scientifically unsound . 
  the quotas have to reflect the reality of todays oceans , not who built a fishing village in year 17xx . 
  sorry , but the faroe island , just like any other fish based industry , have to build up another industry . 
  do you know how little fish there is in the oceans now ? 
  have too look at my notes , but am sure you are aware of the fact that the herring population fluctuates . 
  also , again , i have to look at the notes , but i am pretty sure that the herrings have moved in the last years , which the quotas are not reflecting . 
  i am pretty sure that iceland are making use of that btw . 
  that irritates me a bit , i usually like iceland 's fishing policy ( or perhaps should i say , hate it far less than other countries ) since you asked me - what are your qualifications ? 
  i think it is rather presumptuous of you to assume that i did not read that article . 
  what do you base that assumption on ? 
  furthermore , my assumption that your fishing quotas are to high ( together with almost everyone else 's i might add , including eu , china etc ) comes from several biology classes at uni , one of them in particular aimed at fishing , the other one at preservation ecology . 
  what do your base your facts on ? 
   the same does n't happen in the forest because of the big amounts of leaves there , not because leaves do n't decompose . 
  i am pretty sure we have that amount of leaves in our garden :-) .
