  naming streets feels like honoring him . 
  at least it is an honour here . 
   it was her wish in the first place to be buried next to but that does n't mean that you have to give her a * state funeral * what did she do that means that you have to give her * the highest honour * answer that polease . 
   as i already told you , she had a hard life the last thirty years or so , so in a way , so every old woman who has had a hard life in serbia gets a state funeral ? 
  cool , i had no idea ... ... .  i agree , but how can you say that we honor dictators he a ) you defend them , as you do . 
  b ) you give their relatives state funerals . 
  that is the highest respect . 
   we granted her the last wish she had , that does n't make us dictator-lovers , but respectful people . 
  do n't give me that shit . 
  one can be respectful * without * giving a state funeral . 
  most countries are respectful , and * we do n't give dictators relatives the highest honours we can * . 
  so , yes , you are honoring dictators . 
  if you * just * wanted to be respectful , you could just have given her a nice funeral . 
  paid for it , no expenses spared etc - but not a state funeral . 
  so , no , you are far , far beyond respectful , you are saying that she is super great , and since she apparently did n't do anything , you are only honouring her because she is related to a dictator that had people killed . 
  you do n't see any other former communist countries running around honoring , and * defending * which you are , their former dictators , do you ? 
  do you see the romanians on this board doing it ? 
  germans ? 
  hardly , so yes , you are definately honoring dictators . 
  you even will not admit to the fact that he was a dictatator and had people murdered . 
  you are honouring him . 
   `` if you did n't speak too bad about him then the government left you alone . 
  he made some moderate progress - people did n't starve . '', 
  unless you did n't do something he did n't like , or belong to the thousands of people he had murdered ... ... ... it is weird to me that people like him and ignore what he did or that he did n't care for democracy . 
   it 's not just sebia . 
  in ljubljana ( capital city of slovenia ) where i live they renamed a road after him in 2009 . 
  thankfully that was overturned , but still what the actual fuck . 
  wtf - good thing it was overturned . 
  i do n't see why we should honour dictators really , at all . 
  yes , i know , because he was * the head of state * . 
  do you think they would go for mrs pinochet , or that the chilean state would give her a state funeral ? 
  the germans to mrs honecker ? 
  is that your claim ? 
  so what you are saying is that if our king goes somewhere , to a funeral or a state visit , the person must be a good democratic elected person ? 
  no , it does not work that way . 
  for one thing , they have visited the vatican , bahrein , china , etc - several of his visits are to promote trade for example . 
  obviously you do not know what he does . 
  or are you saying that the whole world use our king as a mark ? 
  and the current serbian state too ? 
  however , you commentsthat does not in any way answer why they serbians are so extremely fond of a * dictator * so they honour his relatives with a state funeral . 
  if they do * not * love him , why then give his relative a state funeral ? 
  do you think the german would give that to a honecker ? 
  is anyone forcing them ? 
  what other reason than the fact that they love tito can there be ? 
  tell me then . 
  so the love communistic dictators . 
  i have a hard time understanding that yes . 
  i do n't see the romanians honouring ceausescu or the germans honecker . 
  to each their own i suppose . 
  i would n't say tito is well known and respected throughout the world , communist dictators seldom are . 
  not in my part of the world at least . 
  what parts of the world do you refer to ? 
  is this at the same time that scotland [ is blocking fracking on environmental grounds ] ( http://www.utilityweek.co.uk/news/scotland-to-block-fracking-on-environmental-grounds/934082?utm_content=bufferfe3c6&amp;utm_source=buffer&amp;utm_medium=twitter&amp;utm_campaign=buffer#.umumifo42zw ) ? 
  will she go to jail ? 
  some people do , but actually most do n't . 
  i kind of like it sometimes . 
  the worst is darkness without snow , snow brighten things up . 
  and i like all the winter sports and eat my d - vitamins . 
  then one is set :-) . 
  it sounds strange to me . 
  as someone from a country where the sun soon might go up at 8 and go down at 14 , and it never really gets dark in the summer , i do think it has to do with your own behaviour . 
  of course we are influenced by light , but not solely . 
  if the spanish decides to , they can go to bed earlier , or eat lunch earlier . 
  bulgarians - will the parents and the other parents be punished ? 
  i do n't know about bulgaria but is very illegal to sell children here . 
  or buy them . 
  also , if she wants a good life for her daughter , what is wrong with adoptive agencies ? 
  furthermore , if the other couple already had +6 kids , why did they want more ? 
  i think there was another politician who was a former marine and wrestler if i remember correctly - jesse ventura . 
  in case scwarzenegger ca n't change the constitution ... 
   statistics that actually show `` roma commit more crime than kurds or swedes '' . 
  from there you can try to discuss why we think that is happening well , the short answer if you want statistics between ethnic groups , then you do n't . 
  that is very , very frustrating ( to me as a science person ) . 
  the long answer is however , you kind of do anyway . 
  for example , skolverket ( the school authorithies ) have been forced to make studies on why roma children have such enormous high non attendance and why they perform so badly in school . 
  also , several other studies have been made on why they do n't go to school . 
  romas do not like being registrated , but studies have been made with the romas , or introduction by the romas . 
  i do n't think any other group has that poor attendance record , it is extremely unique . 
  nor are they that unwilling to cooperate with anyone non roma . 
  and there are the kurdish association , the somalii association etc. 
  the only other one that has even remotely that problem , is perhaps the somalii . 
  but if you look at the kurdish association or look at school studies made over the kurds , they are nowhere close to the problems that the romas have . 
  so , in that sense you can see it . 
  but , if you want a record of `` romas who graduated in 2003 '' you are right , there is none . 
  however , in comparisons one can still see it . 
  also , in the interviews made for the academic studies , there is often the mention of a deep mistrust against `` the majority society '' in a way you may find in some families otherwise but not in the whole group.the kurds as a whole do not deeply mistrust the swedish society . 
  also , it is something the romas themselves bring up some time . 
  just like the kurds might bring up the question of honour killings , the romas bring forth the question of lack of schooling or criminality . 
  so , if you compare the issues that concerns the kurds , people who were just as badly treated and illiterate 35 years after they started coming to sweden , it is not the same as the issues concerning the romas . 
  the kurds have better education , ministers , interact with society etc. 
  not that there are not issues , but not * only * issues . 
  it is the same if you look at studies made about unemplyment etc. 
  you have to go around it a bit , but it is still clear if you make a comparison . 
  just like we have no statistic about honour killings between groups you hardly have to be a statician to know that it is far more common among kurds , than ethiopians ( where i have n't heard about it really , but not saying it has never happened ) . 
  do we have that statistic comparing those two groups ? 
  no , of course not . 
  do we still know there is a huge difference - yes we do . 
  ethiopian girls do n't gt murdered by their parents/uncles , nor do they seek help from authorithies in droves . 
  and , it is not something the academia has discovered in interviews either , nor is it mentioned by grown ethiopians . 
  so , yes , with big certainty we can say , that honour killings is far more common among kurds .
