  proof - that is a very scientifically shaky russian report you are quoting with no support . 
  why do n't we stick to the who one ? 
  but again - why do n't you care or give a shit abot the people you kill with coal ? 
  why dont ' you care about climate change that kills people and that is happening ? 
  instead of actually acting , you are killing more , just because something might happen . 
  guess what - climate change is happening now and germany is choosing coal above nuclear . 
  that is not caring about the climate . 
  yes there is . 
  sweden is . 
  please read . 
  then say why it is scientifically impossible for germany to take care of it . 
  no , now you are wrong . 
  * your * nuclear waste might be leaking , that is becaue you do n't take care of it . 
   maybe it 's because we are to dumb , could be , but apparently we do not know how to store nuclear waste safe - and yes you do - you choose not to . 
  * we are storing our nuclear waste safe - for hundred thousands of years * why ca n't you ? 
  give me reasons for that ? 
  good ones . 
  please read . 
  read up about it . 
  then give me good reasons why germany can not find a solution - scientific ones . 
  all your reasons are political . 
  fix that . 
  nuclear plants have exploded/accidents . 
  still - * adding to climate change when you do not have to * and * the one million that already dies from coal * . 
  that is happening . 
  how can you be do heartless and ignore that !, 
  yes , we do . 
  we had competitions in sweden - municipalities competed . 
  please look it up . 
  yes i do . 
  reasonably near . 
  and , around 200 km from final storage . 
  do you ? 
  no , that is not enough reasons for me . 
  one million a year dies from coal - we need a tjernobyl a week for those deaths . 
  if your arguments are deaths , how on earth can you still have coal above nuclear ? 
  and i have n't even started on the death from climate change which the coal adds to . 
  how come you do n't care about the deaths in coal ? 
  how come you ignore climate change ? 
  oh - it is ok . 
  i do n't care about internet points , but thanks anyway . 
  i do n't think people like to think about the fact that germany actually chose emissions and adding to climate change above non emissions and not adding . 
  they like to think it is righteous and doing the right thing . 
  from what i understand there is also a misunderstanding about nuclear . 
  people are saying there is no way to take care of nuclear waste . 
  that is not true - but the germans have a political standstill about that . 
  however there is n't a scientific standstill . 
  lot of germans do n't seem to understand that . 
  to get a currency union to work one needs common financial fiscal political union as well - not just currency union . 
  one need shared debt , huge fiscal permanent transfers and a completely different central bank . 
  none of that - which would take decades , is even in the pipeline . 
  so no - the crises will continue . 
   everyone is italy and france ( probably spain too ) admitted that . 
  har france and italy publicly admitted that the eurozone does n't work ? 
  i have n't seen that . 
   i understand why he said it , but i do n't think he should have said it like that . 
  he postulated certainty where there 's none . . 
  the problem is that i do n't belive draghi . 
  obviously my opinion does n't matter , but many people think like me and think the ez is heading for deflation/depression . 
  and draghi do not have the power or the tools to counter that . 
  i think the eurozone might have to learn new words , and a scary ones at that . 
  [ debt deflation ] ( http://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/debtdeflation.asp ) , [ liquidity trap ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liquidity_trap ) and [ deflationary spiral ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deflation#deflationary_spiral ) . 
  good luck , you are going to need it . 
  we all are . 
  did you even read that ? 
  it said that nuclear has the lowest deathprint . 
  i mean , from where does your statement come that nuclear does n't count cancer ? 
  it does in the who reports . 
  that is no reason to choose coal over nuclear . 
  why do you still have coal that adds to climate change ? 
  oh - so you have no arguments against the nuclear storage apart from the fact that science have been wrong in other areas ? 
  that is a strawman if i ever saw one . 
  please - let us get back on the subject . 
  explain in detail what is wrong with our storage . 
  yes - slapping science on something does work !, 
  or are you saying you disapprove of science ? 
  do you pray when you get sick instead of going to the doctor . 
  do you believe the sun goes around the earth or the other way around . 
  do you hate all science ? 
  please - give legitimate criticism against sweden and finland and do n't just say because someone in another area somewhere has n't succeeded . 
  so - what is it , in detail , that you do not think will work with the swedish and the finnish solutions . 
  solving them as in taking a scientific approach and get an approval from whatever the international agencies name that oversse such things is . 
  sweden and finland have done this you know . 
  gotten approval for end storage for hundred thousands of years . 
  approval from the scientific community . 
  what is stopping germany from finding a solution of their own ? 
  why do n't you solve your own problems ? 
  we can , finland can - why ca n't germany ? 
  ok - what is your definition of permanent ? 
  when i say permanent i mean hundred thousands of year until the uranium is no longer harmful . 
  only sweden and finland are really making progress there . 
  so - maybe salt was how germany stored it , but it was not permanent storage that had received approval from the `` international whatever the name is nuclear agency that approves stuff like that '' and - i still see absolutely no reason why germany ca n't store , permanently store or handle nuclear properly . 
  the only difference i see is that germany does n't want to . 
  that is an explanation , hardly an excuse . 
  it is very cost effective to battle climate change . 
  if you have to sources - one with emissions and one without - why did the germans choose to keep the one with emissions instead of battling climate change . 
  who does that ? 
   some granite does n't mean it 's usable . 
  you need an area without fault lines , and without fault lines for millennia . 
  the alps are still geologically active , they 're growing .
