  he is originally from tanzania , and have lived in sweden since the 80 's . 
  and , there has n't existed a single situation yet where he has n't been racially offended and played the victim card . 
  my favourite was when a well known history professor wrote a book about slavery between the years 1200-1800 and kitimbwa sabuni managed to be offended because he also included that african/middle eastern slave trade and also included wrote how africans themselves had a part in the trans atlantic slave trade . 
  sabuni got soundly and academically beaten on that one though . 
  which of course , made him more of a victim ... 
  why is it stupid . 
  in detail with links please . 
  so , explain to me how we are going to finance it ? 
  also , i 'd like for you to explain how we are going to solve the corruption . 
  evidently the eu have no working strategy against it ? 
  if we had , italy and greece would be less corrupt . 
  so , the eu gets more and more corrupt for every corrupt country we add . 
  and our money get swindled away , just like south italy . 
  how are you going to fix that - in detail . 
  also , explain to me how we are going to get more country to contribute - the structural funds do not work . 
  thank you for finally answer properly , i never though anyone would actually adress the question . 
   you hold a unusually high standard to the mass production of pigs for general consumer consumption . 
  no , not really . 
  that is normal actually , and it could most certainly be as well for denmark . 
  sweden and norway are successful , and as far as i know , finland , uk and the netherlands are fighting the good fight to . 
  in fact , i mean , usually they group dk/swe / / no/sf up there , so i honestly do not understand why denmark are not with us . 
  i think dk should take that as a compliment - i expect more from a country like denmark . 
  i hold denmark to higher standards then russia , the us etc. 
   however sweden dos n't produce pigs on the same scale denmarks dos , and we have a far smaller area to prduce the pigs in , and thus disease can spread faster and thus the need for more antibiotics than sweden . 
  hmm - i think it is the * way * you farm , not the area of the country that counts . 
  if so , then canada , us , australia and russia should be completely clean , and they are not . 
  most certainly not us , us is horrible . 
  so , that is really not an explanation , i am sad to say . 
   i agree that eu should reward countries that tries to use less antibiotics , and the danish state already does that for our pig producers . 
  good , so do we , norway , uk etc. 
  maybe the eu will eventually learn , but maybe not . . it is the eu after all . 
  their top prioroty is not to be sensible or smart . 
   the smaller area and larger production of pigs also helps spreading msra , however you make it sound like we dont care , but it is a mayor concern among pig producers and exports and we are actively combating it the best we can . 
  well , i do not know if you saw the links i posted , but 88 % of the slauhgtered meat ( pigs ) have mrsa , and it has/is increasing . 
  and , more than 1500 people get it every year . 
  the danish minister of agriculture is worried , everyone is worried , but not the danes in this thread apparently . 
  i am sorry . 
  if 88 % of the meat carries mrsa , it is not a high quality meat to me , and i honestly do not understand how anyone can say it is . 
  and then i have n't even mentioned the salmonella . 
  ( i can post the links if you want ) . 
   but neither do i live in a country where it does n't exist , because it would be nearly impossible to eradicate them , nor do i know anyone that hunts or have a farm , so i cant get ecological produced meat , and thus i have to live with the very small possibility of salmonella or msra , like the majority of people in the western world . 
  unfortunaly disease is a part of life and we have to live with the possibilty . 
  yes and no . 
  i understand that i ( and a lot of swedes ) are lucky with hunting and it is not a possibility for most people , and eco meat is to expensive . 
  so , one live with what one can buy , and live with the risks . 
  i get that , and i do not object to that - how could i ? 
  what i object to is calling it high quality . 
  also , when you say you have to live with the riskt - no , you do n't . 
  not long term . 
  we do n't , nor does norway . 
  and , frankly , it is not like we have some sort of magic formula - we just have laws . 
  and follow them . 
  we are not that smart or crafty - we just made it a prioroty . 
  and your government , the danish government , french etc , could do that to - if they and the people care . 
  so , i object to saying that one have to live like that - we do n't , one does n't have to . 
  one could change ones ways instead . 
   i buy danish meat , done it all my life , and no i have never been infected with salmonella . 
  mot people do not get salmonella , but it is still bad if you have it om the meat . 
  statistically , more people get it if the meat is infected , just like mrsa . 
  and it is rising in denmark , from animal meat ( mrsa ) . 
  sweden did n't have a single one from meat , so the numbers does matter . 
  an individual like you can escape , but not a population . 
   but we have to balance the wellbeing of the pigs with what is economical , we cant pamper all our pigs , because then no one would be able to afford to buy them . 
  but in that one should then include the cost for society for mrsa and salmonella . 
  sick days , all of it . 
  then it would be financially smart to remove those and use less antibiotics . 
  and , think about the cost of not being able to use antibiotics ... basically , the discussion started when the danes said ( and still say ) that they have high quality meat . 
  honestly , i do not agree with that , and i do n't think my standard is unusually high . 
  if one considers that 88 % of the meat is mrsa infected - then it is a sad world when your standards are said to be to high if you think that is bad and a sign of low quality . 
  and , as i said before - sweden have n't done anything remarkably smart or bright . 
  we have just set standards and followed them . 
  i am sure many more could do that . 
  and , i am most certain that denmark could . 
  the question is why they do n't . 
  a lot , at least in sweden . 
  you started the insults . 
  you called me a troll and a racist . 
  it is easy to blame someone else is n't it ? 
  refuse to see your part b but , what i will take withe is that you and all of denmark claims that 88 % mrsa is high quality , preferably sprinkled with salmonella . 
  i will always remember that for the future with regards to your attitude towards facts , science , quality and how impartial you are about danish products . 
  i know you are a person how will defend denmark no matter the facts . 
  you are a nationalist , not someone who loves facts or science . 
  thank . 
  roughly as i thought ( and i am sure the danes agree to , i 've never heard a dane claim that the colonised iceland or norway ) . 
  i did n't know colonised the faroe islands though , thought that was the danes b, 
  no , i am not . 
  i am however determined to prove that our meat is better . 
  and you are to much of a coward to answer how in the world meat that has a rate of 88 % mrsa is `` high quality '' . 
  we have non btw . 
  the only conclusion i can draw from it that danes consider mrsa meat with sprinkling of salmonella `` high quality '' . 
  no danes here have yet had the courage to confront that number . 
  however , in your own papers you are really worried about the quality . 
  that means that you are lying - your own papers write about how bad that is . 
  so you are a liar , as well as to afraid to admit that 88 % mrsa is really , really bad . 
  it is sad that you are a coward , otherwise the discussion about meat and how the danes are working against mrsa could have been interesting . 
  but now i know - mrsa is something danes like and export . 
  they call it quality . 
  got it . 
  yes , i do n't think the danes would say that . 
  norwegians were `` there '' , like swedes and iceland was mainly colonised from norway i believe .
