  why do we have to give money to countries who treat gay citizens like shit ? 
  in sweden the sd/sweden democrats will be the big winner in the elections , at least that is what i think . 
  they are against the eu . 
  i expect anything anti eu will go well . 
  no , not true yet at least . 
  the person is being investigated as an adoptive parent due to the fact that he is the step father of the child . 
  also , the mother is dead and her last wish was that he would take care of the child and he seems also the only parental figure in the poor child 's life . 
  so , the social authorities at least have to investigate him if he applies . 
  that is what is being done at the moment . 
  and , no one likes it , everyone thinks it is idiotic and that he should n't be allowed to adopt . 
  do n't forget that the germans were not to keen on the common currency but it was a condition from the french for the reunion . 
  sweden , switzerland , norway , denmark and the uk says hello as well . 
  then it will be so i guess . 
  i think that if the eu did n't exist , we nordic countries would have a much much stronger union . 
  apart from free trade , free moving etc , we probably would have more , maybe a common currency in the future . 
  much more research , education , common environmental policy etc. 
  iraq war - the one all of the idiotic us wanted , because of your military comples and the coalition of the willing , britain , nigeria , poland ? 
  there was no opposition from within the us that mattered and you are the most important country . 
  * then * when you realised what the rest of the world already knew - that you would be stuck ( i am not mentioning the nuclear arms , everyone , including the us knew that there was none , it was just a pretext for your military complex . ), 
  in there for a while , that is when the protests came . 
  to me that is complaining that the bullying did n't go as well as expected . 
   sorry , i 'm done with you -- i ca n't spend all day arguing with a naive kid i am not a child and less naive than any american . 
  i find it sad that you think that geopolitics is `` less influenced by good and bad '' - that is truly naive . 
  if so , the us should n't mind if israel disappears for example , what is * good * with them ? 
  there is no good and bad , according to you . 
  genocide is the same thing as peace . 
  bull of course . 
   no , it does n't . 
  yes , it does . 
  if for example a lot of people think it is bad if iran has nuclear arms , and a lot of these people are in france , israel , us , russia , it means that they will not have any . 
  if all those people think it is good - well , then they have it . 
  if enough people think it is is bad to commit genocide , they might try to stop you . 
  how many examples do you want ? 
   instead of focusing on what is good or bad , you should try to understand just what is actually happening . 
  it will provide clarity you currently lack . 
  i know that , but i still see things in good and bad since i am not a sociopath . 
  less co2 in the athmosphere - god for the environment since i want to avoid global warming . 
  more - bad . 
  what you are trying do to do is more of a philosophical position then - as in there is nothing that is good and bad . 
  that has nothing do to with geopolitics , not at all . 
  geopolitics is just a different way of discussing good and bad , it is not removing it , not at all . 
  good and bad for regions can very well be subsitutied with `` interest '' '' development '' etc in geopolitics , but it is still a postion of how you want things to develop , and to even take that position , you need to label stuff . 
  it is still how you `` work '' and `` view '' regions , but in the end , it is about good and bad ( how do we develop south asia ? 
  then you have taken the position that a ) it is good b ) that it is good for you to be there because it might c ) further your interest d , e and f etc. ) . 
  you can not remove good and bad and interest completely and it is frankly a bit silly to think that we are not ruled of how we view the world , both countries , regions and people . 
  neither did i so why did you point it out then ? 
  where did i say it ? 
  please , link . 
  if a lot of people think like me , it does matter though . 
  it does affect us standing in the world , and how we perceive a country that has guantanamo , spy on everybody and invade countries just to keep their military complex going . 
  oh , and almost shutting down themselves too , capital punishment and like locking up black people . 
  nor does yours . 
  are they going to convince me that what the us did was right ? 
  they can start with that after the manage to convince me why guantanamo bay is such a great idea and that the us were right in invading iraq ... 
  small noses are not rare among ethnic swedes , i 'd say it is the most common nose , but of course we are not 100 % small nosed . 
  / small nosed swede from a small nosed family :-) . 
  haha , no , i imagine it is not his ztyle . 
  could be . 
  i found [ this ] ( http://hd.se/multimedia/archive/00162/zlatan_1_jpg_162440d.jpg ) picture of zlatan as a kid and while his nose most definately was smaller , it was still , well a tad big . 
  my guess is that his kids will not have noses that will be as prominent as his , but maybe not small noses . 
  well , i guess we will find out in 10-15 years . 
  for everyone interested in nose sizes/shapes , here is a fairly good answer from yahoo answers [ link ] ( http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20070402173849aaeubju ) . 
  [ why are human noses so prominent ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askanthropology/comments/1cth14/why_are_human_noses_so_prominent_compared_to/ ) . 
  from / r/askanthropology . 
  scientific american - [ the shape of a nose ] ( http://www.scientificamerican.com/article.cfm?id=the-shape-of-a-nose ) . 
  in general , if it is small and/or thin it is a fake . 
  at least that my experience . 
  i mean , not everyone has huge noses , but i have n't really seen anyone with a small one if the person is from the middle east . 
  his sons seems not to have inherited his nose though , although i guess it is to early to tell . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.idrottensaffarer.se/files/imagecache/thickbox_display/story_image/zlatan_med_soner.jpg ), 
  so , why are they teaming up with her again then ? 
  it has been pointed out to me several times , when i am abroad mostly . 
  maybe because i have a very swedish nose . 
  also , a lot of foreigners in sweden have plastic surgery on their noses . 
  i think it is the second most popular plastic surgery after boob jobs . 
  in particular people from the middle east do that . 
  what is sophisticated that we will forget that you are spying on us . 
  another war ? 
  i belive it has more to do with the general climate and trust in the politicians than in minority/majority government . 
  sure , sometimes governments fail , everywhere . 
  but more often they work out , and my guess it that a functioning minority government in germany or sweden might be better than a majority government in greece , or spain , simply due to the trust one has in the government , the level of corruption etc. 
  however , everywher , one need a good and working opposition . 
  according to my spanish friend it was far to long since spain had that . 
  they do n't really think we are that stupid , do they ? 
  nor are the germans and the brazilians that stupid either . 
  i think the english expression might be fluff pieces . 
  by accepting that resolution we might magically develop amnesia and forget nsa . 
  so the un is going to stop the nsa ? 
  hardly . 
  the un ca n't do anything of that kind . 
  it used to be that way to in sweden . 
  we want and have had stable centric governments to . 
  look , we are most certainly not the ideal ( do n't get me started on things i do not like ) but i do think it is very damaging in the long run not to have a proper opposition and just gather everyone under a suffocating umbrella . 
  in the long run that is worse . 
  and - there is always a crises one can blame it on . 
  if it is * that * important - why not make a complete coalition government like in war . 
  if the crises is that big all should agree . 
  however , germany is not in a crises and it is not a good reason not to have an opposition just because other countries have problems . 
  do n't you want an opposition ? 
  is that the kind of government you want ?
