  exactly , i think we agree there . 
   but europe decided to help cyprus , no , some eurozone countries did . 
  you do not seem to distinguish between europe , the eu and the eurozone . 
  most of europe did * not * help cyprus , so when someone whine on all of europe , all of eu , they really should say , `` we should have gotten more money from germany '' . 
   given that europe did help , they should n't have handed cyprus to the russians why not ? 
  at least they have some banks now . 
  because the russians are so corrupt ? 
  unlike the situation in other eu countries , like bulgaria for example , where all is extremely nice , and no corruption whatsoever ? 
  so , why is it worse if cyprus us corrupt than any other country then . 
  should n't we start with the bigger countries , trying to help them - * if * it is a thing for the eu to do . 
  i do not think it is , nor is it in any treaty . 
  furthermore - why did cyprus build up such an industry ? 
  what did they expect ? 
  also , why should poorer countries bail out acountry that willingly build their industry on the russians ? 
  should the bulgarians bail out cyprus so they do not become poor and corrupt , with a lot of russian influences , like bulgaria ? 
  it seems to me that some cypriots is blaming their current situation on anything but themselves , and expect other countries to solve it . 
  no country , ever , anywhere , will get anything done , or anything solved , with that attitide, 
  no , my existance is not a russian roulette bet depending on cyprus banks . 
  please , answer again why other countries in the eu should be responsible for cyprus banks ( against treaties btw ) and why for example bulgaria should bail cyprus 's banks out . 
  no , the older generation in my country have had the opportunity to go abroad . 
  also , most people , apart from folkpartiet ( a party ) do not want the euro for example , regardless of ideology and age . 
  i just think it is a common complaint , to say how different it is from the generation before . 
  i really wonder if it is , each have their own struggles and challenges . 
  i work extra ( i 'm a student ) as a home carer . 
  yesterday was a truly shitty evening , my patient found out her cancer is not curable and she will die . 
  i will be surprised if she lasts the whole year , my guess is she will die in november . 
  so , i spent the evening crying , trying to take care of her , and sometimes trying to get out of the way while she spoke with her friends or just hugged her husband . 
  how can you comfort someone who found out she will die soon ? 
  what do one say ? 
  coming home i cried , then was to tired/upset to sleep then i reddited a bit , then slept . 
  gives you a bit of perspective i guess . 
  you can not use the eu funds for bailout . 
  not only is it illegal , there is also the question why greece should receive more than their fair share of the funds , in particular when there are poorer eu countries around , like rumania and bulgaria . 
  also , the eu money are mostly spoken for . 
  if you take more than your share , someone else will get less . 
  i am envious , we have very few intellectuals . 
  so , the reason they were extinct was that humans hunted them to death ? 
  also , it is rather useless to save them here , if they still get killed in africa and malta ( by humans ) , so i hope that projects like this put more pressure on the maltese for example to stop killing birds for fun . 
  however , the project seems positive , and i wish them good luck . 
  it is a common bird here in sweden . 
  you can even see it in the center of stockholm ( as with the white tailed eagle ) it is just that people never look up :-) . 
   i believe they will be payed back partially . 
  depends of what you mean with partially . 
  will they perhaps pay back some of it , 15 years from now to a super low interest rate , then yes . 
  otherwise , no . 
  i mean , the debt/gdp is 170 % now and a negative growth . 
  i think one hardly has to be an economic wizard to see that they need a ) another bailout b ) debt reduction . 
  germany/merkel is just trying to stall it to after the election . 
  and , they will get it , and the costs will be transferred to other european tax payers , ecb etc. 
  i am also guessing that greece will get new , cheaper loans , again . 
   and , of course , because the imf ca n't contribute to future bailouts if it ca n't at least half-plausibly pretend it will get payed back in full . 
  i think that they have given up pretending that they would be paid back . 
  it is like the ecb in ela gives as much weight to greece 's government security as to germany 's government securities . 
  imf can just do the same , and pretend that they are equal . 
   of course , there are several reasons why nobody will talk numbers yet agree , as you said , the elections.sad , i think it should be discussed , with all the numbers , including target 2 and ela . 
   `` why do you cut greek debt but not ours ? '', 
  true , and also - why do we pay for that ? 
  the problem comes when those truths collides with the facts . 
  as in one might `` feel '' that the greek can fix their own economy , no problem that the euro is the most imperfect of currencies . 
  at some point the facts tend to take over , and then with a vengenance , as greece so aptly demonstrates . 
  the swedish finance minister who is rather outspoken has clearly stated that he does not think any of the loans will be paid back ( and perhaps indicated that anyone who thinks it is lying/not exactly of their right mind ) . 
  not that we are bailing out greece , but as anders borg said , he does attend the meetings , and anyone who takes a look at greece 's debt will understand that it is impossible for them to pay back their debt . 
  i have come to realise that , in particular when the facts might point to bad things with regards to the euro/bailouts . 
  if we ignore facts , perhaps they will go away , seem to be the attitude . 
  i do n't even know if they have done it on paper . 
  greece has received 100 billions not counted in the article from the ecb and owe something like 160 billions as well . 
  all through target 2 and ela . 
  it seems like der spiegeleisen did n't count that . 
  yes , that is the strenght of sects/terrorists/fanatics . 
  they do not have to ask if it is a good fight , listen to the people/parliament etc , they can just throw themselves in wherever they want . 
  it is possible , but a lot harder for democracies to do that . 
  ha - i knew it !, 
  merkel wants bunga bunga parties as well . 
  oh , the images that enters my head are really nsfl/nsfs ( not safe for sleep ) . 
  are we calculating with the hundreds of billions that greece owes germany through the ecb then , outside of the official loan packages ? 
  i think germany is owed something around 800 billion , ( 2012 ) but not all of it is greece . 
  forget what it is called , but as far as i know there is no interest . 
  i think they `` forgot '' that one . 
  can check my book and return with numbers later . 
  edit : i am referring to target 2 . 
  in june 2012 the debt of the crises countries to ecb was ** 1,1 trillion euros ** through target 2 and ela . 
  the spanish debt alone was 350 billions . 
  greece 's debt was 110 billion . 
  also - greece has received 100 billion through ela . 
  also - does anyone know how much debt has been created through ela - emergency liquidity assistance ? 
  fascinating that there seem to be no interest in target 2 . who else can get that deal - anywhere . 
  edit 2 : why downvotes for facts ? 
  please everyone , check out target 2 and ela , they are not in this calculation . 
  all numbers are from stefan de vylders book `` eurokrisen/the euro crises '' . 
  professor of economics at handelsh\u00f6gskolan and even if one does not agree with him , he is not lying about the numbers . 
  but the problem is that the brothers , and people like them a ) return to europe , all indoctrinated with al - quaida shit and then decide to blow up something here for the glory of god . 
  b ) those moderates who fight assad in syria need help , not extremists . 
  so , due to the fact that we ( europe ) ca n't control our citizens in europe , they get more extremists in the middle east , a place where they really do not need it . 
  of course they do , but after the election ... 
  no , of course not . 
  part of the reason of the marshall plan was to make sure europe did n't fall into the hands of the communism + not repeat wwi mistake . 
  well , europe and the us have managed to avoid both . 
  i do not see a risk of communism taking over the world if greece does n't get more free money . 
   i would loan them the money myself if i could . 
  apparently the market does n't agree with you .
