  if you are so desperate to stay , stay , but do n't try to change the rules anyway but democratic , do n't whine about countries or institutions following the rules , do n't ask or receive any more money , ever , and stop whining . 
  greece can quit , or if greece want to stay ( which i think is bad for you ) greece can start to learn economics 101 . 
  it is not germany 's fault that you are in the shit . 
  deal with it !, 
  stop also to pretend to agree with me while blaming and whining over germany . 
  seriously , it is really idiotic . 
  i do not believe you at all anymore . 
  you seem reasonable sometimes , but then you go all superidiotic and blame greece 's low competitiveness on stuff like germany 's deficit . 
  yes , like a change in that would fix the euro or greece . 
  and you seem to have this desillusional thought that the rest of the eu are just dying to send half their gdp to brussel so we can fix southern europe , while tanking our own economy . 
  not bloody likely , and if you want a swedis poll i can send it to you . 
  ffs , we fought like hell over a * 1 % budget * . 
  go to / r/economics and explain that germany 's deficit , is the cause of greece 's problem - do it , i dare you . 
  then go to the individual subreddits and ask how many would vote for permanent huge transfers to the south . 
  according to you it is only germany in the way , so everyone else would say yes , and soon , for according to you it is not that difficult changing a treaty . 
  do it . 
  i am sorry about greece 's situation , but finding scapegoats where there are none , or twisting the reality is not going to help . 
  i read ( parts of ) the pdf , thank you.and i agree in a way , rules do not help the eurozone , really . 
  i do n't think stricter rules can save/shape up the eurozone . 
  but , however , just because one does n't like the rules , one should n't ignore them , like with the debt/gdp . 
  and , of course rules should/can be changed - but it has to be done through a democratic fashion , and through the proper channels . 
  if one do not like the inflation goal of the ecb , well , change the statue . 
  if one want a transfer union - well , change the treaty . 
   lastly , the rules shaping the eurozone have already been amended since the crisis began and the eurobond is just one proposal as to how to fix the problems . 
  the eurozone is a mess because the economies are so different and they have no financial and social integration . 
  to change that one * has * to change the treaty . 
  and , it will be a no . 
  every single successful currency union has huge financial transfers . 
  and , of course northern europe will vote no to that . 
  and , eurobonds is a way of handing over southern debt to norhern shoulders , something the treaty specifically forbids , just like they forbid helping individual countries and bail outs . 
  i think the euro is a really badly constructed currency . 
  it might work for northern europe because they are on equal footing but it will not work with southern europe . 
  we see that now , how they are struggling with their internal devaluation . 
  and , there are two ways to fix that . 
  either one creates a full fiscal union , a united states of europe with all it entails , huge transfers , common politics etc. 
  like germany . 
  or , the countries who are not competitive ( or perhaps the competitive countries , one of the two ) quit . 
  since alternative a would mean the end of the nation state and that for example finland would send 40 % of the gdp south to make sure that portugals health care was covered while simoultanesly cutting down on its own - well , lets just say no northern country would vote yes to that . 
  in fact , i do n't think any state would vote to end themselves , which a fully fledged union would mean . 
  so , i belive in alternative b. 
  at least the southern states would have their destiny in their hands , and have a chance to recover . 
  to do as one does no , trudge on with a little change here , a little there , is just cruel . 
  the euro should never have been constructed the way it looks now , and everyone is paying the price for it . 
  better get out as soon as one can . 
   and about the economic affairs , the problem i see is that we 're stuck in a half-assed monetary union that took away important tools that countries have to govern themselves . 
  yes , my advice is to quit the euro , it is an idiotic currency . 
  we were taking about the * treaty * and yes it has to be approved by all 28 states . 
  i was not talking about the fiscal pact . 
  i am not hiding behind arguments , i am pointing out facts which you seem to dislike . 
  the ecb first aim is low inflation . 
  that is why it is breaking the rules to have high inflation . 
  and , explain what changes you want in the treaty . 
   but if groups of countries keep diverging from each other , we 'll need different rules and laws for each group in order to bring us back . 
  which two groups ? 
  inside and outside of the euro ? 
   by two sets of rules i mean that , even now , it is n't too late to govern all economic affairs in the eu with one set of rules i do n't think the eu should govern the economic affairs . 
  we said no to that in a vote , and frankly , the eu sucks at it , plus we are an independet state , we have not agreed to hand over economic power to the eu . 
  if there is a united states of europe , we should be allowed to vote about it . 
  we have n't so the eu should stay away from our finances . 
  no , changing the treaty is not against the law , i never said that . 
  i * repeatedly * said that it has to be approved by all 28 states . 
  and , the reason i am asking you what changes you want , is that is how hard is going to be to change it . 
  for example , if you want to support the south with permanent transfers , you will get a no . 
  if you want to change the treaty so that countries should fly the eu flag once a year abot the normal flag - well you might get a yes . 
  but , if you honestly think that 28 countries ( in sweden the euro has an approval rate of 12 % , we have far , far more people who believe in ghosts ) to reflect changes of a permanent transfer union , you will get a no . 
  not only will of course countries like sweden , uk ( honestly , how do you think hollande will convince cameron ) and denmark , but most northern countries will say no to . 
  if you look at working currency unions and federations , there * needs * to be large perment transfers . 
  do you think any northern country would vote yes for large perment transfers to the south ? 
  so , what sort of changes do you want ? 
   treaties and laws get changed quite often , so please stop hiding behind them . 
  no , laws does , treaties do not , so stop saying that . 
  since i recently read a book about stasi , i want to read martin wolf as markus wolf . 
  it is a bit confusing for a second or two . 
   you can always find an extreme example of everything . 
  it does not mean that it will always happen that way . 
  i gave you a counterexample , and there are many others . 
  and you ignore not only my argument of sweden , but the many reasons i gave for having an independent central banks , like reliablity . 
   you proposed earlier that those countries should leave the euro , the direct consequence would be immediate devaluation of their new national currencies with respect to the euro . 
  and it would be a big benefit for them as well !, 
  this has nothing to do with the argiment of independent central banks . 
  i do n't know what you are trying to say actually . 
  yes , i suppose . 
   devaluation of their new national currencies with respect to the euro . 
  and it would be a big benefit for them as well !, 
  they do have numerous issues to deal with , and monetary control would be a valuable tool to help with this . 
  as it is now budgetary measures imposed by the lenders have destroyed their economy . 
  which an independent bank would do better * in particular * in those countries . 
  do you trust the greek goverment with a central bank ? 
  or berlusconi or someone like him ? 
  in particular in corrupt countries one * need * central banks . 
  i mean , if sweden , who is one of the least corrupt countries in the world had a problem with it , how on earth can you want a politically run central bank for countries who are far , far more corrupt , to say the least ? 
   as it is now budgetary measures imposed by the lenders have destroyed their economy . 
  no , the euro has destroyed the economy , do n't you dare blame this on the imf or the troijka . 
  no , they have not helped , but anyone who has an inkling about optimal currency areas and internal devaluation knows that the destruction started way before . 
   i 'm sure you wo n't deny it . 
  i most certainly will !, 
  i will link you to this superlong answer i wrote to another user as to explain as to * why * the construction of the euro is the fault , * not * the banks , * not * the troijka . 
  it is very long , but i hope you can read it . 
  i find it important that people know these reasons which are well known among economist ( i am not one , but i have read one year , and this is really basic economics 101 . 
  if you do n't believe me , head over to r/economics , i hang out there sometimes ) .
