  i also think the left got 13 % and pirate party even more . 
  so that is actually an abnormal amount . 
  so no , sweddit is not like sweden when the swedditors vote , but hardly like flashback . 
  and , i also find it a bit absurd , just like many swedditors when people do start to question the cost , the integration , the amount of people ( we have to raise taxes now for that ) and it is a question that has been surpressed for years in sweden , that when one finally start to discuss it like adult countries , that we are all of a sudden racist . 
  i think it is normal to question it , and to for example want an immigration policy more like canada , or germany , or just question why we should take the hoghest amount per capita in western europe does n't make you an sd voter . 
  but , unfortunately , all parties apart from sd have the same stance so that is what the pro open border crowd says - that you are sd if you even questions the immigration policy . 
  personally i will not vote for them but uli welcome that immigration is back as an election issue . 
  if i now can get defence policy , eu , country side policy and a few more in the discussion i 'll be happy . 
  so - you have absolutely nothing to back up your claim that the swedish left is more dangerous than the swedish right yet ? 
  no links , no facts , just a random guys opinion who did n't even knew that breivik was * norwegian * . 
  yes , of course you know more than the swedes do ... / s, 
   this is what i mean by saying they are focusing only on the violence used : one should also consider where they are aiming at . 
   so , if you look what they are trying to achieve , i think it 's ridiculous to say that the far-left is bigger threat to democracy . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that the analysis is skewed because the police is ( of course ) focusing solely on the means . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  the far left is not aiming for a democracy , never have . 
  they freely hurt people , and politicians . 
  they are not social democrats , have no problem with killing or hurting people with a different agendan - and , ffs , you have seen the far left regimes now and in last century . 
  do n't you dare defend any of them , or pretend that * these * violent anti democratic leftist are better than the other violent anti democratic leftis we have had in the last 100 years . 
  i do n't likethe right either , they are all scum , but at the moment , in my country , the left are the far bigger scum . 
  might not be like that in 40 years , but now , yes , they are not only bigger scums , but bigger threat . 
   so , if you look what they are trying to achieve , i think it 's ridiculous to say that the far-left is bigger threat to democracy . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that the analysis is skewed because the police is ( of course ) focusing solely on the means . 
  frankly , what they are trying to achieve is a communist world . 
  we all know how well that usually ends . 
  i can read from their program , you ca n't . 
  and - i 'd much , much rather trust researcher at famous universities , the police who does this for a living and other well known sources . 
  do you have anything scientific to back up what you are saying ? 
  it is also very naive by going just what people say , and i wonder why you do that only with regards to the left . 
  you do not strike me as very naive . 
  isis wants to create paradise on earth , they are really nice guys if you just read ... i do n't understand how * anyone * can overlook what people actually do , and pretend it did n't happen and instead say the other guy , who didnt ' do anything is worse . 
  frankly - that is just wrong what you are saying , i am sad to say . 
  you are allowed of course to you opinion that the left is good guys , but that is plain wrong and you have nothing factual to back that up . 
  and , i as a person , and i as a citizen , most certainly want sweden to base its politics on facts , not on opinions , while simultaniously overlooking facts . 
  heck , if we wanted to go that way we could become a religious state . 
  the horror . 
   come on , now !, 
  it is not possible that you do n't know the classical dichotomy : socialists/capitalists i.e. 
  marxists/liberals i.e left/right !, 
  it is the most basic stuff that the left seeks to overcome capitalism and liberal state , while the right ( including liberals ) seeks to maintain it ( maybe with minor reforms ) . 
  if you want to introduce a center , it would be the social democrats ( which are nowadays more liberals than social democrats in the strict sense ) no , reinfeldts party , which is to the right , is called liberal or center right . 
  [ wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moderate_party ) . 
  it is hardly right wing . 
   what do you mean by this ? 
  by killings , how about breivik ? 
  by injuries , how about the hate crimes done by the right ( that are not necessarily even reported ) ? 
  breivik was norwegian ... ... . . 
  this is in sweden . 
  the violent left leads in number of supporters , number of attacks , number of incidents etc. 
  there is nothing that indicates that crimes from the right should be more under reported than crimes from the left as far as i know . 
   this is true . 
  i do n't like violence either at all , so i 'm far more scared by the far-right who can - and do - attack almost anyone anywhere . 
  for me it 's more scarier when violence is used randomly towards immigrants , lgbtiq-people , hippies , humanists whatever they make up ... s\u00c4po , and swedish researcher , deems the left as a far bigger threat to democracy since they attack politicians , people who speak out - not just the random guy in the street . 
  so , i will side with the police and the people who research this stuff - the left is more dangerous . 
  and i agree - i dislike all violent assholes , but the random ones are scarier . 
  ca n't they be like us and hide behind a keyboard :-) . 
   finally , i have n't look on s\u00e4p\u00f6 reports because i 'm not particularly interested in sweden , but i guess they are pretty similar to europol 's . 
  i have n't read europols reports , so i ca n't really comment on that . 
  are they alike ? 
  you said , * they focus only on the violence , thinking it is the same on both sides , so they analyze the threat to persons or politicians or whatever . 
  it is clear that they really do n't know that much of politics or of the movements that they could produce a rigorous analysis of the threat to democracy per se . * . 
  i do n't agree with that statement when it comes to s\u00c4po 's report , but maybe that is how the europol 's reports looks like . 
  s\u00c4po did bring up how they threatened democracy , how one should counter them etc. 
  and , about breivik , ( although he is from norway ) . 
  i do n't think anyone can protect themselves or their country from one random crazy violent person , although we should try . 
  but , we do have a better chance i believe when they come in groups . 
  you forgot to post the links as to why the report from s\u00c4po was wrong . 
  apparently you have better sourcers . 
  and you forgot to answer the questions . 
  why ? 
   historically liberals have always been considered to be part of the right . 
  no , they are centric , and he calls them `` right wing '' . 
  as in far right . 
  but , he is an idiot , so i do n't really care . 
   s\u00e4p\u00f6 is police organization so they are not perhaps the most adequate to say what is `` serious threat to democracy '' . 
  that is their job and they are rather separate from the normal police . 
  besides , researchers says the same as well . 
  and normal police reports from all over the country clearly show that the left are a ) far more violent and have more incidents b ) are far more focused . 
  they are better at targeting people , in particular politicians , they do n't like , and/or their family . 
  they famously beat up a politicans pregnant girlfriend last year for example . 
   it is clear that they really do n't know that much of politics or of the movements that they could produce a rigorous analysis of the threat to democracy per se . 
  how on earth is that clear ? 
  have you read the report ? 
   they focus only on the violence , thinking it is the same on both sides , so they analyze the threat to persons or politicians or whatever . 
  they are a tad smarter than that . 
  have you even looked at the report ? 
  are you serious calling expressen and svd right wing . 
  they are not . 
  they are moderate and liberal . 
  do you even vaguely know what a right wing person is ? 
  do you seriously call lena melin * right wing * . 
  ok , let us play your game . 
  please , explain what right wing opinions expressen have - what right wing reporters , in detail please !, 
   stop being dishonest . 
  if we are talking about who is dangerous today , we need to look at resent years , not 1981 . 
  if we are talking about today , no one is being murdered . 
  so your argument is also being irrelevant , or do you decide what year to start measuring ? 
  and you should stop lying . 
  and your argument is - wikipedia ? 
  what , that is not an argument .
