  would that also be illegal to posses that video ( that i might or might not suspect already exists ) . 
  how is a buyer going to know the difference btw , or is all rape porn going to be banned ? 
  so why did n't he include the title . 
  can we all just skip the headline and use the first paragraph now ? 
  so , then you should be able to link to it . 
  prove it !, 
  where do i say greece is the devil . 
  you should try facts . 
  you are lying now and making stuff up . 
  where have i even mentioned the content , greece or that greeks are the devil . 
  you are a liar . 
  i think the rules says do n't manipulate the title . 
  you did , and there is no reason to exclude the title , other than you want to . 
  i think if everyone did like you , using the first sentence and not the headline , it it would be unreadable . 
  well , i think if one want to change the title one should always include the original title . 
  that should never , ever be excluded . 
  well , so not using the title , which you excluded , is not incorrect ? 
  all of us can just start to use the first sentence ? 
  when i went in to read it , i did not see the title , not at all . 
  i am on my phone and i saw something completely different . 
  if you are going to use an incorrect title , at least include the original title . 
  that can/should never be excluded . 
  why do you manipulate the title ? 
  i do not like when the opinion of the op , rather than what the article is about is in the headline . 
  also , i thought it was against the rules in r/europe . 
  we used to have very cheap electricity but denmark/eu raised the prices for around 7 million of us , despite the fact that they use coal . 
  that is rather annoying . 
  but honestly , i have never really understood how the prices here are calculated . 
  it depends a lot on the water levels up north and how cold it is . 
  we are not really potheads . 
  and liberal - perhaps but it is more like the rest of the world is conservative . 
  and we have problems too - youth unemployment , immigration , crime etc. 
  it is so weird just the picture one gets of sweden on reddit . 
  i am a female , could n't do it if i wanted to . 
  i suppose i could rub my breast against stuff , but i hardly think that would make the same impact ... 
  that is true . 
  i guess i have seen the camorra as one organism , not several fighting each other . 
  have to read up on the camorra again . 
  they are really a horrible lot . 
   do you have a swedish word for the act of swaffelen ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swaffelen i do n't know actually . 
  the reason i do n't say no is that somewhere in the back of my head there 's a bell ringing , but i could be wrong . 
  it sounds like a word we need ... we do have the word `` olla '' though . 
  that means touching your penis to stuff , sort of like a dog marking his territory ( not peeing though ) . 
  to be used in a sentence like `` so , your girfriend broke up with you ? 
  yes , but luckily i `` ollade '' her and her roomates toothbrushes before i left . 
  i think i will tell them in a week . 
  i have `` ollat '' all their plates too '' . 
  no , i do n't think they have any morals , not at all . 
  however , i figured that someone with some intelligence would figure out that it is bad to poison the area where * my * house is , if i am the one dumping the toxic waste . 
  i mean , i 'd dump the toxic waste in africa or somewhere if i was an immoral camorra boss , not in naples . 
  basically , do n't shit where you eat . 
  god , that is stupid . 
  i always assumed they were rather intelligent . 
  i do n't know if anyone has ever had this idea . 
  it is nothing i recognise , seems more of foreigner 's vision of what sweden should be like . 
  yes , if you do n't get your act together you 'll get a kebabslag you 'll never forget . 
  that word conjures up images in people heads of forever being incapable of having children . 
  sweden for example had forced sterilisations and those poor individuals were forever unable to have children . 
  wow , sorry , had no idea . 
  have to point out though that birth control is n't really sterlization , and immigration camps are n't really `` detention camps '' . 
  if a small country gets thousands of refugees , they have to give them shelter somehow , and a camp is often a reasonable solution . 
  i have never heard about that . 
  there 's plenty of dirt on israel without making stuff up . 
  no , they discussed it , but it was never set in motion . 
  yes , of course . 
  i had a friend who had to do it due to medical reasons when he was 16 . 
  oh , that is a really good one . 
  i completely forgot about harry potter . 
  i agree , they far right are doing the correct things all the time . 
  i am actually very impressed by their actions ( i am not voting for them , not at all , but that does n't mean i ca n't recognise smart politicians when i see them ) . 
   if the other parties keep downplaying these as radical fringe groups , they will be dumbfounded by electoral victories of the hard right again , i agree . 
  another thing is how idiotic adresses the far right . 
  instead of actually talking about the issues that the far right talk about they just accuse them of stuff . 
  why not adress the issues instead ? 
  what are you so afraid of if you are in the right and they are wrong ? 
  i also hate how they call them `` fear mongerers '' . 
  what , * every * party does that , it is part of being politician . 
  i 've heard cameron do that , but he is by no mean the only culprit , just the one who came to mind . 
  our swedish politicians do that , all the time . 
  yes , i agree , the us is an example of non religious circumcision . 
  but i do n't think it is the non religious people in europe that will circumcise and/or demonstrate against the law . 
  also , whether religious or not - it is obviously just as wrong . 
  why ? 
  it does n't matter if you do n't have a car . 
  no , i was trying to be nice . 
  obviously useless on you . 
  please tell me again how you are going to change the treaty quickly . 
  i know , it is weird how the eu/euro seems to bring out the worst in some . 
  i might not like the decision but that is my problem ( and i need to get over it ) . 
  how can anyone be against democracy , it bothers me . 
  even if you do n't like me and my arguments ( and while i do not agree with you i can most certainly understand your frustration ) you have to understand how things work . 
  i am not even saying that your arguments are wrong ( although i advocate a different solution ) but you can not suggest anything that is undemocratic and impossible . 
  so , instead of just saying that `` something has to happen '' you will have to understand that every eurosceptic in the world , from the moderate ones like me to the geert wilders and lepens in the world will fight you in court and the elections . 
  and we will win , since the law is on our side . 
  so , you have to come up with a solution that works within the law . 
  frankly , i am sure you agree with me that everything has to be done within the law . 
  and , if you take that into account , your solutions are not really feasible . 
  i do n't agree what was done to the irish , but it does n't mean that it will happen in germany . 
  i agree , a bit of democracy is not wrong .
