  nor is the eu responsible for banks , no taxations etc. 
  you talk about eu stopping crises for example - what ? 
   because contagion . 
  you can solve them now , or you can wait until they get bigger , more difficult to deal with , and are in your own country . 
  it 's kind of like saying `` why should i help put out a fire in my neighbor 's house , when it has n't spread to my house yet ? '', 
  we are not in the ez - i do not care . 
  i think the ez should dissolve . 
  what more , it is illegal take other countries debt etc.it is against the treaty . 
  each country is responsible for their own stuff - period . 
  and trust me , not only sweden , but uk , denmark and other countries would protest , not to mention the germans , finns , estonians . 
  it is simply not allowed . 
  nor do we want it to be . 
   well , too bad i 'd say . 
  as an economist , i 'd say that most people do not realize how deeply intertwined these countries all are . 
  for instance , not only is portugal 's economic trouble caused by eu inactivity and german austerity ... but also , have you ever stopped to ask just who is holding all of the southern eu debt . 
  the answer of course is northern banks ( since southern debt instruments did seem like a good bargain at the time ) . 
  the trouble is , a lot of northern countries are small and wealthy , and their financial sectors are larger than their gdp . 
  nl 's banking sector ( not other finance , just banks ) is about 420 % of their gdp . 
  luxembourg 's is worse . 
  if portugal or spain would collapse tomorrow , and their bonds drop in value , then it might cause the failure of a dutch or belgian or luxembourgish bank , which would subsequently cause the collapse of its home country . 
  you might remember that that is exactly what happened to iceland and to cyprus . 
  i know the risks , but all the countries you mention are ez countries again . 
  and yes , but at some point a really crappy currency has to fall , there is no way around it . 
  one ca n't go to japan territory and forever have the south living the way they do , just because the currency is so crappy . 
  and no , it will * not * happen that we magically change our minds and thing - `` gee , a united states of europe would be fine . 
  as a finn , i just ca n't wait to lower my living standard very much and send 30 % of our gdp to brussels and get 5 % back , to make sure the greek get their debt paid off . '', 
  no , no , no . !, 
  and even economist ( and yes , i have studied some economics about a year and a half ) certainly do not exist in a vacum . 
  you have to act and interact with other disciplines and saying - `` give up your nationality and let yourself be ruled from brussels '' does n't work just because you think it is a good idea . 
  think about it - would n't be a brilliant idea if the us and the eu joined in one union ? 
  would the americans like that ? 
  we would outnumber you - but we promise that you can get the fed in washington , but we are moving the capital in berlin . 
  no more guns , and i hope you do n't mind learing french from day one ... 
  it does n't matter if it even make economical sense , americans would * hate * it , hate that they would be outnumbered by europeans , hate that they paid for this and that while giving up this and that . 
  hate not having a president with power . 
  that is at least a bit of how we feel . 
  not the same , but some of it . 
  you do not seem to grasp that . 
  why do you think lepen is gaining ? 
  golden dawn ? 
  ukip etc. 
  economics can never work if you do n't put it and try to make it work in a political context . 
  i study natural sciences , environment , biology , environmental economis etc. 
  it does n't matter if i say `` stop using co2 '' - that does n't really help does it ? 
  one has to put it in the context of today , and then work from there . 
  so , give up your idea about a new treaty for the next 50 years . 
   so , there is contagion risk in the eu , and it 's extremely severe . 
  the ** ez ** , not the eu , have fixed this crises , and they are fixing it every day still , contributing to it , making sure its get driven down . 
  no one can change that . 
  the ez is making sure everything in their enclave goes to hell/japan territory and that unemployment will stay high etc. 
  there is nothing to be done about that . 
  the only thing one can do is to look ones house over , again and again and make sure one is in better shape and try not to get dragged down with them . 
   just out of curiosity , how large is sweden 's banking sector in relation to its gdp ? 
  if you get a picture of how large this is , then you can see what kind of risks sweden is facing with this whole business . 
  we have had bank crises , two of them . 
  ( 90 's , and 2009 i belive ) google them . 
  the bank crises in the 90 's is seen as examplary bank save actually . 
  one year we spent 4 % of our gdp on our banks . 
  finland spent 7 % . 
  we did that without the eu , why ca n't they do it without us ? 
  and , i have seen their bank saves - at least we demand collateral . 
  they just seem to give money away . 
   what you describe is not really at all how the us works . 
  just for starters , states do not share their debt yes , as a country you have one debt . 
  california do n't pay off 9,87 of the us national debt , alabama 3,55 % or whatever the numbers may be . 
   i do n't see why it 's such a far-fetched idea to suppose that the will of the people could eventually be established solidly . 
  it is . 
  it really , really is . 
  there would never ever be a yes in this century , probably not in next . 
  but sure , perhaps in 2120 it will work . 
  however , that does n't really help us , does it . 
  and that is also what you need to understand . 
  i do in now way , feel any sort of responsibility for the greeks , bulgarians etc. 
  americans do . 
  if they do n't get federal pensions in alabama , you get upset . 
  i wonder why they have fixed their economy so bad . 
  i am not a eupean . 
  that is not even on my top 20 identities , if comes after swede , scientist , friend etc. 
  and so do the most people feel . 
  perhaps not on r/europe , but they are frankly very pro eu and have no clue why people are voting against it . 
  and , to get that critical mass , no , we are not there , no , no , no . 
  if you think so - spend time with people outside of the eu circle in brussels . 
   but on the other hand , since being in some way unified is essentially imperative to european national interest ( both in terms of conflict prevention , and in terms of relevance on the world stage ) , something has got to be done . 
  is it ? 
  and some way unified does in now way mean that we have to share a currency . 
  and - the suggestion you had was a ) eu suggestion . 
  the eu is * not * the eurozone , not at all . 
  if the ez want accounting standards or stuff like that , - go ahead . 
  not an eu problem . 
  why should my non ez tax money go to solve ez problems ? 
  it is rather clear - they have to solve it themselves . 
  i did not create this - we voted no to the euro . 
  furthermore - it still will not work . 
  housing bubbles ( which sweden has one coming btw ) , greece 's debt etc - that will still not solve the underlying problem that the euro is a very , very badly constructed currency . 
  and , to change that , not only do one need to change treaties , statues etc , which then need to be ok 'd in 28 states ( will not happen ) one also need the will of the people to do that . 
  as it is now , we do not want a united states of europe . 
  the finns is not interested in sharing debt with greece ( why should they be ) nor is the netherlands interested in the italians essentially voting on what will happen with * their * money . 
  the germans are in no way signing up to guarantee the spanish social system and france do not want to cut their pensions by 20 % to guarantee portugals . 
  in short - we do not want a united states of europe , where we share stuff , share debt , pay for other states schools/hospitals/social welfare etc , have massive transfers and can influence other states to a much larger degree . 
  we do not want that , not at all .
