  that would shut me up and you would have one up on me ? 
  so , back up your claims then ? 
  i was civil , you just have nothing to back up your claims with , so now you have just insults left . 
  anyone who was serious would post an academic article backing up your claim . 
  the fact is that kristian ii did something unprecedented in the bloodbath of stockholm . 
  he was not forced and could certainly have said no . 
  it was a gigantic mistake btw . 
  the catholic church never demanded that the bloodbath of stockholm had to happen . 
  it is sad that you do not understand your own or european history . 
  i can go on . 
  but then you can stop with the insult and discuss the issue at hand - the bloodbath of stockholm , which accidentally happen to be my home town . 
  do you have it in you to be civil , or is that to hard ? 
  and i want you to back up that the catholic church * demanded * that kristian executed all those nobles !, 
  please , articles from academic journals . 
  and , since you are the ones talking about war - what wars are you referring to ? 
  oh , i did n't know that . 
  good, 
  well , i guess they do not turn you away if you are broke . 
  nor do they come after you with bills . 
  since it is so little though most people pay . 
  good , then would you please stop now . 
  and - again , it was unprecedented what kristian ii did . 
  he had loads of choices , but he choose a bloodbath on nobles . 
  the church did not want that . 
  he could certainly have argued against trolle , or not executed them . 
  poorest decision ever from a danish king . 
  you were the one who mentioned war , not me . 
  direct quote `` going to war against the church '' and on top of that you even mentioned the 30 year war . 
  so to quote john cleese - do n't mention the war !, 
  and btw , it was not done to execute nobles the way you danes did . 
  you are very wrong on saying that going against the church always meant war . 
  that is just a stupid interpretation of what i am saying and not consistent with history . 
  but , you are right , i am not in the mood of discussing with someone i have to educate either . 
  and , just so you know , it was not done that one executed half the noble elite , and certainly not something the church advocated . 
  heck , their elite was the noble elite . 
  protestantism was n't the issue . 
  heck , kings and queens including france , germans , swedes , english , czech etc had gone head to head with the catholic church since it was founded . 
  that kristian did n't * want * to does n't mean it was n't done on a regular basis . 
  i can give you hundreds of example from european history if you want . 
  so , one could go against the church without starting a new religion . 
  and it was still very unusual to execute 80 nobles . 
  certainly not anything the church usually did , so that was made up by trolle and kristian most certainly could have said no that . 
  the catholic church in rome did not demand that one would execute half the nobility in any country , that would just be stupid . 
  it was good in a way for the swedes that kristian did it . 
  there was never any chance of a union after that . 
  it must be one of the poorest decisions in danish history . 
  that is how it was done in denmark ... ( sweden had a different take , and we are scandinavia ) . 
  . . and soon after that both dk and sweden told the church to fuck off . 
  so , kristian had choices . 
  he could have taken them hostages for example . 
  executing 80 nobles was simply unheard of and luckily both he and trolle paid dearly for it . 
  but i agree with you , trolle is completely over shadowed by kristian ii . 
  i think we should have place in history for two bad guys . 
  they spoke about that in historiepodden , a swedish historic podcast btw . 
  yet a lot of other kings did it all the time . 
  heck , we put him in prison . 
  and , it was not like the catholic church said , `` if you do not execute these people we will bann you '' . 
  frankly , a lot of people were disgusted by the bloodbath of stockholm , since it went against what people considered honorable at the time . 
  one simply did not execute nobles who had given up , after promising them that they would not be harmed.certainly not over 80 of them . 
  so , that is a poor excuse for kristian ii . 
  the problem is n't that there are idiots like henrik arnstad , the problem is that the media hails him as an `` expert '' on fascism , he gets to go on all the talk shows , his books actually gets decent reviews etc. 
  there is one thing that arnstad is an ignorant turd , but our whole media is made up by ignorant turds !, 
  he is still getting airtime , as long as he does n't write that `` palme was a fascist '' he can do or say whatever he wants . 
  it does n't have to be correct , as long as it fits in to their ignorant little journalistic brains . 
  i am sure individual jesuits have done remarkable things . 
  however , as a movement i ca n't approve of them , their attitude towards gay and women are truly medieval . 
  but social justice does n't mean social justice for gays , right ? 
  nor does it mean stuff like birth control , ( gasp , abortion ) or why not just condoms in areas with hiv - right ? 
  and how are they on equal oppurtunities for women - can they become priests for example ? 
  it is not social justice if it just for * some * people . 
  those with the right sex , the right sexuality , and the right problem . 
  no , not now but they ( and norway apparently ) have fascist tendensies . 
  however , finland and mannerheim were a fullblown fascist state that contributed to the final solution . 
  mannerheims governing was characterized by `` war crimes , concentration camps , mass death and finlands contribution to the final solution '' ( [ link ] ( http://hbl.fi/nyheter/2013-03-29/433816/finland-deltog-i-forintelsen ) ) . 
  also , according to arnstad , the swedish parlament are at the moment divided into two parts , the democratic part and the fascist part . 
  and , franco was not a fascist . 
  do not ask me to explain his reasoning , i am just the messenger . 
  he is a gigantic turd . 
  he has written so much shit about finland that i do not even know where to start . 
  however , he has written just as much idiotic stuff about sweden if that is any comfort . 
  sweden . 
  it is paid for by the state , through taxes . 
  then you pay a small fee every time you go to the doctor , up to a certain amount . 
  in my area of sweden ( stockholm ) you pay up until 1200 sek ( around 130 euro ) then it is free for a year . 
  so , a visit to the physical therapist might cost 100 sek , a visit to the specialist 350 sek . 
  when you have reached 1200 sek you get a `` free '' card , and the rest of the visits that year are for free . 
  it is the same system for medicine . 
  you pay up until a certain amount , which i believe is 1500 sek/160 euro . 
  and it is always free if you are a child ( under 18 ) . 
  while i dislike gustav trolle , it is not like he forced kristian ii to massacre swedes . 
  he could have said no you know ? 
  it must count as one of the biggest political mistakes ever in danish history . 
  after that , and the upcoming deciscions to tax the swedes even more , there was no turning back for swedes . 
  i can understand that you danes kicked kristian ii out . 
  we in sweden have lovely ( ignorant ) swedes like henrik arnstadt who refers to him ( and the finnish state ) as fascists . 
  he also claim that tingsten worked for the cia and lied about his exam in history . 
  quite embarrassing that he still gets to write in the big newspapers , and gets interviewed as an `` expert '' on fascism and history . 
  was it a good thing to murder protestants ? 
  and , sort of liberal ? 
  not to a swede ?
