  first it was greek tobacco and french wine . 
  now we will pay for fucking danish coal . 
  seriously the more i learn of the eu , the more i despise it . 
  as i said , i am really bad at sports . 
  great !, 
  no our prices will increase and it will be less effective and we will end up sponsoring coal in poland . 
  seriously , the eu sucks when they take over something from us . 
  just like the cap, 
  oh when i said quote from john donne , the original quote was `` no man is an island '' . 
  i paraphrased it , just to be clear . 
  sorry that i was n't clear enough before . 
  no country is an island ( and i mean that as the quote from john donne , not literally to make it clear ) and that goes for everything , absolutely everything , from military , to energy to food . 
  however , that does not mean that we should hand over more power to a larger ( and more incompetent and less caring about our needs , more discriminating , less efficient etc ) entity like the eu . 
  so , your argument holds true for the military - should we all hand over that ? 
  it goes for absolutely everything , but there is nothing that says that energy is more effectively run by the eu than by the swedes . 
  in fact , when the eu * did * get involved in our energy , they increased the prices for about 7 million swedes - thank you for that . 
  and , i have seen what happens when the eu takes over a whole area - like the cap for example . 
  not only are swedes discriminated , the cap is idioticlly run , it is less effective for us than it was before we entered the eu , our food is not securer , not to mention the fact that i now have to sponsor greek tobacco and french wine !, 
  so , one does not automatically do things better , cheaper , or more effectively just because one is big . 
  in particular , when the eu has proven that it has no problem increasing our energy prices and discriminate us . 
  obviously i mean from our energy , i am so sorry that you did not understand that . 
  i will write very easy sentences and very clearly in the future so that you will understand . 
   setting goals like that for states is the typical way the eu works , so i do n't see the problem . 
  that is not the only problem , but why have n't they set it then ? 
  and , as i ( clearly ) stated in my first post , that is just one of the many reasons that i do not want the eu to take over our energy politics . 
  our co2 emissions from our energy is almost zero . 
  how is yours ? 
  are you actively destroying the climate ? 
  if the eu should have any goals , zero co2 emissions ss the one , closely followed by co2 caption . 
  you are wrong . 
  it is always denmark . 
  denmark is very sneaky , they seem peaceful now , but just you wait ... i am on to you denmark !, 
  do n't think you can fool me with that talk about `` hygge '' , delicious sm\u00f6rrebr\u00f6d and good beer . 
  i know you are up to something , but you ca n't fool this swede . 
  we have stored surstr\u00f6mming in barseb\u00e4ck , just so you know . 
  what is your definition of a troublemaker ? 
  and why did you pick 1871 ? 
  you could just have picked another year , let us say 1789 , and get a different answer . 
  you question does not seem like an open question to me , it seems like you want confirmation bias . 
  no , i think they mean [ this ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/wales/901723.stm ) kind of paedophile - i mean it starts with a p and she works with children . 
  must be a pedophile . 
  i think the uk should teach their mob a bit of spelling before they go on a witch hunt . 
  i was thinking the same ( after thinking `` damn , i do n't want a stronger krona '' ) . 
   the solution is obvious : allow the euro to inflate a bit , which will make everyone in the eurozone more competitive to export , which will make the currrency-productivity gap smaller for the catch-ups , thereby increasing exports and profits and it will also make credit available to make the necessary investments in productivity . 
  no , unfortunately i do n't think it will be that easy , although it might help a bit . 
  if inflation would have helped to increase the productivity and help catch - up , then greece would be the most productive country in europe . 
  but , that is not the case , obviously . 
   without credit bubble this never would have happened . 
  yes it would . 
  it happend in ddr/brd and there was no credit bubble there . 
  i mean , greece had a primary deficit !, 
  no bank in the world is the cause of that . 
  if the * only * reason was the banks , and * not * the low productivity/corruption and above all , internal deflation , it would have hit the eurozone equally . 
  it did n't , to say the least . 
  understand me right , i am not bank lover , but they are a symptom , not a cause . 
   the solution is simple : inflation will chase lazy money out of hiding , right into investments into productivity . 
  no , i do not agree . 
  the solution is unfortunately far from so easy . 
  if inflation helped us out of crises , sweden would not have had a financial crises in the 90 's , nor finland , nor would greece/italy ever have any problems . 
  the solution is far , far more difficult . 
  if one read up on optimal currency areas one sees that the problems comes from that the economies that were joined in the eurozone were far too diverse . 
  if the economies are that diverse , one need huge financial transfer to make up for the difference . 
  in fact , that is a necessity . 
  if you look at successfull currency unions like the us , or germany ( before ) they all have that huge transfers , common debt etc well , i do n't think that huge permanent transfers will happen . 
  germany ( who was forced into the euro by france since it was a condition for the reunification ) made sure that there would be no social transfers . 
  in fact , it is forbidden , it is also forbidden to pay off someone elses debt , bail out other countries ( yes , i know ) etc. 
  someone in northern europe who saw the writing on the wall made very sure that it would not cost too much . 
  that could of course change if one changed the treaty . 
  but , that is not going to happen . 
  there is just no way northern europeans would vote yes to cutting their own costs with perhaps 30 % of whatever the united states of europe tax would be , to pay off portugal pensions , greece 's debt etc. 
  ( which is what one do in successfull currency unions , like in the us which i believe have a federal tax of around 30 % ) . 
  also , a transfer union is so much more , it is effectively the end of the national states , and i do n't think we are ready to give that up yet . 
  i ca n't see that vote being successful for decades , if ever . 
  so , even if that alternative exists , i deem it unrealistic and on a personal level , i 'd rather that we leave the eu than join in that . 
  most swedes feel that way ( eu barely has an approval rate of 50 % and the euro has a whopping 12 % ) . 
  i can guarantee a no from sweden , denmark and finland to that . 
  uk too . 
  the other alternative ( which i favour ) is that the southern european countries should leave the eurozone , and go back to their own currenies . 
  no , it will most certainly not be easy , it will be bloody hard , but at least they will have their fate in their own hands . 
  i think they should have done it immediately ( or , i think they should n't have joined the euro , but that is another issue ) in 2008/2009 , then they would have been on the way back to recovery now . 
  however , i do n't think any of the alternatives is going to happen , which is really the third , and worst option . 
  instead , the eurozone will just trudge on , and in the process loose generations , hope and decades when they just will be struggling . 
  consider the fact that ddr , after 22 years of investements , social transfers , increased productivity , no debt etc still lags behinds west germany and still recive hundred of billions every year , i shudder to think of what will happen to southern europe , who have none of that . 
  if you think of the tragic decedes ahead for them , it becomes easier to envision leaving the euro . 
  it is odd that this does n't gets mentioned very often . 
  it is very well known among economists . 
  i remember sweden 's euro-vote in 2003 and one of the biggest arguments against the euro was that the economies were to different and the euro would n't work . 
  and , sweden is not that smart or unique - it was/is a very well known fact . 
  i wonder why it never comes up in other countries . 
   spain just axed its budget for that a 70 % starting next year i know , sad . 
   some of them are simply impossible to follow like the ones that define the euro . 
  no , not really . 
  they could be followed , but one * choose * not to . 
  that is not saying one could n't . 
   that 's forbidden still . 
  this was passed using the same treaties that legalize the cohesion funds . 
  through the back door , i tell you ... ...  are you sure that this was done to fight the unemployment ? 
  uk supported this for a reason . 
  mostly to try to stop the migration flux that has been going since the austerity plans started . 
  [ spanish is the fastest growing immigrant group now in uk ] .
