  you have fought against it , the south vs the north . 
   ut that argument falls down immediately from the moral high ground , because that way sweden achieves absolutely nothing at all in terms of improving the environmental situation in other eu countries . 
  no , it improves things for us . 
  as it is now , we have to lower our standards and support things like wine and tobacco , and non environmental stuff . 
  at least our tax money will not pay for that anymore . 
  besides , why should we pay for greece for example ? 
  they have been in the eu for 32 years , and voted and worked * against * reforms . 
  they clearly do not want change . 
  why should we pay for people who behaves like that ? 
  i mean , if we have to pay for them for the next 32 years as well , we loose money . 
   currently you pay some money in , and you get some influence - the alternative is to pay none , and have none . 
  yes , but at least i would n't have to live in constant fear that the eu would take over something more and fuck up it even more than the cap . 
  the south is clearly not at all interested in improving , just money transfers ( were they interested , they would not have fought the cap reforms for example ) . 
  they are more populous and will obviously vote for that my tax money will go to them , that is what they have been doing before . 
   that 's correct , but then what it seems like you 're asking is that sweden be allowed to tell them how they should do things , without them having a vote , because sweden puts some money into the pot . 
  so , you are admitting that the majority of the eu are people only interested in grabbing money from the north , not improving , not reforming ? 
  why would anyone want to be in a union with people like that ? 
   those countries also put money into the pot . 
  yes , they get more out than they put in , but some of the money they get is nevertheless their own money . 
  so no single country , even if it is a net payer , should get to say what happens . 
  i am not saying sweden alone should run the eu , but clearly , some countries work better than others , and we should look at best practise . 
  and , if someone have for example high standards with regards to the environment , they should be premiered for that , not forced to lower the standards - others should raise theirs . 
  however , the south have clearly shown that they are in no way interested in improving and reforming . 
  if they were , they would have reformed their agriculture , and not fought reformation of the cap , for decades . 
  so , they do not want improvement . 
  one ca n't deal with people like that . 
  how do one negotiate with people who only want money from you , not improve ? 
  their voting and their behaviour shows that . 
  an alternative is removing the cap and other common policies and become more of a trade union . 
  that way , countries can grow tobacco and wine with pesticides and antibiotics to their hearts content . 
  at least i do n't have to pay for it . 
  and , we pay more taxes than they do , no matter how one counts . 
  in % and also due to the fact that we are far more likely to pay them . 
  they however , have kept voting for corrupt regimes and lower taxes . 
  so , they get to have low taxes that they do n't pay , because we pay for them . 
  how is that fair ? 
  furthermore , which you did n't touch or answer , for how long is this financial transfer going to continue ? 
  it is clearly not working . 
  greece has been in the eu since 1981 , spain/portugal since '86 and they have received billions . 
  but , they are in worse shape than ever . 
  if you have done something for 32 years , and it is obviously not working , then you stop . 
  eu however , has no plans of stopping , none at all.we just keep throwing money into the bottomless pit that is southern europe . 
  honestly - we have to stop that . 
  i mean , the eu could keep the money they get from us ( i 'm not advocating a lower fee , unless we remove the cap ) , but do not give anything more to the south . 
  invest in research , education , environment - whatever , but no more throwing good money after bad . 
  or perhaps , give money to the south , but then in a completely different way . 
  what we are doing now is not working . 
  not that the eu , and those countries care . 
  obviously they are going to keep voting for keeping the money flowing , rather than change . 
  all i see is that i am setting up my non existent grandchild for paying off greece 's debt in 60 years . 
  why should she ? 
  why ca n't we have a time limit ? 
  why ca n't those countries improve , and why the fuck should i pay for them , when they constantly refuse to change , pay less taxes , vote for idiots , etc ? 
  if the eu wanted improvement , they should start dealing with those things , but they do not . 
  they just want money . 
  and , those countries have more people than we do , they are going to keep voting for us to pay their bills . 
  i am not setting up my children to pay off greece 's debt and spains agriculture in 60 years , no way . 
  and , since they do n't care about improving , we have to leave . 
  it would have been different if they were like estonia or poland , working on it , but they are not . 
  they have proved that again and again through not improving , voting and their behaviour . 
  yes , it is costly to leave , but it will be more costly to stay and just endlessly transfer money to the south . 
  and , i am sure those transfers will increase . 
  so if you want to reform , why have you voted against cap reforms ? 
  and , the fact that you have cut down your fishing fleet 45 % does n't give you any prices . 
  you had the biggest most oversized one , you have refused to cut it down and you have n't cut it down more than anyone else . 
  why have n't you ? 
  to top it off , you steal the livelihood from poor africans , destroy the oceans , illegal fishing on other countries water etc. 
  why are you doing that and why are you supporting that ? 
  you are ruining the environment for the whole world , but since you are so spanish centric , you claim you have the right to do that - ruin for everyone . 
  that is so disgusting of you . 
  about the us - you might have missed the fact that they are one country . 
  we are not . 
  why should i pay for a country that voted against reforms , ruins the environment on purpose and clearly do not want to improve . 
  if you want to improve why then constantly vote against reforms . 
  and , same to you . 
  you are so fucking spanish oriented and clearly , with your example about the us want us to pay for you for the next 150 years . 
  then you are not interested in improvement if that is your aim . 
  i am not interested in setting up my grandchildren to pay for spain while you vote against reforms , like you have always done . 
  when have you voted for reforms in the eu , really ? 
   yes . 
  and it 's concentrated in cadiz ( that already has a 40 % unemployment ) and galicia ( kinda ok only 25 % ) . 
  it 's from this july . 
  the eu responsable of competence ( joaquin almunia ) that decided the punishment is spaniard . 
  we are talking about paying back near 3 billions in subsidies , there is no way that they are going to be able to pay back . 
  good then . 
  we let our shipping industry die out in the 70 's , why should we then sponsor yours ? 
  i am so bloody tired of sponsoring things in southern europe that we ourselves have dealt with ages ago , or taken the rational deciscion to let it die out . 
  why ca n't southern europe do that ? 
  why is the eu forcing me to pay for your industry while we let outs die out ages ago , since it was too costly . 
  why ca n't southern europe make rational deciscions like that themselves ? 
   spain cut the fishing fleet . 
  u it needs to be cut more . 
   the reconversion has been done slowly because the lack of alternatives in the area . 
  you can guess w so , not my problem . 
  the eu is not responsible for your unemployment , nor are the oceans . 
  you are outfishing them , killing them , destrying the livelihood for africans , fishing illegaly and generally just ruining everything . 
  why the hell should i sponsor that when we cut our own . 
  again , why ca n't southern europe make rational deciscions ? 
   i think that you are missing the political factor . 
  the fleet size has went down the last 18 years from 18,478 ships to 10,116 .
