  i am sure the eu does other things with it 's pocket money , but i am not quite aware of them right now . 
  44 % of the budget currently goes to cap ( common agrucultural policy ) . 
  two of the biggest receipients of the rural development is france and italy , two g7 countries that have been on the receiving end of this for 40 + years . 
  apparently it is not working or they would be on the receiving end any more , but the eu seem to refuse to cut it , or re-evalue it , drastically . 
  if it were working , they would n't need it . 
  not to mention that we sponsor ineffective and downright dangerous stuff with it , like tobacco and wine . 
   but i think the idea is that half the money of the eu is used to build/improve the infrastructure of the less develloped european countries , so that they can be economically competitive . 
  but it is not working . 
  if it were , why is ireland , greece , portugal , spain etc in need of more money that ever . 
  perhaps we should re-evalue it and concentrate much more on education , research or other stuff that truly makes us competitive , not an empty airfield in the middle of spain . 
  what irritates me is that the eu seem to have no plan and no capacity for re-evaluation , no strategy . 
  they are taking in countries that need money , but are not re-evaluating it strategies . 
  if sponsoring infrastructure worked - why is n't spain a net payer , for example ? 
  i think the whole budget and the direction has to be re-evaluated , not to mention huge programs like cap - if rural development worked , why are they stille receiving money after 40 + years ? 
  if building highways is not working ( clearly ) - is there anything else we should do perhaps ? 
  i just feel that they are not spending money wisely , not at all . 
  furthermore , they are not evaluating what has worked and what has n't , and to top it off , they seem to have no strategy . 
  not a good grade , not at all . 
  i wonder that too . 
  italy perhaps ? 
  otherwise , the countries that could have done it ( they have been on the receiving end long enough ) like spain , portugal , greece , ireland etc , still get more money than poorer countries like bulgaria and rumania . 
  what really bothers me is that they do not seem to have a plan , none at all , nor are they even evauating their projects or how they are working . 
  if a country is net receipient for 30 years , and need more money than ever - we should re-evalue the strategy . 
  if countries still are some of the biggest net receivers of rural development after + 40 years , the rural development is obviously not working and should be drastically changed or abandonded . 
  however , the eu does nothing of that , instead they take in more countries . 
  i have nothing againt that really , but the money has to come from somewhere . 
  as i see it , the projects that the eu spend money on are obviously not working , not at all , and paying more money to failed projects , is a big no no with me . 
  they seem to have no plan , no strategy - nothing ? 
  at what date is france rural area developed ? 
  when is spain going to be a net contributor ? 
  those are questions i 'd really like answers to . 
  as it is now there is 28 states and only nine of them are net payer . 
  unless switzerland and norway joins there will only be more net recipients it seems . 
  i would honestly like to hear the eu 's plan around this . 
  i mean , i know they want more money from the net payers , but they also need a plan . 
  for how long are you supposed to receive money until you stand on your own ? 
  in what areas ? 
  what are the strategies and the tactics ? 
  are we just accepting that some areas ( like rural development that some countries have been receiving money for , for over 40 years ) are endless money pits ) and that some countries are always going to give/receive ? 
  does anyone know how the eu reason around this ? 
  everyone ? 
  even if your homeless , senile and/or both ? 
  is it a bill you get when you are 18 , sort of ? 
  no , it is the one who has the hunting rights , as in owning or renting the land . 
  a hunting license is just a test you take to be allowed to hunt ( different ones btw , if you shoot birds/roe , or wild boars/elks etc ) . 
  it was a very good movie . 
  the only thing that could have made it better was if it was a bunch of really good german actors . 
  no shadow should fall on stanley tucci et al though . 
  if you are in an accident with some animals you will have to report it to the authorities , like the driver did , whether you believe the animal is dead/injured or unharmed or not . 
  the list is long , it everything from bears , to otters and eagles . 
  however , in the case of elk , one most also inform the person who has the hunting rights ( the police have access to those records ) in case the hunters want the meat , horns - but also if one has to track a wounded animal or if the death of the elk will lead to you can shoot less next season , etc. 
  basically , the animal technically belongs to the one who has the hunting rights . 
  true , right after you shoot it you remove the testines it is also however so they 'll be easier to transport . 
  if you stand with a 300 kilos elk and there 500 meters to the nearest dirt road , you will remove anything you can :-) . 
  i was thinking the same thing . 
  i suppose it depends on how the accident happened . 
  a few years back i saw a wild boar , dead by the road and it just looked like it was sleeping . 
  on the other hand , after seeing a reindeer once ( also accident ) it looked liked it had been sliced up , blood everywhere . 
  i guess that ruins the meat . 
  so , slightly higher prices and taxes , but make much more money . 
  hmm - i would call you the winner apart from the highest taxes in the world thing . 
  maybe i just do n't want to admit it :-) . 
  do n't you danes make more money than us swedes ? 
  i am not surprised you talk bad about swedes since you are a racist , and want to discriminate us , but even you have to be aware of some basic fact . 
  the fact that something * might * be good , when it also have this * enormous * costs associated with them , might actually mean that it is not good . 
  furethermore , it does not mean that all of europe * has to * sponsor something which such big drawbacks , the costs clearly outweighs the benefits . 
  what is more , it has absolutely nothing to do with the food security that you always claim is the main reason for the cap oh , and i did notice that you did n't even attempt to defend the tobacco , i guess even you have your limits . 
  so , i find it repulsive that you are even attempting to defend wine and tobacco , but not surprising , not at all . 
  learning from you , i will not discuss with you any further , one of the reasons being that you are clearly discriminating swedes . 
  that is a whole different discussion , and you know it . 
  you are asking my tax money to * sponsor * more alcohol , and more tobacco ? 
  why do n't you take a look at the links i posted , i can post a zillion more , about the costs related to alcohol and tobacco , not to mention the millions of ruined families and lives , everything from preventable deaths , to violence , crime etc. 
  apparently you want more of that , which i find extremely disturbing and it says a lot about you . 
  are you saying alcohol and tobacco does n't ? 
  here are some of the links of the costs , which you apparently want to increase . 
  [ link ] ( http://apps.who.int/gho/data/node.main-euro.a1118?lang=en ) [ link ] ( http://gamapserver.who.int/gho/interactive_charts/gisah/death_rates_cirrhosis/atlas.html ) [ link ] ( http://gamapserver.who.int/gho/interactive_charts/gisah/death_rates_alcohol/atlas.html ) [ tobacco is the single largest avoidable death health risk in the eu and account for 700 000 deaths each year . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/health/tobacco/introduction/index_en.htm ) honestly , i ca n't believe someone is so uneducated and stupid in 2013 that they have to be informed about the dangers and costs with alcohol and tobacco . 
  are you a troll ? 
   if for a swedish wine is a luxury good , here is not . 
  wine is a normal part of the everyday diet . 
  so , why ca n't you pay for it yourself ? 
  alcohol , is a drug who costs not only my country , but the eu billions and billions every day . 
  i do not want my tax money to subsidise that . 
  besides , if we need * a little subsidies * to make sure we have a basic food supply . 
  wine is not necessary for survival . 
   normal wine-makers deserve the same treatment of normal fishermen . 
  we need omega 3 and omega 6 to survive . 
  we can live a good life without wine . 
  furthermore , do you want to compare the health damages from eating fish to drinking alcohol ? 
   if you are against the cap in general , i can understand . 
  but if you are only against wine and tobacco it become more difficult to understand , and even ridiculous . 
  i honestly can not believe that you want tax money to sponsor tobacco ? 
  do n't you know the costs and damages of smoking ? 
  i am against both the cap in its current form , but in particular the support of stuff that damages people , kills people ruins families etc. 
  if you want to go down that road - feel free , take heroin for all i care , but i 'll be damned if my tax money is going to go to something that is not only going to kill people , damage families etc , but at the end * cost us even more money * . 
  it is financial madness . 
  serious ? 
  if you want to use it , why do n't you spend your money on it ? 
  however , i 'll fight the subsidising of it with my tax money to the end of my days . 
   that your doubt is a fact does n't make your hunch one .
