  also , they have huge support from their population to be * one country * . 
  none of that exists in the ez . 
  ok , i thought you equated it with fascism . 
  there is always a danger when large part of the population are unemployed . 
  exactly . 
  but i do n't really see anyone trying to fix that , the imperfect union . 
  so , the future looks bleak for the giips countries . 
  i agree with you about the austerity , but i 'd also like to point out that the euro is the most imperfect of currency unions . 
  that is something that is even more the cause of the current state in the giips countries . 
  austerity is just icing on the cake ... 
   5 % deficits are not normal ( and in violation of the eu stability pact ) . 
  in particular not for countries who like to lecture others for their wasteful spending . 
  denmark are * not * in the stability pact together with the uk , finland is the only country , together with sweden and estonia who has never ever broken it , so yes , the three of us * can * lecture france actually . 
  sweden is not in the euro either . 
  btw , the stability pact is * not * connected to the * eu * and/or the eu budget , so i do n't even know why you are dragging it it , but since you started it : france on the other hand * has * broken the stabolity pact , a million times . 
  you did it as early as 2003-2003 or something like that ( together with a lot of other countries of course ) . 
  what more , you never bothered to pay the fines that you , according to the stability pact * should * have been paying . 
  so , not only did you break it , you never owned up to it either , and behaved like you should have . 
  so , yes , we * do * have a right to lecture you on financial behavior , it has affected the whole of eu , the irresponsibility . 
  that there are other culprits as well , does n't make you less guilty . 
  if you do n't want that lecture , do n't join the stability pact and break it , just like finland and estonia managed to . 
  you are even breaking the original pact at this very moment ( debt no more than 60 % of gdp among other things ) , but since the eurozone countries were so extremely bad at following the stability pact , it had to be re-done , and from 2014 , one has to start over again . 
  gee - how i really like that the countries , like you , care so little , that it has to be re-done . 
  however , has nothing to do with the budget , of course , but says a lot about france 's , and other countries respect for eu rules , laws and regulations . 
  above all , it is interesting if one afterwards positions itself as a country that `` cares about the eu '' . 
  if everyone behaved like finland , there would be no problem , they care a lot more about the eu , since they actually make sure that they follow the rules . 
  if you look at how good at countries are at implementing the rules and laws as well , the nordic and the uk are in top , then germany , the netherlands etc. 
  we beat france . 
   the eu budget has specific tasks to fulfill . 
  it 's not a bag of candy that should be divided evenly over all children . 
  support of industry and services , social security , education , etc. 
  are national competences . 
  it 's like blaming your local municipality because it does n't have enough tanks to defend itself . 
  yes , and the eu budget should be fair . 
  a farmer in sweden should receive the same amount for a cow as a farmer in france ( perhaps adjusted a bit if the country is really poor etc , but that is not the issue btw sweden/france , nor are the costs that different ) . 
  however , it is n't the case . 
  second , i am not asking money for tanks , i am asking that * the specific tasks * that the eu budget is performing are reasonable , fair , environmental focused , and investing for the future , not holding on to old ideals . 
  the cap is not managing that . 
   france is a net contributor to the cap . 
  so are we , the uk , finland , germany denmark , the netherlands . 
  the countries , that according to hollande and you , that apperently are just whining . 
  and , we pay more per person btw , at least sweden , denmark , germany and finland do . 
  also , poor countries can have valid criscism too . 
  one should listen to them as well , but i think we can at least agree upon that . 
   this is an interesting article that sheds some light on why swedish politicians would be critical of the cap as it is : http://www.voxeu.org/article/winners-and-losers-next-cap-reform you do realise that the article agrees with me that the cap was unfair ? 
  of course , we gain from it , because the old system was unfair . 
  it was geared towards the sort of agriculture one has in warmer countries . 
  think about it , greece has about 2 million people more , is a much smaller country , but still gets three times as much cap as sweden ? 
  or compare portugal / finland . 
  a few years back , 10 % of the cap went towards wine . 
  oddly enough , some of the biggest wine houses in france got support . 
  that is not what the cap should go to . 
  and , do n't get me started on the tobacco or cotton . 
  thankfully , tobacco/cotton is removed , and wine is lessened . 
  and , as i have happily informed you before , a swedish farmer still gets less for the exact same cow as the french farmer . 
  not because the cow is worse off , we treat it differently etc , but becaue the landscape looks different . 
  the cow is the same - the landscape different . 
  that is discrimination , and i am happy the eu is starting to remove * some * of it , if not all . 
  so , what france was defending was an unfair system , unjust . 
  let us not forget that . 
  does n't matter if you are net contributors , perhaps you , like germany and sweden should contribut more to the cap . 
  [ here ] ( http://capreform.eu/what-the-proposed-mff-has-for-agriculture/ ) is an interesting article about how little the cap really changes . 
  since we both agree it is unfair , i do n't realise why the cap does n't change more . 
   no , that 's your caricature . 
  so , why did you , and your president , hollande say that ? 
  why did n't he admit to the cap being unfair ? 
  why did he blame the uk like a perpetulant child ? 
  why are you defending the cap ? 
  why did you claim that sweden/finland/denmark / germany the netherlands * only * wanted to change the cap because we have trouble at home ? 
  the thre first are rather normal you know . 
  i can at least have some knowledge about dk and finland , and the public there think like the swedish , that the  that 's not because the cap is so large ; it 's because the eu budget is so tiny . 
  there 's a lot that can be improved about the cap - but those improvements do happen . 
  it * is * so large , and it is inefficient , and unfair . 
  2-3 % of the population , receiving 44 % of the budget , making food more expensive , harming 3rd world farmers , not focusing on being environmental friendly , giving money to the `` huge '' farmer . 
  0,8 % of the farmers received 24 % of the budget . 
  plus , the french supported pillar one , which is the most ineffective way of paying out money , plus , unlike the goal of the cap says , it does n't support rural development halfway as much as pillar two . 
   because inefficiency etc. 
  are just easy buzzword excuses . 
  if you do n't like the cuts in research , you do n't support them . 
  it 's that simple . 
  it is n't . 
  i do n't think it makes sense to give 44 % of the budget to something that supports 2-3 % of the eu population , max . 
  i have absolutely no problem telling you about inefficiencies excisting right now in the cap , or above all , unfairnesses . 
  and no , they are not being ironed out . 
  do you know , that for the * exact * same cow , brought up in the * exact * same way , the french receives more money , than the swedes and finns ? 
  that has n't been changed in the new budget by the way . 
  i can tell you about lots and lots of unfairness - basically it is tailored towards france/spain/greece - countries like ours do not stand a chance , just because we are not them . 
  greece receives so much more money per/ha than for example poland/latvia etc , that it is not even funny . 
  and , no , they will still do that . 
  it is because greece is * so much more of a farming country * . 
  no , becasue the cap , once again is tailored towards countries like greece , not like poland . 
  and , if france * truly * cared about europe , they would start changing that . 
  and , working on their own finances . 
  instead , hollande have behaved like a perpetulant child , blaming everything on the uk . 
  it has almost been amusing , if it had n't been about the future , and about lots of money . 
  france is just as bad as the uk , if not worse , because just like the uk , they are blaming everything on someone else but added to that , they would never had even attempted to reformed a cap * in much need of reform , unless the uk had fought for it . 
  my respect for france and hollande , has been sinking like a stone during these budget negotiations . 
   if you do n't like the cuts in research , you do n't support them . 
  it 's that simple . 
  we do n't like it , but we are nine million .
