   mirror , mirror on the wall . 
  i can honestly say that i am not . 
  i am in a good mood , not really even in the mood to argue with someone like you , but i was trying to see your point . 
  i was trying to understand what you were arguing about , but you just seem to angry and not even proving anything . 
  there is a huge democratic deficit . 
  no one is following the treaty . 
  have a nice day . 
   and how does that come ? 
  does it matter ? 
  my point was right , which you said it was n't . 
  europe is not following the treaty and it is a huge democratic deficit . 
  are you saying that there * is n't * a democratic deficit ? 
   ou say yourself that we do n't have a working treaty and then blame the ecb for not following it ? 
  make up your mind . 
  a working treaty would leave open the possibility of the ecb acting to inject money directly into the economy , or to act as a lender of last resort , anyway ... like any other currency . 
  the ecb are not elected , they are not a government , who can , like germany 's or france for example , ignore the rules of the euro convergence criterais . 
  i might not think they are ok , but at least they were elected . 
  the ecb are not elected . 
  they are like judges , accountants etc , there to do what the statue tells them to , not make political deciscions , that affects not only the eurozone , but the whole world . 
  it is catastrophic when they can not be trusted , and again - * it proves my point about the democratic deficit * . 
  so , either start follow the treaty or make a new one . 
  either , quit with the bailouts , stop buying bonds from individual countries etc - or say that this is not working , let us make a new treaty - and vote about it . 
  also , fire every god damn official who does n't follow the law . 
  how hard can it be , i hope they fire judges who cheats , and the same thing should go for economists . 
  you seem angry , with the way things are and what lead to it and want to cast blame on countries/people , but i do not really see you dispute my point . 
  there is a democractic deficit and it extremely danoerous and non democratic . 
  that should be the first thing on the agenda to deal with , do n't you think ? 
  no , it is a huge problem that no one is following the maastricht treaty . 
  it is a huge problem that the ecb , an non elected body , is not following its statue . 
  it is a huge problem that we do not have a working treaty , and we are not even attempting to write a new one . 
  the eu is working from an * ad hoc * viewpoint and treaties are not even worth the paper it is written upon . 
  how can anything lasting be built from that ? 
  probably , but i do not think anyone cares , they forbid bailing out other countries and responsibility of someone elses debt , ecb bailing out individual countries etc. 
  i however would be a tad concerned on how they think a currency can work if one does n't even have a treaty and is applying some sort of ad hoc method . 
  also , a huge concern is the lack of democracy , but no one seems to think it is important . 
  i do n't think sweden does , you generally apply without one , and on your grades , even if they are old . 
  however , for a non eu/ees resident it is expensive and i suppose you do n't speak swedish ( sometimes classes are in english though ) . 
  yes , but i expect it to be a bit more organised . 
  for example , in sweden i know it is not uncommon to have builders/carpenters etc who work full time - illegally , not paying taxes . 
  same in the restaurant business , they say that they have 10 employees , when they in reality have 25 . 
  because reddit has a hard on for sweden that i do n't quite get . 
  is there a table of how this corresponds with the unemployment numbers . 
  for example , if bulgaria has 15 % unemployed but a huge shadow economy , the `` real '' number might be 8 % or something similar . 
  so , unemployment numbers adjusted to the shadow economy . 
  that is sad , it is not really that dangerous or smelly . 
   norway has some of the strictest air pollution laws in the world ( owing to a huge problem with acidic rain last century , much of which was from dirty british industry ) . 
  so do we . 
  it has been an enormous problem for us . 
  80 % of the winds in the northern hemispere comes from the west . 
   norway also has international obligations to lower it 's co2 output , this is a problem because norway is a ) cold and massive oil producer . 
  so , do we , not the oil , but it is of lesser importance significance , since not all the oil in that sense gets `` calculated '' when it gets taken up . 
  also , norway stores its co2 which you might not know , and then it gets removed from the calculation . 
  sweden on the other hand has more people and more industries . 
  also , norway , like sweden , use a lot of water power . 
  in fact , norway uses a massive 96 % , we only half of that ( damn fjords ... ) . 
  also , our ( sweden and norways ) laws with regards to co2 , garbage etc are fairly similar . 
   sweden has the benefits of a little bit more income , can locate the incinerators away from large centers of population ( not difficult ) and has cheaper energy as a result . 
  no , almost all of them are in the south , in the most populated areas , and fairly close too , stockholm , g\u00f6teborg and helsingborg comes to mind . 
  also , almost all the electricity up north ( where you indicated they should be since it is empty up there ) comes from water , 48 % of the swedish energy is water energy . 
  i have done several visits to those incinirator plants and they clean the air obviously , so it does n't really matter that it is close to cities , it is within the guidelines ( which as you pointed out , are strict ) . 
  we have more problems with spiked tires in stockholm :-) . 
   therefore sweden built too much incinerator capacity for just sweden . 
  no , we have to little incinirator capacity , or it depends on how you mean . 
  if it is wrong to use incinirators , then we have to much obviously , but since sweden has decided that this is an ok way to use garbage , we do not . 
  it was started as a way of effectively using our own waste , but we were just more effective than we thought . 
  oviously , it is not an ideal solution , but the landfills also produces methane , which is worse , and well , they are ugly landfills too . 
  one of the issues that has been debated in sweden is how much we should import . 
  the pro - people says that it is better that we deal with it and `` clean '' it , than for example lithuania or whathever the last country were that we wanted to import from . 
  the no - people ( really just the green party ) says it is wrong to produce co2 always , even if we clean it , and we should always stop and preferably make others stop too ( they always says that ) . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/12bvve/garbage_engineer_from_sweden_ask_me_anything/ ) is an iama from a swedish garbage engineer you might find interesting . 
  i am an environmental scientist and i think i can safely say that the number one is wrong , in that sense that it was never a plan . 
  it is also decided on a local municipal level , so it could n't really be `` a plan '' , unless you got a lot of different cities to agree ( and keep quiet ) about it . 
  it is number two . 
  i have understood that it only works in cold climates , but i have n't really understood why more countries , like ( parts of ) the us , uk , france etc does this . 
  it is really quite neat , and i have become rather fond of garbage places , something i did n't really believe a few years back :-), 
   which is what the post claims , and building incinerators with surpass capacity because norway 's air pollution laws are so strict owing to the former problems caused by acidic rain . 
  i do n't quite understand what you mean , could you perhaps clarify ? 
  from what i understand ( i am swedish ) is that we have houses that are heated with the excess heat that comes from us burning the garbage . 
  unfortunately , sweden recycle a lot of our garbage , so we do not have as much garbage as we need to heat up the houses , so we need to import more garbage so the houses get their heat . 
  that is bad . 
  we removed that for murder actually . 
  could we charge them perhaps , did n't it happen on swedish water , if you are not able to do it on time ? 
  but the article is right above you , sangalog copied it . 
  they should . 
  159 people murderd . 
  i 'm sure they 'll get around to it ... . you do not have `` preskribtionstid '' do you ? 
  ( that the person who commited a crime is `` free '' after 25 years or so if he is not caught before ), 
  we have heard about that in sweden too . 
  is anyone arrested ? 
  i mean , it was murder . 
  but the bank of england 's board can be trusted to follow the rules , and the laws , just like the bank of sweden . 
  you do know that it says that the ecb are not supposed to protect individual countries , banks or buy bonds from them . 
  we are talking about so many trillions now that gets thrown away , against the law . 
  the ecb is absolutely wrong in what they are doing , no doubt about that . 
  how on earth can you defend law breaking ? 
  unfortunately - what would be the advantages for me as a swede ? 
  we would have to send much more money south , less of our tax money would go to us , and issues we care about , and where our voices get heard . 
  a brilliant example of that is the cap - we have to pay more and get blatantly discriminated , for a moronic policy that is less environmental friendly and is less strict than ours . 
  also , the eu is more corrupt than sweden so even more of our money would be wasted . 
  the eu has also demonstrated a blatant disregard for democracy that is astounding .
