  and portugal has broken its emigration record . 
  well , it says so in the article , so yes . 
  good to hear more and more countries are fighting for lgbtq-rights . 
  so they have gay marriages , adoptions and stuff ? 
  and yes , i have heard a out transgender in vietnam - cool . 
  doubt it , vietnam and laos does n't seem to embrace gay marriages not to mention algeria and tunisia , but south america for example seem to be more progressive . 
  south africa is another example where one can be gay and marry . 
  the eu should first and foremost follow the law and its treaties , which it is n't doing at the moment . 
  and if we change the treaty to that it should fight for example unemployment , then it should . 
  until that day however , it is not the eu 's thing , just like military is not an issue for the eu since the nations have their own military budgets . 
  social transfers are all forms of benefits , pensions , welfare , health care etc if you however ask me on a personal level i do not think the eu should have a common cap since it is run rather horribly and i think my country ( and a lot of other countries ) would run it a lot better themselves . 
  however , the eu has decided that and until we remove it i will just have to fight it in all ways possible , democratically of course . 
  however , it is a shining example for me how the eu run things worse than my country does and how we should fight with all our might to make sure they do not get their hands in a lot of more things . 
  of course there are exceptions too . 
  love cooperation a in research . 
  love erasmus . 
  think there are areas where cooperation is good and necessary like environment and energy . 
  water . 
  climate change . 
  however , first and foremost , be democratic and follow the law . 
  thanks . 
  i do n't have a problem with the fact that the battle against unemployment is being fought , but i do not think that is eu 's fight to fight . 
  i think it is bad that the eu try to squeeze in welfare and social transfers through the back door . 
  we are not a transfer union yet where finland pays off bulgaria 's welfare costs and i dislike it when they behave that way . 
  sweden 's debt/gdp ratio is below 40 % , not above . 
  why would the eu do that ? 
  unemployment is not combated on an eu level , it is fought and discussed on a national level . 
  furthermore , do we even have the mechanishms/institutions for dealing with welfare and social issues . 
  where in the treaty is this covered , does anyone know ? 
   i think you misunderstand . 
  you asked why a country having a disproportionate surplus is wrong and i referred you to the failings of merchantilism . 
  now , as you correctly say , the construction of the euro has no mechanism to deal with huge surpluses . 
  it does have an inflation target and you 're right that it might not be enough but germany ignored that rule anyway . 
  if it had not , then things would not be quite so bad . 
  no , things would still be so bad , you are grasping at straws . 
  and * germany is not doing anything wrong * , so stop being angry with them . 
  if some countries import , some has to export . 
  that is not wrong . 
  the big thing is that greece is not competitive enough . 
  you do n't hear finland complaining do you ? 
  it is about being competitive . 
  greece is not while under the euro.complaining about germanys surplus and thinking that will change anything is like peeing on a forest fire , sorry but true . 
   i think you misunderstand . 
  you asked why a country having a disproportionate surplus is wrong and i referred you to the failings of merchantilism . 
  now , as you correctly say , the construction of the euro has no mechanism to deal with huge surpluses . 
  it does have an inflation target and you 're right that it might not be enough but germany ignored that rule anyway . 
  if it had not , then things would not be quite so bad . 
  ok , then i misunderstood , sorry . 
   they do n't build stuff `` upon the tears of greek children slave labourers '' but the germany 's mindframe , i.e. 
  export as much as possible , import as little as possible '' is creating the conditions for poverty everywhere else . 
  no , now you are wrong and exaggerating again . 
  the poverty in greece is caused by a ) incorrect euro b ) low productivity among the greeks c , d , e ) corruption , no own currency and ineffective laws/rules/government . 
  it is not caused by the germans . 
  and saying that the germans are * causing * the poverty is frankly are really , really grave insult . 
  they are not , and if you agree with me on the euro and on the causes , how can you then claim this ? 
  it seems to me that while you on the surface claim to agree with me about the euro and the causes , you really do n't . 
  you slip up the whole time , and it shows . 
  are you aware that you just blamed germany for * poverty everywhere * ? 
  it is a ridicilous , and completely incorrect claim . 
   you seriously believe the bailouts have helped ? 
  when someone is seriously indebted , you force him to take more loans and then also do austerity which limits his ability to pay back all the loans ? 
  that is the opposite of helping . . 
  it is what you wanted since you did n't want to quit the euro . 
  the alternative is default . 
  you know i prefer default , but every other alternative * always * involve someone else paying off your debt , and paying your bills , no matter how you swing it . 
  so quit !, 
  but do not stay and complain , which is what you do , the whole time . 
  i said it and i said it again - if you made your bed , why ca n'tyou lie in it ? 
   but germany is currently the ones that are stopping the necessary reforms to fix the euro 's deficiencies . 
  it makes sense to tell them something about it , does it not ? 
  we should say both : `` we fucked up '' is true . 
  `` germany should stop resisting eurozone reform '' is also true . 
  it does n't need to be one or the other , it can be both . 
  no they are not !, 
  the reforms would be , as you very well know , enormous . 
  i can start with informing you that sweden would vote no , and i can guarantee the whole of northern europe . 
  i want proof for you claim !, 
  and frankly - what world are you living in where you think in a few years that finns will vote to cut back on everything even more to be able to send 30 % of their gdp south to pay off greece 's debt . 
  you said it could happen soon , and i say , as a resident of northern europe that you are delusional if you think we are gpoing to vote for that in the nearest 50 years . 
  why would we ? 
  that would also mean the end of our national states !, 
  if you , as you said , agree with me a currency union work , you * know\u00c4 that there are no working currency unions without huge transfers . 
  how can * germany * be the only ones standing in the way . 
  do you think the french will say - fuck our pensions , we want to pay off portugal 's pensions ? 
  so , again , you are just agreeing with me on the surface , while not accepting any blame , or even reason . 
  germany is not in the way !, 
   no , they have n't . 
  they have : ignored the inflation target . 
  ignored the deficit target . 
  are resisting changes to fix the eurozone . 
  wtf ? 
  like every other country in the ez , apart from estonia and finland , and you still blame germany ? 
  france is worse and * it has nothing to do with greece * . 
  they could have followed it to the letter and you * still * would have been in the shitter , because of the euro , your low productivity , your debt , your corruption etc. 
  but no , you just want to blame germany ( even thought france is worse ) . 
   that 's true . 
  but we ca n't turn back the clock . 
  greece is now inside the eurozone and an exit would be pretty catastrophic . 
  it should be avoided unless fixing the eurozone turns out to be completely impossible . 
  so , how is that anyone else 's fault ?
