  other people are known for their work ethics , like the vietnamese ... 
  so , can you post a ** scientific study ** why serbia would not be a leech but add to the eu . 
  why you be a net contributor ? 
  no - i did n't think so . 
  serbs seem not to be able to understand the concept of science if i may generalize . 
  i 've asked several times that you guys could post them , which seems reasonable since i am about for pay for you - but you guys refuse ) . 
  i guess that is serbian thing to avoid posting studies , or you honestly do not know what it is . 
  that is tragic . 
  but that does n't make me more willing to pay for you guys , actually less . 
  science - please post the studies . 
  i am waiting . 
  of course i have access to scientific journals , so that is ok with me . 
  i am waiting for proof that exists outside of your head . 
  i really do n't give a shit . 
  do you have any science , since no one else in this thread seems to be unable to even spell the fucking word . 
  can you prove to me scientifically that serbia will not be a net recipient and not corrupt . 
  or are you just as much of an idiot as the rest of them . 
  ( and no , i do not give a shit about internet votes from idiots ) . 
  and , like the rest of the serbs , you have no arguments or science , do you ? 
  you are just popping up and want money . 
  you do n't even know what a scientific study is do you ? 
  that is so pathetic.post links , or just admit you have no facts . 
  ok , so post the links and studies then . 
  i am waiting . 
  we both know that you have none . 
  i am waiting . 
   they will add cheap labor force . 
  they will make fiat products cheaper and thus more competitive on global markets . 
  this will add to eu 's value . 
  this is only one example . 
  with you logic then greece is adding to the eu . 
  is not . 
  it is like you do not understand and hate science . 
  so again - give me the scientific studies !, 
  do you think i do not notice that you have no studies and no arguments . 
  grow up and post some science . 
  why do n't you have any ?? 
  that is saying a lot , that you have none . 
  everyone understand that the fact that you refuse to post to stuff means that you have none . 
  so , since you have n't proved otherwise , serbia is still going to be a drain and corrupt . 
  you could convince me otherwise , with science studies , but you have none ... are you to much of a coward to admit that you have none ? 
  too afraid ? 
   what has this to do anything with eu 's net receivers ? 
  does slovakia , poland , hungary ... have 170 % debt ? 
  it 's greece 's fault , not eu 's . 
  no , it does n't . 
  it was a response to your point that the * only * reason greece still received money was that they have some poor areas . 
  i am getting tired of you . 
  why do n't you post the studies that proves that serbia will add and not take from the eu ? 
  why do n't you post the studies that prove that the cohesion funds work ? 
  why do n't you post the studies that prove that greece , spain and portugal are not net recipients ... you are obviously not a person who likes facts . 
  you have no facts . 
  you just like to argue . 
  if you have them , post them . 
  why are n't you posting the studies and facts that i am asking about ? 
  what are your reasons ? 
  no , it is n't , and you are changing your argument , and * still * not providing any proof . 
  greece has a debt of bloody 170 % and you are blaming it on the regions ? 
  have you ever studied one second of economics ? 
  and spain are * not * receiving cohesion funds from 2014 , but they are * still * a net reciever . 
  why should we a ) add another net receiver . 
  sciencetific arguments please . 
  b ) continue with something that does n't work . 
  please give me scientific arguments why it is better to add and pay for generations to come for a net recipient and a corrupt country . 
  you really have no arguments that has anything to do with science , do you ? 
  are you providing evidence that the cohesion funds work ? 
  then please post the study . 
  or are you just arguing that you want the eu to keep paying money for a project you like . 
  so , if they work - why are spain , greece and portugal still on the receiving end ? 
  please answer that one in derail with scientific studies please . 
  leave the euro . 
  you do realise we are talking about serbia ? 
  and the scientific proof i am looking for is scientific studies . 
   it 's a win/win situation . 
  at least in this case ... no skanska in greece , spain . 
  i was n't referring to spain . 
  i was referring to serbia . 
  swedish student . 
  * i cook 90 % of my own meals ( approximately ) * i cook a mixture between swedish and `` european '' food ( french/italian ( whoever is responsible for the stew/soup ) . 
  i rarely cook anything japanese/african/chinese etc. 
  not because i dislike it really , but it is not my area.my sushi rice would just taste bad - easier buying it . 
  * i am an environmentalist so i try to implement it when i buy food but it is always the argument between `` what is envionmentally friendly/should i buy this/can i buy this etc. '', 
  * i am lucky with meat in that sense that i am from a family that hunts/my cousin is a farmer/my best friends sister has sheep etc so my meat is usually cheap and ecologically . 
  my freezer is far to small though , since they generally sell it/give it in bulk , and what the heck does one do with 30 kg elk and 30 kg sheep ... . * i * always * buy msc fishes . 
  i have converted most of my friends to that . 
  we fish ourselves at our summer house but i ca n't eat that since i am a female of fertile age ... * i have celiac disease/gluten intolerant so i ca n't really eat that much fast food . 
  do n't really like it anyway , so i 'm fine with that . 
  * my family does n't really grow our own food , unless you count meat and fish . 
  all of us however has a huge environmental streak so you really do not serve anything non environmental at family gathering . 
  case in point - a few years back when cod was off the ( swedish ) tables my mother served cod . 
  all of us looked at her until she * promised * it was norwegian cod ... * swedish traditional food is much more healthy than swedes think , but they never bother to look beyond the potatoes and meatballs . 
  salmon and cabbage is really the way to go . 
  yes , and i 'll gladly fight them too . 
  do you honestly think that i am so patriotic , and idiotic , that i 'll defend that the cohesion funds work because some swedish companies use them ? 
  do you have any scientific proof that they work ? 
   yeah that 's how federal structures work , money gets moved rich areas to poor areas by the federal government . 
  for example in the us , new jersey get .5 $ for every dollar they give to the federal government , alaska gets 5 $ . i 'd bet that sweden works that way too with some cities being net contributors and some being net receivers.without these kinds of outlays the euro as a currency will not work . 
  the problem is that we are not a * federation * we do not tax together , we do not have a union . 
  we are separate countries . 
  why should i pay for another country , that is not even that poor , pay less taxes etc - just because we are on the same bloody continent .
