  i 'd like you to give me statistics why they are better . 
  i have access most of those countries for example do not live longer . 
  i have personally lived in some of them , and i do share your experience . 
  for example we have some of the best breast cancer survival , or generally cancer survival . 
  why are you then citing the uk as better then ? 
  [ here ] ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20162669 ) is one study proving for example that the uk is worse at cancer survival . 
  so , i 'd like you to provide me with statistics , but the fact is , that health wise , sweden is in the top 10 . 
  you might not like it , but you can not base your opinion on how you feel . 
  [ more statistic ] ( http://www.oecd.org/els/health-systems/49084488.pdf ) . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2013/01/new-health-rankings-of-17-nations-us-is-dead-last/267045/ ), 
  no one earns if the ecosystems of the planets crashes , which a lot of ecosystems are doing . 
  we have no clue what that will do to us , but for example , the shifting of the gulf stream , which is a likelyhood is n't exactly super . 
  nor is it when the oceans ca n't buffer any more co2 and those ecosystems crashes more . 
  none of us can be happy about the mass extinction of species that is happening right now ... a few extra thousands of kilometers will not change that unfortunately , but you are right - a few countries will in the short term not be as hard affected as the others , but in the end we are all losers . 
  so what you are saying is that the studies are wrong ? 
  i can give you study , after study after study ( do you have access to scientific journals ) and i am sorry , unless you provide me with scientific proof , i will always belive science . 
  also , you are simplifying it way to much . 
  it will not be two degrees warmer in july , for god 's sake . 
  it will perhaps be 4 degrees in july , and i degree in december . 
  and , the heat will ruin the crop , the soil and no matter what you do , a lot of the rain ( which you have to little of in greece anyway ) which does fall down will evaporate . 
  also , with the climate change , you will get less rain in greece - all of southern europe will get less rain . 
  unfortunately , the countries who will get more rain are the ones who really does n't need it . 
  for example , canada , russia , norway , sweden , finland etc. 
  the countries ( in europe ) who will receive less , are among others , southern europe where greece is . 
  in fact , it is already a problem in spain ... 
  so , sorry , you will have to provide me with scientific articles as to why climate change would n't affect greece . 
  i have studied environmental science , you need science to convince me . 
  it has already happened , and they are not acting , unfortunately . 
  i mean , china and the us are n't really doing anything , but the eu is bad as well . 
  we need a whole new way of thinking , not just some extra taxes , unfortunately . 
  those extra degrees can be catastrophic for your farmers . 
  also , you will get less rain . 
  the desertification of southern europe is well on its way , unfortunately . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.eea.europa.eu/themes/soil/desertification/map-of-sensitivity-to-desertification-and-draught-in-southern-europe/view ) you can see that greece is one of those countries most likely to be affected by droughts , desertification and soil erosion . 
  that is not a good thing for greece . 
  in particular , since the tourist might stop coming - it will be to warm . 
  unfortunately climate change happens all over the world , so it is not like we will have an edge , althoug i applaud you for trying to stay positive . 
  i mean , every country in the world will feel the effects , although differently . 
  i think we are all losers when it comes to climate change , no one is the winner . 
  it is just horrible and less horrible . 
  has anyone , anywhere , ever , managed to successfully stop prostitution ? 
  doubt it , have you been to northern sweden , norway , russia and finland ? 
  i 'd say that they are less populated than the highlands . 
  i think sweden had positive growth ( 1,4 % ) for q4 in 2012 and i think we had positive growth ( something like 0,5 % ) for q1 in 2013 . 
  on my phone , but i 'll find links later . 
  so if the point of cap is surviving in case of food shortage due to war , why are french wine sponsored ? 
  dutch tomatoes and tulips ? 
  why decades of sponsoring tobacco ? 
  why are swedes being discriminated ? 
  eastern europe ? 
  are you honestly saying that the cap is , or have even ever been optimal in case of food shortage ? 
  do we need tulips in case of war ? 
  wine ? 
  why . 
  the cap is * not * designed to be optimal in case food shortage you are wrong . 
  otherwise i 'd like you to explain to me just what the purpose is of discrimination of swedes and eastern europeans in war ? 
  is that a secret weapon ? 
  same with wine ? 
  you know , with the last cap 4 % of the whole budget ( the whole !!!!! ), 
  went to wine . 
  for how many decades have france made money from that ? 
  explain how that benefits me ( and still benefits me , since wine still gets money ) as a citizen of europe please ? 
  you say that the french knows that is not the 60 's . 
  honestly , it does n't matter if you say so , i 'll believe you when you act upon it . 
  life has taught me to believe in people 's action . 
  well , france still defend an inefficient cap that discriminates and hurts the people of eu . 
  so , actually , that makes you far more costly and bothersome than the uk . 
  france acts in europe 's interest when you do . 
  now you do not . 
  i pay for your wines while you discriminate me . 
  same with strasbourg . 
  and a ) the tobin tax is stupid . 
  you might not like austerity , but you have no right to break neither the maastricht treaty nor the ecb rules - are you saying you are going to ? 
  however - all the best to you if you want to invest more in the south , they need it . 
  however , from what i have heard you need reforms , badly but instead you are focusing on taxing . 
  that sounds like a stupid idea to me . 
  hollande , might want investments - who does n't ? 
  do you anyone apart from bhutan who says no ? 
  the question is - who is going to pay for it ? 
  is he ? 
  exactly . 
  some people like that , why not let them have their fun . 
  otherwise , change the channel . 
  where have i said that i want france to leave ? 
  i am saying that france are not fighting for eu , they are fighting for france . 
  otherwise - why strasbourg ? 
  so , you are saying the cap is not adjusted nor has been adjusted towards french needs , since the eu started ? 
  they are receiving an enormous amount of money from the cap , just because of that . 
  yes , i know they are a net donor , but they would have has to give a lot more , if it were not for the cap . 
  or , do you think it is ok that swedes revive far less for their cows than the french , even though they can have been brought up in identical manner ? 
  you do know that 5 % of the cap went to wine ? 
  why is my money going to wine castles ? 
  oh , and you do know that the eastern european countries have received far less than they should , they were even special rules ? 
  oh , and you do know that 44 % of the budget ( i think it will be something like 38 % know ) goes to something that max 3 % of the population work in , and makes our food more expensive . 
  the french want to keep that of course . 
  oh , at the same time we are cutting down on research . 
  i can give you a million reasons why the cap in it previous form was super idiotic , expensive and extremely discriminating . 
  i can still give you a lot of examples of how the cap discriminates in favour of the french , and how it is still to big , to expensive and to stupid . 
  defended by the french of course . 
  or , do you think it is a smart idea to cut down on research to sponsor wine ?
