  they are taking the job that in my mind the state should do . 
  that means less trust in the state , and perhaps also , less responsibility and accountability for them . 
  also , if there is more influence for the church - what does that means ? 
  can one vote in the church - no . 
  in fact , half the population are n't even allowed to hold any positions of importance . 
  furthermore , they do not even attempt to share their accounts , show accountability etc , they only see themselves as accountable for rome and god . 
  also , more catholic church means less influence for women , they campaigning against sensible things like birth control , condoms , gay marriages , abortions . 
  more catholic church is socially a step backwards 500 years in some respects unfortunately . 
  so , instead i wish that romania would spend their money on improving the civil society b, 
  no , it is strange . 
  i like eu as a trade union , research , erasmus etc , but in all the areas i have seen them take full responsibility ( agriculture ) or a a lot of responsibility ( economy in the eurozone , bank saves etc ) they seem to have made a rather fine mess of it . 
  i do not want that , or the lovely corruption that comes with it . 
  bur they are not the only people who want more . 
  i understand bulgarians , but germans ? 
  and , btw , they all want more without ever telling how to deal with the corruption that already exists . 
  it is your country , you have the ideas , start implementing them . 
  this started because you complained that people cared more about france than italy . 
  then you claimed that i have to care , because we are all in the eu . 
  why ? 
  we deal more with norway , who is outside . 
  in general i think sweden would do well to move away from eu trade dependency . 
  well , in general i wish countries do to well . 
  obviously , i wish that for spain and italy too . 
  no one is served by countries doing bad . 
  however , you seem to think it is somehow up to me , or the eu to fix and implement changes in the sovereign states of spain and italy . 
  tell me , why do you think that ? 
  so , what exactly do you want me to do ? 
  yes , i am sure this is what romania needs the most , more religion . 
  interesting list . 
  thank you . 
  however , all that needs to be done by the spanish peope . 
  not by anyone else . 
  same for italy . 
  but , apparently they do not want to , so one can not blame other countries for not fixing them . 
  yes , or ireland . 
  i also though italy was united by garibaldi , not by marriage . 
  maybe it is true for spain . 
  enlighten me then . 
  how was sweden and finland and iceland , for example , created by marriage . 
  apparently not even the italians . 
  this has been going on for over a decade , and the italians has , and * is * still refusing changes . 
  if the italians refuse to deal with their economy and change , why should anyone else care ? 
  ultimately , the ones responsible for the situation in italy , is , of course the italians . 
  why - do you think anyone else should fix sovereign nations problems that they are not attempting to fix themselves . 
  how , exactly , please elaborate . 
  for example , how fix southern italy and corrupion ? 
  exactly - was a big economy . 
  also , did n't it come from poorer circumstances than france , which could partly explain the growth ? 
  in particular southern italy were not that developed before . 
  nevertheless , the numbers were interesting . 
  i honestly do not understand why italy are resisting changes so much when one look at those numbers . 
  who do you think will absorb bail out costs if france refuse ? 
  yes . 
  do n't leave please . 
  because france is a bigger economy and a bad french economy has a bigger impact . 
  and , as long as they worked , one could ignore huge faults and rifts within france/eu/euro . 
  now it has to change . 
  it will be painful . 
  also , they are the ones , in the euro area that mainly have been absorbing the costs for bailing out banks , bail outs etc , after germany ( and yes , other countries like nl , finland etc had been paying to , but france have bigger impact due to size ) . 
  if i were a euro lover , like most people on r/europe i would be very frightened if france is on its knees . 
  what if another bail out is needed and the french really refuse ? 
  shall germany carry and pay for everyone ? 
  how will that go down ? 
  an unpopular hollande ignore the home front and send more money to unemployed spanish or portuguese people ? 
  will that go down well with unemployed french ? 
  i am not a french tabloid news editor , but i have no problem coming up with headlines that i am sure can shine like any headline from bild or daily mail . 
  again , everyone who thinks the euro is a wonderful currency and want ever closer integration - do you think that a tired unemployed french people are looking forward to eurobonds for example , which a lot of people see as the solution ? 
  taking on more debt from another country while they are on their knees ? 
  doubt it . 
  that is just a few reason why people are worried . 
  sigh , yes i know and yes one should not misuse funds , but just as i and everyone else in this thread has pointed out - the eu funds are a small part of bulgarian gdp , and it is most certainly a small part of bulgarian society . 
  bulgaria is an independent nation that , to be honest have to start fixing themselves . 
  the only one that can fix bulgaria are the bulgarian . 
  and , frankly , putting the responsibility outside of bulgaria , asking someone else to fix your problems is the wrong way to go . 
  apart from the fact that the eu has mo jurisdiction over bulgaria , and the only ones who can and should fix bulgaria are the bulgarians themselves , as other people have pointed out , it is still little , no matter how you count . 
  what show ? 
  what country ? 
  i think our shows usually start at 20 , 20.30 or whatever . 
  are you saying that they start at 19.42 ? 
   the argument for this -- and it seems to be a sound one -- is that under the european system , the bulk of call cost is imposed by the company used by the person you are calling . 
  there is therefore no market pressure for this to go down . 
  thank you for the explanation . 
  one thing i have agains it is that you can not control who calls you . 
  if i were to write your number on some site , with the message , `` horny girl , just want to fuck , no strings attached , please call me , from all over the world '' , you could be ruined . 
  why charge for something that the customer have no way of controlling ? 
   it is enough to warrant making sure that they are being spent well and in good hands though 1 % of ~ 17.5 trillion us dollars is a lot of money . 
  of course . 
  it is just that making sure that the eu money is spent well will not end bulgarian corruption . 
  the bulgarians have to stop that . 
  eu funds are an extremely little part of the economy/society in most countries . 
  yes , you can do a phone contract , if you by that mean that you can pay x euros per month for xgb data , x minutes on the phone , x sms etc. 
  however , what is different is that the us is the only country that i know of where you charge someone when they call you . 
  in europe we get charged for the phone calls we make , not the ones we receive . 
  exactly , i can just see myself sighing in front of the screen . 
  what is really freaky , is that basically the first three cars to stop , before the ambulance came , had a doctor , a midwife , and a fireman . 
  wonder what the odds for that is . 
  i do not agree with the authors assertion that abortions reflects `` a national idea of what constitutes the common good '' . 
  i sweden at least it is very much that the woman has a right to choose , about feminism etc. 
  of course there are other arguments too , but i 'd say it is the main one . 
  and , if you are lucky to a ) get it , b ) advance to a senior management position , you might get to c ) spend a year in [ \u00c4lmhult ] ( http://www.ikea.com/ms/de_de/img/about_ikea/press_room/pr_images/ikea-aelmhult-1.jpg ) .
