  a lot of countries should have had more honest politicians , or sometimes i think it was just honest optimism , better informed ones . 
   so , in effect you 're arguing in defence of an impossible state of affairs that could only exist temporarily . 
  but what you are arguing for , a fincancial union without democratic support would be even shorter . 
  and , i have not doubt , crueler . 
  besides , what i am arguing for is a much smaller euro , or a complete abandoning of it . 
  i do n't think that the countries who leave the euro should be thrown out of the eu though , i am sure one can re-enter the next day or so . 
  i think supporting a badly constructed currency is madness , and trying to help it by going against current law and treaties makes it even worse . 
  if we abandon democracy , what can we really build ? 
   by the way , where were you when greece was getting ridiculed for wanting a referendum on the loan agreements ? 
  everyone at the time was like `` the people do n't know what 's good for them and therefore we should decide for them '' . 
  a bit of a double standard there , eh ? 
  i agree , was n't one reddit then . 
  i would have been on your side . 
  i personally think greece should have left as soon as the crises hit , you could have been well on your way to recovery now , instead of the prolonged suffering that you are having now . 
  and , yes , you had a right to vote about it , but i also personally think the germans had too , it was and is against the treaty really , not to mention billions of euros . 
  i do think greece is far more problematic that portugal and spain though , since you seem to have more deep seated corruption which , i think can affect your recovery more . 
   if we left and defaulted the contagion would be quite a sight . 
  yes , it would . 
  i think the outstanding debt in target 2 and ela are something along the lines of 1,2 trillions euros , and that is just in those two systems . 
  but , you would n't have to pay them then :-) . 
  i am not saying that you should long for it , but at least you could perhaps giggle a little , a tiny bit , when the shit hit the fan for everyone . 
  you are avoiding to answer my question . 
  how on earth are you going to force countries to be part of a union they have voted no to , and how are you going to take their money ? 
  how are you even going to create a union withot the law or votes ? 
   the other option is to terminate the euro and everyone goes back to their own currencies , that works to as far as i 'm concerned . 
  i am fine with that too . 
   you seem to be under the impression that i care about the euro , i am under the impression that you do not care about democracy . 
   and how do you think greece feels now when the finland is making profit from greek debt ? 
   `` last year , the finnish central bank contributed 227 million euros to the finnish budget as a result of profits made on the greek , spanish and portuguese government bonds it holds , 40 million euros more than it made in 2011 . 
  this year , the profit should rise to 360 million . '', 
  is that your argument to invde finland . 
  it is so stupid that i am stunned . 
  first of all , you are talking about very small sums . 
  second , do you know what a bond is ? 
  one is * supposed * to make money from bonds - every single country have them , and other countries/banks/financial institutions buy them as a sort of investment . 
  so i bet at least 50 countries own greek bonds , and hundreds of financial institutions . 
  greece probably has swedish bonds to , and makes money from them , albeit less , since sweden is seen as a securer market . 
  are you going to invade everyone . 
  you honestly do not seem to have the tiniest graps of the financial market - it is a good thing when someone buys your country 's bonds . 
  how much money has greece made from bonds they have in other countries over the years ? 
  a lot i bet - as it should be , that is how the market works . 
  third - you are supposed to make money from bonds , * that is the point of bonds * . 
  i promise , at least 75 countries have bought bonds in my country - why should i be mad about that ? 
  why are you mad about bonds ? 
  fourth - you seem to be implying that greece somehow deserves free money from other countries in the eu , above what they are already given as a net receiver , even though it goes against the maastricht treaty . 
  why does greece deserve free money ? 
  why ca n't greece pay off their debt , finland theirs etc - you seem to think it is all right and proper that a finnish tax payer pay off greece debt . 
  fifth - as the article in the top here says , countries within the eurozone has lost , compared to countries outside . 
  so , finland , has lost in comparison to their nordic neighbours denmark and sweden , and trust me , they have loist a lot more than 360 . 
  sixth , i 'll just stop there , but i 'd really love for you to explain to me why we should break the law . 
   i would n't mind leaving . 
  but us leaving would have serious consequences as our debt is in euros . 
  so , leaving , would entail an almost complete default . 
  everyone would be seriously fucked if the troubled countries go that way . 
  not that i care , we are fucked anyway . 
  yes , you would default . 
  but the consequences are serious anyhow , at least you would have a chance to have your destiny in your own hands , and rebuild in the way that suits you . 
  i honestly believe the euro , the way it is built is a crap currency anyway , so the faster you can leave , the better . 
   well you can always find workarounds if you 're creative , you could create an european invesment bank or something like that . 
  we need something to hold the ship together as we certainly wo n't last a decade once france starts being really affected . 
  no , not really for what you are suggesting . 
  there are not workarounds for getting the finns to start paying of portuguese debt , and there are no workarounds inflation . 
  people will start to pay attention if it starts to increase , it is not something you can hide . 
  nor can you force the richer populations to start paying for the investments that you need , they will notice x billions missing as well . 
  so , i do not think so . 
   we need something to hold the ship together why , it is the worst constructed ship i have ever seen ? 
  i 'd call it the wasa ship of the currencies ( a swedish ship , extremely expensive who sank around 20 minutes after it set sail , in 1628 ) . 
  one can not have a monetary union of such diverse economies without a financial one . 
  and , one can not as you suggest , go through the back door , nor do i think one should , it is not right towards the people who has voted , people who think that the law should rule , and towards people who do not want a financial union , which i happen to believe most do not . 
  do you honestly think it is democratic to try to force it on people ? 
  why ? 
  what gives anyone the right to set themselves above treatues ? 
  which is the next law that we are going to ignore ? 
  why not just leave , instead of trying to hold on to something that should never have seen the light of day , sad but true . 
   i do n't see that we need a new treaty for the ecb to have the power it should . 
  the eurozone central banks can just vote on it , not that i 'm hopeful that the crazy people in the bundesbank would . 
  no , it goes against the ecb statues , and the maastricht treaty , so yes it would need to be voted upon . 
  besides , it is not something that can just be decided by the countries in the eurozone . 
  so , yes , there need to be a vote . 
  since that will take over a decade in my opinion , what do you think they should do ? 
  i am against it personally ( as is my country ) but above all , i am against the current trend of trying to go towards a financial union without popular votes . 
  for those countries who want to be in a financial union i think it is fine if their populations vote yes towards it and a new treaty is negotiated . 
  for those who chose yes , they obviously should n't be foreced into a union they do not want . 
  i 'd like to see more studies done , where you compare swedish/finland , denmark/austria etc , i find it interesting . 
  oh , that would have been news here too . 
  which priest article ? 
   you 're taking examples of the eu `` discriminating '' against individual regions and acting as if the eu is the only organisation which `` discriminates '' against certain regions . 
  that is not an excuse . 
  besides , i 'd like for you to give me a few example where sweden discriminates against itself . 
   i 've already mentioned that a lot of uk law is designed for the more populous and metropolitan south/south-east an yes , but then * you * , in britain , vote about it . 
  it is not voted about in other countries , whether you should take british money and pay off romania - the money still stays in the country ( without extra bureacracy and corruption added from brussels ) . 
   i 'm not denying that eu law sometimes benefits one state while disadvantaging another ( though personally i agree on the whole the laws usually do more good overall ) but just because the eu has a lot of people does n't mean it damages specific groups ' interests any more than a small organisation wood . 
  so , can you show me then where sweden discriminates against ourselves if it happens all the time then ? 
  i am particularely interested in the pre cap era . 
  also , * the money then would stay in the country and benefits other swedes * . 
  the money would not go to another country who pays less in taxes then we do , both in percentages , and by the fact that they are more corrupt ( the only country paying more in taxes than us are denmark , and the only countries less corrupt in the eu are finland and denmark ) . 
  second - policies that are directly damaging to sweden and to the people of the eu has been forced upon us by the fact that the eu do not seem to care about either us or the people . 
  i 'd like for you to explain to me why we have to support the french wine industry and why the french get more for each cow than we do and why the eu do not care about the fight that we are fighting , against antibiotics in meat , just for starters . 
   do you understand my point ? 
  yes , but i do not agree with it .
