  it is really , really nice since it is a really nice sport , and one hell of a workout . 
  haha , i can seee that . 
  they do . 
  and they are used to it . 
  and they do n't give up easily , or make a fuss about it really . 
  example of a stoic northerner who drove through the ice with his tractor . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b93xzvbch9w ) [ link ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b93xzvbch9w ) . 
  i think mariehamn is very wet and windy though . 
  that sort of cold you ca n't really dress against . 
  not to mention they speak swedish as well ... 
  thanks , just one qustion . 
   right kind of snow what sort is that ? 
  not the slushy one ? 
  what is a good winter for the uk ? 
  a good winter here is loads of snow and not to cold ( -5 to -10 degrees perhaps is decent ) . 
  i do n't think so , i am sure you can fend it off at the border . 
  it likes to stay in sweden , perhaps go over to norway/finland a bit for a chat , and of course mother russia will get a visit . 
  and , it is also how cold it is in relation to the average . 
  so unless your average is -20 , you 'll never get the -40 . 
  no , not to an outsider they are not , but i do n't know if the catalans will downvote me to hell for that . 
  but i am not against their independence , but it seem so be so ... provocative and ill thought through somehow . 
  i guess madrid is n't really helping the issue either , but at least in my mind calm and reason is the way to go in situations like this . 
  but does n't catalonia have massive debt ? 
  and do n't they need stuff like an army ? 
  planes ? 
  boats ? 
  at least i have arguments . 
  all you have is whining . 
  `` i want you to stop caring that we are corrupt and give us money '' . 
  that is really such a splendid attitude . 
  so - you have no answers of how to battle corruption ? 
  you admit that you will use my tax money and send corrupt politicians to brussels , and that you are a corrupt country . 
  then you get angry withe because i do n't want to let you in , to corrupt more , and use our eu money , since you think you have the right to my money and a right not to fix your country before you enter . 
  is that serbian logic , or just you ? 
  hope it is just you . 
  so , now you are becoming rude ? 
  no arguments , but rudeness . 
  no , to answer your question , i would not let italy and greece in either , but now they are in . 
  and why are you mad about the fact that i do not want to let my tax money go to waste ? 
  do you think i have some fucking obligation to let corrupt countries waste them ? 
  why ? 
  what right do you have to my tax money ? 
  what right do your country has ? 
  and yes , it is eus fault that they can not deal with corruption , but neither can you . 
  that is evident . 
  so , why would i want to being more corrupt countries in ? 
  wtf do you bring ? 
  apart from corruptness ? 
  and how can you fault me for not wanting your politicians in brussels . 
  you do not fucking want them yourself !, 
  yet you scream and want like a child . 
  can you guarantee that you politicians in brussels will be non corrupt ? 
  if nit - why should i want you in brussels ? 
  above all - you seem to think you have a bloody right to join . 
  why ? 
  what do you bring ? 
  and above all - give me good reasons as to why you ca n't fix your corrupt country first and them join . 
  and stop being rude . 
  the antibiotics use is very well documented and the farmers in western europe use far to much , exception norway/sweden . 
  they do not really have mrsa among their cattle . 
  i also think the uk and the netherlands have begun to fight against it . 
  as an example 88 % of the danish pig meat is infected with mrsa , yes the kind that humans have . 
  there has/is also a steady rise of mrsa in denmark of course . 
  denmark is hardly the only country in western europe with that problem . 
  not to mention that antibiotics is often used when you have the animals to cramped and infections are spreading , so is also when you have bad farms - they use it instead of increasing space . 
  and , since it is certainly feasible not to have mrsa among the cattle as norway/sweden demonstrates i think it is a very good thing to demonstrate for . 
  i think hormones are forbidden , they certainly are in sweden . 
  so , it is a flawed index . 
  yes , but so is every single other index one uses in social/political settings . 
  so is gdp as well . 
  are you suggesting that we should stop using gdp ? 
  no , of course not . 
  and since that one is the best available - i think it is the one we should use . 
  you can never get a perfect index . 
  that does n't mean we should n't use any index . 
  and - serbia is still corrupt as fuck . 
  that is no getting around that . 
  our money will go to waste and you will corrupt down the eu . 
  your corrupt politicians will make decisions that affect me . 
  why on earth would i want that ? 
  and the eu has no way to deal with corruption . 
  and i do not want the eu to be more and more corrupt . 
  and again - i do not see the problem . 
  if the fight against corruption is going as brilliant as you claim - well then you can join in 20 years or so . 
  but you should not join until you have figured out a way to deal with the corruption . 
  sigh . 
  you are still corrupt . 
  and if you are dealing with it as you say you are - then it should be no problem in joining then in 20 years or so , should it ? 
  as long as you are i do not want you to corrupt the eu . 
  second - have another suggestion then the corruption perception index . 
  which one should we use . 
  third - you will still send corrupt politicians th brussels - to decide over me . 
  until you have it figured out , why should i want you to corrupt down the eu . 
  austria and germany have been in the eu forever , and they are not the problem . 
  trust me . 
  corrupt countries like italy and greece are . 
  i also think you are the only person in the world who thinks germany is as corrupt as serbia . 
  i do not believe you , nor do i agree . 
  so why are you so corrupt then ? 
  again - if laws help then you and italy would n't be corrupt .
