  one krona spent incorrectly , is one krona to much . 
  btw - i have never said that i refuse to spend money on the eu . 
  i am saying that i want to know where the eu is going , and what they are planning when they take in more and more members . 
  furthermore , i 'd like to know there plans for finances and projects . 
  spain , greece , portugal and ireland has been receiving money since 1986 ( not to mentions some areas in italy and france that has been receiving mony since the 70 's ) . 
  is n't it perfectly reasonable to have a plan for when spain for example should be a net donor ? 
  i mean , we do have a plan for all those money they have been given over the years - do n't we ? 
  furthermore , if we have projects like `` rural development '' for example , i 'd like for that project ( like any projects ) to have a start , goal , end - and evaulation . 
  so , what do they want/goal , for how long - and did we reach it . 
  obviously we have n't reached it in some areas , since italy and france have areas that has been on the receiving end of that since the 70 's . 
  4 decades of receiving money - and no evaluation of why they have n't developed ? 
  do you think that is smart ? 
  do you want your tax money to be spent in that way ? 
  do you want 40 more years of spending or , do you want an evaluation of what went wrong , a perhaps redirection of money , and a time limit next time ? 
  for me it is natural to want my government to be able to answer those questions . 
  i am chocked about the recistance i meet here at r/europe , of people who are against it . 
  so , answer me - do n't you want the money to be spent , any money , with a goal , a beginning and an end + evaluation ? 
  what is wrong with that ? 
  why do n't you want that ? 
  furhtermore , why do n't you want to know what the eu plans are - when can greece be a net donor and what is the purpose of all the infrastructure money spain has been given ? 
  do n't you want that ? 
  if not - why ? 
  if yes - are n't you also upset that we are not being given that ? 
  i think we just call it `` nyhetstorka '' , or `` news drought '' . 
  i know , but they would give more if the cap was n't tailored for them . 
   in terms of what i would date then yes height matters but sharapova is still fucking beautiful no matter her height . 
  i do not know who that is , but sure . 
   to say that short/tall people ca n't be attractive is what im arguing against you seem so hung up on this . 
  as i have pointed out , i have never said that . 
  i pointed out my personal preferences , that is all . 
  they are not as attractive * to me * . 
  for god 's sake , a lot of people prefer angelina jolie over beyonce , that does n't mean that beyonce is ugly , just that one prefer one thing over the other . 
  or , the other way around . 
   there are probably plenty of dwares that have beautiful faces etc. 
  that i would n't date . 
  why would n't you ? 
  i am not saying that prince carl philip is n't attractive , just that he is n't particularely attractive to me . 
  for god 's sake , it was a comment on the fact that i prefer guys who are on the taller side , is that really so weird to you ? 
  i said `` we can do better than that , he is a bit short '' , in a jokular manner . 
  you are projecting your own issues on me . 
  i guess i hit a nerve , i am sorry . 
  probably - thanks . 
  well , i do n't argue about taste as long as she prefers swedes . 
  of course she did n't post a danish prince , which is what 's really important . 
  greece needed a debt reconstruction in 2009 . 
  can one choose neither ? 
  they are not models . 
  one is a football player , one is an actor . 
  anyway , i was just joking . 
   owever france should probably keep expending money in rural development because the french rural areas are less atractive than urban areas without additional funding . 
  the rural areas have improved in the last 40 years , but the urban areas have improved also . 
  but , the rural areas are less competitive than urban areas still . 
  but , france is * still * the biggest reipients . 
  however , countries in eastern europe need it a lot more , so why does france even get any money ? 
  that goes for * every * single country in the eu , including sweden , denmark , germany etc. 
  * far , far * more for sweden , since we are far more rural - northern sweden is really sparsely populated . 
   rural development no , wines go under the cap . 
  in the former budget , 4 % of the total eu budget went to wine . 
  it was mad . 
  so , again , why do we need wine , tobacco and tulips . 
  furthermore - those wine regions of france and italy are * far , far * richer than regions in bulgaria , romania etc , so frankly , in a world where supply is limited - why are two g7 countries the biggest recipients ? 
  the development and support is far more needed and urgent in eastern europe . 
   the rural areas are less atractives than urban areas without additional programs . 
  i want to keep them alive . 
  i do too , but unlike you i do not accept status quo . 
  i see no reason to think that the only way to keep them alive is endlessly subsidising them . 
  do you think the only way to keep things alive is by endlessly subsidising them ? 
  why is that ? 
  i am not like you , i refuse to accept this accepting of endless sponsoring . 
  at some point it has to change and stop in the same time that south korea dragged itself out of poverty southern italy has n't changed . 
  do you really think our money is well spent there ? 
  honestly , if i have to sponsor them for another 40 years , they should perhaps die out ( some villages , not the italians ) . 
   citation needed . 
  oh , how about the fact that the `` rural development '' that you are so fond of does n't really apply to sweden and finland ? 
  due to our population density 80 % of the countries would be eligeble , and we would drain the funds . 
  so , we do not get it on the same premises as france or italy . 
  they have areas that are far more inhibited that swedish areas , that receive more money or , do you want me to write an essay why swedish farmers receive less money for the exact same cow ? 
  i 'll do it , but you will get it on sunday . 
  or , why , if the cap is tailored for survival in case of food shortage , have we included wine at all ? 
  not the idea of the brits , i can tell you that . 
   however , the eu funds went to the projects that make sense . 
  how do you know that ? 
  citation needed that they were the best investments . 
  * if * they had evaluated i would have believed you , but now it is just that they make sense to you . 
  for me however , they might not . 
  infrastructure for me is also it and stuff . 
  perhaps , at least to me , more of those money should have been invested in that , and research around it . 
  we will never know who is right , because the eu , against everything that makes sense , refuses to evaluate . 
   you have said things that you ca n't back with data , like that rural development programs have failed in france . 
  no , i say that * if * one has a rural * development * program that is still in effect after 40 years , that program has failed . 
  obviously , if one still needs the program after 40 years , one has n't developed . 
  and , it might have worked in france as you point out - they are quite prosperous . 
  should n't they stop receiving then ? 
  should n't other countries get their chance . 
  and why has n't italy changed . 
  if a program is a failure ( obviously , in italy ) it stops . 
  rather simple . 
  or , it is simple for sensible governments who care about the tax payers money . 
  not for the eu otherwise , if you want to make it permanent , call it the rural * support * program . 
  furthermore , like i have pointed out before it is a real risk with making programs like that perment .
