  and if everyone makes sacrifices , perhaps that should go for france too . 
  i 've asked you before , to leave me alone . 
  you are a racist , who likes to discriminate swedes . 
  i am not interacting with you , stop interacting with me . 
  go back to australia . 
  i will never , ever answer you again , you creep . 
  well , blackmail . 
  everyone else says they will never agree to * anything * until the parlament is moved . 
  nothing , zero . 
  zilch.whatever they want , nothing . 
  everyone else also says that their main goal is to fight france with regards to the cap next time . 
  we would see a change soon . 
  i am so enormously tired of france costing the rest of the eu billions . 
  if we had had a normal cap , maybe 15 % of the budget we could do other things . 
  but no , we have to sponsor wine and tobacco and french farmers because they are afraid of them protesting . 
  so , now we spend 44 % . 
  it is not right , and i blame france . 
  grow up france . 
  i understand why they do it as well , but i find it idiotic that the we shall pay billions just to cater to france 's needs . 
  i think the rest of the eu should just unite and put them in their place , both with regards to strasbourg and with the cap . 
  why should france `` get '' anything ? 
  it is a huge cost that the eu has been paying forever , just because the french wants too . 
  they should n't get anything for actually doing what is right and sensible , they have already costed the eu a lot of money . 
  there are new members of the eu , who are in far more need of `` something new '' , than france . 
   you 're assuming that if infrastructure investments worked the listed countries would not be having a crisis no , i am assuming if the * cohesion funds * worked greece would not be a net receiver after 32 years , and spain and portugal after 27 . 
  and , we are looking at another 2-3 decades to support them . 
  really , , they ca n't become net contributor in 30 years ? 
  empires have been built in shorter time . 
  look at the development korea has done in that time . 
  look at the development estonia has done in far shorter time . 
  if the cohesion funds works , why are we still supporting them ? 
  should n't we just say then , well , we do this for 15 years , then it is over ? 
  why do my grandchildren have to support greece , at least it looks like that now . 
  [ here ] ( http://euobserver.com/regions/121578 ) is an article from the one in charge of regional aid who says they often high no clue what they are doing.is that money well spent ? 
   these investments might have actually lessened the severity of the crisis ? 
  a ) how can it get * more * severe ? 
  debt/gdp 200 % for greece b ) i am not saying that we should n't use money to help , but why does it have to be infrastructure ? 
  why not research etc. 
  c ) if you claim that they work and make a difference - prove it . 
  you make the claim , there are decades of investment , prove that it works . 
  links please . 
  we have been building roads for 32 years in greece . 
  what has that done ? 
  we are looking at my grandchildren supporting greece as well . 
   but wait a minute . 
  we ca n't possible get sued because romans were black . 
  just like the vikings . 
  haha , thanks for the laugh . 
  best movie ever !, 
  ca n't they sue italy back ? 
  the romans were kind of all over the place . 
  the disadvantage of being the heirs to a huge empire i guess :-) . 
  there must be some country that can only sue , not being sued . 
  finland ? 
  apperently not , they checked over 3000 men giving blood in tyrolen . 
  charlemagne was a king , he might have had hundreds of offsprings . 
  \u00d6tzi probably just had a few . 
   i 'd expect road salt and sand to be far more destructive ( and to cars themselves too no , studded tires are worse . 
  they rip up the roads , and cause pollution . 
  in stockholm , you are forbidden to drive with studded tires on some streets , since they are already fairly polluted . 
   yes , but that 's not for lack of trying . 
  what ? 
  the eu did n't try at all . 
  we should have say no . 
   again , you think in present tense and display absolutely no ability to understand the concept of a process . 
  i understand , it is the eu that do not follow the process . 
  i have seen what the eu does , what they did with romania and bulgaria . 
  the eu do not give a shit if a country is ready , they just let them in , * as proven * with romania and bulgaria . 
  the fact that * you * want to change it do not make any difference . 
  you sit with this romantic notion in your head that the eu is good and that it will change , while * the real world evidence * that you are ignoring , is proving you wrong , again and again . 
  you yourself admitted that they should n't have let in bulgaria and romania , but you think it will be different next time ? 
  why ? 
  what has changed ? 
  post link , i want to read about it , how the whole process have changed . 
   the net contributor argument is only half of the story . 
  the integrated economy is a huge benefit to the above average countries , so the net contributions easily pay for themselves . 
  yes , countries like switzerland and norway are barely surviving are they.those poor , poor 3rd world countries , we see the hoards of starving norwegians at the border . 
  again , you do n't give shit about reality . 
   keeping the whole of the eu afloat by redistributing funds actually makes the industry and service sectors in the net contributor countries more competitive . 
  what fucking world are you living in ? 
  competitive ? 
  greece ? 
  spain ? 
  portugal ? 
  if they are so fucking competitive , why they hell are they in a long term crises . 
  are you a complete loon who has missed the last five years ? what year do you think it is ? 
  you completely and utterly ignore the reality . 
  it is like you just burp up eu arguments and disregard reality . 
  if the eu worked as you say , * there should be no crises in southern europe * . 
  but , there is . 
  are you saying there is n't ? 
  please , prove me wrong . 
  post links to why there is no crises in southern europe . 
  not that you will , the world you are describing only exists in your head and you are to much of a coward i believe to admit to your mistake , and that your arguments are factually wrong . 
   i 'm sure some random swedish redditor could teach them a thing or two oh , you have run out of arguments now ? 
  well , then , * if * the cohesion funds are working , why are we still supporting spain ? 
  greece ? 
  greece has been in the eu since 1981 , should n't they become a net contributor by now ? 
  according to you , it works , so what you are saying is that greece really have a super economy and it has just been a miscalculation ? 
  please , post the links to that , i am dying to read about it .
