  the soviet union was no exception . 
  so , blame your system , not democracy in itself . 
  democracy works for me . 
  and , sorry about ericsson but it seems your justice system works , you caught them . 
  catch the corrupt politicians too . 
  russia were communists ( or the soviet union ) . 
  democracy does n't mean that other states or institutions should/have to support you . 
  how is that democratic if other people do not want to ? 
  should other countries have to pay for you ? 
  democracy means that you have certain right and freedom to elect your politicians . 
  why have you chosen to elect corrupt and bad ones ? 
  that example you gave have nothing to do with capitalism and everything to do with corruption and a bad economy . 
  aha , you are that sort of communist . 
  think by pointing out faults ( and exaggerating/lying about them too i might add . 
  i most certainly live in a democracy , not in any way comparabe to any communistic state ) with the current system , we will forget the horrible autrocities , deaths , oppression , discrimination and dictatorship that the communistic states practises ? 
  no such luck my friend , i will not forget . 
  but please , keep on defending north korea for example , it is always entertaining to read . 
  you communist guys have such bad luck . 
  every country you take over becomes a dictatorship . 
  not that i have . 
  came across this map by accident while trying to search for something completely different . 
  it can be found [ here ] ( http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:hunger_map_of_europe-_the_new_york_times_current_history-may_1919.png ) . 
  were you guys starving in 1918 ? 
  you alredy were probably , what is one more ? 
  yes - union can work , under some circumstances . 
  like a union between the nordic countries for example . 
  i would rather be in that , than a union with the eu . 
  the eu for me works as a trade union , some research projects etc. 
  i think some people think bigger states are not as corrupt . 
  have n't been to china and india then i assume . 
  or , they just assume that everything that is bigger is better . 
  or , they dream a lot . 
  or , they dream of more money and power . 
  a federal state would quite obviously mean permanent financial transfer to the south , and the south would get their hand on ( read power ) the norths money , plus they could decide more what the north could do ( transfer money for example ) since it is more of them . 
  allowing one nation 's equal power ? 
  so you mean that the british police will be allowed to operate , infiltrate and kill for example in bulgaria ? 
  who is going to prosecute and make sure that they behave according to the law ? 
  which law btw ? 
  bulgarian or british ? 
  jail i. 
  which country ? 
  what you are suggesting goes against almost every nation 's constitution . 
  and , to change that - well , it will not be easy . 
  and i do not even think that there is a will . 
  i certainly do n't want swedish police to be down in portugal killing people . 
  the treaty you are suggesting need then to create a federal law that goes above and beyond the different laws of the countries . 
  to be a fbi , where federal law trump state laws . 
  that means that the countries will have to give up their sovereignty and cease to exist , and become states in a federation . 
  in a united states of europe . 
  i doubt that is around the corner . 
  no doubt we have to fight crime but we will have to find other solutions . 
  fbi are both , and it operates under federal law . 
  whether we create a police force and/or a spy agency we need a federal law . 
  that means a federation - a united states of europe . 
  that means that the individual countries give up their sovereignty and cease to exist . 
  you might wish for that . 
  a lot of people do not and i do n't think a lot of people will vote for the end of their countries . 
  no , it does not make sense . 
  fbi operate under federal law . 
  the eu do not have any federal law . 
  to create a federal law it means that each individual state have to give up the sovereignty , and cease to exists as individual states and become substates of the united states of europe . 
  no more french army , make sure that 20 % of the finnish ( or , as it will be known , nordic eu ) gdp goes to greece and spain . 
  each parliament will vote that their country will give up independence . 
  forget a new maastricht treaty , we will have a european constitution and no more country laws . 
  do you see that happening around the corner ? 
  i 'd so much rather quit the eu than see that happening . 
  canada is one country . 
  so you think those other agencies will disappear ? 
  hahaha . 
  the brits will quit mi6 and/or mi5 . 
  no more french intelligence ? 
  no chance in hell - it will just be one more . 
  the swedish flag was ( perhaps ) inspired by the danish one , perhaps as a resistance , but no one really knows , nor does one know exactly when it started to be used as a national flag . 
  some say 1440 's , other 1520 's , but at least it is shown in pictures from the 17th century . 
  the colours blue and yellow have been used as a symbol for sweden for a long time though , at least from 1275 . 
  it either comes from the swedish coat of arms , or one of the old kings , magnus ladul\u00e5s colour, 
  no , we have a pretty low density in southern sweden too , compared to the rest of europe . 
  most certainly in comparison to germany . 
  nice to hear that not everyone has fallen for that bullshit . 
  now , if you can only convince your education system ... 
   anyway , the main reason that i do n't wish for a crash is that what can cause it is mainly recession and unemployment , or a long-term rise in interest rates . 
  i see recession as a greater risk than interest rates . 
  neither do i , but it seems like we are idiots . 
  even if you say it is not that easy , look at our private debt/gdp . 
  it is apparently to easy . 
  i think we have to crash , to get people to understand that they have to borrow less . 
  it seems like we are to stupid to get the message in any other way . 
  so , what is your suggestion to get the private debt down ? 
  i know , but i do wish we could make some laws against it ( since we apparently ca n't stop on our own ) . 
  sigh , why , why why ... 
  are you serious ? 
  you are seriously considering the loss of 80 % of the fishes in the oceans , the acidification of the oceans , the death of the coral reefs , the fact that spain excels in * illegal * fishing for * fancy environmental issues * ?!, 
  i might also add that your fishermen are stealing from those who are truly poor , the fisherman of mocambique , namibia , west africa . 
  not that you care , you sorry excuse for a human being . 
  you disgust me . 
  oh , so that gives you the right to fish the last fish out of the ocean ? 
  to fish illegaly ? 
  frankly , you should have acted ages ago . 
  i am sorry that you did n't , but the fishes of the world should not suffer because spain is in a shitty place economically . 
  should the grandchildren of irish citizens not be able to eat certain fishes 60 years from now because spain have n't got a perfect welfare at the moment .
