  i prefer foreign newspapers most of the time . 
   depending on the nature of the research , it can have positive effect of bringing multiple parties together . 
  not if one partner is stopping other countries that want to participate . 
  israel has been a driving force behind the iran boycott . 
  you want to award that . .  depending on their proficiency in the given research domain , and whether the research domain posed a threat . 
  so you never give a shit about the crimes against humans or anything , you 'll work with anybody , anytime, 
   ai can say what it wants . 
  the occupied territories are not part of israel , they ca n't be held to the same standards . 
  oh , so yoiu are saying that it is ok to kill , murder , torture people there . 
  any state can do whatever they want on any territory that are not part of their `` home territory '' even if they are responsible for it . 
  deaths , discrimination etc * does n't count * then . 
  they are not really dead or discriminated , it is just a joke . 
  aer you fucking serious ? 
  idiot !, 
   ai can say what it wants yes , i am sure they are just muslims out to destroy the good reputation of the peaceful , always humnitarian israelis . 
  could you have your head more up israel 's ass ? 
   well , yes . 
  israel signed peace treaties with jordan and egypt , but that was only after they gave up claims to gaza/the west bank . 
  the plo that claims sovereignty over these areas has not negotiated a peace treaty with israel as of now , so it 's still at war . 
  hmm - palestinians want their own state , that is what sovereignity mean . 
  how is that wrong ? 
   us contributions to israel are not for israel 's sake and not that big either ( maybe 3 % of israel 's budget ) . 
  israel is a hight-tech nation and to prevent them from exporting sensitive equipment to china & co. , the us offers them hardware at a discount . 
  so the american subsidies are actually just subsidies for us arms manufacturers . 
  bull , they are also * always * throwing their weright behind israel as soon as there is any negotiations in the middle east . 
  that means more than any billiojns . 
   it has the right to defend itself . 
  it does n't have to wait till it 's wiped off the map to retaliate with nuclear force . 
  you 'll find that israel has not fired a single shot at countries that have made peace with them . 
  so the bombing of iran , syria and lebanon , like the phospohor bombing of a un school was * defending itself * . 
  that was a bloody war crime . 
   again , seems that you are mixing political deals and research deals . 
  these countries or country-like entities collaborate on multiple levels : cern and sesame to name a few . 
  i am because iran has been blocked for decades . 
  if israel stopped doing that , i will stop complaining . 
  furhtermore , research and politics , * is * connected . 
  are you denying that ? 
  agin , answer the question if you would have let apartheid south africa in ? 
  would you ? 
   no relation with the subject of joining cern yes , if a country behaves abhorrent , like for example israel , one can choose not to collaborate with them on multiple levels . 
   is n't iran racist to kurds , arabs and azeris by making it impossible to study in their native languages yes . 
  so , israel is racist to , but they can be allowed . 
  is israel a better racist ? 
   poor iran ( and it 's proxy hezbollah ) who has never ever conducted acts of terrorism in argentina , saudi arabia , india , germany , bulgaria , lebanon . 
  poor , iran who does everything possible to destabilize yemen , bahrain and the oil rich east of ksa . 
  poor iran who killed at least 800 americans in acts of terrorism prior to 9/11 . 
  yes , they are not a nice country . 
  never denied that . 
  but how many illeaga bombings have israel done ? 
  how many innocent palestininas are they killing each year ? 
  so , they are ok but not iran ? 
  why , define that clearly why one can kill palestinains at will and it is ok ? 
  israel is at war with them so israel is at war with the palestinians ? 
   israel is surrounded by enemies with superior numbers . 
  the us have their head up israel 's ass , they can defend them . 
   after all , they really need the weapons as deterrents . 
  and , they use it incorrectly . 
  for example , they bomb syria , lebanon and iran when they feel like it , but they can not bomb back , because then they will use the bomb . 
  how is that fair ? 
   that 's not racism . 
  israeli arabs enjoy the same rights as any other israeli citizen . 
  you nicely forget the occupied territories and the amnesty international et al reports that says israel is racist and an apartheid state . 
  a ) palestine is not a country , and you know * very well * that israel works against it becoming one b ) if you have picked up a paper in the last years , you should have understood that isreal have worked * against * iran , in all way possible . 
  all the way from bombing them , to opposing the current deal with the us so , there is where i get my ideas from and , how one * earth * can you defend isreals behavoiur and say it does n't matter for cern . 
  would you have invited apartheid south africa too ? 
   do n't really care about those israel activities in the context of cern . 
  for me there is nor reason to boycott them in the area of non-military scientific collaboration ( that involves really heterogeneous parties - https://mediastream.cern.ch/mediaarchive/photo/public/2012/1209186/1209186_01/1209186_01-a4-at-144-dpi.jpg ) that is so stupid . 
  you are saying you do n't give a single shit if they bomb the middle east to the ground , threaten to bomb jordan with a nuclear bomb or kill palestinians by the thousands , while keeping other countries out of cern collaboration , you want to work with them * no matter what * . 
  ( not that they are doing all of that , at the moment , but some of it ) way to go . 
  now we all know where you stand . 
  could you be more of an israel apologetic ? 
  no , not really . 
  so , you mean i should say no because i 'd otherwise live in constant fear of 20 000 sami seeking independence . 
  a bit of a slippery slope . 
  i do not fear catalan independence nor its consequences on my country . 
   the only think i ask for is , if we vote and the result is a majority for the yes , i think we are agreeing . 
  if you vote and have a yes , perhaps you can have a * real * referendum a few years later , with the chance of actually becoming your own state , members of the un , eu etc ( if that is what you want ) . 
   that should be the plan , but we ca n't be sure that the rest of europe and the international community will validate/accept the results as legit . 
  they do n't have to , the referendum will not be legal , or shall i perhaps say , it will not be ruling . 
  however , it can give a pretty strong indication and send a signal to the rest of europe and to madrid . 
  i mean , it is not really like the rest of europe is going to war if spain splits up . 
  i see no reason not to support a catalan independence if that is what they want . 
  why should europe fight it ? 
   so energy wise germany screws europe for its own gain ? 
  no , i do n't think they screws europe for their own gain , they screw themselves as well . 
  and frankly , most countries screws europe , most countries uses and subsdises fossil fuels . 
  germany is not an exception , but they , just like the danes , claim to be environmentally friendly , the chooses co2 emissions and pollution over no emissions and no pollutions . 
  that is what makes it strange , that they pretend to care . 
  and all countries mess up the climate . 
   the new coal fired plants that are being built had been planned for a long time , and they emit much less than the old ones they replace . 
  germany still chooses co2 emissions though which kills more , * and * ruins the climate before no co2 emissions . 
  that is not green nor is it environmental friendly . 
  germany willfully chooses to ruin the climate and ruin the air . 
  i find that very strange . 
  no , but you subsidise fossil fuels with government money and ruins the climate for everyone . 
  just like the us . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.eea.europa.eu/data-and-maps/indicators/en34-energy-subsidies ) . 
  but in reality germany uses coal because you do n't have enough renewables . 
  nor will you have for a while . 
  so , if one look at the reality , they are wrong .
