  however , as we have discussed before , cheating and corruption is not the only reason greece is in the bad shape ( the euro is a huge part ) but it does affect not only people 's perception of greece , but also the chances to recovery . 
  above all , euro or not i feel that all of our tax money that has gone to greece has been wasted . 
  i do not like that and i object to giving more money to someone who can not treat it right . 
  it is like aid to africa . 
  it has been given for 50 plus years , and it is a sink hole . 
  it does not make a difference , in fact it makes things worse . 
  i suspect it is the same in greece . 
  i do not think my tax money through the eu gets put to good use . 
  yes we have had our differences that is why i thought you woukd be aware of the fact that i dislike the euro - a lot . 
  if you are staying that greeks do not have a choice , you are absolving the greeks of any responsibility . 
  i am on my phone , but i have no problem finding articles about how the average greek dodged taxes etc and re - elected corrupt politicians . 
  if i choose to not pay taxes i deprive my country of money . 
  same goes for you . 
  what you essentially are saying when you say that greeks do not have a choice is that you are victims . 
  do you say that about other countries to ? 
  italians are just victims to the corruption ? 
  you do understand by saying that you do not only absolve yourself of all responsibility ( victims are innocent ) but by removing the responsibility you do not need to change . 
  it is always someone else 's fault . 
  apparently italians have n't chosen corruption over and over again despite berlusconi and southern italy being a sink hole ( or are the italians responsible but not the greeks ) . 
  saying it has been going on since forever is no reason not to act . 
  if the greeks are not responsible for the situation in greece , who is . 
  as for taxes - take the average 55 year old builder , two kids married with a small house in finland and greece . 
  who has paid most taxes in the last 35 years , in total and percentage ? 
  even the official rates gives me right , and that is if i assume that the greek guy never cheated once . 
  no , you are mixing me up with someone . 
  i have , frequently , advised greece to leave the eurozone . 
  the fact that i have talked about that is among other things the imperfect construction of the euro . 
  if so different economies join up one has to compensate with huge transfers because greece 's lower productivity will cause huge problems . 
  one of the reasons for the lower wages is that greece is trying to compete in one of the few way they can , with lowering the labour costs/per unit ( since the productivity is harder to increase quickly ) . 
  i also think the euro is bad . 
  however - since you asked . 
  greece has for chosen to be corrupt , not to pay taxes for example , not to build up a competitive economy , to have an ineffective bureaucracy and benefits and low taxes most of us could n't dream of . 
  to keep that going , you had to borrow money , since you could n't pay for it . 
  that is coming back to bite you in the ass and other people have to deal with your shit . 
  so - will you correct your misconception now ? 
  do you need citation to know that you are on the receiving end of the structural funds are we are not ? 
  that you build roads for eu money and recieve agricultural money and we do not . 
  but please , here 's a report from eu . 
  take a look at how much you receives as compared to sweden . 
  page 58 . 
  you are four times as many , but recieve far more money from the funds for example . 
  my question is * what did you do with the money * ? 
  [ link ] ( http://www.cedr.fr/home/fileadmin/user_upload/publications/2010/e_eu_funds_for_roads.pdf ) you yourself ( as i do btw ) says it is wrong just to provide money to families like sweden does , no questions asked . 
  is it right on a country level then ? 
  btw - you did n't answer for how long you are going to be on the receiving end - you have been on the receiving end for 27 years , almost a generation , and it is worse than ever . 
  why?also , should we keep giving money to countries and projects where it apparently makes no difference ? 
  also , if it has n't worked - why not change strategy ? 
  i mean , had it made a difference , spain would not have been in the situation it is in . 
   you were talking like the eu paid 100 % of the roads . 
  i would be happy if they paid 50 % of our roads , would be several billions/year . 
   but that was expected . 
  yes , but sweden and finland get less money for rural areas than for exempel portugal , despite having far more rural areas . 
  basically , if france needs x/square km to get support for rural areas , sweden needs 0,5 x/people/square km , because otherwise we would get far more than the eu like to give , since apparently the rules apply differently for us . 
   ou do n't expend most of them to build roads . 
  why not ? 
  rich or not , we need a hell of a lot more roads than both portugal and greece , considering our size and population density . 
   sweden does n't waste the money in roads , but that 's probably good . 
  yes we do , we spend far more than many other countries considering our population , but we pay for it themselves . 
   but , if you want more roads complain to your government . 
  i could say the same to you , but you guys just get your roads paid for by eu tax money . 
  why have n't you built your own roads ? 
  i mean , you have been on the receiving end since 86 , have n't you ? 
  25 years , it is a lot of time . 
  furthermore , i complain that the eu budget seems to be focused on road building ( and idiotic agriculture ) . 
  i think that it should be focused on research , environment and stuff . 
  so yes , perhaps we can pay for our own roads then , but so should you . 
   there 's no support among the american public , even for the limited strikes outlined above . 
  i guess it depends on the poll . 
  [ link ] ( http://swampland.time.com/2013/08/27/new-poll-shows-more-americans-support-syrian-air-strikes-than-oppose ) . 
  not overwhelming , but still . 
   obama really does n't want to get involved if he does n't have to . 
  let us hope you are right !, 
   always oversimplifies things in the greek case true, 
   germany lives on lending out too much money irresponsibly to importers and not spending it internally i think there 's a bit more to the german economy than that . 
  considering the last evidence fiasco , i think the evidence they show will have to be extremely good , ironclad , and even then they will not convince a lot of countries or people that it is the correct thing to do . 
  and so does , sweden . 
  in fact , i think apart from the cities , all of sweden is a rural area according to population/square km . 
  not that we get a lot of the rural assistance though , nor help to build roads . 
   it 's being reported that the strikes would target syrian military positions and assets with tomahawk missiles , which pack a pretty weak payload , actually , but are extremely accurate . 
  so what you are saying is that there is 100 % proof that the attack was done by the government , not by any of the rebel fractions ? 
  or is it `` iraq evidence '' strong proof ? 
  otherwise , who will you guys know to attack ? 
  if they are attacking , they must be sure who released the chemicals - otherwise , who will they attack ? 
  have we seen any evidence of that , or does this fall under the `` saddam/iraq '' kind of evidence , aka as none whatsoever ? 
  i am glad that the eu is focusing on the important issues . 
  edit : i 'd also like to add that the eu still subsidises the growing of tobacco ... 
  well , perhaps you can tell us who is to blame for what happened in syria and where they are exactly . 
  a bit better evidence please than iraq where you lied and messed up the middle east , forced millions to flee etc. 
  i think it will open again in a week/month which the papers neglect to say . 
  i have really no reason for it , but yepp , feels like we are about right . 
  work extra in health care though , and is also the recipient at the moment . 
  hmm , wondered what he would say if he moved here , to sweden if he thinks high taxes makes one crazy . 
  he 'd most likely be speechless or make speeches that would make goebbels seem like a cuddly teddybear . 
  i did read it but the exception was for only 10 billions . 
  that is nothing . 
  greece has a debt ratio of 180 % . 
  10 billions is hardly going to solve that . 
  yes . 
  i would be fun if the voters * truly * held cdu/csu to it , but i do n't know how they would go about doing that . 
  that is really a problem in democracy .
