  not for nazi germany . 
  i am sure another finn can tell you more . 
  honest question . 
  do you see the continuation war as a war for nazi germany ? 
  your question sort of insinuates that . 
  because you have not answered my questions - any of it ? 
  i want you to give me answers and you have not . 
  none !, 
  i want you to give them to me first - scientific answers . 
  you have n't even answered as to why i should pay for greece . 
  so , why should i sit and google for you ? 
  i have asked you the same question since the beginning , but i guess you have none , or are to afraid . 
  so , answer me in detail , please , with scientific answers . 
   which would undermine your argument ? 
  you do not have one . 
  you just refuse to answer . 
  start answer, 
  but the eu gives a budget. , but they do ** not ** explain why we still have the cohesion funds , nor are they even questioning them . 
  nor do they deal with the corruption , how it is gettting worse by adding more corrupt contries and how we are thus becoming more corrupt . 
  nor is the budget explainin why they ( and you ) are ok with having permanent net receivers as countries . 
  nor does the budget explain that they are even attempting to deal with it . 
  so , the eu is n't even adressing this issues . 
  if they were - why are greece still receiving ? 
  why do we still have the cohesion funds and why are so many countries corrupt ? 
  you want to keep adding countries , give money to greece and keep the cohesion funds . 
  yet you do not even know the answers ? 
  how can you then take the stance , if you yourself has no clue ? 
   we are not . 
  just because they are a net contributor does not mean we are paying for them . 
  if you go out to dinner with a friend and you split the bill evenly while he ate $ 1 dollar more , that is not the same thing as paying for his dinner . 
  greece is getting support to the terms of 1.3 % of their gdp , they are paying for themselves we are just giving them a boost . 
  sigh . 
  look at the budget . 
  they do not pay for themselves , they are on the receiving end . 
  why are you denying that ? 
  you say it yourself , it is in the very nature of unions , yet you lie about greece . 
   you might as well ask me when i stopped beating my wife . 
  that is not answering the question . 
  please answer how you are going to make contries into net contributors and why you want to continue with the cohesion fuinds if they do not work ? 
   maybe someday , maybe never , it does n't matter . 
  if i may repeat myself : by the very nature of any union there will always be net contributors and recipients . 
  and i repeat - it does n't have to be the same countries. , and * again * you avoid answering about corruption . 
  do n't you have any ? 
  you are just being insulting , without any arguments . 
  give me a scientific reason instead as to why i am wrong and the cohesion funds work for example and why new countries will not be on the receiving end . 
  also , explain to me in detail why greece , spain and portugal are not able to become net payers ? 
   greece is paying , quite a bit actually . 
  sure the eu is netting them a `` generous '' 267 euro per capita , but they did take on massive amounts of debt to bail out mainly german banks . 
  you keep focusing on the eu budget as if it that is all you need to know about the economics of the eu , it is n't . 
  if tried on some different perspectives you might learn everything is a whole lot more complicated no , they are on the receiving end , and have been since 1981 . 
  and they will be in the 2014-2020 budget . 
  that makes it 39 years . 
  how can you defend that ? 
  for how many generations should we pay for them ? 
  please answer that ? 
   redistribution is not about absolute wealth , it 's about relative wealth . 
  the blue banana has been the economic heart of europe since the 16th century and will be so for a decent bit longer ( though the eastern europeans are catching up very fast ) . 
  spain has grown faster these past 20 years then say sweden , but it started at a lower base so it still has a while to catch up . 
  so , when is greece catching up ? 
  and , do n't think i did n't notice that you somehow skipped the corruption part now . 
  why do you want to add to the eu corruption without having a clue on how to solve it ? 
   there are plenty of answers , though not all satisfying . 
  if you ca n't find any that 's on you good , tell me then why the cohesion funds are still there despite not working ? 
  tell me how to battle corruption and for how long greece will be on the receiving end ? 
   the point is , it is a very complex matter to explain why certain regions do well economically and others do n't . 
  this goes beyond what i can do in a reddit comment . 
  that does n't mean it ca n't be done , just that i ca n't do it here and now . 
  one could certainly write dissertations about such a topic . 
  no , honestly i will not let you get away that easy . 
  of course you can write essays about it , you can write essays about anything but that does not mean you ca n't answer my questions . 
  what you are essentially saying is that the eu can not explain what they are doing with our money , decade after decade after decade after ... . . that is outragous that you think they should get away with it or approve of that ? 
  do n't you think th taxpayers deserve explanations ? 
  why not ? 
  it is our money . 
  i deserve one . 
  if they can not explain where the money has gone to in greece , they should not receive any more money . 
  do n't you belive in accountability ? 
  and , i am not stupid . 
  i can understand an explanation , but i deserve one . 
  furthermore , you are ignoring the biggest data set we have - greece , spain and portugal , and keep claiming that we should contuinue with the cohesion funds . 
  the eu has to have an enormously good argument to ignore all the facts and data from southern europe , and i as a payer , deserves to see it - do n't you think ? 
  so , give it to me then . 
  i have access to scientific journals btw , but that argument should be on the eu website . 
  i am shocked by the fact that you think it is ok not to inform citizens where the money is going , and that the eu does n't have to explain . 
  is that the eu you want ? 
  a eu where we can not find out how our money is spent and why ? 
  wtf - what sort of eu is that ? 
  i as a taxpayer has a * right * to know , a * right * to explanation and answer to my questions . 
  i ca n't believe that you do not want to give it to me . 
  what sort of eu are you building ? 
  it is not a democratic one , that is for sure . 
  in a democracy one is transparent . 
  i am saddened that you think the eu should not be held accountable . 
  and , the perfect equilibrium is bull . 
  i am sorry , but it is . 
  of course it is in the nature of a union that someone is always on the receiving end , but nowhere does it state that it always have to be the same area . 
  nowhere . 
  and , i have n't even started with the corruption . 
  adding one corrupt country after another , seeing no change in countries that are corrupt . 
  italy is as bad as ever .
