  the fact that you are a net payer is no reason to pay less . 
  so if sweden do n't get the money we want for our forests , we get to pay less ? 
  denmark do not get enough for their pork and wind energy , so they get to decide to pay less ? 
  is that how it works , because then the other eight of us want to pay less too . 
  if you can , so can we . 
  and , do n't think at least the uk and germany will not try . 
  does france really think the germans enjoy paying the cost for their wines while the germans get less ? 
  besides , the whole bloody cap is tailored after french needs anyway - i think the question should be why are n't you net payer in that too - what make france so special ? 
  the fact that france is thinking they can get away with it is a sign of how behind they are and how extremely arrogant . 
  if france have n't realised it , the cap is getting lower and people dislike it . 
  the fact that france think it is ok to subsidise alcohol with other people money is abhorrent to me . 
  sponsor liver diseases and lung cancer . 
  the fact that france still want to squeeze money from this and refuse to adjust will be your downfall . 
  france is loosing in importance and if they at least were supporting sensible schemes , they would perhaps convince someone . 
  instead france 's arrogantly continues to ask for money for stupid stuff like wine/tobacco and refusing even a hint of market adjustment . 
  furthermore , defending non working schemes like rural development is idiotic . 
  it is arrogant and hurt the french people as well in the long run . 
  again , i hope france get taken to court if it does something because at least in the newspapers i can read from other net payers , there is rarely a defence for the french position . 
  i know you do not personally take any money , but as long as 44 % of the budget goes to the cap , dictated by france i will fight it . 
  it is idiotic . 
  i do n't think they will get away with that shot though . 
  seriously , there 's one thing being arrogant towards one us company , a whole different thing to wilfully distort the whole common market for decades . 
  germany and the uk for once will unite . 
  i will watch , laughingly and with glee when france get pulled in front of the court , were they to be that stupid ( i do n't think so , incidentally ) . 
  it will also have the brilliant , additional effect that the papers will write a lot more about the cap and how it is tailored towards the french . 
  please , france go ahead . 
   i do n't like to bankrupt a generation of farmers that bought their land believing that the subsidies would continue first , i never said that we should immediately cut all the cap , i think we need some of it for the foreseeable future . 
  however , that does not mean that we have to sponsor wine and tobacco , which we does now . 
  for how long do you think we should protect those farmers btw ? 
  is n't the citizens health more of a concern that sponsoring things that goes completely against it . 
  furthermore , we could for example cut the rural development immediately , it apparently is n't working . 
  after 2020 , no more , and also , evaluate what went wrong . 
  and , evaluate everything other project too . 
  i mean , for how many decades do you want me to pay for projects that is not working ? 
   in a slow and predictable way . 
  how slow ? 
  40 + years ? 
  but i do not see how that is connected to the cap really ? 
  i mean , should n't the prices have risen a lot in the 80 's then ? 
  and a generation is around 35 years , but the prices rose sharply in the 90 's . 
  i found an essay about it in swedish , and it seems like the prices have to do with how fertile it is , at least in sweden . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.jordbruksverket.se/download/18.50fac94e137b680908480002043/ra+12_17+priset+p%c3%a5+jordbruksmark_a4_w.pdf ) it is weird , but it does not really seem to be connected with the subsidies , at least not in this study . 
  ( what i mean is that you might be right , but i ca n't really see it in the numbers or studies ) . 
   i believe that the cap has actually helped developing the agriculture in rural areas . 
  apperently not , since two of the richest countries in the world , the g7 countries italy and france , are still some of the biggest receipients . 
  if it had , they would not still be receiving . 
   in the meantime they have an extra income that they can invest in their farms . 
  what ? 
  could you explain that a bit more ,  edit : but i agree that 40 years is too long time . 
  should n't we qiut it then ? 
   not so much on development , so it does n't matter for how long each country has received money , as long as this politic is in order , the agricultural countries are going to benefit from it . 
  it most certainly does , at least for some areas of the cap . 
  maybe not for the subvention , but some areas * are * called rural development . 
  so , if france have n't managed to develop those areas in + 40 years , we should at least quit rural development . 
  otherwise , what project that have n't succedeed in + 40 years are you still willing to support ? 
   or if certain post like wine and tobacco were to be reduced , the french government would simply give less money to the eu and use that money to subvention it 's agriculture on it 's own . 
  and then that would be a huge blow to the common market . 
  ( i used france as an exemple cause that the obvio no , i do n't think so . 
  first , they are not legally allowed to pay less just because * their * pet projects get scrapped . 
  i mean , how would that look ? 
  finland does n't get one of their pet project ok 'd , so they refuse to pay ? 
  not even france can get away with that , apart from it being arrogant , ignorant and illegal as hell . 
  do you really think germany and uk would stand for that ? 
   and then that would be a huge blow to the common market . 
  and , it is illegal as hell . 
  we can not sponsor our own agricultual industry . 
  that is one of the points with cap , so if france does that , it will be illegal and against free trade . 
  i have no doubt that other countries , like the uk or the netherlands would take them to court . 
  france still decides far to much when it comes to the cap , but not even france can just ignore the other 27 countries , the courts etc. 
  i however would love the trial , it would expose how bad the cap is , and how it is tailored towards france 's needs . 
   so maybe the cap should n't be seen as a part of the eu budget , but a way for the countries to keep an eye on each others subvention ? 
  well , i am all for that - let each country take care of their own agriculture , i have absolutely no problem with that . 
  but , as long i have to pay for french wine and polish tobacco and the `` devleopment '' of rural italy ( which they have n't managed in + 40 years ) i * will * care about the cap , it is the biggest post of the budget , and it size is idiotic , not to mention many of the things it subsidizes . 
  one ca n't just tell me to ignore where 44 % of the budget is going . 
  which country ? 
  i haven ' heard that . 
  italy is a net contributor , just like france , i know that , but * not * when it comes to the cap . 
  italy and france would be much bigger contributors , were they not such big receivers of the cap . 
  furthermore , whether one is a net payer or receive does n't matter if one receives money to develop something ( in this case rural development ) for * over 40 years * . 
  if these two g7 countries do not manage to develop their rural areas , but * still * have to be some of the biggest receipients when it comes to rural development , it obviously is n't working - the project is failed . 
  we should then obviously , stop the project , or re-evaluete it and change it drastically . 
  instead , we are giving them money for 7 more years . 
  what other project that has n't worked for almost 50 years do you think we should keep supporting ? 
   the price of soil to rise , and that forces farmers to take loans to buy land does that goes for all agricultural help ? 
  what about the rural development that france has received for 40 + years ? 
  also , if it is so , we should re-think and re-do the agricultural help , obviously . 
  not to mention the myriad of idiotic projects we have , like sponsoring wine and tobacco for example . 
  but , the question is bigger than that - what is the long term strategy ? 
  to endlessly pay for france 's farming ? 
  to evaluate what works and what does n't ? 
  why are n't we doing that , both with regards to cap , but in regards to other budget posts as well ? 
  that is not an answer to taking in more and more net receipients , while not fixing the inflow ? 
  also , when are net receivers going to start to be net payers ? 
  what is the strategy for that ? 
  when is portugal and greece going to start to pay ? 
  why are n't we re-evaluating why the money that has obviusly been spent is not working ? 
  for how long is france and italy , g7 countries , going to be net receipients for things like rural development , something they have received money for for 40 + years . 
  it is apparently not working - why are the eu continuing with failed strategies ? 
  i want to know at what year spain is going to be a net payer , when is the rural development going to work etc - long term issues and the eu seems completely lost . 
   it seems like a scheme to get money from germany as much as to protect the eu farmers from the rest of the world .
