   not exactly true . 
  there 's a few people who call him out on his inconsistencies but that 's about it . 
  i do n't agree with you . 
   saying that the eurozone is fucked up is not controversial in the least these days . 
  do n't pretend that it 's the minority downvoted opinion that it used to be . 
  but i say it has to be broken up because a transfer union is never going to stand demcratocally , * and * it all has to go according to the treaties and with democratic votes . 
  for example , all 28 countries have to say yes to a change in a treaty ( which is legally true ) . 
  i get tons of downvotes for that . 
  you yourself have argued with me that it does n't have to be that way . 
  i am not like you who sits and complains at germany and therefore think the ez i messed up . 
  i think a complete overhaul is in order . 
  yes , they are against the eurozone , just like i am . 
  i like that . 
  it is like a warm and loving place for me after the cold world at / r/europe :-) . 
  what i meant was that / r/economics do n't masturbate when they go to sleep to krugman , they can be pretty hard on him . 
  / r/europe however - as soon as i say something against the eurozone or krugman , i just expect a ton of downvotes . 
  i am pretty sure some people have fan portraits of him :-) . 
   very much needed article , in my opinion . 
  for some odd reason , krugman 's nyt commentary seems to be considered a particularly deep and fitting economic analysis of the euro crisis . 
  i would strongly disagree with that perception . 
  i agree , but / r/europe does n't . 
  / r/economics are much more on our side though :-) . 
   his explanations are reductionist and oversimplistic . 
  perhaps that is why they are liked at / r/europe and not at r/economics . 
  people do n't want to hear about target 2 , internal devaluation , role of ecb , deflation or stuff like that . 
  it is much easier to say greece/germany are horrible countries and should improve . 
   i come to r/europe ( among other reasons ) because i 'm honestly interested in an open-ended discussion on what the causes are , and which solutions are needed , for the euro crisis i 'd think that you do much better at / r/asksocialscience , r/askpolitics , or r/economics . 
  we at / r/europe are far to much coloured by our countries and upbringing . 
  i mean , one of the topcomments in the krugman discussion is that the user personally is n't noticing any different . 
  i mean , that certainly gives a bit of flair and is one of the reasons i come to r/europe , the personal opinions , but it does n't really adds to the solution . 
  it is far far harder to admit ( and perhaps even to know , since i might be a high school student for example ) that my country ( or yours ) might have fucked up mightily , that solution a and b is not possible , and there are no easy way outs . 
  there are more academics in those subreddits who look at it from a non emotional perspective and back up what they say as well . 
   `` france has committed the unforgivable sin of being fiscally responsible without inflicting pain on the poor and unlucky . 
  and it must be punished . '', 
  i have and it is rather rude that you , because you do n't like my opinion , suggest i have n't . 
  i just do n't , like a lot of people actually , agree with krugman . 
  and , if * you * had bothered to read my comments you would see that i posted an article about real critiscism , less apocalyptical towards france . 
  we have non binding referendums . 
  since the votes have been ignored , twice , now if we have one usually all the biggest parties promises to follow it the outcome of the referendum . 
  and they have actually . 
  latest referendum gave a no to the euro which the then prime minister g\u00f6ran persson was n't happy about but followed nevertheless . 
  i agree , greece and other countries needs an organised default . 
  it is not pleasant , but no option is really . 
  unfortunately i do not think that will happen . 
  i think the ez will trudge on , heading into japanese territory and it will take several decades for the south to rise again . 
  there is no way the gap can get covered only by inflation . 
  think of ddr and brd when they joined and they had massive transfers and no debt . 
  and they are still behind . 
  to say that inflation will help when the euro is so incorrectly constructed is a massive oversimplification . 
  and , the ecb have rules , it have to ( and should since it is disastrous not to have and follow rules as a central bank ) , they are not even allowed to go to 4 % , so that suggestion is n't even realistic . 
  how will that help the internal devaluation ? 
  by this everyone will know you are my disciple if you love one another . 
  i am not fighting , i just do no agree with you . 
  my father and grandmother spoke rikssvenska . 
  that was not it . 
  stockholmska is not rikssvenska . 
  listen on his intonation and how he says his i 's . 
  but it was a different person who did the swedish . 
  i belive , it was not the same people the whole time . 
  so , the guy could be american . 
  and , the swedish guy was definately swedish , with a kind of brattish stockholm accent . 
  it always comes through :-) . 
  i suppose he asked different nationalities to read the `` gibberish '' he had written down and the closest swede seemed to have been someone from central/northern stockholm . 
  edit : what the person above me is saying is : `` of all the swedish dialects to choose from , he choose stureplansbrat '' . 
  stureplan is an area of stockholm . 
  haha , that was fun . 
  the swedish guy `` spoke '' with a stockholm accent . 
  other nationalities - what dialect can you hear in your `` language '' ? 
  i have no idea , but i imagine it is . 
  we humans are really good at hating and we are good at naming things too , so probably . 
  thank you , that was informative . 
  thanks . 
  is there a name for people who hates semites ? 
  i have a linguistic question about antisemitism . 
  i 've learned that jews are one of several semitic people , and not all jews are semites . 
  arabs are semites too for example . 
  but , when we say antisemitism , it seems to me that we are saying `` someone who dislike jews , semitic or not , just because they happen to be jewish '' . 
  is that solely how it is used ? 
  what do we call someone who hates arabs and assyrians for example ? 
  is there a name for that ? 
  is it realistic to call a semite antisemite if an arab does n't like jews ? 
  the credit ratings are far more complicated than just defaulting on their debt or not . 
  i do n't think anyone , least of all s&p , says that france is about to default on their debt . 
  what the credit ratings are showing is more a reflection on what s&p thinks that the french economy is heading . 
  well , it will not reduce prices for us . 
  it will increase them . 
  it already has btw , 7 million swedes pay more now . 
  i can guarantee it , so yes unit will be like the cap . 
  also , sweden will have to pay for countries that make idiotic decision and ruins the climate , just like the cap . 
  instead do lowering the costs and help to reduce co2 emissions countries like denmark and germany wants to ruin the climate and choose coal instead of nuclear . 
  i think it is bizarre , that we , who choose to go emission free and choose to invest in nuclear will be forced to share our energy with them . 
  it also shows what hypocrites they are btw . 
  we have low costs because of two reasons . 
  one is luck/water . 
  the other one is choice - nuclear . 
  why will we have to pay for them . 
  our prices will just go up because of that . 
  this is the cap all over again . 
  frankly , i am hard pressed to come up with anything the eu does better than my government . 
  mostly it is just big , ineffective and instead of forcing country to do necessary positive changes , they just force us to pay for their idiotic decisions .
