  who is responsible for the corruption in southern europe ? 
  who is responsible for the low inclination to pay taxes ? 
  who is responsible for electing their corrupt politicians . 
  in short - who is responsible for the current situation . 
  and , if not the southern europeans ( you seem to want to paint them as completely innocent victims ) then who ? 
  if the southern europeans did n't elect their leaders for example - then who did . 
  who forced them to keep productivity low ? 
  who non southern european forced them to stay corrupt for example ? 
   there 's really no such thing a swedish history.you 're acting like sweden has existed the way it is now for ever , that at no time has it been speaking a different language , had a different territory or a different culture . 
  this is what it really boils down to . 
  and we all , including you , come from africa . 
  there is no such thing as europe and european history then either . 
  also , there is no reason why greece should be in line for receiving money , or why i should feel any kinship with european countries . 
  so , they can start fending for themselves , which they are not . 
  besides * you * were the ones who brought up napoleonic wars , or from what i will now call them - the african civil war ... .  your lack of empathy towards other people that you feel that are not as same as you.the economics and political arguments and just an excuse so you can believe what you want to believe . 
  what?i could say the same to you ? 
  why are n't you paying for the roads in africa ? 
  why are n't you giving 10 % of your gdp towards people who needs it , more than you . 
  after all , we are all just humans , with no european history that came from africa . 
  if there is no sweden , there is bloody hell no europe , no greece , and no reason for bailouts , i hope you see that . 
  and , i do not lack in empathy . 
  it is just that i , unlike you do not automatically think it means that i have to pay for them for decades , which i have already done btw . 
  furthermore , it can actually be bad to just paying for someone and never let them fix stuff themselves . 
  one could say that * you * are the one who lacks empathy - you do not want southern europe to learn , to fix themselves . 
  i agree fully that they need reforms.i agree that the cap is awful . 
  so what will the consequences be if they do not fix themselves . 
  how will they be punished ? 
   the notion that you need to fix southern italy and make it a contributor is unrealistical why ca n't southern italy be a net contributor to the eu . 
  scientific reasons please . 
  i think sweden have every region being a contributor , and i think at least the dutch have the same . 
  why not every region in italy ? 
   however , i 've given you the exact numbers of how much this all costs . 
  no , just the eu numbers , we have n't even started on the bailout numbers ... but however , i admit , that was very nice of you . 
  thanks . 
   note : you are paying more for eastern europe than you 're paying for south europe . 
  certainly not with the bailouts . 
  not that we pay more for that than we have to , but ask the finns . 
  they hate the bailouts . 
  or , estonia , poorest country in the euro , who bailout greece , number 94 on the corruption list ... and , we are paying through imf too , btw , and , now they want to use eu funds ( they already have ) for use espcially for greece , although the funds were not meant for that.so , they will have more investments . 
  also , eastern europe have n't been on the receiving end since 1981 , some of them did n't exist then . 
  i 'd be extremely suprised if estonia was n't a net contributor in the next 20 years , then it will be the same time greece has been in the eu . 
  i do n't think greece will be a contributor then . 
  do you think that greece will be a net contributor in 20 years ? 
   but you have a very unbalanced , unreasonable and un-factual fanaticism going against them . 
  i am sorry , i have backed it up , and i do not understand why it is unreasonable about asking people to stop being corruptive , stop voting for assholes , become productive members of a union instead of taking from it and start paying taxes . 
  if that is unresonable , i am guilty . 
   i 'm with you and they should fix things . 
  good , everyone says so , but they never do . 
  what should one do when they refuse to fix things ? 
  so saying that they should is like saying that the skye is blue . 
  the question is how , and should we pay for it ? 
  what do you think ? 
  also , how much should we pay , why should we pay ( i mean , i do not feel more kinship with the greeks than i do with my fellow africans ) and for how long . 
  why ca n't they just fix themselves ? 
  greece have had 30 years , and is worse than ever . 
  so , at some point one has to say - these countries choose this and cut our losses , as in not give them more money , not bail them out etc. 
  or , tell me , which you have n't answered - ** how are you going to fix them ? 
  how many more years are then going to be net reipients , not payer ? 
  how many decades or should i say generations ** . 
  you have to admit , that if they had wanted to change , they would have . 
  so , most likely they will not . 
  then one has to decide what to do with them . 
  i say - no more money . 
  i do not see how that is wrong , in particular when one look at their behaviour . 
  they are cute , but somewhat annoying however when live next to you . 
  my mother fought an uneven fight against them hoping they would n't remove all the trees near my stepfathers house . 
  or not all the trees , the house was by a lake in a forrest with millions of trees , but she wanted to keep the birch and the oak trees near the house . 
  she saved most of them , but not all ... 
  i agree , that they can be a menace ( our farmers hate them ) , but they but they are still cool . 
  good news !, 
  [ here ] ( http://www.rewildingeurope.com/assets/uploads/news/wildlife-comeback-in-europe/wildlife-comeback-in-europe-the-recovery-of-selected-mammal-and-bird-species.pdf ) is the original report . 
  just random information in addition to this that jumps around in my head ( i am an environmentalist/biologist after all ) . 
  with regards to the falcons , it also has to do with less reducing the poison in nature etc , not just protecting the habitats . 
  so , a brilliant example how the whole society has to work together to protect species . 
  never ever underestimate bird lovers . 
  animal lovers have a lot to learn from them . 
  most of the issues/habitats that has been protected throught the eu , are bird habitats . 
  ornitologist are phenomenal at a ) keeping records and b ) going to court and winning their cases . 
  i am just waiting for them to take on malta . 
  ( who kill millions of birds for no reason every years , many of them protected species ) ... 
  it is also important to protect species , not just re-introduce them . 
  the genetics are often different , and loosing an original species , we loose genetic diversity . 
  sweden are idiots when it comes to wolves ... we can sustain more , but we refuse too . 
   this comment is actually for you , because i believe you confuse a few concepts : receiving eu funds , selling debt and being bailed out : no , i am not . 
  i know the differences you are talking about . 
  greece has received eu ( eg ) funds since 1981 , they are still net receivers , 32 years later . 
  greece are in addition to the money they are receiving , being bailed out by the troijka.before i started to study environmental issues , i studied economics for two years , i have no problem with the issues . 
  so , i know a lot about what you are talking about . 
  for example , the swedish bail out of banks is often seen as a model bail out and the opposite of what the euro countries did btw ... for the record , i do not like the euro , it is the most imperfect of currencies , and i think spain , greece and portugal should leave , but that is a discussion for another day . 
  that does not diminish the fact that southern europe is far , far less productive , despite the investments they get from the eu , far more corrupt , and seemingly determined to stay that way , and far less inclined to pay their smaller taxes . 
  nor does it change the fact that * you * think that somehow southern europe is in no way responsible for that . 
  just out of curiosity - who is then ? 
  and , who is going to fix it then ? 
  for how many decades are they going to be on the receiving end ? 
   just one note more , about corruption . 
  those are perception index i know that . 
  however , it is the best and the most widespread that exists . 
  get another one then , that is better . 
  you also should understand that it lies in the nature of corruption that one can never get exact numbers . 
  so , this is the best and the most widespread - it holds up for scrutiny .
