  it seems like a fair deal . 
  why should he need to invite them home ? 
  germany is accepting thousands of refugees , as are other countries . 
  they show their empathy . 
  it would be nice if other eu countries would do the same , so we can share the burden . 
  if you do n't , then fuck you , i guess . 
  he was hyperventilating , according to the police . 
  no , we do it on our holidays to france ( favourite tourist destination of the dutch ) . 
  many people will take a specific route that takes them through luxembourg . 
  luxembourg knows this , so the gas stations along that stretch of highway are huge ( there 's one right after you enter lu and one just before you leave ) . 
  they also sell huge amounts of cigarette cartons , because those are also cheaper than surrounding countries . 
  they 're even packaged with 4 together , because that 's the legal amount you can carry tax free through the eu ( although i imagine plenty people will take more ) . 
  edit : regarding your question : many people that live close to the border will cross into belgium or germany for gas . 
  luxembourg is just a bit too far for it to be profitable other than when you 're passing through anyway . 
  [ i think it 's pretty funny ] ( https://youtu.be/ejgxqx4nw8k ) . 
  the usar-team ( guys that normally search buildings hit by earthquakes and such ) just stopped searching . 
  they 're pretty much sure that no one has died , especially since nobody is reported missing . 
  the only casualty is a dog :( . 
  plate tectonics only became accepted by the scientific community in the late 50s/early 60s ... that little fact blew my mind , back when my geography teacher told me . 
  on the ground it 's an eerie yellow glow in the night sky . 
  yet you find walking is easiest ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  you might want to walk on the sidewalk instead of on the cycling path . 
  the sidewalks are usually fine , but a bit cramped with tourists . 
  even more reason to cycle ( although then you 're shouting at tourists that do n't understand that they 're in the middle of the cycle path ) . 
  so all you do is just stay in de pijp or the old downtown area ? 
  everyone i know is actually going somewhere . 
  to me all the pictures do n't show perfect cycling infrastructure , including the dutch one ( 4th picture ) . 
  picture 1 : cyclists are in the door zone + close to faster moving traffic . 
  swap the cycle lane and parked cars for a huge improvement . 
  the road could be a different color to stand out better as cycle lane ( less important when it 's segregated ) . 
  picture 2 : looks great , but i 'm not sure what 's going on with the three lanes on the right . 
  it seems the middle lane is sending cyclists on a head on collision ? 
  could probably do with just two lanes on that side . 
  picture 3 : seems pretty good . 
  the white lines are high enough for a raised divider , which would segregate the cyclists from cars . 
  a bit of color on the cycle path would be good too . 
  picture 4 : if it 's a regular residential street , then this design is fine . 
  however , it 's probably a through street , which should n't have a design like this . 
  cars have to go into the cycle path too often . 
  turning a through street into a 30km/h road is a crappy solution to this . 
  it could be that there 's no alternative route for cars or cyclists , in that case you end up with something like this . 
  picture 5 : pretty good . 
  i like that they colored the cycle lane at the junction , but they should do it for the whole lane . 
  if they would put in a [ dutch junction ] ( https://youtu.be/flapbxlz6pa ) , it would be perfect . 
  too bad they only put a white line between the cars and cyclists on that bridge . 
  seems that the cycle path is wide enough to have a raised divider . 
  not really ... [ here 's our prime-minister arriving by bike ] ( http://i.imgur.com/new5tif.jpg ) ( the bloke behind him is another minister ) . 
  it 's not for show , he and other ministers do really cycle . 
  same goes for other people higher up in companies and such . 
  also , [ it does n't rain that often ] ( http://www.hetregentbijnanooit.nl/site/it-almost-never-rains-in-english/ ) , but when it does , you can put on rain gear or use the car or public transport instead . 
  `` the car , you say ? '', 
  yes , [ we still drive cars ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_vehicles_per_capita ) and on top of that , a car is a status symbol for many . 
  so people that wear suits to their job more often drive a ( fancy ) car to their job . 
  maybe if you only walk around the old downtown area . 
  compared to other dutch cities ( e.g. 
  groningen ) , amsterdam is quite shitty ( especially the city center ) . 
  compared to other european cities it 's actually really good . 
  plenty places with segregated cycle paths and the typical dutch junction design . 
  but you 're right , a big reason of why cycling in amsterdam is working so well is the sheer number of cyclists . 
  safety in numbers and all that . 
  yes , like much of europe . 
  the netherlands has had pretty good cycling infrastructure since the 70s and 80s and is still improving . 
  there 's no way a country or city can get to the dutch standard in a few years , but it 's definitely possible to get something decent in that timespan . 
  to do that you need to start with some proper core ideas on how you want to approach bike infrastructure . 
  putting down some paint and signs as seen in the pictures is definitely not the way to do it ( they do the same thing in london and there they say they have genuine ambitions ... ) . 
  imo the best cheese is * boerenkaas * , farmers cheese . 
  there are strict rules for this cheese , of which one is that has to be made with raw milk . 
  it also has to be made by the farmer himself ( or actually it 's usually the farmer 's wife ) . 
  it has such a full flavor and great texture . 
  [ here 's a write up ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/amsterdam/comments/2jp5bk/can_anyone_give_me_an_overview_of_grocery_store/cldrfmf ) i did a while back about dutch supermarket cheeses , which covers the most popular cheeses in the netherlands . 
   there 's a lot of cheese in the supermarkets , so you 're asking for quite something  . 
   the most ` generic ' dutch cheese is gouda . 
  i believe the name is not protected , hence this is put on a lot of cheese . 
  there are also cheeses with protected names , like beemster ( can only be made in the beemster ) . 
  cheeses that are called * boerenkaas * ( farmer cheese ) are always dutch and made according to strict and protected rules , the most important is that it 's made of raw milk . 
   these dutch cheeses come in many varieties , but they 're always classified by age . 
  the longer the cheese aged , the stronger the taste and the harder it gets . 
  older cheeses are therefore more expensive ( take up the space longer ) . 
  you mostly have these cheeses :  * jong : aged at least 4 weeks . 
  * belegen : 16-18 weeks . 
  * oude kaas ( old cheese ) : 10-12 months . 
  * overjarig : 1 year or longer . 
   for day to day consuming ( some slices on a piece of bread ) i prefer belegen . 
   aside from the age , other stuff can be added . 
  most common in the supermarket is cumin ( * komijn * ) , which i think is almost always jong or jong belegen . 
  this is very tasty cheese  . 
  if you go to a market or cheese store , you can get many more flavors . 
  popular is brandnetel cheese ( stinging nettles cheese , no the cheese does n't sting ) or you could even get pesto cheese ( i guess they put in basil ) . 
   aside from these dutch cheeses , most supermarkets stock a variety of foreign cheeses . 
  french brie and camembert , italian pecorino , etc , etc. 
  hiv/aids is n't equally prevalent among the whole population . 
  so if you do n't know many gays or addicts , the chances of meeting someone which hiv/aids are much smaller . 
  the european country , no ; the kingdom , yes . 
  it 's the same as england not sharing a border with ireland , but the uk does . 
  only confusing thing is that the kingdom of the netherlands shares its name with one of its constituent countries . 
  yes , but we had to find that out the hard way . 
  in the last few years a lot of regulations have been put in place to prevent new tbtf problems . 
   banks apparently are n't though . 
  banks lose billions because they make idiotic decisions and then we bail them out .
