directly coming of the nos site does work . 
  the pdf is the second link in the nos article ( linked with the word * schreef * ( wrote ) in the third paragraph ) . 
  sounds like a terrible idea . 
  having commoners decide over stuff they ca n't even begin to understand . 
  does n't mean we should become a republic all of a sudden . 
  i 'd say we get a new king , preferably one of dutch descent . 
  no your system is awful !, 
  i mean , come on , it 's just whatever you 're used to , there 's hardly any difference between either . 
  some things are truly awful , like the notation of dates in the us ( and to some extent the rest of the world - yyyymmdd is superior to both ) . 
   it is not fact that that 's the sole reason , cooking is part of the culture , especially for women . 
  people love home made food . 
  it 's not all about te money . 
  i believe this is the important thing . 
  the same goes for the netherlands , where basically everyone cooks their own meal and rarely eats out/gets take out , even when poor . 
  this is different in some other countries ( e.g. 
  the uk ) , where take out is perceived as a cheaper alternative to home cooking , so especially poor people will eat very unhealthy . 
  because last time this ended really well . 
  he does n't argue that you should ignore it . 
  you 're arguing to ignore the good deeds , because of other crimes . 
  [ broodje brie !, 
  fuck that shit . 
  in that case amsterdam will secede and become a city state !, 
  more like 1954 , when the netherlands antilles became a country in the kingdom of the netherlands . 
  if you consider the kingdom of the netherlands as the country , then when we 're still bordering nations , since sint maarten stayed in the kingdom as a separate country . 
  greenland is an autonomous country in the danish kingdom . 
  same story with a few caribbean islands , which are autonomous countries inside the dutch kingdom . 
  for all intents and purposes these countries are totally independent . 
  a few caribbean islands should 've been dark green , though , because they 're special municipalities inside the country the netherlands ( so not separate countries in the kingdom ) . 
  it all gets complicated when you also put the eu in the mix . 
  i believe cgp grey has a video on this . 
  in the netherlands people did n't move back to the cities for the jobs , though . 
  the infrastructure and services are much better in cities . 
  so after the city centers and some of the `` bad '' neighborhoods were made livable again , those places became very appealing . 
  we 're currently dealing with a housing shortage in amsterdam because of that . 
  i 'm just extrapolating from what happened in history . 
  people move to and from the cities all the time . 
  the netherlands is currently re-urbanizing , after suburbanization and ruralisation in the 60s and 70s ( for the same reasons you describe for poland ) . 
  and in a few decades urbanization will happen again . 
  this ebb and flow happens all the time . 
  just like ajax supporters are shouting `` positive '' chants about jews which have little to do with actual jews , the same goes for these chants . 
  that does n't mean we should allow it , but it does put it in perspective . 
  in the past `` fans '' that were caught singing it , have been fined and banned from stadiums . 
  there 's no reason to assume that wo n't happen now . 
  btw , i find the comments on the article hilarious . 
  implying that it has to do with muslims and growing anti-semitism . 
  this is bullshit , because these chants have been around for years . 
  i remember reading an article about people being arrested in the 80s because of similar chants ( `` we 're going jew hunting '' ) . 
  at the same time ajax supporters were waving israel 's flag . 
  i 'm curious about the sources . 
  the dutch also briefly ruled in parts of brazil , but this does n't seem to be included in the maps . 
  just imagine what a 3y/o girl might like . 
  i assumed that lots of very colorful animals would be good . 
  what a story . 
  i love that the article still reports on his personal life , even though he became an anonymous adult like most of us . 
  at least now we know that he was unemployed in 2013 . 
  isa mengers haitsma mulierweg 28 7101 ca winterswijk the netherlands just write it like that , make sure to ask at the post office for the correct amount of stamps and you should be good to go  . 
  is not an issue * edit : you 're welcome , / u/visvis . 
  yeps  . 
  this is not a scam . 
  the girl probably does n't know about europe either . 
  it 's a dutch redditor that decided it would be cool to post it in this subreddit , so she would get cards from all over europe . 
  the girl just likes opening envelopes ( hence the request by the parents ) . 
  the source for this is a legit local radio + tv station . 
  there is no scam involved and if it was a prank , it 's in very poor taste ( and a week late ) . 
  or simply : `` beterschap ! '', 
  not sure if i can include the `` sending '' bit in the translation . 
  maybe do something like `` veel liefde en knuffels , loaferbread '' ( `` much love and hugs , loaferbread '' ) . 
  xxxx is also kisses in dutch . 
  good luck writing it !, 
  let 's do this reddit !, 
  i 'm going out now to buy the most colorful postcard i can find . 
  this would fit quite nicely on / r/shittymapporn . 
  [ yup yup ] ( http://i.imgur.com/j2rso9k.jpg ) ( yellow one is n't in use anymore :( ) . 
  1839 \\ #neverforget, 
  you just described the dutch as well . 
  like many capitals , locals tend to mix less and less with the tourist crowd . 
  it wo n't be long before the whole city center turns into one hotel/airbnb/tourist trap . 
  what 's that other stuff ? 
  putting refugees on trains to ship them off westwards asap ? 
  i 'm looking forward to it . 
  this is gon na be good . 
  right . 
  that bit about using tear gas and water cannons on people who fled war torn countries ? 
  yeah man , hungary is fucking awesome . 
  what 's that rude awakening according to you ? 
  i can see this becoming a huge turning point in the history of the eu . 
  right now the schengen treaty is already being ignored and when tensions increase further , i think it 's totally possible that we 'll see the eu devolve even further . 
  it 's not the western european countries that have to worry about this , it 's the eastern european countries that will be fucked . 
  it 's gon na be a rude awakening for them , when the eu money runs out . 
  they can at least take some . 
  show that they 're willing . 
  right now countries like hungary only show that they 're fucking assholes and have zero compassion for their fellow humans or even their fellow europeans ( because they let other eu countries deal with it ) . 
  that 's fine by me , but fuck them too then . 
  no more monies for them . 
  i really do n't see why he personally should have refugees in his house . 
  as a matter of fact , that 's a very bad plan , because many of those refugees are traumatized and need professional help . 
  that 's not something a politician can provide . 
  in any case , it 's country vs country . 
  germany is doing a lot for refugees , hungary is doing zero . 
  germany stops giving you money if you do n't help them out with that .
