   i assume you 're familiar with the phrase `` too big to fail '' ? 
  well , some banks are too big to fail . 
  greece is n't . 
  in the netherlands we let a bank go bust , because it was n't too big to fail ( dsb bank ) . 
  we saved other banks , because if we did n't it would fuck up the economy even more . 
   the realistic answer would probably be that italy and spain are too big to fail . 
   do n't forget that italy or spain might not want to be saved from default . 
  if it comes to a greek default ( and subsequently leaving the euro ) and this turns out to be very good for their economy ( short term sucks balls , long run they can start over without debt ) , then it might become a viable option for other shitty euro economies . 
  even the threat of this can seriously harm the euro as a stable currency , which will harm all euro economies . 
  at that point strong economies might even contemplate leaving the euro , which would make the currency suffer even more . 
  if above turns out to be true , then it 's the beginning of the end of the euro . 
  the only way to save it would be further unification in a fiscal union . 
  however , i seriously doubt that would happen after just seeing how the remaining euro countries got a big fuck you from the two or three that left . 
  maybe a few countries will stick together with a common currency , but it could very well mean everyone reverts back to their old currency . 
  this indeed . 
  it 's a bit of a hassle , but not too difficult . 
  if you want you can already try to get rid of your greek banknotes by spending them . 
  they 're the ones that have the y serial number . 
  since when is / r/europe bilingual in its comments ? 
  like russia even cares . 
  [ russia regularly intrudes european airspace ] ( http://theaviationist.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/infographic-nato-russia.jpg ) . 
  because that 's how rounding works . 
  1 , 2 , 6 and 7 get rounded down ; 3 , 4 , 8 and 9 get rounded up . 
  that way in the long run no one wins or loses anything ( unless someone deliberately tries to play the `` system '' , but almost no one does that - at best you `` win '' 2c per purchase , so it would amount to only a few euros a year if do it once a day ) . 
  in most countries businesses are free to decide what they do and do n't accept as payment . 
  on a scale of 1 to windmill , i 'd say just about [ an orange wooden shoe ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wxjwdfi.jpg ) . 
  even the belgians had to buy them ... poor you . 
  i remember very well that we got them for free . 
  at the time i was a paperboy and was collecting my christmas/new year 's tips ( going door to door saying : `` on behalf of [ newspaper ] i wish you a merry christmas and happy new year '' and then getting some money ) . 
  quite a few people did n't have guilder coins handy , so they gave me one of the fresh euro coins from their free set . 
  obviously people did n't know the value too well , so instead of what usually would be a guilder , they gave me an euro which was more than double the value !, 
  ( 2.20371 times more to be precise - somehow , after all these years , that number is still stuck in my mind . ), 
  7 also gets rounded down . 
  1 , 2 , 6 and 7 get rounded down . 
  3 , 4 , 8 and 9 get rounded up . 
  btw , rounding is happening in many countries . 
  they 're still around and people have n't become poor overnight . 
  apparently it 's working . 
  they wo n't get to spend their 1 and 2 cent coins , unless a business is willing to accept them . 
  no change . 
  and if you pay for something worth $ 4.97 ( e.g. 
  2x 1.99 + 0.99 ) with $ 5 , you 'd get 5c change . 
  i do n't know the law in ireland , but in the netherlands businesses can decide what they 'll accept as payment . 
  many simply refuse 1 and 2 cent coins . 
  i think there are still some organizations that have to accept them ( government and banks come to mind ) , so you can get rid of them that way . 
  or you can just throw them in a jar and forget about them . 
  and there 's a way to game the system : always buy 3 items at the time . 
  that way you earn 2 cents on every purchase . 
  wo n't take long to earn enough money to buy a ferrari !, 
  you had to buy them ? 
  in the netherlands every citizen ( including babies ) got a set for free . 
  we finally beat the fins at something !, 
  just round that shit when you pay . 
  when paying with plastic you can still pay the actual amount , when paying in cash you round the amount to the nearest 5c . 
  ah , right , it 's a sign for boats . 
  it indicates where they may turn around . 
  i 'm from the netherlands and i have never seen it , nor have any idea what it means . 
  walking down the stairs is more dangerous than cycling . 
  do you wear a helmet for that activity ? 
  preventable head injuries among cyclists are actually not a topic at all in the netherlands , not even with er doctors . 
  the main topic in safety is always about preventing the biggest cause for injuries : motor vehicles . 
  hence it 's far better to invest in safety there , which the netherlands is doing - e.g. , where appropriate cycling infrastructure is segregated from motor traffic . 
  [ here 's more information on the topic ] ( http://www.aviewfromthecyclepath.com/2011/08/dutch-cyclists-talk-about-helmets-and.html ) . 
  for the dutch cycling is as normal was walking . 
  do you wear special gear for walking ? 
  i ca n't remember paying for the toilet in a restaurant in the netherlands ( unless it was a mcdonalds or something like that ) . 
  it is very common in bars and clubs . 
  if you make your streets safe , you do n't need to add additional safety with helmets and such . 
  that can be said for most capitals . 
  also , amsterdam is n't one big tourist trap . 
  avoid the area around dam square , the wallen and a few other small spots and you 'll have a great time . 
  ok , so it 's surprising to see people drink tap water in those countries ... in countries where tap water is fine , it 's not very surprising that people drink it . 
  all tourist traps . 
  i do n't know why there are so many . 
  if you want a good steak , go to loetje or piet de leeuw . 
  in sweden you ca n't drink tap water ? 
  that 's why americans have the second amendment ( right to bear arms ) . 
  or that 's the theory at least . 
  yeah , i know , but i guess they just did n't want people wandering too far from schiphol plaza . 
  remember that it was somewhere in the middle of the night and i was a drunk 19-year-old . 
  probably had people like me up to no good before , so they did n't want us there anymore . 
  i live in amsterdam and sometimes we would go to the 24/7 burger king at schiphol after everything closed in the city . 
  one time i had to go to the bathroom , so i followed the signs to one . 
  i guess that they had troubles before with non-travelers using those bathrooms , so a security guard came after me and starting calling to me that i had to stop . 
  he did it in dutch , so i figured i could just pretend i did n't speak the language and continued to the bathroom . 
  when i was finally there , i had just enough time to start peeing , before the guard walked in . 
  he told me i had to get out , because the bathroom was off limits for me . 
  so i asked him , dick in hand , if he wanted me to leave while i was peeing or if i could finish . 
  luckily ( for the cleaning crew ) i was allowed to finish . 
  in hindsight it might not have been the smartest thing to do in an airport , but everything worked out fine . 
  i made it back to the burger king , where my friends just got our orders . 
  i just love it when you come back from the bathroom and find your food waiting for you . 
  i asked for a source on the remark by / u/muupeerd , who said : `` the majority of the netherlands want no more refugee 's and want the borders to be more closed . '', 
  i 'm gon na say it 's exactly that . 
  also , extrapolating your results to today makes no sense at all , if you can actually get recent results . 
  what about [ this ipsos survey ] ( http://content1b.omroep.nl/urishieldv2/l27m3fa1907328fe251b005672ac7e000000.f35901426e13e99336452605864f17a5/nos/docs/150915_ipsos.pdf ) ( page 20 ) , which is also more recent ? 
  28 % wants to close the borders , 52 % does n't want that . 
   the majority of the netherlands want no more refugee 's and want the borders to be more closed . 
  source ? 
  dijk = dike ( it actually should 've been dam , but for some reason the person who named the dam forgot to look up the definitions of dike and dam , so now we 're stuck with an incorrectly named dam ) .
