  i really enjoy it . 
  it makes playing with big english clubs like arsenal a lot more fun having a new challenge like that . 
   anglos are crap at integrating . 
  that seems to refer to all anglophone people to me but yeah . 
  he 's still generalising about english speakers , and i know english people who have learnt german to live there . 
  it 's a stupid generalisation . 
  everyone finds it easier to be friends with people who speak their first language . 
  you often get groups of german speakers on the bus in london . 
  i do n't get upset about that . 
  i 've been to places like doncaster , grimsby , hull , scunthorpe , parts of leeds which are much like what you say , but also islington ( where i 'm from ) , the massively improved birmingham , worcester , sheffield , manchester and lots of bits of essex that i 've been to do n't really strike me as being like that at all . 
  i have n't been somewhere outside the post-industrial north that struck me as being like that except maybe some neglected south coast towns . 
  still less than france . 
  i lived in spain and i speak fluent spanish . 
  fuck off with your shit generalisations . 
  your english is n't that brilliant btw , so you 're not a great position to judge those struggling to learn languages . 
   people where i live now are actually proud of their city , like living here for the most , take a much more relaxed attitude towards foreigners in my experience most of england is like that too . 
  the stats are n't from the independent . 
  this exact same graph was published yesterday in a german newspaper too . 
  they merely reproduced them . 
  maybe we can lobby her with innovative tea and biscuits . 
  germanic tribes collectively known as the anglo-saxons invaded , formed the kingdoms that would later join together to make england , the anglo-saxons were converted to christianity by st. augustine . 
  is n't that just most people ? 
  disgusting we allow old people to die this way in a society of plenty . 
  tbh i think most pro life campaigners think it 's so bad that they could n't accept legalisation on the basis it would happen anyway , but theoretically , yes you 're right . 
  what is it then ? 
  not at all liberal but they had state atheism . 
  brown / red are nearly always the ` bad ' choice . 
   you can be against abortion and still let other people do it . 
  not really , since if you think it 's morally wrong , you ca n't really consider it as a personal thing because other people are choosing to do to the fetus ; not a personal choice which you might find negative but want to allow because it does n't directly affect others like drinking alcohol or something . 
  i 'm not totally sure how that relates to the colour scheme anyway . 
  i love how you can always tell the opinion of the creator of these kind of maps by the colour scheme . 
  the uk and england are not the same thing at all . 
  this is nothing to do with ` the english ' . 
  i do n't understand why anyone would stir the hornet 's nest like this for no reason . 
  nope , that was india . 
  euro portuguese is hard but brazilian portuguese much less so imo . 
  is n't it also dependent on where in italy ? 
  i 've heard northern italians ( or at least britalians of northern italian background ) make fun of southerners and say they sound like they 're speaking spanish . 
  idiotic comment . 
  these men are not rehabilitated . 
  they 're proud of themselves . 
  scooter should be illegal . 
  i support all efforts to outlaw them . 
  lol yeah cos shoplifting a 6 pack of beer , or getting a shit haircut is comparable to this . 
  a lot of nigerian immigrants are rich in their own country . 
  the ones we get in england are more likely to have a degree than natives . 
  there were never a lot of them coming to work in factories like pakistanis and bangladeshis . 
  they 're a middle class immigrant group like indians in the us . 
  so where is it ? 
  the article is by a french journalist . 
  sorrry about your inferiority complex . 
  it 's not really considered stealing . 
  they get job loads of them for free from the brewery . 
  tsipras comes across as bright to me . 
  i am saying that if germany did n't invade the ussr , then the ussr would not have invaded back , and that in such a case when the allies beat germany , the german occupied part of poland would have been freed , and presumably other parts of eastern europe which ended up being occupied by the soviets . 
  circumstances changed during the war with the relationship between the germans and soviets changng so much . 
  that 's untrue . 
  judging by the situation at the start of the war the germans hypothetically might not have invaded the ussr , in which case the soviets may not have ended up occupying all of poland , so when the germans were defeated at least half of poland would n't have been occupied by another country . 
  classless arseholes . 
  probably not or he 'd have spelt it ` labour ' in his name . 
  britain declared war on germany as a direct result of germany invading poland , while russia was in a pact with germany . 
  what happened after the war was not our fault unless you expected a nuclear world war three directly after the second world war . 
  city is big in manchester though . 
  united is big all over . 
  people in england were very sympathetic during the school siege an theatre siege in russia . 
  did he ever meet prince phillip ? 
  yeah his argument falls flat on its face looking at marion . 
  sent a force of three men during the invasion of either iraq or afghanistan . 
  one bomb disposal team iirc . 
  the ones in oxford were somali . 
  islam is the primary common thread . 
  ( yes i know there were a few white , non muslim black and asian perps too ) . 
  i 'm not saying it does n't ... 
  he just seemed to think catholic majority = automatic 32 county roi . 
  yes i know that . 
  that other guy i was originally addressing seemed to assume it was all about demographics . 
  yeah , ni has been like 75 % unionist lately . 
  if brexit is a massive fuck up ( looks that way currently ) i 'm sure that will change . 
  and yeah that person described themself as ` culturally nationalist ' . 
  she supports the irish language et al , but still wants the nhs etc. 
  it 's still a fallacy to assume a catholic majority in the 6 counties means they 'll definitely want to join the roi . 
  many ( i think most in fact ) catholics are pragmatic unionists . 
  i know a sinn fein voter who does n't want a united ireland . 
  we had stuff about encouraging your grandparents to vote remain , which i found creepy despite voting remain . 
  so harsh to basically rip into everyone else . 
  what is italy 's points giver 's name ? 
  asking for a friend . 
  lisbon is an amazing city . 
   i really ca n't agree with you here . 
  there 's no scenario in which the germans ever beat the us , that much is true . 
  anyone who thinks that the nazis could have launched an invasion of the american mainland is smoking some real impressive shit . 
  after the battle of britain , that 's also true of the uk . 
  not wrong about the fat people part though . 
  what i 'm saying is that a higher percentage of people living abroad = / = a higher percentage of workers . 
  yeah but a higher percentage of working age people . 
  you do n't get spanish pensioners retiring to margate . 
  just because they 're backwards does n't mean the russian army is just allowed to commit warcrimes . 
  you do n't have to love this , to think the russian army should have standards . 
  worth noting the labour areas on this map are on average for more densely populated than the tory ones . 
  dennis skinner is not at all posh .
