  is 5 % not quite a lot for one industry ? 
  learn your history . 
  scotland 's union with england is no way comparable to what ireland 's or any actual colony 's was . 
  i met brazilian students in spain who i 'm pretty sure were on erasmus . 
  they always did traditionally . 
  they wear those kinds of shorts in tv shows set in the past , but not anymore for secondary school at least , and mostly not for primary school . 
   then the uk should increase the minimum wage . 
  maybe , but since that was n't happening people voted to decrease the competition which made is a buyer 's market for buying people 's labour . 
  besides , you can survive on it . 
  it 's whether you think minimum wage should be able to sustain a family and mortgage etc. 
  the point is that a massive surplus of cheap labour means that there is little incentive for employers to pay more . 
   that 's illegal . 
  your local authorities should do something about this . 
  yes , but it 's almost impossible to stop whilst those workers can freely be here . 
  you ca n't have people monitoring every building site in the country constantly . 
  it 's not feasible . 
  i quote from my previous comment . 
   yes , but the minimum wage is n't a wage you can support a family on , in the uk , but it goes like 10x further in poland , so they share a cramped rental house and send there money home to their family in poland / romania etc where it goes much further . 
   in construction there is a huge issue of eastern europeans working cash in hand for wages english labourers can compete even less with . 
  yes , but the minimum wage is n't a wage you can support a family on , in the uk , but it goes like 10x further in poland , so they share a cramped rental house and send there money home to their family in poland / romania etc where it goes much further . 
  in construction there is a huge issue of eastern europeans working cash in hand for wages english labourers can compete even less with . 
  well germany would struggle with their broom wielding military . 
  pretty sure it 's poland not india for the uk as well this seems more accurate for origin of people 's families , as opposed to where they 're born, 
  seems strange sports or current events would be a one or the other type of thing . 
  the church of england lets the priests get married though and they do n't really have big pedo issues, 
  except not actually , the better equipment , training and vehicles of the british and french military mean they are several magnitudes mroe powerful than turkey even if turkey has loads of conscripted grunts with hardly any ammo . 
  muslims in germany and sweden are not more integrated in terms of accepting homosexuality , drinking etc ( less so than in france ) , but they are less left behind economically . 
  not to solely blame economic factors , but the gangsta / islamist street culture from which nearly all these attackers come from is n't as widespread in sweden or germany ( although it definitely exists in certain areas ) which i think is partly to do with the situation of immigrants and their children in france with lack of opportunities and living on sink estates . 
  of course there are other factors , like a far higher percentage of mahgrebis ( the majority of muslims in france ) have become terrorists compared to turks ( the majority in germany ) , percentage of muslims in society which can mean lack of outside contact and ghettoisation , and france 's aggressive confrontation of these ideologies with their military campaigns . 
  he 's not going to be stateless . 
  they only do it in cases where the person is eligible for another citizenship . 
  terrifying . 
  ireland inflated by cosplaying yanks ? 
  yes , but the fact the other high countries are in the eu cancels that out . 
  that makes no sense or they 'd all be way higher . 
  if made in spain or poland or wherever was seen as equally good they 'd be equal to made in the eu , since 99 % of people know they 're in the eu . 
  it 's not but since things made in germany have a higher rating or uk or sweden is about the same , it seems probable that made in eu is a cover for less desirable ` made in ' countries . 
  indians have a better reputation than moroccans or turks even though they 're less white so it 's not some nazi thing about hating people more the less white they are like you 've made out . 
  even if it 's not fair to treat an individual badly because of the stereotype , it obviously comes from some reality , not just hating the other . 
  it 's illogical that made in eu is higher than most eu countries . 
  logically it shoudl be the average of all eu countries ( yes i know that 's unlikely to happen , but surprising it 's so far from that ) . 
  what about people who do n't take everything too seriously  those who do ? 
  he already was judging by his flair . 
  why are so many people naked ? 
  surely very few people were so poor they ca n't afford some kind of clothes ? 
  relevant username . 
  the ira was not religious terrorism . 
  the sectarian nature of the nationalist / unionist divide did not go as far as them believing they were fighting in a holy war like these people . 
  that 's how it works with uk voters . 
  you lose your right to vote after 15 years of living abroad . 
  it 's now been disclosed if you 're interested . 
  lol the embarassment on the face of the guy with glasses and the woman with the blue hat . 
  i think it 's probably bono . 
  the direct exploitation at least is nearly always done by other eastern europeans . 
  not part of the uk . 
  middle school does n't exist in many countries . 
  surprised ( let down ? ), 
  by scandinavia . 
  scotland would be frank grimes . 
  going to by this for when hiking over several days . 
  well if cafes count as shops . 
  this is in the paris suburbs . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/12/17/french-bar-tells-women-isnt-paris-men/ lol how can this be so downvoted ? 
  it literally happened , even if it 's not representative , it 's still real . 
  anglican priests are allowed to marry and do n't seem to have the same incidence of abuse . 
  it only really works for roman catholics . 
  i was pointing out that this post is basically implying england is gloomy but places which get a better rep on here like scotland , and possibly ireland or at least northern ireland have better weather because they 're not constantly stereotyped as having shitty weather since people here like them . 
  a tiny minority of old people , maybe . 
  i 've never met anyone bitter about it , only old people who do n't understand measurements in ` new money ' . 
  the north and the west ( and ireland even moreso ) have the gloomy weather . 
  london gets less rain than paris . 
  edit : if you 're downvoting this factual post , please explain why . 
  ironic flair . 
  alternative viewpoint to this . 
  they do n't do it for us , so why are we dong it for them ? 
  those things do n't exclude each other , and they are true . 
  i exaggerated but still . 
  roseng\u00e5rd was 16 % foreign in 1972 to around 86 % now . 
  there is clearly a white flight phenomenon . 
  it 's deeper than just housing costs or immigrants would all live in rural northern sweden . 
  i also ca n't find a figure for rinkeby but i think it was an even higher number of swedes when built . 
  i remember it from the news . 
  your point is misleading . 
  edit : from this article on rinkeby http://www.nytimes.com/1998/10/06/world/a-swedish-dilemma-the-immigrant-ghetto.html ` mazhar goker , 35 , came to rinkeby from turkey in 1972 , and his family were the only immigrants on the block . 
  today , he said , there are no native swedes left . ', 
  hmm . 
  you do realise areas like rinkeby , roseng\u00e5rd etc were 100 % swedish until the 70s ? 
  they 're only segregated because swedes have moved away . 
  swedes choose not to be near these people for one reason or another . 
  this looks very much like where i grew up in north london , right down to the weather . 
  this map is n't accurate . 
  i think the creator did deaths in ww1 as a percentage of current population . 
  i approve of this trend . 
  looks like they made this from a british postbox . 
  there genuinely were loads of angolan / portuguese in my school in london . 
  i never knew . 
  thank you . 
  italy for belgium seems so random ? 
  could you be more prejudiced whilst pretending to care about prejudice ? 
  yeah you do n't know anything about what happened .
