literally no evidence he/she 's a eurosceptic ? 
  unless you have seen other posts from this person , in which case i apologise . 
  someone in this sub got heavily upvoted the other day for saying ` we need a far right , with the eu as the nation state ' . 
  racism is totally accepted here as long as it 's not directed against eastern europeans , so there 's quite a big chance he 's pro-eu . 
  i hope this is satire . 
   hi , i 'm a young guy , super nice , very incredible -- i have amazing fortune , wonderful family , job , friends -- i 've encountered the pope , obama , fran\u00e7ois hollande -- from my home in chicago , i live a life of adventure and dreams . 
  also , was this part intentionally written to sound like it was pulled from a trump speech ? 
  ( minus the word ` young ' ), 
  the moor 's head or saracen 's head is common in england too on many coats of arms . 
  there 's also a lot of pubs called the saracen 's head with a saracen 's head as the sign . 
  do you have neckbeards in turkey ? 
  highly original . 
  seeking refuge from german attempts at humour ? 
  in portuguese and spanish south americans use mispelled english names like jhonny , sthefany which people in spain do n't and i do n't think portugal do either . 
  i think they spell it as makes more phonetical sense to them . 
  games of thrones-esque . 
  i thought it was ` to the city ' ? 
  quite a lot of people ignore it but do like guy fawke 's night , but i do n't think anyone is actively against halloween really . 
  did n't realise brexit had made us regress all the way to the bronze age . 
  does cooking count ? 
  no way i 'd average this without cooking . 
  the uk , nz , australia and denmark all have a far greater social safety net than most countries . 
  edit : missed iceland , norway , netherlands , canada , and probably ireland too . 
  i was wrong too , the furthest out one is shetland , just looked it up . 
  the islands furthest to the top right of the uk are the hebrides i think . 
  the faroes are under the writing . 
  edit : meant orkneys not hebrides . 
  not sure if that 's an alan partridge reference i do n't get but norwich is in norfolk . 
  who do the faroe islands joke about ? 
  speak for yourself ` germanyisbestcountry ' . 
  yeah i 'd make mistakes , like the ` less ' rather than ` fewer ' in my comment . 
  he makes bizarre ones that sound like a non native speaker , eg a ` very anti police judge ' . 
  i 've never heard another politician who speaks as badly as him . 
  i think you 're reading too much into the fact that we are an island just off a large continent . 
  it 's pretty natural to describe it that way . 
  original for sure , but that does n't necessarily mean it looks nice . 
  trump is genuinely awful at english . 
  the average non-native english speaking poster here seems to make less errors . 
  it 's not what most scots you meet lead you to believe . 
  i 'm not an economist but is n't the fact our money is now worth so much less in other countries a crisis ? 
  even if the mapuches came to argentina after it was an independent country , argentina had no effective control over that area . 
  and i know of no source that they were ( chilean ? ), 
  mercenaries . 
  maybe you can provide one if one exists . 
  and even if they as a people did n't have a right to be there , it 's still clearly documented that they were exterminated in a barbaric way that ca n't be praised . 
  argentina is predominantly white , and till a couple of years ago had a statue to a general who took part in genocide against the natives in patagonia in the late 1800s . 
  there are obviously still a small minority of natives in north america too . 
  it proves nothing . 
  also fuck off downvoting because you dislike facts . 
  that 's actually because 90 % of the native population lived below the rio grande . 
  you could also play the exact same game with a picture of a nigerian , indian etc next to an argentinian . 
  that was disturbingly specific ... 
  yes , antony beevor i bet . 
  that guy is full of nazi propaganda . 
  did anyone actually read the article ? 
  it 's not just exagerated , russian - centric or romanticised . 
  it 's presenting a fictitious last stand made up as propaganda in 1948 as a true story . 
  you ca n't compare sweden wanting less immigration now ( considering the very high amount ) to poland and hungary being hostile to immigration they have at such low numbers , you 'd have to compare them to sweden in the 70s or 80s i guess . 
  very obviously bollocks since hungary and poland are more pro-federalist and sweden is strongly sceptical . 
  i saw a similar video where afghans did n't know what 9/11 was . 
  i 'm talking about the language . 
  the fact that something is * in english * does not make it english . 
  no , but brexit is also a mess . 
  will be interesting to see which comes out worst in the end . 
  india is not part of england or the uk ... 
  in english = / = british . 
  if so then chad = france . 
  i think at least some of the european citizens will have been known to have travelled to the middle east / be extremists . 
  it makes a lot of sense . 
  they were probably wanted terrorists ? 
  i ca n't speak polish so i do n't know about but a quick google search in english throws up results for this story in indian , american and australian news sources on the first page . 
  people just post british media because it 's in english and most people can read english . 
  you seem to be ridiculously bitter against british people in general for no reason so i guess this is going to be discounted based on my nationality , it quotes someone describing the germans actions as chivalrous and later quotes someone else saying they were gentlemanly which seems sympathetic and balanced to me . 
  assuming you meant germany instead of the second time you wrote uk , you still did n't read or at least understand the article . 
  it was sympathetic to the german navy who spared the fishermen , and i guess the subsequently unemployed fishermen . 
  what are you even trying to say ? 
  well the flags are ( nearly ) the inverse of each other , so maybe everything else is too . 
  that 's odd . 
  a lot of people who used to go to lidl here have swapped to aldi . 
  rather believe in ourselves than the swedish false modesty ( claiming to be exceptional for not being exceptional ) and severe tall poppy syndrome . 
  the uk * is * a country . 
  you 're both bigoted against us and fail to understand the difference between a sovereign country which has existed for hundreds of years and a supranational organisation we have been a member of for about 40 . 
  scotland wants to keep the sterling even if they leave the uk . 
  you 're an idiot who has n't got a clue what they 're talking about . 
  that 's stupid . 
  it does n't / ca n't work that way . 
  they are part of the country so they are bound to the result just like large minority of english and welsh people ( myself included ) who voted remain . 
  still tens of thousands . 
  just hoping the casualty numbers do n't rise too much . 
  there are n't no go zones . 
  the worst areas are not so bad that you 'd avoid walking through there at all cost . 
  of couse some areas you are more likely to get mugged or whatever , but none you 'd not walk through if they were on your route . 
  you might not want to * live * there but none are that bad you would n't dare enter . 
   yes , that 's what the people wanted , plus there should n't be a special status for a non-member . 
  that 's not true . 
  the percentage of people who voted to remain + the percentage of leave voters polled who said they wanted to remain in the eea adds up to a majority . 
  ah , i thought maybe russia if lithuanians started to support the big russian teams in ussr times . 
  which country 's football ( soccer ) league is most watched in lithuania ? 
   like having people call for jihad in the middle of londonistan probably better than having the actual jihad in the middle of our cities . 
   poles being killed , beaten , insulted on a daily basis that de-escalated quickly .
