  i do n't think there 's some conspiracy amongst polish builders to lower people 's wages and do n't really blame them , but that does n't mean i think it 's necessarily good for english builders for example . 
  that does n't then make it okay to beat up a pole if you 're a builder who feels like your wages are stagnating and eu migration is a contributing factor . 
  you conflate eu immigration to the individual immigrants in the same way as these people . 
  i 'm done with your obssessive deluded bullshit . 
   your entire argument is based on the assumption that most eu immigrants in the uk are ( illegally ) working cash in hand and avoiding tax , which is not the case and also very offensive . 
  no , it is n't but if you 're going to have a hissy fit and make out like i 'm racist about me claiming this is a significant problem then you 're not worth arguing with . 
   that also assumes that most eu workers are in low wage jobs which is n't the case as a large majority are skilled professionals . 
  interesting if true , but highly skilled professionals do not undercut unskilled labouring jobs and are thereore not relevant to the argument i 'm making . 
  french or swedish it workers are not why people voted leave . 
  this undermines your point . 
  leave was n't against these kind of people which i imagine nordic immigrants tend to be . 
  if you think there is a lot of anti-nordic sentiment in the uk you 're a deluded idiot . 
  sorry to be so harsh , but it 's just not a significant tendency that exists in this country . 
  to base your argument on it is ridiculous . 
  there is a problem with anti-eastern european sentiment , but it 's worth understanding why people have this misplaced anger rather than demonising them if you really want to deal with it . 
  yeah , to some extent but there 's a big caveat to that . 
  no other country faced such an influx of eu workers in 2004 . 
  it changed the country overnight . 
  we were an english speaking country with liberal employment laws and one of the largest economies in the eu and we did n't apply breaks like germany . 
  our government had a bigger challenge than any other country . 
  no other country in the eu is comparable . 
  they 're either poorer economies which are less of a draw for eu workers , or they 're small countries with a highly regulated economy where few foreigners can speak the language well enought to work ( nordics + netherlands etc ) , then there 's france , higher unemployment and more regulation , and although french is commonly spoken , it 's not as much as english . 
  germany , the only other comparable target country applied emergency brakes . 
  the point is that the eu and freedom of movement work for the rich man in the rich country , not the poor man . 
  having many workers who will work for less and in worse conditions weaked the bargaining position of low paid workers . 
  i also think some things are incredibly hard to police , like cash in hand constructon workers . 
   i also dont think you can blame immigrants on the minimum working conditions and wages set by the uk government i 'm blaming mostly the employers , and secondly the immigrants because they often work cash in hand for below the minimum wage . 
  the minimum wage is also a maximum wage for many other jobs where this cash in hand is impossible , because why pay people more when there are effectivevly an unlimited number of people willing to work for the minimum wage when it 's a very good wage in their country ? 
  this second part you ca n't blame on immigrants , but employers , and freedom of movement in itself . 
  maybe the government should have cracked down on unscrupulous employers paying cash in hand , but that 's extremely tricky . 
  voting not to have this competition who can afford to work for less money ( they save it to spend back home where it goes way further ) was the easy way out for many people . 
   no i 'm pretty sure it was an intended consequence , since the leave vote was mainly about eu immigration !, 
  nordic people have been harassed in the uk along with those from poorer countries so dont think the average daily mail reader differentiates between one eu national from another and nor should they ( not that they should harass anyone at all , but that they should n't harass a polish person any more than a swede ) i remember one story of a swede being harassed , which probably was some idiot who mistook them for a pole , lithuanian etc ( still wrong of course ) . 
  you 're wrong however to suggest it was n't about eu immigration from countries which undercut wages . 
  the complaints of these people were always about post-communist eastern european countries who 's workers are willing to accept very bad wages . 
  the rhetoric always centred around poles and romanians . 
  i voted remain but your ignorance about leave voters is similar to the ignorance of certain leave voters who harass poles , just generalising and not seeing things from the other side . 
  i think they were wrong , but they 're not just idiots or monsters not worth listening to at all without any genune grievances . 
  and for the record i live with my fianc\u00e9e who is a swedish-finn so i probably have a much better idea of how nordic immigrants are being treated after the vote than you do . 
  that was very obviously a byproduct rather than an intended consequence . 
  it was about immigration from countries that undercut wages and working conditions . 
  sweden certainly has better working conditions and i 'm pretty sure higher pay . 
  no one intentionally voted to stop swedes coming here . 
  if this is n't random local news , then what is ? 
  i hope no small farmers or anyone who ca n't take the loss is insured or something and is n't too affected by this . 
  yeah , but both of us were born and brought up in the same area , went to same primary and secondary school etc. 
   ancestor she was n't that old . 
  trevlig stad ( except the prices ) . 
  i 'm from london and in team ` gone ' but my best mate who grew up 5 minutes down the road says is in the ` cone ' camp . 
  quite strange really . 
  whether or not he 's right , he should n't unilaterally make explosive statements when he 's a government minister . 
  it gives the impression it 's a government position when it might not be . 
  it 's the behaviour of a loose cannon . 
  it 's unfair if leave voters get to choose this , but then it 's impossible to prove who voted leave . 
  i wonder if offering it by age would be illegal . 
  well they were wrong as it killed far more british troops . 
  the whole narrative of the british or ` english ' sending australian and nz troops where they would n't go themselves is bullshit . 
   between 2012 and 2015 germany provided around 1.4 billion euros in aid for the victims of the war in syria , making it the third-largest donor worldwide [ after us and uk ] . 
  there were stories about germany using this money to spend on the ones in germany though . 
  if i 'm not wrong about that ( and i do n't think i am ) it meant the money we spent went much further . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 'm right because our figures for money spent the actual region were shown before and were much higher than the rest of europe . 
  edit : to the butthurt germans downvoting . 
  look it up for yourself . 
  we did the noblest thing by paying much more than they did for refugee camps in the area , which helped far more people for the money . 
  they did the thing that was most visible and gave them best pr , and helped only the least needy who could actually afford to make their way to germany . 
  yep , but with huge french / latin influence , which would be much less if the normans had lost . 
  you 're right , but that 's totally irrelevant to the fact that a much higher proportion of muslims ( over here , at least ) believe in them . 
  you might as well bring up the fact that lots of muslims believe in anti-jewish blood libel from tsarist russia and blame it on russia . 
  yeah , people in the comments are going on about muslims believing in conspiracy theories at the same rates on non-muslims . 
  that 's not really the point . 
  the point is that many muslims seem not be able to believe that muslims could have done something wrong . 
  the on in sheffield uni has a safety cord that pulls and stops the lfit before you 'd actually get crushed . 
  at school i got laughed at by some somalian guys in my year as if i were insanely deluded because i believed that 9/11 happened the way it was supposed to have done and was n't a conspiracy . 
  well considering scotland and ni are much worse than england in this regard and they voted to remain ... 
  scots ( a germanic language very close to english , or an english dialect depending how you view it ) was the native language of the scottish lowlands since the 800s ( or at least old english which it would become ) , ie long before they joined with england and before england was even a thing . 
  scottish gaelic was a minority language spoken in the highlands before england had anything to do with it . 
  your question is equivalent to why do n't people in stockholm speak sami ? 
  the uk is friendly for the most part . 
  a lot of it beautiful too , and the weather is n't too bad in the south either . 
  nothing wrong with spain either , and of course it 's sunnier . 
  boring how this sub constantly mindlessly shits on the uk . 
  we have an extremely high quality of life , but this sub makes it sound like some kind of dystopia . 
  the city barely voted at all since almost no one lives there , just a couple of thousand . 
  or was a couple of years ago . 
  it probably suggests there are many countries close to each other which can rise and fall easily ? 
  god yeah i meant dutch , i feel retarded now . 
  i wonder how strongly people in these places feel dutch or belgian . 
  i know on the england / wales border it 's all a bit mixed up , but maybe that 's different since it 's inside the uk . 
  the correct answer is , ` yeah i 'm alright / not bad , just [ gf 's name ] left me / my nan is in hospital etc , in the most stoicial voice possible . 
   on average native english speakers have a harder time integrating because they often are reluctant or have trouble learning a new language . 
  that 's not completely fair . 
  when we try to speak other languages abroad the locals speak back to us in english until we give up , because they want to practice their english , even when we speak their language to a much better level than they speak english ( sometimes quite rudely to be honest ) . 
  also at school , some schools have french , some spanish , and some german as the main language to learn . 
  it 's not clear which should be the main foreign language in the same way it 's obvious in most countries to aim your resources to english . 
  it 's also much easier to learn english because of the amount of media in english . 
  submersing yourself in a language makes you fluent in much quicker time and most people have a huge amount of exposure to english through the internet , music and cinema , in a way we do n't to other languages . 
  you 're partly right , but it 's not just because we 're a nation of arrogant morons ( i know you did n't exactly say that but people often do ) . 
  it 's a bit nuanced than europeans often make out . 
  it 's not reluctance for its own sake , but rather people in other countries have a massive headstart on english compared to you learning their language , and the other factors i mentioned . 
  most of my friends ca n't speak a foreign language to a good level , but they almost all say they 'd love to as they know i do , it 's just once you 're in your mid-20s with a job and are not sure which one would be most practical , and then you have the crutch of other people speaking your language it may be less likely to happen .
