  england fans were attacked by french ` antifa ' hooligans from marseille as well as russians . 
  they were fighting a reputation from the 80s that does n't exist anymore . 
  the people they were fighting were normal replica shirt wearing fans . 
  the actual hooligans are all banned . 
  no one would not fight back if provoked in such a way , not to suggest they all behaved like angels . 
  the media played into the story of english hooligans because it sells . 
  for example showed a video where england fans chase a fleeing marseille ultra down the street and beat him . 
  if you watch the whole video on youtube it starts with england fans peacefully drinking outside a bar and being attacked by marseille fans dressed like black blocks who then run away and get chased . 
  french , russian , and croatian fans all participated in pre meditated disorder . 
  russia was the main one . 
  croatia , england , wales , russia and france fans all had incidents that i remember . 
  possibly others too . 
  fish ? 
  what do people so dislike about him ? 
  you brought up their race ( or religion at least ) . 
  you did n't have to discuss it at all . 
  it 's a fucking sickening crime . 
  it 's absurd to suggest we should n't talk about it because of the ethnicity or religion of the perpetrators . 
  i guarantee you it will come out they are not all armenians anyway . 
  i think it 's true of one of them , yes . 
  but not the other two . 
  it 's unbelievably ironic to use a far right party 's newspaper to argue a mainstream paper 's story should n't be shared here because of racism . 
  by your logic should i not just totally ignore that article ? 
  you do know you 're sharing the sweden democrats newspaper whilst whining about this story being shared because of ` racism ' ? 
  you 're confused mate . 
  at least one of them was arabic and not armenian . 
  their facebook profiles have been shared elsewhere on reddit . 
  i think only one was armenian . 
  i do n't hate poles at all but nice try . 
  the only thing i might be biased by is that one of my best friend 's parents are from ghana who i spent plenty of time with growing up , and they 're not at all religious or anything that might make them more likely to answer no to this , so it 's easy for me to believe . 
   countries with a culture more similar to mine must score better , anything else is impossible, 
  my point is that that ghana does n't fit most negative stereotypes of africa . 
  it 's not the congo , somalia etc ( in these cases i would find it odd ) , so i just do n't see why you find it hard to believe . 
  why should n't it be correct ? 
  ghana is n't some wartorn hellhole . 
  they have a decent standard of life . 
   despite that the perpetrators were middle-eastern christians says who exactly ? 
  that 's fucking digusting . 
  it makes an already awful crime even worse to degrade the victim 's diginity even further by streaming the crime so all can see . 
  it remind me of when the fellowship leave the mines of moria , or on in skyrim at the beginning once you are free from the excecution . 
  oh shit right , i never considered what the second republic meant . 
  i was shocked . 
  i do n't want theresa may to see my cock . 
  why is it so dramatically different ? 
  and do many just not go to school there ? 
  48.4 % illiteracy in that eastern area ? 
  am i reading that wrong ? 
  is that possible ? 
   dollars u wot m8 ? 
  i do n't necessarily disagree with any of that but to say we 're doomed is ridiculous hyperbole . 
  you still sound like an absolute fucking idiot . 
   you 're country is doomed hilarious , almost certainly untrue but still a better fate than being french . 
  you sound like a fucking idiot . 
  not having unlimited numbers of workers who undercut your own is not communism . 
  what 's wrong with it is that they can afford to work for money that if british workers accepted the same it would drastically lower their quality of life . 
  it 's entirely possible to feel safe overall but less safe than you once did . 
  what 's h1b ? 
  yeah , you do n't understand the situation . 
  a lot of eastern europeans live in overcrowded house shares so they can pay very little rent , and work for incredibly low wages because they save almost all their money and spend it back home where it goes like 7 times further ( 7 times was the case in poland iirc ) . 
  often their wife and kids live back at home . 
  of course british workers who have a family and mortgage etc in the uk can not compete with them . 
  these ones also make absolutely no effort to socially integrate or learn any english and their bosses normally talk to them in their own language . 
  they also make zero effort to integrate socially as they do n't plan to stay permanently , and they want to save money and not go out and spend it . 
  nothing against these guys as individuals , i understand why they do it , but there 's no denying it exists . 
  this is n't all eastern european immigrants in the uk , as many of them have set up permanent home here , and obviously attacking people is terrible and unjustified , but undercutting is real thing . 
  surprised iceland and italy are so bad . 
  here too , but apparently that 's not stopping them . 
  do n't you think it 's irresponsible to give such young children such a momentous decision ? 
  i know it 's a minority who regret physically transitioning but still . 
  what ridiculous logic . 
  if your kids would be happy on heroin , would you go and score a bag of smack for them ? 
  she 's not even from a muslim background . 
  her family is christian . 
  we used to , but the tories cut it . 
  overall amount fallen i believe . 
  i would n't worry considering how much worse malaysia comes off if you read the whole map . 
  paris has more rain than london . 
  also ` you lot ' down here . 
  yeah it still does . 
  quite a few of my old school friends live round there . 
  the estates there are very rough , but if you bought a studio flat about 100 metres away it would cost you like like # 350k . 
  it 's madness . 
  and thanks haha , do n't think too many get the reference . 
  islington has the second highest child poverty out of the 32 boroughs . 
  much of it is council estates . 
  some are one side of a road and are notoriously bad with expensive houses on the other side . 
  just off essex road and upper street some of them . 
  other bits like finsbury park have bigger stretches where estates go on for a long while . 
  it 's really hard to explain though . 
  like some streets had nice houses , but they were council houses , so people did right to a buy ( a scheme where you could buy your council house for under the going rate ) then sold them at a huge profit and those streets are mostly wealthy people now . 
  a lot of the random tower blocks ( what people call commie blocks on here ) which are n't as nice are where bombs destroyed the old houses so they can be all over the place . 
  speaking for london here but district names are too big to say whether an area is rough , so it 's hard to know without knowing the exact location . 
  islington for example has some of the poshest and roughest parts of london in it . 
  the ume one is new . 
  well that 's a lot more ancient than fucking harry potter . 
   it is n't racist to say illegal working practices are a problem , what is racist is to say that eu immigrants `` often work cash in hand for below the minimum wage '' ( exact quote from you ) yep , that is not racist . 
  it 's simply true . 
  just grow up if you ca n't handle anything that means eu freedom of movement is 100 % great all the time for all citizens of all eu countries . 
   funny you mention `` misplaced '' anger when everything else you say tries to justify the anger . 
  it 's certainly misplaced to attack individual eastern european immigrants .
