  that 's also not true though . 
  you can get paprika pringles . 
  they might be more popular in germany , but they 're pretty common here ... 
  paprika walker 's max crisps are available in every supermarket and often a part of my meal deal . 
  stop spreading disinformation . 
  except the uk has half as much suicide as france ? 
  i think it 's unlikely anyone who 'd want to wear that would want to join the police ? 
  actually 200-300 year old one . 
  he also has an irish surname . 
  and was never very popular . 
  the americans took their last remaining colonies off them in 1898 ; cuba and the phillipines , so they did n't get the chance . 
   in regards to britain , from what i understand , eastern europeans are just a lot more flexible and willing to do the dirty work than brits are . 
  yes , but that does n't make them inherently better , as is often implied . 
  they very often live together in cramped conditions , saving as much money as possible to spend in their home countries where it goes a lot further , so they 're effectively earning a much higher wage for the same job than a guy whose family and house is in england . 
   brits it was literally one guy . 
  i understood exactly what you meant . 
  racists * do * attack pakistanis more than poles . 
  there has been an upsurge of racist attacks against poles since brexit , but generally the vast majority of news stories about racist attacks comitted by white brits are against non-white people . 
  no , that 's fucking bollocks . 
  there are often news stories about muslims being attacked , sometimes murdered in racist attacks in the uk . 
  this subreddit just suffers from a massive amount of confirmation bias . 
  it 's obviously person to person , but that does n't mean there are significant cultural trends . 
  definitely does n't account for the peach / coconut culture effect . 
  even with that , it still seems a huge discrepancy . 
  there ca n't be too many people educated before the 1960s making such a huge difference . 
  i 'm not sure what education in early francoist spain was like either . 
  it 's also still quite a bit worse than other comparable countries like greece too which is the next worst one . 
  i know portugal is traditionally poorer than spain and there seems to be a strong correlation ( but not perfect ) with income and reading on this map , but i 'm shocked the difference between spain and portugal is so great . 
  except the us . 
  i still do n't see any reason beyond punishing the uk for wrongthink to prevent us from being involved in every facet of the single market beyond the free movement of people ? 
  we could still have tariff free trade , ie the free movement of goods , without the free movement of people if it were allowed , as well as the same health and safety standards etc. 
  are you saying nafta is n't actual free trade because they do n't have unchecked immigration between the participating countries ? 
  the 25th is n't such a big deal in spain , i think the 24th is more important there . 
  yeah paternity fraud never , ever happens . 
  before the referendum we were told how great eu migration is for us . 
  now we are told that we ca n't have the positives of being in the single market without the implied negative of freedom of movement . 
  if freedom of movement genuinely benefited us and we would only damage ourselves by ending it , then why does the eu want to stop us making our own mistake and still being in the single market ? 
  edit : instead of downvoting me ( or at least as well as downvoting me ) please explain how i 'm wrong . 
  it does if the minorities are eastern european to be fair . 
  yes that is true , i 'm not saying the us swimmers or gymnasts are cheating , but it misses the point that if you * do * have the best swimmers or gymnasts , your place on the medals table is inflated , and you do n't have the best athletes in as many sports as it might suggest . 
  see for yourself . 
  of those who have won 5 or more golds in a single summer games in the post ww2 period all of them are in gymnastics and swimming , ie the sports that make up half of the usa 's medals currently . 
  no , you can win more than one in some of those , but not the absurd number that one swimmer can . 
  phelps won 8 golds in beijing which is physically impossible outside swimming . 
  a sprinter if he was extremely good and lucky enough to be in a good team could win the 100m , 200m and 4x100m relay . 
  likewise a long distance runner can win the 5k and 10k but wo n't normally be able to win shorter distances or the marathon . 
  oh come on , one person ca n't feasibly win as many even if they 're equally good in another sport like weighlifting , archery or whatever compared to swimming . 
  it 's not an anti-american conspiracy . 
  i thought he was one of the black guys from america from the long jump with greg rutherford . 
  the scoreboard with her name on came up during the bbc show where they were following like 4 track and field events at once . 
  my bad . 
  ( i did honestly see the name and think that ), 
  did you intentionally neglect the greatest naval power of all time ? 
  [ hms victory broadside ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znomdilysla ), 
  can you screencap your tv ? 
  i saw him yesterday and thought he sounded like a rom com with hugh grant . 
  all nordic countries really . 
  swedes massively play up to that though , so you ca n't blame foreigners . 
   everybody is asocial and quiet you do n't think there 's some truth in this ? 
  i 'm engaged to a swede and i think there 's definitely a huge culture of not wanting to bother people / rock the boat . 
  prague is nice in the day ( the historical parts ) , but horrific to walk round at night , you ca n't move two steps without someone offering you drugs or ` titty bar ' . 
  remain voters + leave voters who want eea is a majority and a bigger majority than leave voters . 
  edit : fuck off downvoting facts . 
  look it up . 
  yeah if he confirmed the opposite it 'd have 10 times the upvotes . 
   usa was on good terms with nazis up until they entered world war in december of 1941 . 
  and it was not because of mistreatment of jews but because of perl harbor . 
  not so good that they were n't massively aiding the british war effort by trading with us a huge amount . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-36629146 http://uatoday.tv/opinion/the-guardian-no-russia-sanctions-without-u-k-in-e-u-british-defence-ministry-660383.html http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/brexit/2016/04/06/britain-has-lobbied-hard-for-eu-sanctions-would-they-hold-without-us/ http://www.rferl.org/content/russia-revels-in-brexit-vote/27817778.html http://www.euractiv.com/section/global-europe/news/lithuania-seeks-to-preserve-uk-ally-against-russia/, 
  the uk has been doing this for a few months . 
  it 's agaisnt the law to refuse it in the uk . 
  the uk is a leader in the eu sanctions . 
  there was talk of the sanctions being lessened after brexit , because germany and france are less willing to confront russia . 
  edit : to those downvoting please explain why , otherwise i can see no reason other than you dislike hearing facts that go against your anti-uk narrative . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-36629146 http://uatoday.tv/opinion/the-guardian-no-russia-sanctions-without-u-k-in-e-u-british-defence-ministry-660383.html http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/brexit/2016/04/06/britain-has-lobbied-hard-for-eu-sanctions-would-they-hold-without-us/ http://www.rferl.org/content/russia-revels-in-brexit-vote/27817778.html http://www.euractiv.com/section/global-europe/news/lithuania-seeks-to-preserve-uk-ally-against-russia/, 
   which contains as much truth as when the neckbeard at high school brags about fucking his girlfriend from canada . 
  oddly specific for an innocent party . 
   how did you get the idea that the french hate you less than everyone else ? 
  you say this and you wonder why people wanted to leave ? 
  ( i voted remain btw ) . 
  pretty strong correlation in the uk to orange and yellow on the map and voting for brexit . 
  speak for yourself + guernsey is n't england, 
  so they should call the american victim , ` european origin ' instead of american or something ? 
  he may not have been a citizen of somalia if he was born in norway . 
  they also pointed out he was of somali origin , so i do n't think they were being misleading us by trying to suggest he was called jens olsen or something . 
  i 'm sad for you that you 're pathetic enough for that to make you happy . 
  many are moving to england from france . 
  edit : to whoever is downvoting me , google it , there are bbc news stories on it . 
  more french jews moved to the uk than british jews to israel last year . 
  i 'm a remain voter from south east england who used lived a year on the continent and found that i had much more in common with the irish people i met than other non brits . 
   you sound like a grumpy old man/woman . 
  oh fuck off with that shaming bullshit . 
  consumers obviously have the right to know what they are buying , especially when it 's something you actually put in your body like food . 
  you 're by some magnitude the ` saltiest ' person here . 
  that 's probably true , but so what ? 
  do you want them to call him a british national when he was n't ? 
  the victim did n't die . 
  ( england ) increasingly common due to the economic situation of millenials , but generally considered uncool and the last resort . 
  it 's usual to move away for university and never move back in if you are succesful in getting a proper job . 
  ridiculous logic , by that logic areas that voted labour should be independent because the conservatives are in government .
