  oh , we know , the majority of us just do n't care . 
  our gov ' t does whatever the fuck it wants ( most do ) regardless of what `` the people '' think . 
  as long as we 're not starving or being murdered by our military we really do n't give a fuck . 
  look at how quickly occupy folded like a cheap tent . 
  ( pun intended ), 
  it 's amazing how i do n't give a shit . 
  not so much trolling as being a smart-ass . 
   americans are used to being `` hated '' anyway so it just rolls off our backs . 
  proud to be at the top of that list . 
  they can go right ahead , we 'd like to sit this one out . 
  ( update : well shit , here we go again . ), 
  if they hate it so much why the hell are they there ? 
  oh , so * now * turkey is a euopean nation . 
  only when you want to make them look like dicks . 
  when it matters you 're all like , `` sorry dude , you 're in asia minor . '', 
  both ... actually . 
  it 's makes it much more bearable . 
  because i figured that people who already clicked the link to the tl ; dr version would see that for themselves ( the link in the story 's text ) and decide whether or not it was worth their time to go to the source . 
  proper link : http://www.businessinsider.com/tyler-cowen-cyprus-has-basically-just-left-the-euro-2013-3, 
  pics or it did n't happen, 
  what is that ? 
  play money or something ? 
  protip : boasting how much money you have on the internet never works because it 's something a poor person would do . 
  it 's the fiduciary equivalent of the fat girl angle shot in that it 's completely unbelievable . 
  careful now , you may just cut yourself on all that edginess . 
  so brave . 
  i did n't know germany was an insecure teenage girl . 
  hey / r/europe , quit stealing our thunder . 
  everyone on reddit * knows * that america is the most racist place on earth . 
  ` murica, 
  stop making us look like a bunch of thin-skinned assholes . 
  nobody here takes the washington times seriously . 
  we call it `` the moonie paper '' . 
  it 's a extreme right-wing rag . 
  hey , if europe starts being pissy and giving you the cold shoulder we 'll still be your friend . 
  as an american i find this facinating . 
  in some ways it reminds me of the federation vs. confederation arguments we had early in our history . 
  of course this all came to a head , tragically , in the 19th century during a little thing we call the civil war ( nothing civil about it ) . 
  somehow though i do n't think your uk vs. eu spat will cost you 750,000 lives . 
  here in america we do n't forget the hessians either . 
  in fact they are indirectly mentioned in our declaration of independence ... * `` he is at this time transporting large armies of foreign mercenaries to compleat the works of death , desolation and tyranny , already begun with circumstances of cruelty & perfidy scarcely paralleled in the most barbarous ages , and totally unworthy the head of a civilized nation . 
  '' * more info ... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hessian_ ( soldiers ) #hessian _ units_in_the_american_revolution, 
  to be fair , the republican party is full of crazy people . 
  you 're not a very polite canadian . 
  it 's ok , they only hate `` zionists '' not all jews . 
  if you ca n't compete , legislate . 
  that 's the eu way . 
  try googling `` ms-13 '' or reading about any of the mexican drug cartels . 
  so what , were still not taking any `` refugees '' . 
  good luck , you 're going to need it . 
  never before have i been so thankful for the atlantic ocean . 
  pakistaning intensifies . 
  hail vectron !, 
  no thanks , we 'll pass . 
  shill harder . 
  ugh , why did we let these guys in again ? 
  oh right , their only worth is a strategically important water way and geographic location . 
  funfact : castro loves baseball . 
  unfortunately , flopping has made it to the nba . 
  the one without all the flopping . 
  something , something omelette ... something , something cracked eggs . 
  i can just go to the store and buy one . 
   2nd amendment  feels good man, 
   itt : europeans content on letting criminals walk all over them so as not to appear racist . 
  no wonder it appears from the outside that the inmates are running the asylum . 
  tbh it 's pretty hard to choose . 
  i would love to disband nato . 
  just think of all the money we would save by not subsidizing the defense of europe . 
  i hear the same thing from people i know who live in minnesota . 
  for some strange reason lots of somalis were settled there . 
  time for another sternly worded letter to putin , i 'm sure . 
  are you sure you 're not a moron ? 
  i see russia is getting it 's moneys worth . 
  620,000 people would disagree . 
  because it 's lets white american mutts feel special and ethnic . 
  so how is life in the caliphate of eurostan ? 
  standing on those chairs like that they look like they 're about to hang themselves . 
  do ukrainians eat popcorn ? 
  if not , they should get some . 
  will americans have to provide a majority of the posts ? 
  legislate !, 
  protectionism , it 's the eu way !, 
  itt : delicious whataboutism, 
  we 're more lurkers than trolls . 
  we just like to keep tabs on the situation . 
  information is power . 
  is this a different john kerry than the dour faced corpse i see on the news ? 
  oh look another tough talking serb . 
  would be a shame if something happened to all those nice bridges you have . 
  tumblr ------ , 
   fascists also eat bread as a bread eating fascist i can confirm . 
  is that why the aca is so horrible then ? 
  nazis trying to recruit racists by appealing to peoples general disgust of holocaust deniers . 
  europe needs to get it 's house in order militarily . 
  that broomhandle story from germany is ludicrous . 
  i 'm not blaming the welfare state at all . 
  would be nice if we got a taste as well , and allocating the money spent on nato would be a good start . 
  i 'm just tired of subsidizing the defense of europe . 
  it 's real easy to have a generous welfare state when you have the us to do all the heavy lifting . 
  the comments in this thread are a perfect argument for the us to pull out of nato .
