  feel free to fill all those vacant bases with migrants . 
  we wo n't really care after the fact . 
  time for the us to scrap nato . 
  plenty of americans are sick and tired of throwing money down that hole . 
  got to put all those migrants somewhere . 
  so when does europe stop being erdogan 's bitch ? 
  feel free to ignore him , we do . 
  he 's a lame duck anyway . 
  one can only hope . 
  your post gave me cancer . 
  considering that the eu is n't a country but a collection of countries . 
  pooling together your pennies and saying `` we 're number two ! '', 
  really is n't that impressive . 
  because we 'd still be funding the bulk of the alliance while you guys are busy half-assing it by putting band-aids on everything instead of setting aside more money for the defence of your own countries/continent . 
  tl ; dr american are tired of paying for nato . 
  its increasingly being seen as past it sell by date . 
  another reason for the us to bail on nato . 
  a perfect compliment to your broomstick battalions . 
  pathetic . 
  so if i float in from turkey on a dinghy and land on the coast with a sob story and no identification i 'm good right ? 
  / pol / has been on about this for the last few days . 
  \\  commiefornia where 's that giant earthquake that will send your whole state sliding into the ocean when you need it ? 
  europe does n't deserve the internet if it 's going to continually be this retarded about it . 
  oh god , these comments . 
  how do you say butthurt in flemish ? 
  til that other countries eat fried chicken . 
  i wonder if there 's any difference , in taste , between romanian and us fried chicken . 
  us burgers love us some fried chicken . 
  a lot of us here in the us would love to leave the money pit that is nato . 
  it 's main reason to exist , soviet aggression , has n't been a thing for over 20 years . 
  sorry , but ukraine is just a neighbor hood spat between the eu and rudy poo putin . 
  its high time you do nothings paid for the defence of your own fucking continent . 
  your continent , your problems . 
  `` i am altering the deal , pray i do n't alter it any further . '', 
  ... or not , depending on what you 've read . 
  tea leaves or a crystal ball would probably be more accurate . 
  whatever you say , mr. 
  exciting . 
  `` first they came for the tea kettles ... '', 
  fair enough , but i do n't recall anyone here getting all up in arms about lower power vacuums , and tea kettles as much as they do in the eu . 
  and do n't get them started on bananas . 
  low flow toiles though are the work of the devil . 
  the eu seems to like regulating the most mundane shit and generally being annoyingly overly bureaucratic . 
  yes please . 
  maybe they were having a `` sexual emergency '' . 
  who knows what kind of horror they came from . 
  its obvious they need more understanding and money . 
  you can probably count the number if nato countries that actually contribute the agreed upon 2 % military spending on one hand ( uk springs to mind ) . 
  to the average american who actually cares about shit like this , their opinion of their european `` allies '' is pretty low . 
  basically we see the majority of you as freeloaders unwilling to pony up for your own defense . 
  whats a couple thousand dead brits and americans as long as you can keep your precious welfare states . 
  but according to bleedingheartleftistnob.com it was only 3 . who am i to believe ? 
  great , another freeloading european country with no military wants to get on the nato gravy train . 
  why bother paying for your own defense when you can just get the us to do it for you . 
  how long was it before some leftist nob called him a nazi or bigot ? 
  `` rape ? 
  no rape here . 
  it was a party and everyone had a good time . 
  nothing to see here , move along . '', 
  there 's that freedom the eu is known for . 
  wow , a whole two people . 
  did n't know chief wiggum was a cop in germany now . 
  mexico has a better shot at being the 51st state than turkey has getting into the eu . 
  true , it would he more accurate to say champagne bolshevik considering the average us view of `` socialists '' . 
  i always preferred limousine liberals . 
  in the us we call them `` champagne socialists '' . 
   oftenstupid yep , user name checks out . 
  your also forgetting things like moon landings , atomic weapons , muscle cars , cheeseburgers , guns , breast enhancement surgery ... 
  tip of the iceberg really . 
  your list is something an angsty stupid teenager would come up with . 
  this is what you sound like , `` dae think amerikkka is the debbil ? '', 
  whoa , you left out a bunch of stuff . 
  could be worse . 
  you could be here in the us where our choices seem to be donald trump , shillary , and your doddering old communist grandfather . 
  funfact : nobody cares about reddiquette, 
  and your response is how sanctimonious twats always act when presented with opinion outside of your hugbox . 
  now how did that get over there ? 
  our apologies . 
  american here , is this a big problem in europe ? 
  its a beach , so i 'm assuming it first come , first serve ? 
  seems like a silly problem to have . 
  r/thathappened thank you for `` correcting the record '' . 
  just another smokescreen to hide the collusion between the dnc and hillary 's campaign ( they cheated ) . 
  it 's her turn you know , and you would n't want to jeopardize that . 
  google should just pull out of the european market . 
  gmail , youtube , etc. . . poof all gone . 
  ( edit : r.i.p. 
  my inbox ), 
  you mean a tweet is n't the same as a vote ? 
  then tell france to quit trying to extort money from everyone with a webpage . 
  the internet is not an atm . 
  can we just cut off europe from the internet ? 
  its pretty clear they do n't know how to fucking use it . 
  does this mean we can shitcan nato now ? 
  because that would be great . 
  breaking ... eu declares war on hurt feelings . 
  for all his ridiculousness i really do n't think trump will force us all to watch shitty euro dance-pop videos . 
  ca n't innovate ? 
  legislate . 
  oh look , some more of that eu `` freedom '' and `` democracy '' we all like to point and laugh at .
