notheonion ? 
  lol wtf ? 
  very funny france . 
  how did that get there ? 
  tbh most europeans know fuck all about americans and the us . 
  sure , why not . 
  as long as we can bring our guns ... . oh and muscle cars . 
  we 'll need those too . 
  `` i went to syria for jihad and all i got was this lousy t-shirt '', 
  i 'm amazed that trying to weasel out of a speeding ticket became a scandal . 
  as scandals go it 's pretty boring . 
  you forgot to whine about how we destroyed all your precious bridges . 
  vacations are for communists . 
  well its north of terrorstan anyway . 
  to be fair putin has been acting like a dick lately . 
  chicagoan , can confirm . 
  why would we want either of those broke-ass countries as members ? 
  current nato members , at least the one 's that still have money , do n't even hold up their end of the deal . 
  i know it 's hard seeing someone else improve on the original . 
  as far as i know mormon 's have n't beheaded anyone or blown up a cafe of innocent bystanders so you should n't have anything to worry about . 
  unless you have a deep seated fear of polite young men in short sleeved shirts knocking on your door early in the morning . 
  ok , will do . 
  no , knock yourself out don quixote . 
  apparently i do n't view internet racists as much as an existential threat as you do . 
  i just tend to ignore the vast majority of it and move on . 
  although i will post smart ass comments on the most egregiously stupid offenders . 
  yes , but you seem to relish letting everyone know know about it . 
  which comes off as being egotistical and somewhat annoying . 
  i could give a shit about politics i just think you 're insufferably sanctimonious . 
  oh look it 's savannahjeff , here to wag his morally superior finger at everyone . 
  i was wondering when you would show up . 
  oh look another shitty zerohedge post . 
  now where did i put my tinfoil hat ? 
  whataboutism is all the russians and their ~ ~ allies ~ ~ shills have . 
  probably offer them asylum . 
  nope . 
  everything is racist according to swedes . 
  next time choose a name that is n't so easily mocked . 
  whatever , analdystopia 0/10 try harder . 
  i 'm sure sweden will take them , they seem to take anybody . 
  it 's quality over quantity , not the other way around . 
  now us spying on the germans makes more sense . 
  so is he trying to look like rasputin ? 
  but i thought sweden was like living in a benetton ad ? 
  gr8 b8 m8, 
  if it 's [ this ] ( http://www.barrett.net/firearms/m107a1 ) ( which is legal to purchase here ) then yes . 
  us - bumfuck , bumblefuck , or bumfuck egypt . 
  all three are commonly used . 
  nope . 
  i 'm not fat and/or stupid . 
  the stupid and lazy love having someone else making their decisions for them . 
  ( inb4 `` what about ... '' ), 
  this is the dumbest thing i 've read all day . 
  good job . 
  the annoying way you do n't speak english and insist on speaking that moribund crazy gibberish . 
  but if we left europeans would have no one to feel superior to . 
  we ca n't leave them in the lurch like that . 
  do n't know why you all are taking this so seriously . 
  this is just some joke legislation from a joke of a congressman . 
  if any body want 's an explanation it 's because he 's texan . 
  texas idiots are bigger than normal idiots . 
  i thought this would be about pancakes . 
  has anyone blamed the us/nato/nsa / israel yet ? 
  is there a ever a day when you wake up and say to yourself , `` no , i choose not be an annoying thin skinned insufferable shit today ... '' ? 
  so the smug eurocrats can reply , `` lol amerifats '' . 
  mah bridges !, 
  do n't bother he 's just another retarded russian [ whataboutist ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism ) . 
  aww , that 's so cute . 
   i did not support putin 's actions at all , but you ca n't see me approving of eu/us condemning those actions because they do the same thing elsewhere in the world ( especially in the us ) . 
  do n't worry , you 're just another whining [ whataboutist ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism ) . 
  you 'll fit in perfectly here . 
  no , just it 's holier-than-thou users . 
  fyi , like i give a shit . 
  please excuse me while i continue to give zero fucks . 
  if we helped the protesters or not you 'd still hate us , so why bother ? 
  it 's the eu 's backyard , you guys deal with it . 
  0/10 try again pls . 
  i 'm sure gema will do it 's level best to make german netflix be just as devoid of content as german you tube . 
  omg , so edgy . 
  obviously you were n't around in the 80 's when it was a giant drug fortress with honest to god snipers on the upper floors . 
  section 8 mixed with market price housing is shangri-la compared to that . 
  we tore most of those down . 
  the spot where cabrini green once stood is now a target . 
  like you guys never built over the tops of something some other culture considered `` holy '' . 
  / r/whitepeopleproblems, 
  you 're a dipshit and i 'll gladly call out your us bona fides . 
  most likely you 've never left the basement in your parents house . 
   the majority of hispanics and blacks are criminals one of the most retarded things i 've read today . 
  you may now fuck off back to stormfront/fox news , neckbeard . 
  this would never happened in the states . 
  there would be a swat team with dogs and teargas forcing them out before you could utter `` human rights '' . 
  what i know about cyprus was from a girl i dated years ago . 
  her family was from kythrea , and she absolutely hated the turks . 
  it 's what probably made the sex great . 
  they ran in the other direction . 
  something about not wanting to be murdered . 
  as someone who went to school with a fair number of kosovars , croats , and bosniaks and heard all of their stories . 
  i was left with the distinct impression that the serbs are a bunch of jerks . 
  dear / r/europe jazz , blues , and rock and roll you 're welcome . 
  regards , america,
