  would n't your time be better spent arresting poets and comedians for offending your turkish overlords ? 
  he 's the only dutch person we know outside of rembrandt . 
  did anyone here actually bother to read the whole quote ? 
  oh wait , this is reddit . 
  sorry , please go back to your smugness . 
  hey , do n't blame me . 
  i voted for ross perot . 
  the og crazy populist billionaire . 
  dear europe , please let us leave nato . 
  we 've had enough of your smug bullshit . 
  thanks , the american taxpayers, 
  lol , juncker can get fucked . 
  just the democrats throwing another hysterical tantrum . 
  nothing to see here . 
  great , another freeloading speck of a european country we have to defend . 
   its a pretty popular term in america at least . 
  only among the insufferably annoying and sanctimonious left . 
  lol , pay up suckers . 
  or go back to yelling `` rat-atat-tat '' with your h&k `` sturmge-broomsticks '' . 
  i used to think `` gypsies '' were just a myth until i encountered some ( not irish travellers , but rom speaking gypisies ) while working at a tobacco shop in chicago in the ' 90 's . 
  never saw children so adept at stealing , and the adults would basically try to walk out of the store with everything that had davidoff and s.t. 
  dupont written on it . 
  lovely people , often wondered how the hell they got here . 
   threatening nato allies ...  `` terrorist incident '' at parliament surely we can throw them out of nato now . 
  turkey has always been a pain in the ass so-called ally . 
  they should have been tossed after the invasion of cyprus , but considering their strategic , geographic location we put up with their bullshit . 
  now it really is time for them to go . 
  if were not going to disband nato , can we at least throw the fucking turks out ? 
  turkey is a shit-tier ally . 
  it 's really hard nowadays to not get weed . 
  we tend to smoke more weed here in the states . 
  being a sloppy drunk is not something to aspire to . 
  all the proof we need to that effect is late night photos from london of drunken yobs fighting each other in the street and women pissing in the gutters . 
  of course we do , its where the swedish bikini team comes from . 
  til that sweden has an army . 
  i 'm pretty sure that if she had a meeting with some amish , they would n't make her get rid of all her buttons and put on some suspenders and a bonnet . 
  russia : `` we 'll just be taking crimea back , thankyouverymuch . '', 
  eu : `` america , please help ! '', 
  0/10 low quality bait . 
  try again . 
  itt : people who have never met or actually talked to a non-reddit american speculating about what americans think . 
  `` you have no idea how annoying it is to have people around for decades pushing their political agenda . '', 
  see : clinton , hillary, 
  the eurabian union or eurostan has a nice ring to it . 
  * ^ well ^ if ^ we 're ^ going ^ start ^ naming ^ things ... 
  lol , germany says a lot of things . 
  none of which matter here . 
  kind of like `` racist '' and `` bigot '' . 
  itt : free riders defending free riding . 
  sure , let 's get rid of one of the few groups of immigrants that actually contribute . 
  can i send all the somalis to your house ? 
  seems like obama is dead set on acting like a petulant child before he leaves office . 
  '' ... so they can let him go again . '', 
  has n't anyone told you that showing pictures of criminals who are n't white is tantamount to being grand wizard of the kkk ? 
  better pixelate that photo , or someone will accuse you of being a horrible racist xenophobe . 
  oh look its our great nato ally acting like a shit again . 
  they should have never been a member anyway . 
  and at the very least should have been sent packing in ' 74 . 
  who need `` allies '' like these ? 
  about as trustworthy as pakistan . 
  you should have been kicked out in 1974 . 
  is this more of that eu freedom we hear so much about ? 
  freedom to be told what to think ? 
  unfortunately . 
  oooh wait , i know this . 
   opinion that clashes with the `` conventional wisdom '' of corporate media  russian propaganda and haxx0rz !!!, 
  erdogan is still a cunt . 
  nice fairy tale , but you forgot the part where hillary was the worst possible candidate the democrats could pick . 
  look at all those freeloaders . 
  ... and nothing of value was lost . 
  seriously , we 've been over europe for a while now . 
  so i 'm sure well be ok after the break up . 
  you can keep the refugees though , as we wo n't be needing anymore of those . 
  most of the people who voted for trump cant afford to vacation in europe . 
  it 's almost like you completely missed the message . 
  and seriously , after this election you 're trying to prove a point with a poll ? 
  a lot of americans see nato as a money pit that 's long outlived its usefulness . 
  not to mention it 's original mission . 
  maybe you should n't of gutted your defense budgets to pay for your welfare states . 
  good luck doing that now since europe decided to take in the whole of the mena . 
  well , it is appreciated . 
  even after everything greece has gone through , you still manage to pay your 2 % into nato . 
  unlike all of the other free loading countries that do n't . 
  these are the people who will replace those horrible , free spending tourists that europe has a hate boner for now . 
  welfare tourism, 
  sorry , public perception does n't work like that . 
  basically `` jihad '' is the new swastika . 
  the meaning will never be reformed . 
  in the public consciousness its all sex slaves and beheadings . 
  how about you stop being a pedantic twat . 
  but you post on r/europe so that may be impossible . 
  how about you read the the thread from yesterday about wanting to leave the eu vs. flooding their country with a bunch of rapey welfare tourists . 
  we really like poles , they 're good people . 
  never understood why europeans despise them so much . 
  lol , turkey can get fucked . 
  we should have booted their ambassador and declared him persona non grata . 
  completely worthless so-called ally . 
  not when that 's basically his whole schtick . 
  and i do n't know what you mean by `` you guys '' . 
  did you mean `` people that hate lazy partisan comedy '' ?
