  howcome it 's still not bankrupt ? 
  space marines, 
  why did you push so much to unite germany to lose pretty important geopolitical location ? 
  yep , the mod is always improving and up to date, 
  it went on sale multiple times , i think it was 75 % off for the whole game and dlcs , that 's why i bought it . 
  best decision ever . 
  internet filters and censorship helps me to protect myself from nasty , bad things . 
  i never laughed at polandball comic as much before . 
  thank you . 
  imagine how 'd you feel if you were krakow ? 
  it 's also funny how you can annex whole europe but try to conquest krakow and suddenly everyone hates you, 
  i overextended as germany and foolishly sent most of my army to conquer the british isles . 
  france declared war to regain some of their territories and russia + austria launched containment war . 
  i lost badly . 
  however , germany is op as fuck and pdm is super imbalanced and just under 8 years i completely rebuilt my military and industry and launched a revenge attack at french . 
  i just hated french so much i decided to occupy their whole territory and just leave it for some time to cripple their industry . 
  after they surrendered , they moved from the 3rd place to 10th in the scoreboard . 
  success !, 
  that comes later . 
  the main point being is that russia and austria did n't have audacity to declare war as soon as the truce ended just to take one territory just as i was rebuilding my military . 
  it seriously pissed me off . 
  plus , france was the one to start the initial war and it has been my main competitor from day one . 
  i just wanted to demolish france to the point of no return . 
  like , i was really mad at them and the whole time rebuilding my military i planned my invasion and sweet sweet revenge . 
  i do n't think france will bother me ever again this game since i split their nation in half . 
  i ca n't drink anything else other than vittel or evian unless i am really thirsty . 
  but the top choices for me now is san pellegrino or perrier ; i am basically addicted to that water . 
  i replaced my soda addiction with mineral water addiction , which is way healthier but way more expensive . 
  so do you merge all the fleet together or you send everything separately ? 
  federation delcared war on another federation without my approval . 
  the only wargoals go to the leader of the federation . 
  why ? 
  when i declared war as a leader , i had to share . 
  so i decided to sit it out a bit but it turns out all the allied fleets stick to my fleet . 
  wtf ? 
  i also do n't understand with whom am i fighting , where are the map modes ? 
  aside from the stupidest warfare , the game is nice . 
  thank you . 
  thank you . 
  you have to be , well , german to create south german federation, 
  when all the hope was lost , the united states came to the rescue !, 
  holy shit , this timelapse made me so hyped for the game . 
  i loved the us invasion in balkans . 
  who likes railroad anyways ? 
  if playing soviet union and operation barbarossa starts or i attack germany myself . 
  this music makes me go and fight the war myself . 
  it 's just occupation zones . 
  in victoria 2 you have the same level of bordergore if you have the great war in europe , you just do n't see it . 
  they should show it more clearly that it is occupation zone and not really sovereign territories , maybe add stripes ? 
  sure , if you have some spare money . 
  i 'd bet further dlcs would be well worth the value . 
  however , i would not buy it if it was n't 23 dollars for me :p, 
  thanks regional pricing, 
  it 's 1954 and it 's a game . 
  there were a lot of wcs in hoi3 ( even from luxembourg ) but nobody complains about those . 
  kingdom of prussia , here i come !, 
  8 may, 
  or is it ? 
  i saved right before the peace conference and reloaded the game , but results were pretty much similar , with yugoslavia taking all the eastern europe, 
  i have to admit , it was n't completely hands off because ai is retarded . 
  china would n't do so well if i had n't simply moved some of their troops to attack instead of standing without any goal . 
  i had to invade japan by myself because after finishing germany , allies decided it would be the best idea to put 200 + divisions around mongolia instead of finishing off japan . 
  i was frustrated so many times just watching ai doing stupid shit in this game . 
  mainly because it is so passive and it never attacks even though it would absolutely win . 
  i saved right before the peace conference and reloaded the game , but results were pretty much similar , with yugoslavia taking all the eastern europe, 
  i have to admit , it was n't completely hands off because ai is retarded . 
  china would n't do so well if i had n't simply moved some of their troops to attack instead of standing without any goal . 
  i had to invade japan by myself because after finishing germany , allies decided it would be the best idea to put 200 + divisions around mongolia instead of finishing off japan . 
  i was frustrated so many times just watching ai doing stupid shit in this game . 
  mainly because it is so passive and it never attacks even though it would absolutely win . 
  repost from my post in / r/paradoxplaza, 
  fellow dubai resident !, 
  switch to du and get vpn , preferably paid one as they tend to throttle everything but internet speedtests . 
  love it . 
  good , short and interesting narrative and first one i 've seen of shattered europe . 
  observer mode is better imo , just switch between countries once in a while . 
  `` france : let 's just abandon italian front !, 
  surely our allies need help on western front !, 
  what could go wrong anyway ? '', 
  result : lost initiative and had to regroup my whole army to france so it does n't capitulate , leaving my forces trapped . 
  btw this is with the beta patch ,, 
  - tweaked front assignment ai . 
  should mean ai is better at multi front wars . 
  sure . 
  x-post from / r/hoi4, 
  yep . 
  sent 4 volunteer divisions , in a week they completely lost all of their supply even though there were little to no troops around . 
  pretty much means axis will completely annex poland and france without any objections from uk&us . 
  good job on their part . 
  7 million ? 
  assuming that you have 20,000 men in one division , that 's 350 divisions you just `` lost '' . 
  i guess you did n't put an army consisting of bulgaria 's entire population in some pocket and left them to die , so the only option left is that it is some bug in casualties display . 
  or you just left 7 million soldiers to die , good job . 
  how come bran and benjen do n't realize that the spells casted on the wall will possibly be undone as soon as bran passes the wall ? 
  it worked in 3er cave , it may work on the wall . 
  benjen might be not what we think he is . 
  oh my god , the eyepatch guy with the beard is so awesome . 
  wow , why nobody told me we have verizon here in russia ? 
  plus , even his log is wrong , here 's the right country name ( russian federation , not russia ) :, 
  so much lebensraum here .
