imagine what could have azeroth become if all the old gods would die . 
  i guess you are talking about high-quality leather , which fake ones do not possess . 
  most of our oligarchs are jewish , large part of politicians in duma are jewish , why people think that we have jew discrimination in russia ? 
  you 'll have no problems in moscow , people will be even kinder to you than to natives . 
  what kind of title and article is this ? 
  i feel like i 'm reading something out of cold war : every sentence is bashing of russians and russia , everything i read about russia on american news sites is purely , solely negative . 
  as much as i dislike putin and our government , i hate the fact that they make regular russians look like stupid brainwashed alcoholics . 
  that 's ... cool , i guess . 
  why do they turn these news into some kind of hate-article about russia ? 
  do n't think about me as some stupid troll or kremlin bot ; all i 'm trying to say that this stuff is overly antagonized . 
  have you ever seen how protective people from the states get when someone says about criminality rates , cia tortures , nsa surveillance ? 
  or how they blame russian media for solely talking shit about the usa ( that 's actually true , i hate our government for that ) when their news outlets do the same thing ? 
  punished ? 
  are you from the ussr or nk ? 
  you ca n't blame people for government propaganda , it is really a shame that people from europe and states dislike people from russia and vice versa . 
  almost all countries , including russia of course , are guilty of pushing their political agenda in mass media and people are the real victims of this crime ; that 's why i 've commented here in the first place . 
  yeah , should have noted that ` some people ' do it ; most of the time americans commenting under such news are level-headed and genuinely want their country to be a better place . 
  to be honest , most russians do n't really understand the role of the usa in ww2 either . 
  history lessons at school , tv , books taught us that russia was particularly the only one to fight and conquer nazis , thus the influence of allied forces on the war is often neglected by russian people , which is sad . 
  imagine * ` lithuanian anti-putin composer murdered in vilnius ' * article . 
  4000 + karma on / r/worldnews , thousands of users commenting on how putin personally kills every oppositioner . 
  fake . 
  took my time to google this law . 
  official scans of the law , no words about sexual preferences ~ ~ or anything on that matter . ~ ~, 
  although many sites say that gays are banned but of course they do not provide any source . 
  ** edit ( thanks to / u/x3al ) : **, 
  transgender people are banned from driving cars as they are falling into personality disorder category . 
  also , to prove that gays are not banned :, 
  can you state the source about transgender people and sexual fetishes ? 
  source from respectable government site or equivalent of it . 
  i see , thanks !, 
  will edit the post . 
  i ca n't use vimeo , it loads a single page for more than 15 seconds , when youtube loads in 0.5 seconds , although the player is good . 
  i dislike the azov battalion and the whole situation in ukraine as much as the any other guy , but why does / r/russia needs this content ? 
  how does it related to russia or russian separatists ? 
  if someone tried , they could make the same comparisons with the us , uk , etc. 
  that is called cherry-picking . 
  transgender people are banned from driving cars as they are falling into personality disorder category which is included in international who classification, 
  also , to prove that gays are not banned :, 
  transgender people are banned from driving cars as they are falling into personality disorder category which is included in international who classification, 
  also , to prove that gays are not banned :, 
  thanks for your ama !, 
  who is your favorite russian author ? 
  can you tell , from your perspective , the conditions of lbgt community in russia ? 
  i 'll sound retarded , but whatever : statistics and images do not apply when in russia . 
  seriously , it 's impossible to represent the whole country with the set of data and graphs . 
  visit russia yourself , as a foreigner you will enjoy it for sure . 
  i heard of russians being assaulted in the us for being russians . 
  where did i hear this ? 
  oh , that does n't matter !, 
  there are certainly some problems with skinheads in smaller , eastern cities but nobody is going to assault european foreigners for sure unless they decide to go to * that * shady part of the city . 
  this is so stupid . 
  i 'm ashamed that instead of quality facts and arguments , russians listen to this shit when there are hundreds of better things to be proud of as a russian citizen . 
  not an american , but i 'll answer anyway :, 
  unless you are going to chant anti-putin slogans and really stick out from the crowd * in a bad way * , you are going to be okay . 
  western expats are safe and welcomed in russia and especially in moscow . 
  just do n't go to shady parts of the city and avoid dark corners of the streets . 
  although learn a little bit of russian , it 'll greatly help you . 
  that 's not actually unrealistic . 
  many flights offer internet and soon enough it 'll be possible to play some dota games on your flight from london to ny without any lags or disconnects . 
  just need to guess right server . 
  what, 
  glad we , russians , do n't have to learn this weird language from scratch :p, 
  corsars anyone ? 
  does he care ? 
  even if he does , i think that in his opinion , everything goes on fine and his foreign policy is decent . 
  soviet/kgb mentality at its finest . 
  maybe in 2024 , maybe . 
  [ the suspense is killing me ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_tgq_s03tpg ), 
  great gazprom suitcase , nice touch :p, 
  finally a mature decision . 
  still , i have suspicions that it was all just a big plan to shift all the hate on ellen pao for making decisions which were coming `` from the top '' . 
  i 'm sorry , but are you sure this is a targeted shadowban on your account and your ip and not just some kind of reddit anti-whatever system accidently banning you ? 
  this will cost you a raid tier . 
  wait , wrong game, 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/1010x, 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/1010x, 
  does anti-abuse and anti-harassment will mean that admins and mods would be able to read your pms ? 
  aside from the golden ring cities , i 'd suggest to visit kazan . 
  beautiful city with magnificent places of interest and rich history , which is also economically developed and tourist friendly . 
  i was there once for 3 days , so i ca n't comment on many aspects of this city , but i really enjoyed the architecture and the general history of the city . 
  he has problems with anxiety , especially on the stage , according to his latest russian interview . 
  how do you pvpers feel about the new honor system ? 
  there 's already lumber in ton of custom games . 
  well , maybe the atm changes it settings when you insert 6-digit pin card , but personally i 've never seen any atm with ' 6-digit ' option . 
  i 'd switch to 4-digit pin . 
  it 's more park gorkovo though , although vdnx is just across the street . 
  2754 ; thanks !, 
  they are above average , for sure . 
  nothing unusual though , there are plenty of girls like that on a decent party . 
  if you have a good , illuminated park nearby , it 's ok . 
  otherwise , i do n't think it 's very common as it is usually very dark and some drunken bidlos can make your jogging experience unpleasant . 
  the break failure happened two times , and after the first time , he went to the dealership and they told him that if it happens again , they 'll replace the car . 
  so , it happened again with his entire familiy in the car and they said something along ` not our problem ' . 
  i guess he had a nervous breakdown and decided to obliterate the car completely . 
  mainly cheese pizza . 
  cs : go for dota ... why ? 
  it 's 10x more time consuming and if you play solo ranked , rip your temper . 
  at least in cs go you can actually carry your team even if one or two people are trash . 
  lol , the world is so small , i ca n't believe we all were playing in the same match !,
