  have you ever/is it even possible to fix the bug related to complete lack of revolts despite high militancy ? 
  do n't want to get personal here , but it 's needed to understand your situation better . 
  you are 37 as far as i understand , and you ( presumably ) have an american degree and a work experience . 
  if you play your cards right , you can get far better job than tutoring here in moscow . 
  and if we are talking about tutoring , if you are actually qualified , you can charge way more than 1000 roubles per hour to teach more privileged moscow citizens , it 's really in demand right now and it 's going to be even more in demand due to government exams in english language after hs becoming obligatory in some years i believe . 
  you are saying that a lot have changed since the 90 's and it will be hard to adapt , but do you understand that russia in the 90 's and russia in 2017 ( especially moscow ) is like two different worlds ? 
  moscow became a truly european city , beautiful and full of life and potential ; honestly , if you live in a city like nyc or london , you 'll get used to moscow just fine , but ( potentially ) with a lot more money in the pocket , because the cost of living is lower than the other ` financial capitals ' . 
  i do n't know why i 'm telling you this , because you 've already travelled to moscow for some time to actually want to move there . 
  and i agree with you , there 's a lot in moscow to fall in love with . 
  ( except winter ), 
  although i kind of find your situation ironic . 
  you are living a dream many russians here have : migrated to the us , got a good education there , got a good , interesting job , a home i suppose . 
  many russians would kill to get to your position , and now you want to move back here . 
  i admire this decision , but you have to think really carefully about this . 
  your american degree and your it work experience would be enough to score a good job here , possibly in an international company which sometimes will ensure you 'll be receiving your salary in usd , making your stay in moscow much more pleasurable . 
  be aware of double taxation though , as i assume you are a citizen of the us . 
  no idea on the tutoring jobs , sorry . 
  also , do n't take my words seriously , i am in no way qualified to give life-deciding advices . 
  what the hell did you do to your game to achieve these results ? 
  that 's insane, 
  except they did n't : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5pmgsm/three_arrested_for_the_rape_that_was_broadcast_on/, 
  it is n't . 
  this policy of yours , actually , will result in global , irreversible economic crisis since you will hoard all the money and there would n't be enough supply from events or gold rgo to meet up with the demand of increased population . 
  do n't expect accurate monetary systems simulator in vic 2 . 
  industrial powerhouse and interesting culture , especially * fun * if you want to be historical in africa . 
  the most anti-russian speech i 've ever heard from lukashenko . 
  that 's really something unheard of , since he has been always extremely supportive and friendly to russia and putin . 
  he talks about how russia broke trade agreements , export promises , how russia closes border with belorussia ` for protection ' ( belorussia is the last country from where terrorists would come from ) and how the kremlin completely ignores belarusian positions in negotiations . 
  he mentions about breaking free from the kremlin , start exporting oil and gas from the west and all type of stuff that should make putin have a very strong concern at the very least . 
  also , the funny thing is that he fully quotes putin , recollects their personal conversations and in one of these instances , he pretty much said : `` well vladimir , you put trump in the white house , now what ? '' . 
  lukashenko and putin have ( or had ) very friendly relations and i bet lukashenko and his intelligence services know a lot about russian foreign affairs , so this quote does say something . 
  i bet putin will be really mad at him later on ... 
  boil it before drinking . 
  theoretically , the moscow tap water should be completely safe and clean , but i really would n't rely on that . 
  in russia , outside of moscow , i would / strongly / advise not to drink tap water ; it 's barely filtered . 
  i 've been to singapore and it 's a great , wonderful place . 
  i really enjoyed the culture , the architecture and the food . 
  from the glance , it seems like a perfect city . 
  can any one of you locals tell the problems you face everyday that would n't be so obvious to a tourist ? 
  thank you !, 
  what 's national service ? 
  do you actually have to fight someone ( i.e. 
  do you have active military deployment ? ), 
  what 's your everyday duties there ? 
  can you somehow dodge the conscription ? 
  my opinion on this :, 
  we 're a very diverse subreddit , all ideologies and nationalities are welcome here ; everyone can find something they like . 
  left and right , pro-brexit and anti-brexit , pro-immigration and anti-immigration are all here on / r/europe in even numbers ; however , they tend to vote and comment under the posts that they think is right , just like in any subreddit . 
  you will always notice a lot of right-wing ideology comments under articles highlighting failures of immigrations policies and failures eu in a whole . 
  i do n't think it 's brigading , it 's just something that people can relate to , not that i agree with that . 
  we 're not an echo chamber like / r/politics or / r/conservative ; i like to think that we are less radical mix of both . 
  i really do n't suggest using weed there , police and people in general are really conservative about this stuff in cis countries like ukraine . 
  more like , `` this person hates immigrants , i wonder what happened to him ? '', 
  then you look at his profile and he lives in the white trailer park , south dakota and he never even left his city in his life , not even talking about the state or country . 
  he never had interactions with any immigrants , muslims , or anyone but his neighbours but yet he somehow formed very strong opinions about people he does n't know . 
  interesting !, 
  my family used to own s500 mercedes . 
  bought in 2007 for \u00b1 150,000 $ , sold in 2016 for 10,000 $ . 
  latest year we were spending up to 1000 $ a month on its maintenance since everything kept breaking . 
  think twice about it , there are reasons these cars go for so cheap . 
  de beers being the only monopolist on the market is n't a thing anymore , by the way . 
  personal opinion :, 
  ` condescending prick ' is not considered an insult . 
  moderators do not have a different set of rules , they are following the same community guidelines users do . 
  they are not obliged to be nice to users , but obviously they are prohibited to break rules . 
  and to be honest , calling people * ` buddy ' * in an argument is pretty condescending . 
   once a moderator uses his green account, 
  this issue has been raised and will be solved internally , i partially agree with your point . 
  aside from that , i completely disagree with your line of reasoning , respectfully . 
  i 'm still confused , what does it mean, 
  playing on the macbook pro , mostly kaiserreich , did not have any crashes at all . 
  does this happen in one instance/game or it happens often enough ? 
  well , think of the massive geopolitical change this would have caused . 
  this is some extreme alternative history , and if you want to be historically accurate , you pretty much have to change the whole game . 
  but seeing this as a mini mod , no big deal about the first point then . 
  i 'd suggest making some serious rivarly with russia , starting from border tensions and ending with `` who is the true orthodox '' question . 
  i 've got food in mcdonalds in my town centre during ramadan . 
  it was business as usual , except all of their lights were off and doors were shut . 
  it 's not that hard to go out to eat during ramadan , trust me . 
  i 'm a huge fan of your mod and the work that the team has done . 
  kaiserreich provided me with countless hours of entertainment to an alt-history fan like myself . 
  i 've some moderating experience , especially related to political neutrality and filtering low-quality posts , as i 'm a moderator of / r/europe , / r/askeurope and subsequent sub-subreddits . 
  however , there is a downside on my part : i do not participate in any other kaiserreich communities but this subreddit , so there might be some problems with that . 
  thanks . 
  thanks / u/lordzarasophos and the kr team , proud to be a member of this community !, 
  all comments are misinformed !, 
  get victoria 2 - heart of darkness from app store only ; you 'll get both dlcs with it . 
  game is patched to 3.04 , so you can play hpm/nwo/cwe without any problems . 
  i 've macbook pro 2016 , played victoria 2 with mods with zero problems whatsoever . 
  no crashes , nothing . 
  steam version does not support mac os . 
  good luck getting into russia . 
  i , russian citizen , with all the valid visas and perfect record , get constantly grilled on the passport control by the migration officers when travelling from dubai . 
  i doubt you can apply for asylum or wiggle your way out of the airport in moscow . 
  i respect your cause though ,, 
  in my soviet union game , i 've put the administrative efficiency on 0 % for the first 60 years . 
  do n't worry about that much , use that money for better industry . 
  interesting fact : the stand says in russian : `` against smoking : exchanging your cigarettes for cotton candy . '', 
  i 've played all three back in mop ; have things changed since then ? 
  warriors i do n't really like as a class , but i can give it a try again .
