  moscow state university anyone ? 
  decided to look at what ai have been up to . 
  this guy is a legend , i guess . 
  when i was getting my passport , the average waiting time is around 2 weeks . 
  pay 100 $ and you 'll get your passport in 3 days . 
  a regular person can actually live in russia/china or other not-so-first world countries , but you are going to wait so , so much . 
  let 's say you are speeding in russia . 
  cop stops you and basically you can do two things : actually fill in all the documents , follow all the procedures , waste 40 minutes and then pay a fine of 50 $ , or you can just hand 50 $ to the cop and be on your way . 
  this applies to pretty much everything in bureaucratic procedures in russia . 
  acp , qhp , yes , i know . 
  i just love the music and the editing . 
  thanks, 
  i decided to master vanilla first and then move on to kaiserreich . 
  thanks for the advice , will try it soon . 
  one moment i am like : `` damn , i feel pretty bad for the escobar '' and then the other moment : `` oh right , he 's a crazy psycho terrorist . '', 
  actually , i noticed that people do not attack each other . 
  i 've met dozens of alliance players and i was killed only once , even though i am on pvp realm and we had all the reasons to fight . 
  we usually just do n't mind each other and quest in peace . 
  legion threat unites us all , i guess . 
  was playing an opportunist - netherlands run , with the only foreign policy rule of ` do whatever germany does and never get into a fight with her . ', 
  never had to do actual warfare since germany did all the work but instead expanded my colonial empire and raised the industrial levels in the netherlands themselves . 
  germany pretty much dismantled all the nations in europe except italy and it never had much of a hardship at all ; that 's what happens when you leave it unchallenged . 
  believe me , you do n't . 
  india is worse though , it has fractured and now divided between independent prince states and colonial states , resulting in some next-level bordergore . 
  thanks , but is it possible to do it on the spot ? 
  not to make an event for a single , already chosen country but to do it in game by just writing the tag of the country ? 
  thank you , that was exactly what i was looking for . 
  rule 5 : as soon as i pressed the ` proceed ' button to accept well-deserved peace , the game crashed for me :(, 
  i got this last time i played , the only solution i came up with is to load the autosave before the crisis even appeared . 
  very annoying bug for sure . 
  went to google and typed ` finland ' in russian and clicked the ` news ' tab . 
  the very first article i see is this : https://ria.ru/defense_safety/20161020/1479642291.html, 
  it tells how russia and finland create the joint agreement to fight crime . 
  the second article tells about the op post , only in russian . 
  other articles tells us about regular business in europe : building pipelines , etc. 
  only one article can be considered aggressive , which tells us about how president of finland and estonia have conversation about russia and its expansionism . 
  i actually feel a bit stupid now . 
  i called apple support and they told me to reboot the phone . 
  apparently i did n't turn it off for 3 weeks straight and it somehow killed touch id . 
  everything works fine now , thanks everyone !, 
  it probably represents all the other factors that happened when st petersburg was constructed : westernization , making russia relevant on the world stage , rebuilding army and the navy ; it was pretty much the golden age for russia . 
  may/early june is perfect for the first visit . 
  may 9 is a great choice , since the weather is guaranteed to be great thanks to some aviation magic and you get to see one of the world 's biggest military parades , although there 's going to be a lot of people and you may not get to see it in its full glory . 
  plus in may ( and summer as a whole ) , everyone is really friendly and you can actually see people smiling . 
  christmas or winter time in general is a whole other story . 
  for me , moscow in winter and in summer are two completely different places . 
  in winter , people are generally less happy and the environment around you can get depressing . 
  the general exception is the several weeks before new year and the new year itself since moscow will get decorated in really beautiful lights , christmas trees all over place , there are public events and new year markets and the city itself is covered in a beautiful layer of snow which can be amazing unless you live in a similar snowy country . 
  i 'd suggest may for the first trip and late december for the second one . 
  the next revolt in beijing is going to be in 666.6 years . 
  some spooky stuff here !, 
  sweden sees me as their little cute vassal and tries to be protective , even though i am three times stronger than him in military and in everything else pretty much . 
  reminds me of my life . 
  also , ignore the ottomans , i am trying to suppress my memories of them in this game and not pay attention to this horrible blob . 
  it 's a normal game but i am only around 20 hours into eu4 so i am not good at this . 
  ottomans are the bane of my existence right now and i have no idea what to do with them since european nations are weak and constantly fighting between each other and i am in no position to fight them off alone . 
  funny how riga has everything but the riga province . 
  i also renamed riga to velikiy and culture converted it so now it 's glorious russian clay . 
  i 'd also like to say that real estate in moscow , especially center area , can arguably be a great investment . 
  prices are low and future expectations are high . 
  the economy will inevitably recover in some time and the real estate prices will ( hopefully ) return to their previous glory , but the thing that never changes is that moscow is a magnet for every person in ex - soviet republics ; in the region , there 's literally no place like moscow there and there wo n't be for a very long time . 
  i think this sub just consists of very low quality users , no offense to anyone . 
  i have no idea why that happens but every time there 's a serious discussion , it quickly devolves into senseless jokes and shitposting . 
  most posts are also low quality bs . 
  moderation is the biggest problem here , it is extremely weak and biased towards some power-users here . 
  i ca n't stand this sub and its culture right now , sorry . 
  / u/gummers fix this, 
  it 's always been like this . 
  moderators have no policy on this sub and people have no idea what to post here . 
  it 's always been low quality , just compare this sub to / r/singapore for example . 
  both represent a wealthy , big and multicultural city , however , one is filled with low quality questions , questionable articles and shitposts and another somehow has great discussion and interesting articles about their city . 
  sorry , have n't clarified my point well enough . 
  more on the mods here : https://www.reddit.com/r/dubai/comments/5ck310/make_rdubai_great_again/d9xjvq6/, 
  i might get some flac here , but i think the main problem is the general population of the subreddit . 
  right now , i think the average user in / r/dubai is not really educated to talk about serious topics , while more engaged people just abandoned this subreddit when they saw its state . 
  it 's just a death spiral from now on and the fact that mods allow the sub to degrade only worsens the situation . 
  it 's just that dubai itself does n't have a large , americanized population of educated young people from 18 - 25 which is usually reddit 's prime base , so the sub should cater to different population , but i think it chose a wrong one . 
  very good points , i covered some of those here : https://www.reddit.com/r/dubai/comments/5ck310/make_rdubai_great_again/d9xkj69/, 
  to add , i actually do n't think that hands off moderation does any good to this subreddit . 
  but it 's your subreddit and i 'm in no position to dictate what you should do . 
  honestly , i just want a platform to have a good discussion with fellow dubai residents . 
  i 've also been to singapore and it is such a great city , filled with absolutely wonderful people . 
  since i came to singapore straight from dubai , i found myself comparing two cities very oftenly , and honestly , singapore is just so much culturally advanced than dubai will ever be . 
  do n't get me wrong , dubai is great , but singapore has something that made me feel like home , like i belong , while i never got this feeling in dubai . 
  why you have to be so negative ? 
  i just made a typo , 
  i do n't see the point of going to ski dubai when where i 'm from it 's pretty much ski dubai everywhere 60 % of the year , 
  quite simple actually : trump has promised to unleash oil industry in the us to its full potential , thus the oil prices have been falling , thus the rouble depreciates . 
  you were looking for new mods ? 
  just yesterday i was searching the latest threads , trying to find application requests or something , guess it was clandestine vote or something :p, 
  welcome new mods !, 
  the link is private for me . 
  anyway , sucks i missed out this time , hope you 'll be recruiting again some time in the future , 
  gp rankings please ? 
  who would go to a party without alcohol ? 
  especially if we 're talking about high-school kids lol, 
  brother , i can have fun outside of parties , but it is different kind of fun . 
  op talking about how to make money on parties and i wo n't pay any money for alcohol-free party for sure . 
  fyi : there is no sense for it to be a russian propaganda , putin and erdogan had good , friendly ties for at least half a year now . 
  does this apply for planned economy / communist states as well ?
