  rogues in mop were all about sudden bursts from invis ; at least sub rogue . 
  frost mages were pretty consistent as far as i remember , but actually really boring . 
  have n't tried any other spec . 
  i do n't play hunters , so ca n't say anything about them . 
  i am not competitive . 
  i am just looking for a spec i would enjoy playing , occasionally pvping . 
  just logged in to my 90 lvl boomkin and found out the rotation pretty enjoyable actually . 
  question : what happened with the ` stars ' glyph ? 
  i do n't want to be a boomkin all the time , i really liked the glyph which made your character glowy instead of transforming you . 
  you can extend the timeline to last until 1945 if you really want to finish your business properly and i suggest you do . 
  that actually makes sense , since i figured it was way different when the content was current . 
  so the best way to proceed is to go through the main storyline ? 
  a simple transmog i made to shift away from typical black rogue colors . 
  i used search to find some tactics and faqs and most of them were outdated due to bnw . 
  i 've got couple of questions . 
  1 ) i 've read here that honor is basically crap and should n't be taken unless some very , very situtational occurenses . 
  is this still true ? 
  2 ) and i 'd like to know the tactics for science victory for bnw . 
  i 've heard about some gp stacking and something else , but did n't find enough information about that . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks . 
  according to ru cast, 
  nb : i have all important dlcs, 
  i 've read some information here and there and decided to play as sweden on my first playthrough . 
  i 've completed tutorial and watched some videos so i did n't really struggle with ui much , however , i 've struggled with some decisions on how to develop my nations and wage wars . 
  questions :, 
  what is the best use of national focuses ? 
  do i attract craftsmen for the factories or do something else completely ? 
  when do i start building factories ? 
  which factories are the best for me ? 
  how do i tech up ? 
  i 've been using this https://i.imgur.com/vwd7jug.png guide , is it correct ? 
  what 's so special about colonization ? 
  when should i start colonizing ? 
  how can i increase life thing which restricts me from creating colonies mid-africa ? 
  what are the best troops for offensive wars ? 
  dragoons or hussars or ... ? 
  nobody wants to ally me as i 'm already a great power and everyone has at least 1 great power in their allies . 
  what do i do ? 
  also , there was a weird situation : i 've declared war on egypt to get some provinces from him and beforehand , i checked his allies : oman and some other minor countries . 
  however , a week later , the uk joins the war and completely wrecks me . 
  how did it happen ? 
  thanks, 
  even though i 'm not from us , i still have a question that 's been bothering me for a while . 
  i 've read about the situation where after their meal , some people put 10 $ on the table as a tip and left . 
  soon after , a guy walks in and pockets the cash . 
  of course , staff starts complaining but the guy simply says that he ` found ' that money and it does n't belong to anyone . 
  is it still a theft ? 
  if yes , then from whom ? 
  thanks, 
  for 8 years i 've played on interlude on private servers ; i know pretty much everything about these chronicles . 
  however , when i try to look into the later chrons , i get really confused about smaller things which are not really documented officially . 
  1 / how do you level up ? 
  are levelling locations still the same ? 
  2 / what is a gearing process ? 
  is it even worth to buy sub-s grade stuff ? 
  what is top grade gear ? 
  3 / shirts , belts , capes ? 
  what is this ? 
  how do you get this stuff ? 
  3 / what are the best support classes ? 
  damage dealers ? 
  in it it was always pp , ee for supports and spellsingers + hawkeyes for dds . 
  4 / are epics still the same ? 
  do they still hold the same value ? 
  5 / what are transformations ? 
  are there any use to them ? 
  6 / what are talismans ? 
  7 / how come people can enchant skills up to 15 + ? 
  in it you are literally top 0.1 % if you enchant your skills to 11, 
  9 / did it become more easier to get active skill from augmentation ? 
  10 / is it easier to enchant items now ? 
  sorry for so many questions , but it is really hard to find the answers on google about these subjects . 
  my earphones are messed up and now randomly pressing pause button , resulting in random pauses and song switches . 
  before you say i already tried activator and it does n't work as intended . 
  i put ` do nothing ' on both short hold and single press and it does n't work at all ; i even tried to put another function but it does n't respond to it either . 
  thank you . 
  so i started wormhole species but i have no idea and i ca n't find out how to build wormhole stations, 
  enlighten me , please ? 
  basically i forgot to close the water bottle before putting it into the bag where my macbook was . 
  as soon as i realized that , i pulled out the macbook but it was already too late since the water was spilled already . 
  desperately i tried turning it on but obviously it did n't work . 
  since i 'm not from the us and in my country there is no official apple store , i had to resort to third party repair services . 
  so i handed it to them and like 5 days later they tell me that the repair cost would be around 1700 dollars , where macbook 2015 is worth around 1200 ? 
  i think . 
  the point is that i do n't really trust these guys with having the fairest prices . 
  so is it possible that water could ruin the laptop so much that the repair price is higher than the retail price ? 
  considering that only minimum amount of liquid got into the laptop , i did n't throw it into the pool or anything . 
  thanks, 
  after getting bored with hoi4 , i decided to follow advice of many people here and got darkest hour . 
  the problem is that i have no idea what i am doing there as there is so much stuff to click around and there are no proper guides about general game strategy : what techs are more crucial , what units are better , etc. 
  moreover , there are no good let 's plays on this game which is a huge bummer , since let 's plays were the only way i learned how to play ck2 and victoria 2 . 
  my main questions are : which scenario to pick first ? 
  which nation to pick for a beginner ? 
  what techs should be prioritized and what units should be built ? 
  i 've been avid smoker and snuser for a long time , however , right now snus is not available in my country so i decided to get the dipping tobacco . 
  bought skoal original and i have no idea what am i doing . 
  with snus it was super easy and convenient , here , i am super confused . 
  my main question is how the hell do you actually keep all the tobacco ? 
  i tried smashing the shit out of the box or whatever but still when i try to take it out , it falls apart like sand .
