   some of us do not like to walk blindfolded . 
  no , you prefer to just walk with your eyes shut and fingers in your ear , shouting `` only facts that conform with my view are legitimate !! '', 
  you really need to get off your high-horse . 
  if you think 70 years under a nuclear umbrella so you could develop the worlds leading hi-tech manufacturing economy needs to go away soon , i 'm sure you 'll find a bunch of americans who 'd agree with you . 
  yeh you really are on a personal crusade to `` combat brexit at every turn '' it would seem . 
  your comment history is essentially just a giant freak-out since 23/6, 
  y' all can all just join as separate states in the us !, 
  well since the us was founded by english corporations , is it really that surprising ? 
   it hurts business . 
  as in , it makes them uncompetitive since they damn sure do n't compete on the technological side . 
  face it : most european populations are pretty hostile to the us . 
  ttip in and of itself was not that bad of an agreement . 
   uh , are you british or american ? 
  really ca n't tell . 
  i try to be deliberately confusing in that regard ahahah . 
  i 'm both . 
   but more to the point : i 'm sympathetic to that line of someone 's -- the uk should be prepared to go to war together with the u.s. , but not as the u.s. 
  ( i.e. , should maintain independent capability . ) . 
  i totally agree . 
  even tho i 'm a dual citizen , i do n't think the uk should just bow to the us whenever it demands it . 
  so we should just continue the status quo because people ambiguously think we might lose out . 
   we have n't left yet so of course not much will change but that 's the problems right there . 
  remainers are now content to say `` poppycock ; no one said that ! '', 
  where there are so many examples of them saying exactly that ; even d cam !, 
  here are a bunch of reputable media outlets saying exactly that - literally none of it has come to pass when they were predicting immediate collapse after the leave vote : http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-britain-eu-ubs-idukkcn0w211k https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/jun/20/brexit-crash-pound-living-standards-george-soros yes , the same george soros that fucked us with the erm - not exactly someone who strikes me as having the best intention for the uk http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/eu-referendum-brexit-britain-in-2025-if-we-leave-eu-a7069476.html it was all scary stories and completely fucked . 
  to say different is purposefully being misleading and lying . 
   i asked my mum to watch a 30min video of a guy who studied eu law for 15 years and because he said he did interviews on the remainers side ( he said he was a remainer too for transparancy ) and for the bbc she said `` he was paid by those 2 so i do n't believe anything he says . '', 
  great . 
  that 's anecdotal . 
  are you seriously implying that all 17,000,000 leavers thought/think that way ? 
   basically because both organizations got an expert to give their opinion ( you know the thing people say they should have done more of ) should be ignored . 
  i ca n't speak to that . 
  nor will i defend the cult of anti-intellectualism so prevalent on all sides of the debate . 
  i voted leave having a well-informed opinion of what the eu is , and what leaving it entails . 
   i am a remainer and i knew about this . 
  good job lol , most did n't - just like most leavers have no fucking clue . 
   do n't try and make all remainers look stupid perhaps your side should show the same courtesy !, 
  i made both sides look bad , because not one side has been truthful throughout this entire process . 
   leavers believed lies . 
  as did remainers . 
  did the economy collapse immediately ? 
  did osbourne institute a punishment budget ? 
  can even half of remainers explain why staying in the eu is a good thing instead of just using the status quo argument ? 
  i 'm sorry if what i say offended you , but its the reality : both sides muddied the waters , and any attempt to say `` yeh but they 're worse '' really just exemplifies the partisanship . 
  yeh i think i got them mixed up tbf lol, 
   but we 're definitely not `` meh '' i mean , in terms of what we had only 30 years ago we definitely are ( as in , only relative comparisons ) . 
  however , you 're right . 
  the type 26 destroyer is definitely not something to be taken lightly . 
  furthermore , our navy is so integrated into the usn now - and its really unforseeable that we would n't operate with the usn in any future expeditions - that the force multipliers reinforce us immeasurably . 
  everything you can think of is integrated with the usn . 
   the entire thing looks very discouraging from our viewpoint . 
  and i see that , canada had laboured for nearly a decade to get this deal ( with a mind to the uk specifically ) . 
  however - while it may take a few more years of back and forth - i think that the uk finally has a chance to rectify the betrayal of the 70s where they left the dominions to flounder by joining the ec and ripping up all the various trade treaties we had . 
  ultimately , it 's the uk 's that needs to make the first moves to go out and seek mutually beneficial trade deals with the former dominions and i think that the uk-side should be willing to give more concessions to canada/aus/nz to curry favour . 
  there is a chance here for all parties ( mentioned above ) to gain - not just economically . 
  if played out right , canada could gain another close political partner that does n't make them so reliant on the us - i envision things like the uk helping ( with our `` meh '' navy ) patrolling the canadian arctic with canada to enforce their claims . 
  a small example , but it 's the direction i 'd like to see things go . 
   the uk still has n't forwarded us a copy of a tree-trade treaty because that would be opening up formal negotiations with canada - which is technically illegal under eu law . 
  all this fanfare in the uk about `` we 're doing this with no planning ! '', 
  is utter horseshit . 
  the eu made it illegal to even begin planning a departure from the eu , so the very idea that anything could 've been done without a giant leap into the unknown is asinine and really reveals how remainers know absolutely fuck-all in regards to eu law . 
  not saying leavers are any better ; they have their own asinine bullshit . 
  cunts is actually not as usable over here as the uk . 
  * officially triggered *, 
  yeh right ? 
  salazar seems like quite a stretch when you have awesome people like henry the navigator !, 
  i would n't exactly be extolling the loss of that many seats as a victory, 
  oh like the last time they were `` guaranteed to win '' lol, 
  so you think that he 's not a shady bankster ? 
  nice attempt at discrediting through ad hominem . 
   juncker it 's what you get when you have a drunken bankster leading something, 
  i mean , going for domination of europe twice in 50 years is enough to pull out the `` same material '' again and again , jking :p, 
  what system was the incumbent german system based on ? 
  this is exactly my point . 
  this guys ' got it all figured out lads, 
   the electoral system of the us is outdated seems to have worked for the past 150 years or so ( bar the civil war ) . 
  germany 's system ? 
  not so much . 
   to show that an economic alliance was critical as a deterrent to future wars within europe this meme needs to die . 
  it was n't the eu that prevented war in europe since ww2 ( in fact there have been two wars since then ) - it is nato . 
  end of discussion . 
  i mean , this 'll last for a grand total of maybe 3 days before a court overrules the fcc and then net neutrality is restored . 
  so i would n't exactly get a on a high horse lol . 
  this is so garish and awful lol, 
  great , so you resort to hurling adolescent insults when you do n't understand : the mark of a true scholar . 
   and what are you actually trying to say ?? 
  you say `` dublin will get finance jobs from brexit '' i say `` do those jobs mean anything if ireland loses more jobs and revenue from not having unfettered access to the uk market '' . 
  then you respond by calling me and idiot . 
  so yeh , conversation done . 
  what i 'm saying is very straightforward . 
  sorry that understanding basic conversations is a problem for you . 
  perhaps you should n't comment on the internet ? 
   thats why ive tried to use small words and short sentences again , you 're such a scholar !, 
  thanks for revealing your true nature ; you are now blocked . 
  now piss off . 
   i do n't see where i said all ... then how is it in any ways positive if it wo n't end up with more jobs for irish workers - not expats moving in ? 
   maybe if people like you put the preconceptions down and read what was being said situations like brexit mighten happen lol you realise you 're talking to someone who voted leave and stands by it yes ? 
   imo yes by the end of brexit if the uk keeps going the path it is going the proliferation of the uk financial services sector could offset the negative affects of loss of revenue from increased tariffs if you actually think dublin could manage all of the uk 's financial services with their current ( or even projected infrastructure over the next 30 years ) , and then have enough to offset loss of exports to the uk then you 're beyond delusional . 
  are we talking about ireland here or not ? 
  answer the question .
