  will it offset losses in ireland in all the other sectors ? 
  could n't give a rat 's ass about your shitty attempt at deflection . 
  fine lets get in the weeds then . 
  1000 jobs to dublin ? 
  will that offset the predicted losses in other sectors from tariff-only access to the uk with brexit ? 
   oh god jp mogan and 23 others are running this as a pr game says the guy who does n't undersand what pr is . 
  yes this would be a good time for you to leave the conversation as you grasp this whole concept as well as a toddler . 
  your argument boils down to `` the newspapers and their backers are telling me that they 've had enough of london and are moving to dublin ! '' . 
  google how many times hsbc has threatened to leave the uk . 
  it 's about once every year . 
   i take the word of experts and leaders in their field than someone just stating categorical falsehoods who you insult because you 're intellectually bankrupt and have to rely on banksters ( ya know , the types who deliberately spread misinformation to impact stock values and pressure governments into what they want to happen ) as your `` source of information '' . 
  give me a fucking break . 
  you trust people who crashed the economy then made taxpayers foot the bill ... . . and you act like they 're a source to be trusted . 
  jog the fuck on mate . 
   jp.morgan and others literally stated that the volume of business leaving will be based solely on what the eu wants . 
  which means absolutely nothing - do you understand how pr works ? 
  clearly not . 
  sorry your brain ca n't handle the level of computation necessary to understand the basic realities of the modern era . 
  `` solely on what the eu wants '' ? 
  you mean the organization that does n't want us leaving ? 
  you also seem to think that these banksters are fawning over the financial transaction tax - which btw will definitely be law of the land in the eu within 5 years . 
  how would ireland fare then ? 
   no it 's the jp morgan statement from today i 've mentioned mutliple times . 
  if you actually think that there will be a wholesale movement of the financial industry in london to ireland , you 're delusional . 
  you are aware that this industry is over 5 centuries old in london right ? 
  what makes you think dublin can actually cater to 100s of 1000s of financial professional ( legal , accounting , trading etc ) without the infrastructure there ? 
  you think this shit pops up over night ? 
  again , height of delusion . 
  sure dublin will get *** some *** jobs but will they offset the loss in other jobs from exporting to the uk ( both job numbers and physical taxes taken ) ? 
  unless you can prove that it will , your points are meaningless  so yea you are so full of shit it 's funny least you suit your name i guess this really exemplifies when someone is failing in their argument : they use my self-deprecating username to insult me lololololololololol !!!!!!!, 
  do you understand how stupid that is ? 
  and your evidence is conjecture and anecdotal bollocks lol !, 
  all your claims are baseless assertions and your personal prejudices . 
  jog on mate . 
   you know what the majority of out population feel how exactly ? 
  you run a poll did you ? 
  http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/politics/we-wont-be-part-of-any-eu-army-says-flanagan-35028170.html well your elected government thinks very differently from you - fancy that !, 
   you really think all trade with the uk stops after exit ? 
  cause that 's the bases of your point . 
  obviously not . 
  but if you actually think the agricultural tariffs between the uk and the eu will give enough leeway for irish producers ( who like the whole global food business , operate on razor thin margins ) to be profitable , you 're delusional . 
  you really think that mainland europe is desperate for the all the irish cheddar that england buys ? 
  obviously ireland will rejig its economy to confront the new realities but to think that it can to return to the celtic tiger era without the uk in the eu is ludicrous . 
   i want the army most of your fellow citizens do n't though . 
  and ireland is going to be fucked by the uk leaving . 
  politically , ireland has lost its single greatest ally in preserving its much-vaunted neutrality ( good luck preventing an eu army that ireland will have to contribute men and resources to ) and economically , well , the proof is in the pudding as they say ( good luck finding other markets for your very specific agricultural niches ) . 
  if there was economic sense for ireland to trade more with the eu already , then ireland would already be trading more with the eu . 
  once the uk leaves , ireland might lose unfettered access to british markets which would be a calamity of epic proportions . 
  for realz . 
  its a safe space for salty remainers at this point ; which is a real shame because there is no rational conversation to be had . 
  i 've sort of given up on / r/uk and made / r/scotland the new home of my banter - because / r/scotland is pretty much just all banter with a right old bunch of cunts haha . 
  just salty , snotty nosed uni students ... the lot of them !, 
  but seriously , i 'm not too keen on the eu but i find far more objective commentary and opinions in this sub than that one ... . which says a lot . 
  people have made many rational arguments here which have made me reconsider things about the eu - in / r/uk not so much . 
  dear god , imagine we had a competent person like brown leading us now ? 
  that would assuage a lot of my fears with a tory-led brexit . 
  say what you will about blairism , brown was a competent bastard who wisely kept us out of the euro , and did far more than dave the pig fucker to rectify the ramifications of the gfc in britain . 
  but we both have lovely slurs for each other - its part and parcel of being frenemies for so long !, 
  i keep saying this to people - its actually terrifying the level of doublethink going on the halls of brussels . 
  wait one minute ... . were n't they only `` temporary '' ? 
   although the eu has the advantage of more integration no for sure , the level of integration in the eu is unsurpassed . 
   you are commenting on my comment tree it 's actually reddit 's comment tree you troglodyte . 
   read trade block learn to spell you shitlord  the eu is the biggest trade block in the world in terms of volume of goods and services wrong you cretin , that would be nafta that 's worth over $ 21,000,000,000,000 . 
   you linking a list of countries by gdp means dick shit . 
  that 's why i refer to nafta . 
  face it ; you 're an idiot . 
   you inbread pice of crap learn to type . 
  you 're calling me inbred , and then proceed to spell it wrong , demonstrating how you 're inbred . 
  and its a misnomer saying `` the eu is the biggest single market in the world ! '', 
  since it is the only one . 
  y' all used to say `` we 're the biggest economy in the world !!! '', 
  but then the us overtook the eu . 
  and now with britain leaving , it most definitely wo n't be in the running for that title . 
   eu is definitely not number one in retards , that palce belongs to great ` murica . 
  nice attempt to deflect from your shitty point . 
   and stop your failed troling using the fifis rhetoric . 
  says the guy called edgyvirgin who is just shitposting and calling people retards - like a snotty nosed child . 
  ok pal - now please fuck off you tosspot . 
  you tried saying the eu was `` the biggest something '' and you got schooled . 
  now fuck off back to the cesspit you came from . 
   my fifis are fine tard face did your mummy just let you start using a computer ? 
  you 're just so edgy !, 
   i 'll let you know when you need to be . 
  ambiguous statement is ambiguous . 
  ultimately , you 're a mug if you think the eu is # 1 in anything . 
  wow you 're so edgy . 
  sorry your fi-fi 's are hurt . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal ) you lost mate , jog on . 
  the eu is not the biggest anything in the world . 
  sorry your euro fi-fi 's have been hurt . 
  and what does single market mean ? 
  same thing as a national market ? 
  so the us economy is bigger than the eu ? 
  cheers / u/heknarf , i was getting confused, 
  it reminds of us of our favourite time period : the war . 
  you 're playing with fire here boyo, 
  the eu seems hellbent on cutting off its nose to spite its face . 
  the uk chose to leave - as is its democratic right - why is the eu trying to force an economic meltdown over spite ? 
  feels over reals right m8 ? 
  downvoted for false response,
