  she says , from britain ... which is an island ( i.e not on continental europe ) . 
  something something europe defending itself is laughable, 
  excellent reasoning, 
   do n't worry , when nato is gone , we 'll be fine . 
  you mean , nato , the organisation that britain most definitely wo n't be leaving ? 
  you 're so funny !, 
  with absolutely no grounding in reality , you make crass generalizations . 
  there 's the well thought-out response i 've come to expect from you edit : it must be very sad knowing you lost the referendum, 
  because - again - europeans looking after their own security has worked out so well the past 5,000 years . 
  welcoming the end of nato as a brit ( which you are ) is akin to wishing germany had won ww2 . 
  if you actually think the yanks do n't prevent europe from breaking down into fighting again , then you 're delusional . 
  the eu did n't bring peace in europe after ww2 , it was nato . 
   yeah people did say that . 
  great . 
  you found a bunch of racist nutjobs and branded every leave supporter as one . 
  no irony there at all . 
   and yeah , the do n't bring anything . 
  please continue misrepresenting what i 'm saying to fit your bullshit narrative . 
   whereas look at nato ; us , uk , turkey ... not a particularly great looking club right now . 
  so the us , uk , and turkey should just leave nato ? 
  because continental europeans looking after themselves has always worked out so well in the past . 
  literally no one said that lol . 
  ever thought that the people you label as racists do n't actually care where the people are from but more importantly what they bring to the country ? 
  oh so politico - the insiders publication for the beltway - say 's we all agree that merkel is the leader of the free world . 
  well that 's settled then !, 
  on another note , i used to read their free copies handed out in dc - but that 's because i 'm a political nerd . 
  yeah i understand the chronology of the eu - from its beginnings as the european steel & coal community all the way to now ; thanks . 
  the eu : the supranational political organization founded at the treaty of maastricht in 1992 is a trade deal ? 
  ok cheers pal . 
  no , the trade deal you refer to is the common market which is what the eu evolved from - ya know the thing the eu was when it was the ec and not the political beast it is now . 
   no sorry , but australia is not a major economy . 
   so its literally just canada . 
  um no - they 're nearly the same size - we 're talking minuscule differences ( relatively ) . 
   also the eu has more free trade deals both in total numbers and % of world trade than the usa . 
  so you are just full of shit . 
  and you 're an asshole . 
  sorry i damaged your fragile european ego . 
   who the eu is a free trade deal of the usa does n't have , and the uk also wo n't . 
  oh you mean the free trade deal that france and germany did n't want and britain was doing all the backchannel work to goad the yanks into ? 
  good luck negotiating a deal with the yanks now that the biggest advocate for it has left the eu . 
   you want to play that game ? 
  what the game where france decides rules over the uk ? 
  no thanks bruv . 
   i will inform you of the over 700 agreements the eu holds for the uk with 168 other countries , among them 27 ftas with 38 countries . 
  have fun renegotiating those and then getting new ones too . 
  you 're just salty we 're leaving . 
  i 'm not arguing that brexit is n't going to be a shit show , more that your hyperbolic assertions are exactly that : hyperbolic . 
  your maliciousness over the whole thing reveals why brexit happened in the first place ; y u so salty bro ? 
   eu states have free trade arrangements with all other states through the common market . 
  and it 's intellectually dishonest to say the eu has a free trade deals with its member states since its member states make up the eu . 
   the fact that you 're doing that shows that you do n't comprehend the basic structure of the eu . 
  oh and you do ? 
  so does the usa have free trade deals with all of its constituent states ? 
  do you know how silly that sounds ? 
   if you take the g20 countries , any eu members currently has a free trade deals with 11 ( uk , germany , italy , spain , mexico , france , turkey , italy , south korea , switzerland , netherlands ) , lol wut ? 
  so the eu has a trade deal with france , germany , italy ? 
  the us has a trade deal with california bro !, 
  what an absurd point . 
   by comparison , the usa only has trade deals with 3 g20 countries , canada , mexico and south korea uh no . 
  australia as well . 
  plus quite a few more . 
   more than any other country or trading block on the planet has haha ok pal . 
  ultimately , that was the trope that was wheeled out repeatedly during the brexit vote `` the eu has so many trade deals !!! '' . 
  it has a few trade deals , but if you actually think mexico and south korea outnumbers canada , mexico , australia , and south korea then you 're nuts ( us fta ) :p, 
   so you 'd rather have employment be lower then ? 
  i do n't get what you 're getting at . 
  it 's an observation that the article in question is a feel good piece as opposed to something that is actually newsworthy . 
   if it 's growing it 's growing and that 's good news . 
  i agree , but i feel focusing on this as opposed to the chronic under-employment through the eurozone is the wrong lesson to draw post-2008 . 
  the article makes no mention of the crazy youth unemployment affecting the eu . 
  i would n't exactly be harping on about `` all the trade deals britain will lose when it leaves the eu '' when said trade deals barely cover  25 % of the world economy . 
  just my two pence/cents , 
  so it only took 9 years to recover ... . . great job bureaucrats !, 
  this really underscores to me how little pompous civil servants actually affect the economy ... ... let 's not get into politicians :p, 
  no dude lol i 've from the beginning said that this story is bs because the absolute numbers have returned to the same levels as 2008 , while the population has increased meaning that the employment rate has n't changed ... . meaning this is a non-story . 
   the employment rate will touch a new record high in the next quarters . 
  it 's sure . 
  i did n't think trump was going to be elected yet here we are !, 
  i read what you wrote down , but the article is talking about absolute numbers not proportional . 
  trying to inject the argument of proportionality into a conversation over absolute numbers is ... . to put it lightly , asinine . 
  ok no one is understanding me here . 
  this is a non-story . 
  it took us 9 years to achieve the same absolute employment numbers as in 2008 while the working age population has grown . 
  this is not something to be happy about . 
   i.e. 
  touching a new record high . 
  while the absolute population numbers have increased , thereby undermining that the overall employment rate has improved since 2008 ( it has n't ) . 
  ultimately y' all can keep spinning this however you want , but this is a non-story ( i.e feel good propaganda ) . 
  still - there are more working-age people than in the last quarter of 2008 . 
  um no dude , maybe had you read the article you would remember this point :  in absolute terms , 154.8 million people were employed in the euro zone in the first quarter , the highest number ever recorded and surpassing the previous peak in the first quarter of 2008 , eurostat said . 
  did you literally just accuse me of not reading the article , then made a snarky comment ; when you have n't actually read the article ? 
  lol !, 
  even if we made cuts , they were probably purely superficial . 
  again , i do n't fault countries for wanting to preserve food supplies through direct control of their domestic ag market - it just gets stupid when ( for example ) the eu does something like bans sugar cane imports to subsidize their sugar beet industry . 
  the reality of this policy is that it prevents third world producers from exporting an easy cash crop i.e an easy path to the next stage of development . 
  farming and agricultural are extremely emotive issues ; its no surprise the western countries did n't want to make cuts . 
  this all from that saying : `` a country is only three missed meals away from armed revolution '', 
  but has the population increased since 2008 yes or no . 
  if it has , then great !, 
  it only took us 9 years to return to same absolute numbers of employment ; even though the population has increased !,
