abolish refugee policies , do n't interfere in future mena conflicts , little or absolutely none welfare benefits for non-eu citizens ( especially non-working non-nationals ) , crack down on mosques known for spreading wahabist or salafist ideologies , tougher stance towards crime , immediate deportations for criminal non-nationals . 
  are you going to reverse the shitfest that came from decades of unchecked immigration and leniency towards muslim extremism because we still hate ourselves over nazism and colonialism ? 
  no , but you can stop it from going even further . 
   really though , what is to come ? 
  i never see anyone discussing any concrete and direct solutions to this problem . 
  there is nothing to come , there is no solution . 
  i am watching portuguese live news right now , and they 've got a panel of `` experts '' on live feed . 
  what does one of them say ? 
  `` whether this was a terrorist attack or not , we must not the far right take advantage of it . '', 
  this is the state europe is in right now . 
  islamist attack after attack after attack , failed integration , failed refugee policies , rocketing crime and rape rates , but we 're only worried about the far right boogeyman . 
  i 'm sick of this shit . 
   we just have to get on with our lives and deal with it . 
  there is no solution to terrorism other than maybe deporting all muslims which of course would be incredibly stupid . 
  ah yes . 
  let 's sit and do nothing . 
  those darned eurocentrists are at it again, 
  i think the us as a whole are a shithole . 
   those countries are not a very good example those countries are what most portuguese people perceive as the most developed countries and the most desirable countries to live in , which is backed by polls and our emigration data . 
  so what you as an individual think about what constitutes `` european ideals '' does n't matter at all , because you 're the one who made the false claim that sweden is seen as ideal `` in portugal . '', 
  for reference , not a single nordic country appears in the 20 most popular migration destinations for portuguese people . 
  so again , by `` in portugal '' you mean some whiny drivel about how you like sweden . 
  go to malmo and then talk to me again . 
  most portuguese migrants would consider switzerland or luxembourg to be the pinnacle of western development . 
   sweden ( and the nordics ) comes up in top in most measurements about life quality , democracy etc. 
  absolutely agree , and maybe a decade ago i would also have thought sweden to be one of , if not the most developed country on earth . 
  but i do n't think the same of sweden in 2017 , and i think he 's being dishonest by claiming most people do . 
   please punish the uk - we deserve it for being so stupid . 
   go germany and france !, 
  i pledge my allegiance to these two fine countries . 
  fuck the uk christ what a whiny baby . 
   sweden has the image of being the most perfect country in the western world . 
  really ? 
  where ? 
  in most people 's eyes , sweden is a formerly amazing and safe social democracy that is now dealing with the ugly side of unmitigated non-eu immigration . 
  hardly `` the most perfect country in the western world '' . 
  `` these two extremely safe countries ca n't be used as examples because they have very strict laws on crime and immigration '' thanks for proving our point . 
  sure poverty increases crime inside a culture , but ultimately which culture is the issue here . 
  you can go to the poorest areas of singapore or japan and they 'll still have lower crime rates than any multicultural european city . 
   pensioners and disabled people yeah mate , those swedish grannies setting police cars on fire and raping people all around . 
  schulz is a remarkably ugly , greasy , eery looking man . 
  if he ever wanted to give acting a try , he would be a perfect cast for some pedophile type role in a crime/mystery flick . 
  bavaria strong !, 
  no breaks on the schulz-macron propaganda machine we hate capitalism so let 's elect macron !, 
  lmaaaaaaaaaao, 
  huh ... bruh . 
  macron is as free market , ooga-booga `` neo-liberal technocrat '' as they come . 
  the only difference he has with most market liberal / `` neoliberal '' ( hate that term ) parties is that he 's a liberal in all regards - economic and social . 
  which would mean neoliberal economically and progressive socially by contemporary anglosaxonic terms i guess . 
  ugh at the american mangling of words . 
   no one but racists cares what colour you are there 's a currently very prevalent school of thought that dictates that you ca n't comment on the issues of x class unless you 're a member of it yourself . 
  criticism against islam by whites is very commonly dismissed as racism . 
  as asinine as that might be ( even more so considering that islam is a religion/ideology , not even a race ) , it does happen so a good way to circle it and have more productive public discourse is by empowering ex-muslims and non-muslim arabs . 
  i 'm actually curious to see his stance . 
  if we can get more poc , especially non-muslim arabs , to openly voice their opinions against islam , sharia and the dangers of unrestrained immigration , it would be great for a more sensible debate on these issues . 
  implying all migrants are the same . 
  joao bruno is a portuguese name so it sounds like he was from some former portuguese colony . 
  no idea about his surname . 
   a billionaire  no political power hahahahahahaha, 
   burning the flag is a form of protest find more productive ways of protest . 
   just because they are naturalized does n't mean they should be second class citizen worked out fine for switzerland . 
  naturalization does n't have to be a yes or no process . 
   revoke the citizenship of people that burn the us fla sounds fine by me , especially if they 're immigrants who later naturalized . 
  the revitalization of what , exactly ? 
  two establishment candidates with pratically identical positions on every single issues . 
  whoever wins , we get a continuation of current german policies . 
  how is this a revitalization of democracy ? 
  yeah yeah yeah , i get how this is trying to be pushed . 
  it 's good that we get two center career politician candidates in a time where the far left and far right are creeping up all over europe , yada yada yada . 
  but that 's not a `` revitalization of democracy '' ; those far left and far right parties are as entitled to their existence and public support via democratic vote as any centrist establishment party . 
  if anything , this kind of thinking reveals how many centrists hold a certain disdain towards democracy , at least that which falls outside their spectrum of acceptable ideas . 
  can you ever not shitpost ? 
   what are you so grumpy about ? 
  years of recession , cut pensions , massive unemployment , thousands falling below the poverty line , understaffed hospitals , thousands left without access to even the most basic of healthcare . 
  how is even a question ? 
  how can you even ask this ? 
  i have to honestly ask , how old are you and what do you do for a living ? 
  do you support a family ? 
  everytime i see these moronic eu-roleplaying posts , i ca n't help but believe i 'm talking to some high school/undergrad student . 
   what do you suggest be changed to alleviate your problems ? 
  either dismantle the eu or turn it into a fiscal union with transfers of wealth amongst member states . 
  the eu as it is now can not be allowed to exist any longer . 
   what did your own countries politicians suggest over that time period ? 
  nothing . 
  the ruling party at the time blindly followed the eu and imf 's instructions , and we continued to watch the country shrink , unemployment skyrocket , the biggest wave of migration since the dictatorship and poverty levels skyrocket . 
  [ still , it remains nonsense that the eu policies that the fine gael-labour party government faithfully followed triggered recovery . 
  nor is it true that economies with very different structures and an unbearable burden of government debt , such as greece , could emulate ireland 's success if only they followed instructions . 
  ] ( http://foreignpolicy.com/2016/02/24/irelands-recovery-has-nothing-to-do-with-austerity-eu-imf-elections-fianna-fail/ ), 
  yes , we are finally experiencing anemic growth after nearly a decade of generalized recession for the south , where the euro not only weakened our exports but left us unable to control our monetary policy to recover from the sub-prime crisis and the north and imf instead pushed austerity down our throat . 
  so now that the `` pigs '' momentarily got out of the hole the eu dug us into , everything with the eu is fine and rainbows . 
  praise germany and brussels . 
  i 'm glad this moment of non-recession made a pretty screenshot to serve someone 's propaganda and shitposting . 
  amazing shitposting for a mod . 
   since it always looks like the rightwing is so strong , the pro-europeans could use a little positiv support this is a false-equivalence . 
  right wing is not interchangeable with anti-eu , and pro-eu is not interchangeable with left wing . 
  i always give the example of my own country ; the communist party and left block are vehemently anti-eu and have a lot of racist rethoric against germans , while the psd and cds are very pro-eu . 
   no diplomatically immune official would wear a t-shirt with `` fuck islam and mahomet '' written on they totally should though . 
   cosmopolitan asian citystate like it 's been said , it 's not very cosmopolitan mate . 
  it 's essentially a casino resort , some clubs and luxury stores , and what 's left of the portuguese landmarks . 
  unless you also find las vegas cosmopolitan .
