  anyway , the macanese for the most part have no desire to be an independent state . 
  there is no large anti-mainland sentiment like in hk or taiwan . 
  for one simple reason : their entire economy is built around mainland china . 
  the moment that mainlanders stop going to macau , you would see all the casinos close down and go into bankrupcy one by one . 
  yeah , it does . 
  you basically have one long avenue with all the financial services ( boc , foreign banks , etc ) and luxury stores , the casinos , the historical center , and then some more history in taipa , and then the actual residential areas look like something out of kowloon walled city . 
  but i always thought that the southern chinese slum look had a beautiful aesthetic to it . 
  to be honest , this is true . 
  macau was quite stagnant and lagging until the handover , and only experienced its boom by becoming the `` las vegas of asia '' after we left . 
   it 's not chinese . 
  it 's portugese colonial we handed it over in 1999, 
   homeless dude sleeping on the subway platform and he 'd clearly shat himself yep , sounds like paris, 
   http://www.datagraver.com/case/people-killed-by-terrorism-per-year-in-western-europe-1970-2015 notice how i specifically said muslim terrorist attacks , to specifically exclude the eta and ira attacks of the past and which are now irrelevant and so we can have an actually relevant statistical analysis . 
  again , * can you give me any source that shows how muslim terrorist attacks in europe have n't increased in the past few years ? 
  *  antibiotic resistant-organisms present a much faster faster rising threat why should you care about them ? 
  you 're more likely to die driving anyway . 
   false . . can you give me any source that shows how muslim terrorist attacks in europe have n't increased in the past few years ? 
  because i very highly doubt that . 
   still a nonsensical value , since youre more likely , among many things , to fall down on your shower and crush your skull on the day before the trip exactly , we have a given probability of dying from a certain cause so why would we worry about the rising probability of dying from any other cause . 
  it 's certainly not well welcomed by me . 
  i prefer to face the problem head on and have a serious discussion about how to deal with it . 
   honest question , is there anyone here that has actually cancelled or decided not to visit paris/brussels/berlin , or anywhere in europe because of terrorist threats ? 
  here ? 
  i do n't know . 
  to france ? 
  yes . 
  people who are only reading the links title are n't getting the full picture . 
  france is still the most visited country despite taking a huge hit because of how far above everything else it was ; but that does n't mean tourism in france did n't take a catastrophic hit . 
  [ french tourism down over terror fears : minister ] ( https://www.google.pt/amp/www.politico.eu/article/french-tourism-down-over-terror-fears-minister-paris-isil-nice/amp/?client=safari ) [ france facing multi-billion euro ` industrial crisis ' as tourism numbers plummet ] ( http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/703133/france-faces-multi-billion-industrial-crisis-tourism-plummets-terror-safety-threat-paris ) [ paris hotel occupancy rates halve as tourists abandon france in wake of terrorist attacks ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/08/07/france-declares-tourism-emergency-as-visitors-stay-away-in-wake/ ) [ paris tourism chiefs demand rescue plan as attacks scare off visitors , cost sector $ 1.1 billion ] ( http://mobile.abc.net.au/news/2016-08-24/paris-tourism-heads-demand-rescue-plan-as-attacks-scare-visitors/7778958 ) etc. 
   no matter how many times the alt-right/fox news/breitbart crowd tries to pull that `` no go zones '' shit , people will still visit paris regardless will paris continue to receive visitors ? 
  of course . 
  will the tourism numbers be unaffected ? 
  of course not . 
  [ french tourism down over terror fears : minister ] ( https://www.google.pt/amp/www.politico.eu/article/french-tourism-down-over-terror-fears-minister-paris-isil-nice/amp/?client=safari ) [ france facing multi-billion euro ` industrial crisis ' as tourism numbers plummet ] ( http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/703133/france-faces-multi-billion-industrial-crisis-tourism-plummets-terror-safety-threat-paris ) [ paris hotel occupancy rates halve as tourists abandon france in wake of terrorist attacks ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/08/07/france-declares-tourism-emergency-as-visitors-stay-away-in-wake/ ) [ paris tourism chiefs demand rescue plan as attacks scare off visitors , cost sector $ 1.1 billion ] ( http://mobile.abc.net.au/news/2016-08-24/paris-tourism-heads-demand-rescue-plan-as-attacks-scare-visitors/7778958 ) etc. 
  yep , very good point and it 's already being observed : [ fewer asian tourists in europe lead to decline in luxury spending ] ( http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/asian-tourists-europe-lead-decline-900241 ), 
   in fact , paris subway surprised me for being in such a poor shape compared to mexico 's . 
  paris is practically famous for having the stinkiest subways in europe tho, 
  to be fair , a vastly increased amount of terrorist attacks + the statistical error of dying in a plane crash , just means a statistically much higher probability of dying in your trip to paris altogether . 
   nyc recognizes 31 different genders . 
   but that is n't liberalism , that 's lack of liberalism well , call it what you want , that 's clearly what orban was referring to . 
  let 's not act coy . 
  stop massively exporting garbage culture if you do n't want people to think your country mostly produces garbage culture . 
   the foreigners who ? 
  because none of the countries i mentioned are . . well , portugal . 
  i mentioned non-european countries . 
  of course `` foreigners '' to any non-american country could only mean america . 
   these people are not europeans so what exactly gives them the right to think they are needed to ` defend it ' ? 
  the same reasons that cause europeans to follow the american elections and support certain candidates . 
   we also need to develop our own `` hollywood '' so we can get the people off of their addiction to shitty american sitcoms with that awful laugh track . 
  i am very serious about this . 
  one thing that bothered me about being born and raised in a monopolar world , was the complete hegemony that usa held over media and entertainment , and the soft power and platform for spreading ideology that came from it . 
  taking the example of hollywood ; italy , france , sweden , russia , china , korea , japan , all have amazing and rich traditions of great cinema . 
  other countries , like my own portugal , are definitely making great strides to progress in this regard . 
  yet we 're stuck consuming this trash . 
  make no other mistake - hollywood is for the most part absolute trash , and la as a whole is cesspool . 
  but yet we consume this filth by the spoon , in detriment of our great homegrown culture . 
  and when they throw us a mediocre at best product ( like oscar nominees ) we treat it as gold , despite it absolutely paling in comparison to our homegrown art . 
  i do n't blame the people for the most part ; we 've simply been bombarded with american filth from the day we were born . 
  it 's omnipresent and practically unescapable . 
  if there 's one good thing i hope will come out of this trump administration , is that a closed off america will lose its relevance on the world stage and give way for other cultures to spread their ideas . 
  something about the_schulz just feels off to me . 
  the way it 's been put together , the way it 's been picked up and paraded by left leaning publications ... it does n't feel so much as meme magic as it does meme science . 
  that plus the fact that we already know that mod members are/were members of the spd ... the whole thing is very unsettling , and an insight as to the shape that political propaganda will take in the millennial generation . 
  where did i call for a ban on anything ? 
  edit : oh , the top of the comment chain . 
  well if you were to add it it 's because it 's a trash tabloid , not just because it 's left wing . 
   huffington is at times iffy huffpo is mostly awful across the board . 
  it 's a left wing tabloid . 
  i 've only seen good reporting from the independent . 
  we have pnr but it 's a joke party and never even had a single seat in the parliament, 
   like 52 % of brits voted for brexit , while only 10-15 % for ukip there are valid reasons for the entire political spectrum to support leaving the eu . 
  all portuguese far left parties are vehemently anti-eu . 
  it 's been decided . 
  real news = pro-eu , pro-clinton , pro-obama , pro-american imperialism , pro unfiltered immigration , progressive , anti-china , anti-russia . 
  everything else is propaganda from russian spies or breitbart trolls of course . 
  [ london 's air pollution worse than beijing 's as smog chokes uk capital ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/science/london-air-pollution-rates-worse-beijing-smog-china-vehicles-weather-a7545446.html ) and yes , i realize that the fact that this was published shows that some outlets will in fact report on issues like this ; but i still deeply believe that we used sinophobia - and in recent times also russophobia - as a way to distract public attention from our domestic issues and avoid talking about themn, 
  lots of places in europe regularly hit pollution levels higher than the majority of cities in china , and some like ( like here demonstrated ) can even hit higher levels than anything china ever hit . 
  yet all we see in our media ( or in this case the front page of reddit ) is the smog in beijing , and never any talk of the lighting fast green energy advances in china or our own domestic pollution issues . 
  i 've made a similar remark in world news and was promptly accused of being a wumao shill . 
  it 's crazy the amount of propaganda that goes on in western news/reddit, 
  it 's frustrating but then again ... the vast majority of foreigners i met who are studying portuguese chose br pt . 
  from a linguistic standpoint it does make sense . 
  it has a much less rich and complicated phonetic range , and if you can speak something like american english you can already pronounce most sounds in br pt . 
  the more simple verb conjugations and very loud and open/wide intonation style also make it more easily intelligible . 
  then you get to portugal and . . 
  it 's like the amount of vowels triples , you have all sorts of new conjugation tenses and everyone speaks with a closed mouth . 
  i 've met exchange students who studied in brazil before and claim that when they first got to portugal , they had trouble with even basic conversation so . . it 's bothersome but i do n't blame language learners either, 
   so what 's the deal ? 
  is everyone forced to agree with progressive views of the world ? 
  the deal is that i believe in nation states , constitutional democracies and the rule of law . 
  so for me , the notion that any migrant 's religious rules are more important than the rules of the country of which they are moving to is absolutely unacceptable . 
   almost 60 % would return to the roots of islam  75 % think there is only one interpretation of the koran possible to which every muslim should stick  and 65 % say that religious rules are more important to them than the rules of the country in which they live . 
  but i thought extremism was a fringe minority and the majority of muslims are moderates with essentially totally liberal western values ? 
  the irony is that as i read this article , my tv is on the news channel where they report that angelina jolie , now an embassador for the un , claims that we should not filter islamic immigration and should `` rule by facts , not fear . '', 
  i think we 're going through some massive large scale cultural psychosis , and this will surely be discussed years in the future regardless of whatever is to come from the current state of things . 
  it 's also crawling with people from theschulz but apparently ones ok and the other is n't . 
   well , he is n't schulz :  schulz joined the spd , became involved with the young socialists and in 1984 was elected to the w\u00fcrselen municipal council  in the 1994 european elections schulz was elected to the european parliament and between 2000 and 2004 was chair of the spd delegation  he led the german delegation of the socialist group ( spd members ) from 2000 and was also a vice-chair of the socialist group in the ep  he was the president of the european parliament from 2012 to 2017 i 'm not making a judgement on whether it 's a good or a bad thing ; schulz is objectively as establishment/status quo as a candidate can come . 
   schulz is not the status quo hahahahahahahahahahahaha, 
   its about banks setting usury rates on greek bonds how are they usurious ? 
  greece has defaulted on its debts plenty of times in recent years and the general consensus is that it will soon default again .
