  therefore , greek bonds are very high risk assets for which investors are rightfully expected to ask higher yields . 
   b , fall out and got to war i honestly doubt this would happen . 
  there is no reason for conflict between eu states right now . 
  in the case of a dismantlement of the eu , i 'm sure states would just proceed to negociate trade and movement arrangements and go on with their life . 
   so many `` europeans '' on here these days . 
  yeah , fuck off mate . 
  people are n't more or less european because they disagree with your political wet dreams . 
  you technocratic fascist , respect greece 's democracy and sovereignty , plus this is all the eu 's fault ( or maybe now it 's russia 's fault since that 's the scapegoat now ) , austerity does not work , let 's solve the debt by taking in more debt and increase internal consumption , the debt was not legitimate in the first place , countries ca n't be run like a company anyway , etc etc. ... no patience or sympathy for them , especially coming from another poor southern european country which did n't have anywhere near as much leeway given during economic hard times . 
  oh , i meant it 's probably true in regard to drunken brits starting shit , not the comments about the spanish police . 
  doubt it 's fake news , if algarve during the summer is anything to go on . 
  every year when summer rolls by , news are filled with british white trash starting fights , vandalizing everything and generally being shit tier humans in algarve , especially albufeira which is the cheapest of the algarve destinations and draws the biggest chav/slag crowd . 
   i do n't know , try asking germans and other european politicians why they let hundreds of thousands random people with unknown background in holy shit i saw the smoke all the way from the main page, 
  i had a stomach ache last night , those damned russians are at it again . 
   by far right nutjobs people all from the left to the right voted for brexit . 
  eurosceptics is n't endemic to the right wing . 
  the most eurosceptic party in portugal is the communist party . 
  because europe is in the midst of a very serious discussion about immigration policies . 
  in portugal the north is actually much more conservative and votes nearly exclusively right wing , but the rest holds accurate . 
  most of the traditional industries are in the north so they 're seen as diligent and hard working , where as in people in the south and especially alentejo are stereotyped as being really lazy and taking frequent naps . 
   a lot can be done through diplomacy national defense capability is a very strong component of diplomacy and peace keeping . 
  first and third from the right look gorgeous to me the rest ... 
  it 's not a matter of education or intelligence ; i 've seen more than my fair share of semi-illiterate morons on reddit . 
  it 's all a matter of identity and politics . 
  other than a small amount of subreddits dedicated specifically to right wing politics , reddit as a whole is extremely left leaning pro-american pro-eu anti-russia and anti-china . 
  any opinions opposite to the massively dominant viewpoint will of course find it hard to penetrate here . 
  it 's better to go through a period of negative population growth and slowed/stalled economic growth but maintaining social harmony , cohesion and safety than to replace your native population with illiterate african and middle eastern immigrants and watch your crime rates skyrocket and no-go zones appear . 
  if my country was in a similar situation , i would rather be a japan or hungary than a sweden or germany . 
  reddit thrives on identity politics , and a central part to the predominant identity on reddit is blind hatred of china and spamming anti-china propaganda at any given opportunity . 
  the same goes for reddit 's general attitude towards russia . 
   savings the valuation of your currency has no effect on your local savings , unless by `` savings '' you mean financial products that are tied to currency which is not the case for the vast majority of the population . 
  what can cause devaluation of savings themselves is the inflation that might follow currency devaluation , but so far with the uk 's case we have n't seen extraordinary inflation . 
   purchasing power down purchasing power for imports and when travelling abroad , or if they had debts in foreign currencies . 
   how is that not a bad thing for you as a person trying to make a living ? 
  because currency devaluation also leads to increased exports ( which together with diminished imports will improve the current account ) , boosts domestic demand , and increases domestic employment levels . 
  both valuation and devaluation have their pros and cons to `` the person trying to make a living . '', 
  how do you feel about campaigning when you know you have absolutely no chance of winning ? 
  true britbong banter, 
  no , it means 1.2 % real growth in wages . 
  that 's some impressively bad math . 
  bad math . 
  he subtracted the variations in pay growth and inflation , and not the actual values of annual pay growth or inflation . 
   their currency lost 20 % that 's not necessarily a bad or good thing . 
  http://meedia.de/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/mark-zuckerberg-david-schraven-630x353.jpg looks exactly like the type of guy who would censor information to fit his narrative . 
  i 'd be extremely concerned about giving this type of person any censoring privileges if i was a german . 
   a lot of chinese provinces and minorities are badly treated not just tibet badly treated ? 
  tibet has flourished as a part of china , they have industrialized , built railways roads hospitals and schools , life expectancy has risen from 35 to 68 , child mortality decreased from 43 % to 0.661 % , the tibetan ethnic population has grown from 1.2 million people to nearly 3 million , and the gdp of the tar is 30 times higher than in 1950 . 
  but no , they were surely better off starving under feudal serfdom . 
  for as much as reddit ridicules propaganda from russia and north korea , it 's unbelievable the ammount of anti-china stupidity that is circlejerked all through this website and regularly makes it to the front page . 
  that 's definitely not the case here in portugal , but it 's the case for my girlfriend 's apartment building in the uk . 
  we 're often woken up in the middle of the night because some twat was smoking inside ... 
  because he implied that someone 's immigrant background should have no bearing on citizenship . 
  especially in germany 's case , since they only started transitioning to a jus solis regimen in 2000 . 
  because whether or how someone 's immigration background , lineage and place of birth affects their citizenship is a long standing discussion in law . 
  not really ; since 2000 germany is a jus solis system ( provided certain requirements are met ) , that has a jus sanguinis clause for descendants of german citizens . 
  it 's a mixed system compared to that of somewhere like south korea , albeit less strict in some regards . 
  i think the other guy was simply implying that citizenship does n't convey all the information he wants . 
  jus sanguini vs jus solis is a very reasonable constitutional and legislative debate , and europe 's problems with immigration will surely bring it back to public attention . 
  p o l i t i c a l c a r t o o n s prepare for a summer of endless shitposting, 
  90 % of this entire website is very left leaning , all the major political , news and national subs are very left leaning and actively mod against any anti-immigration or anti-islam posts , and yet it seems so terribly bothered and scared of a tiny shitposting circlejerk sub which is n't even allowed out of its containment circle anyway . 
  this sub is so cheesy and cringy sometimes that you have to wonder if some of these posts are n't just self aware shitposting and trolling . 
  i 'm gon na have to be honest and give the hand to * italy * the greatest piece of eurotrash-eurodance ever written is [ deja vu aka the initial d song ] ( https://youtu.be/dv13gl0a-fa ), 
  to be honest , i 'm quite ok with this . 
  i prefer newspapers to be openly biased and support a candidate . 
  here in portugal no newspaper openly supports any candidate . 
  instead , they 're just filled with columnists and editors who praise their respective party and trash the opposition without ever showing public support and claiming they 're impartial and objective newspapers . 
  for some reason , all european national subs i 've been to left very extremely to the left . 
  i 'm not talking social democracy , i 'm talking borderline radical left . 
  r/portugal has a very active base of communist posters who spam communist propaganda so frequently that i wonder if they 're paid to do it . 
  national subs almost make r/europe look balanced . . 
  european born youth of asian ethnicity that turned to extremist islam as a way to vent their frustrations due to the failures of european society and rampant neoliberalism - paraphrasing a political science researcher on portuguese news . 
  dein kampf - electrify boogajews, 
   i 've never eaten whale or wanted to do so really ? 
  you 're missing out man . 
  i ate whale practically every single day during my stay in iceland ( my diet consisted basically of whale , lamb and skyr ) and man , it 's fucking delicious . 
  edit : oops my bad !, 
  and huh . 
  here i thought that there were just a few irrelevant bad apples coming to europe . 
  irrelevant enough that they can defraud european states out of dozens of millions of euro . 
  go live in china for a while and find out for yourself how much outstanding blatantly false propaganda is repeated ad nauseam in western media . 
  yeah yeah yeah , and the bbc claims to be quality journalism . 
  same shit everywhere . 
  macron is bothered about it because russia 's state propaganda happens to be counterpoint to his . 
  he calls a country 's state media organs of influence and propaganda ? 
  no shit . 
  eeeeeeeh it was a mostly facetious post though . 
  just not a fan of crossovers in general, 
   the plant is currently bmw 's sole global production site for x3 , x4 , x5 , and x6 cross-over suvs only burgers could make such terrible cars, 
  i think most are assembled in mexico , and bmw is planning to open another plant there so you know what that means bmw better start building atvs because those beamers will have to climb the wall, 
  a lone wolf of british nationality and asian origin who was mentally ill and motivated by poverty and social exclusion and in no way islam . 
  can i work at bbc now ? 
  yeah that awful alt right group , blowing up people in the name of an imaginary pedophile . 
  clearly reading is n't your stroing point . 
   all i mean is some mix of culture is a good thing , and isolationism is cultural suicide but plenty of monocultural monoethnic societies have thrived throughout history . 
  japan is one of them . 
  before they were bombed and invaded by the americans they were a huge empire and also a cultural powerhouse so either way your argument that `` isolationism is cultural suicide '' is quite frankly bullshit, 
   isolationism is cultural suicide japan is one of the most ethnically and culturally isolated countries in the world and their culture and arts are thriving , both consumer culture and high art, 
   african ( christian ) , carribean in june 2010 the sunday telegraph , through a freedom of information act request , obtained statistics on accusations of crime broken down by race from the metropolitan police service . 
  [ n 2 ] the figures showed that the majority of males who were accused of violent crimes in 2009 -- 10 were black . 
  of the recorded 18,091 such accusations against males , 54 percent accused of street crimes were black ; for robbery , 59 percent ; and for gun crimes , 67 percent . 
  [ 27 ] robbery , drug use , and gang violence have been associated with black people since the 1960s .
