  [ 28 ] in the 1980s and 1990s , the police associated robbery with black people . 
  in 1995 , the metropolitan police commissioner paul condon said that the majority of robberies in london were committed by black people . 
  [ 29 ] street crimes include muggings , assault with intent to rob , and snatching property . 
  black males accounted for 29 percent of the male victims of gun crime and 24 percent of the male victims of knife crime . 
  [ 27 ] similar statistics were recorded for females . 
  on knife crime , 45 percent of suspected female perpetrators were black ; for gun crime , 58 percent ; and for robberies , 52 percent . 
  [ 30 ] operation trident was set up in march 1998 by the metropolitan police to investigate gun crime in london 's black community after black-on-black shootings in lambeth and brent . 
  [ 31 ] between april 2005 and january 2006 , figures from the metropolitan police service showed that black people accounted for 46 percent of car-crime arrests generated by automatic number plate recognition cameras . 
  [ 32 ] in london in 2006 , 75 % of the victims of gun crime and 79 % of the suspects were `` from the african/caribbean community . 
   given the different french and british approaches to this it is difficult to know what either could have done differently to make this work probably not allowing mena immigration in the first place . 
  but yeah , now that the damage is done it 's more complicated . 
   the article mentions that he had trouble adjusting to european life while also mentioning that he was born and raised in the uk . 
  how does this make any sense ? 
  because of failed multiculturalism . 
  many thought that multiculturalism should be allowed and assimilation should n't be forced upon immigrants , since it would be a violent display of force and cultural dominance from the prevailing white european class over the weak and unprotected minorities . 
  we should therefore allow for a certain degree of cultural separation and learn to peacefully coexist . 
  this , of course , was the theory . 
  what happened was extreme segregation . 
  you have people within a given country that live a complete separate life from the native population . 
  they are culturally isolated , they did n't grow up learning the values the country they live in holds , and they build enclaves where they further cut themselves off from the society they migrated to and build grounds for extremism , each generation being more extremist than the previous . 
  keep multiplying it every few years and reality will give you a very harsh lesson in algebra . 
  i did n't downvote any of your posts because i do n't care about the karma system . 
  you also avoided my questions . 
  i also literally never said `` millions of illiterate mudereres '' so that makes you a liar and a troll . 
  no , in my words your shitposts are terrible and childish sophisms - i.e ; equivalating importing millions of people who are largely illiterate and overrepresented in crime statistics and with values vastly different from ours vs going to the grocery store . 
  how old are you and what do you do for a living ? 
  honest questions . 
  reported for trolling and shitposting . 
  cute appeals to emotion . 
  i 'm still choosing sensible immigration policies over more innocent deaths . 
  so go vote for whatever pro immigration party you prefer . 
  as for me , after my girlfriend being at the arena last night ( but thankfully unharmed ) , i know who i 'll be voting for . 
  do us a favor and start smoking a pack of cigarette a day . 
  you have a higher chance of being killed bi a drunk driver anyway . 
  this * is * the formula . 
  studies pertaining specifically to public expense with mena immigrants and refugees , not the general population . 
  research into the public finances and social security of several european states has already shown that * in a best case scenario * costs with mena immigrants and refugees will break even in a few generations . 
  so they clearly are n't . 
   the chance is extremely low so it 's ok to keep increasing it , right . 
  the takeaway after every terrorist attack : `` we must not let the far right take advantage of this '' yeah , because le pen and orban are the ones mowing people down with trucks or homemade explosive devices . 
   you think crazy bad shit never happened in non-diverse cultures ? 
  of course it did . 
  but why would we willingly increase our crime rates and chances of occurrence of terrorist attacks ? 
  guy with eu flag thinks positive news about the uk are n't interesting or relevant shocking, 
  because the brexit referendum 's results were against the popular opinion on r/europe , therefore british people clearly deserve to be subject to unemployment and misery . 
   the latter are a figment of your imagination maybe [ he dreamed this protest and its video evidence up too ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/f8wvkbxohfm ), 
  i do n't think you get it . 
  people are n't bothered about `` migrant '' as some vague concept term that simply means a foreigner . 
  my girlfriend is a law abiding and hard working chinese citizen getting her phd in europe , why would anything about her bother me ? 
  what 's bothering people are `` migrants '' who refused to assimilate to our culture , follow our laws , have high illiteracy rates , are dependent on welfare and are over represented in crime statistics . 
  see the not so subtle difference ? 
  last time tv news brought it up it was at nearly 50 % ... 
  it 's pathetic . 
  our pm practically campaigned at refugee camps to convince refugees to come here . 
  there 's a video of him in some refugee camp and one interviewed refugee says he would never accept coming here , only germany or sweden, 
  shhh , did n't you know ? 
  racism against other white people does n't exist . 
  you can stereotype all poles and ukrainians as robbers and murderers , but god forbid you say a thing about mena immigrants . 
  [ migrants linked to 69,000 would-be or actual crimes in germany in first three months of 2016 : police ] ( https://www.google.pt/amp/mobile.reuters.com/article/amp/iduskcn0yt28v ) right , not reality, 
  hahahaha brilliant, 
   vast majority '' my ass [ most fleeing to europe are ` not refugees ' , eu official says - dutch commissioner frans timmermans says 60 % of arrivals are economic migrants ] ( https://www.irishtimes.com/news/world/europe/most-fleeing-to-europe-are-not-refugees-eu-official-says-1.2511133?mode=amp ), 
   islam must be criticized . 
  finally , some good sense on this sub . 
  why do you and your kind turn a blind eye to everything muslims do ? 
   ourselves hahahhahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahhaahhahahahahahahah, 
   muslims  christians ok . you 'll have to deal with it in a couple of decades anyway . 
   what about look guys , literal whataboutism !, 
  nice whataboutism . 
  let 's not forget how we was a cruel warmonger and in great part to blame for the refugee crisis which was mostly left for us to deal with . 
  and he got a nobel peace prize for it . 
  good pr is an amazing thing . 
  nothing caused me to become as eurosceptic as these `` negotiation talks '' . 
  it 's not a negotiation . 
  it 's a public extortion and a threat to all remaining eu states . 
  hippo hunter, 
  monetary policy is a serious issue . 
  we should discuss this in secret , in the eurogroup [ ... ] i 'm ready to be insulted as being insufficiently democratic , but i want to be serious [ ... ] i am for secret , dark debates . 
  arab and indian ethnicities are all indo-aryan and indo-scythians , none of which are considered asian ethnicities . 
  and like we established , they do n't live in or were n't even born in asia . 
  so they 're not asian by any definition of the term . 
  it 's clearly politically motivated and intentionally ambiguous newspeak . 
  but they live in the uk . 
  and they 're not ethnically asian . 
  afghans as well what they do to young boys is abominable, 
  we have an extremely low number of indians and pakis , mostly restrained to a very small area of lisbon , and it 's reknown for problematic rape issues go figure . 
  people who view women as below trash back in their home countries did n't turn into secular progressives the second they landed in european soil . 
  who would ever guess, 
  the guardian is one of the worst `` informative '' agencies in the world it should without any doubt be a banned source in this sub, 
  / pol / is always right.jpeg, 
  why do you refer to indians and arabs as asians ? 
  probably with less hijabs and gay flags though, 
  yeah , two artists are a huge ammount . 
  unless you also count the two musical genres they directly copied and translated while insulting other people for making `` fake music '' as namedropping . 
  they had a mediocre song . 
  it 's a throwback to early 20th century north american pop , and his sister 's entire repertoire is essentially translated-to-portuguese twee pop and zooey deschanel 's entire aesthetic . 
  their entire repertoire are derivative pastisches of american pop culture so they 're not really in a position to criticize other people for `` fake music . '', 
  he 's hardly nick drake and she 's hardly meredith monk . 
  he 's a portuguese pop idol dropout and she does music for milk commercials . 
  their `` real artist '' affectation is embarrassing .
