  the events that took pace during the 25th parliamentary elections which took place with our people 's democratic awareness and high rate of participation , were emphasized . 
  our resolve to fight the terrorist organizations that aim to eliminate the security and right to live of our citizens by weakening the our nation 's feeling of brotherhood and desire to live together . 
   it has been stated that the acceptance of the national security policy that was update though analysis from all angles of the incidents that occurred in our country and abroad by the cabinet would improve the peace of the people . 
   it has been also stated once more that all organizations that seek to threaten our national security , mainly parallel government organization . 
   events that took place in our southern neighbor syria were throughly reviewed potential threats discussed , and additional security measures taken at our borders were emphasized . 
  the concerns raised by terrorists organizations targeting civilians and seeking to change the demographic structure of the region were expressed . 
  it had been stated that humanitarian aids to elevate the victimization of people will continue , while also drawing attention to the insensitivity of international community to the ongoing human rights violations in the region . 
  in the context of iraq 's struggle with terrorists organizations , the recent events were reviewed , the relation of our country and neighboring countries with iraq were assessed , the situation of the relative communities were evaluated with sensitivity . 
   the developments in north africa and the middle-east , mainly in yemen , libya and egypt addressed . 
   the changes in ukraine were discussed and the cease of hostilities and the implementation of the minsk measures packet were emphasized . 
  ( damn turkish is hard to translate . ), 
  so a religion that tells not to rape is responsible for this ? 
  you realize you illustrate exactly my point . 
  it is an horrible crime which deserved a hefty time in prison , as per the laws in sweden . 
  however the application of law in sweden had very little to do with islam . 
  you are right . 
  there is a problem , anyone who denies it is an idiot . 
  however , there are exists elements in the european culture who do not realize that . 
  i am disappointed . 
  i like annoying them . 
  it took you 7 f ** king hours . 
  does edl 's rally last that long ? 
  wait . 
  wait . 
  what is happening ? 
  who are you and what did you with / u/housestewart ? 
  just joking . 
  you do n't really have to apologise . 
  i am also sorry for implying that you are an islamophobe , you clearly are n't . 
  have a nice sunday evening/monday morning !, 
  you can find a lot of scholars that support those things . 
  femen explicitly states that they are against religion . 
  that does n't make them bigots . 
  however their actions and how far they go do . 
  dude , islam is against altruism , remember ? 
  femen is a pretty bigoted group , too , sis/man . 
  it is . 
  you propose an argument . 
  ` muslims evil ' . 
  i respond with calling your fears irrational and ignorant . 
  ` islamophobia ' is a word that can be used define that those type of feelings . 
  it has also the advantage that islamophobes do n't want me to use it . 
  i mean they should take their jobs seriously , right ? 
  with the muslims lurking everywhere ? 
  here you are . 
  you are a bit late , are n't ya ? 
  the same way you can criticise a religion , i can criticise you back , ca n't i ? 
  give it a few minutes and the resident islamophobes of / r/europe will find a way to accuse all muslims . 
  incomplete in the sense that you used a tiny fraction the necessary data to form your opinion . 
   have a terribly mediocre day , please do not go out and murder innocents because you think they are racist . 
  thanks and the same goes for you , mate . 
  plus i do n't murder european racist ( that is a job for russians ) . 
  no i provoke them ( edit : for fun ) response edit : seriously , do n't destroy other countries , it 's bad , something that the west needs to hear otherwise you will go 2003/1979 -1989 / 1955-1975 / many-other-dates on us . 
  pew reports are n't incomplete . 
  the things that they represent is a tiny part of much larger picture . 
   i hope you have a nice sunday evening , and that you ease your opinions . 
    good bye . 
  using incomplete data to create a prejudice is not good criticism , is it ? 
  you are using your narrow view on the world to form an opinion on a huge and diverse group . 
  did i mention you killing any one ? 
  i simply called your arguments ignorant . 
  which they are . 
  and let me tell you something . 
  the quality of debates depends greatly on the participants , does n't it ? 
  i am not saying that i am the best debater , but i had debates which i quiet frankly enjoyed here in / r/europe , even with the rising bigotry/islamophobia . 
  yours is one of them which i did n't . 
  i leave you with this quote :  if you run into an asshole in the morning , you ran into an asshole . 
  if you run into assholes all day , you 're the asshole . 
  i hope you have a nice sunday evening , and that you ease your opinions . 
  good bye . 
  that is from 6 years ago , and it mentions the muslims in britain who have different demographics than those in france and germany . 
  additionally he is from danemark ( based on his flair ) , so british muslims is n't what makes up his views . 
  if i was russia , i would support both the right-wing islamophobes ( i use that word because people do n't me to ) and the muslim idiot . 
  hell , they might be already doing it . 
  that way things spiral into shit faster . 
  brother/sister , do n't waste your breath/karma . 
  these people do n't come here to discuss , they come to have their views validated . 
  true . 
  but has eu taken any action to do that ? 
  i mean with xenophobes around it is n't really going to happen on its own . 
  europe is not welcoming place for outsiders . 
  not only that but we get yelled by xenophobic europeans . 
  what a bunch of hypocrites !, 
  mais , / r/europe est un endroit general . 
  would you mind explaining why this is low-quality ? 
  it is not rare to have polandball comics in / r/europe , and the quality of this comic is n't that different from many others in / r/europe . 
  your interpretations did n't sit well with you . 
  does that change the wrong things she/he said ? 
  ignorant islamophobe detected, 
  read the gooddamn [ wikipedia page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%27asma%27_bint_marwan ) , please . 
  and most arabs are n't that conservative either . 
  are you still wearing polo shirts ? 
  keep in mind that most of those stuff are relatively recent . 
  while homosexual acts are a sin in islam , most of the mainstream schools do n't have a punishment for it . 
  if you read the reasoning of some scholars you will see that they treat it as something natural . 
  i called you an idiot because you take my arguments as strawmans . 
  i said judgements against a group based on the actions of the few were illogical . 
  you said that based on that you could judge all muslims . 
  that is simply stupid . 
  i am not trying to insult .
