  if you were sure of your way of life , it should n't bother you , does it ? 
  something should be lost , something mixed together . 
  that is how you make progress . 
   when their home nation turns into a multi-cultural society in which the native population is just one of many groups , it can be scary and confusing and can result in lashing out to stop it and hold on to what they prefer and know . 
  again that is the same sentiments of the immigrants . 
  how can you judge someone because they are like you guys ? 
  is it fair to expect something from someone , when you are incapable of it yourself ? 
   as far as i know or have been taught evolution shows the opposite . 
  i was n't talking evolution about specifically . 
  i meant that ecosystems with many species tend to be more resilient than those with one species . 
  in this case , each culture or sub-culture is its own specie . 
  by not accepting new species , you become sort of like an invasive species that does n't allow for diversity . 
  you become the asian carp . 
   the globalization of our society iirc the world was pretty globalized than ever before the ww1 and ww2 . 
  we both know what kind of catastrophe that was . 
   threat of nuclear warfare makes it scarier . 
  * hur dur turkey not in europe *, 
  you see cultures as paint . 
  but cultures are alive , they evolve and they interact and react to each other . 
  plants would a better metaphor , flowers to be specific . 
  now would you prefer to have a garden with each flower having its own mini-garden ? 
  or a garden where these flowers mix and cross pollinate with each other maybe creating a new flower all together ? 
  let 's take the metaphor a bit further . 
  this garden we have does not really have a gardener . 
  and more of a forest-kinda , plants their own gardeners type of deal . 
  now from nature , we know that single species systems do n't always work . 
  even a human being is n't a single specie system . 
  best way to have a stable ecosystem is to have a bunch of species all at the same place competing and supporting each other . 
  so a decision has to be made . 
  what kind of garden are we going to be ? 
  and depends on your taste . 
  i believe we should mix and match flowers . 
  maybe i am saying this because i am turkish and our culture is half-blooded as it comes . 
  i mean we were nomadic people living in west china who moved west , who started being used as warriors by persian and arabs , and then were given the newly-conquered land where there were kurds , greeks , laz and i could go on for days . 
  then we interacted with you guys . 
  and with each one , we exchanged ideas and traditions , gave up some our old ones but kept some . 
  and we created something weird but beautiful on its own way . 
  does n't that intrigue you ? 
  what kind of things we might end up with ? 
  imagine the art , imagine the music . 
  now i know it seems improbable but it is not , it is just not every flower is willing . 
   look up most wars for independence or religious freedom . 
  but for a long time before the idea of nation-states appeared most wars were n't about any of those . 
  they were about resources . 
  hell , according to some historians has been always and still is about resources . 
  some argue that what germany and japan did in ww2 was to avoid food shortages that they experienced in recent history . 
  nationalism is something that mostly follows industrialisation and urbanisation as a city-dweller needs the protection of a state more than a farmer . 
  that is possible to solve . 
   `` wait a minute , was n't this our land ? 
  why am i not feeling safe walking down these streets ? 
  why are these guys telling me i do not belong here ? '', 
  but why ? 
  most hostile sub-cultures are usually ones that others has been hostile . 
  that themselves are threatened . 
  while you might fear them , i fear fn and they fear probably fear the whatever the ` nationalist ' party is called over there . 
   international wars are less likely nowadays than civil ones and we are experiencing the most stable period in human history in terms of international warfare . 
  history already had periods like these . 
  they have a tendency to end in war . 
  it was a pleasure arguing with you . 
  i hope we argue again sometime . 
  while i do not have much knowledge about netherlands , here in france most arabs are mostly well integrated . 
  but my definition of integration is more open than many europeans . 
  for me integration would be finding people of immigrant descent in different positions where they interact with locals . 
  and in france you have many arabs doing that . 
  on the wikipedia page for dutch turks , there are or were 18 different politicians . 
  [ hell with a definition similar to mine , this study suggest that turks are well integrated in netherlands . 
  ] ( http://eucenter.berkeley.edu/files/tol-a-compariative-study.pdf ) ( interesting study . 
  you should read it ) now might i offer a different point of view ? 
  while many turks are integrated , some are n't . 
  now a question : would you notice that the person who next to you on the bus was turkish or of turkish descent or not ? 
  turks do not look very different from other europeans . 
  the only cases would be that of not-so-well integrated ones . 
  so chances are you interact with a lot of well integrated turks but you do n't notice well because you are integrated !, 
  unfortunately therefore it is natural that people assume that turks are n't integrated into dutch society . 
   perhaps it came across as sinister , not my intention . 
  it came across as very very sinister , though i assumed it was n't intentional . 
   i consider all ethnic and racial backgrounds as having equal worth and rights , but i also believe that the traditional homelands of those groups should be where they remain the majority . 
  that way they all have a place in the world to feel safe among people they can identify with . 
  that would avoid a lot of conflict and violence . 
  ( on that note : #america 4nativeamericans ! ), 
  now i disagree . 
  people should move around a lot more . 
  it helps to avoid echo chambers in societies for one . 
  it allows for more culture . 
  more ideas . 
   anyway i hope that explains my worries about the future of my own people/culture and the incessant whining of our governments about how we should become a `` multi-cultural society '' . 
  turks worry about the same thing , about their future . 
  only their ancestors were poor and migrated , while yours were wealthier . 
  can you judged them for doing the same thing ? 
   completely ignoring the fact that history has shown how that often leads to fear , hatred and ethnic cleansing . 
  a multi-cultural planet would be a far more viable goal . 
  you mean having multi-cultural societies leads to hatred ? 
  i would argue the opposite . 
  societies with a single monolithic cultures tend to be more intolerant as their ideas of natural/usual is more concretely defined , and any thing outside that thin slice is considered wrong . 
  so any interaction with an outside culture will end in catastrophe . 
  in a harmonious multi-cultural society , your idea of usual is wider so you consider a lot more things to be acceptable . 
  plus it create a more diverse ecosystem of ideas . 
  turkish media has a bias against things closer to it . 
  though i did not find some many things about ukranian refugees in general in european media either . 
  it is mostly in background to ` evil russia ' news ( i am exagerating a lot , but you get my point , right ? ) .
