the media ? 
  men with families . 
  wifes , sisters , children . 
  remind me of you ever become a refugee to not allow you to become one . 
  ` rich , xenophobic cowards ', 
  right now , they are given a ` temporary asylum seeker ' status . 
  giving full-refugee gives them certain rights , such working and travelling . 
  plus a law passed in 2014 gives some protections to any refugee and asylum seeker . 
  does a joke need a source ? 
  it is called fn actually . 
  those russian tourist do make a lot of noise . 
  their parties are ... explosive . 
  do you realise i was n't serious about it ? 
  if catalonia becomes independent , does it mean we wo n't have an el clasico any more ? 
  yeah , in hungary , it is the camerawomen that use violence . 
  while eu is slow , there has been no support from individual states . 
  the things is the government has been asking that you help in some way for a long time . 
  depends . 
  there have n't been any polls done by neither side . 
  some studies put it as low as 10 % , some as high as 70 % . 
   have you had any president like erdogan before ? 
  we had many . 
  kenan evren comes to mind . 
  i want to do that , too . 
  but , i am not sure the mods would be okay with it . 
  well , talos might have been an atmoran , or a breton , or part breton , or all of the above . 
  i think . 
  i was trying to make fun of some people . 
  have 550 septims , and also give me some of ... you know ... the good stuff . 
  well , actually thalmor want to destroy the world by erasing man from probability so they can return to their original spirit forms . 
  i think . 
  edit : plus , the rebellion makes the empire and skyrim weaker . 
  falmer had few numbers in comparison to the nords . 
  if the nords did n't migrate , skyrim would still be an elvish country . 
  stop human immigration into merish lands . 
  how much for the bow ? 
  i mean the snow elves . 
  what have you got for sale ? 
  what about the falmer ? 
  [ this map might help . 
  turkey had some outposts in n.iraq for some time . 
  in this case , it is because there was an attack that killed 16 , and they were chasing them . 
  they also killed a police in front of his daughter and wounded her . 
  policemen probably was isis . 
  true however , most simply glance over titles of articles . 
  titles are a lot more influential than the articles themselves , and we know the kind influence this will have . 
  pkk terrorists who killed 16 , wounded 6 the day before , but then again this is the western media . 
  of course that would be beneficial to terrorists . 
  alienation increases potential recruits . 
   how so ? 
  we are n't turning them back ? 
  it 's not like europeans do n't have the right to object to this ; we have no obligation to take these people but we will anyway . 
  but you are n't taking these people . 
  you took only a few . 
  and when people suggest you take a few more , you cry . 
   i 'll just point out that they are leaving turkey for a reason ... 
  they are leaving turkey because turkey does n't enough money and jobs to support 2 millions people papering at the doorsteps . 
  europe , being a collection of several countries , could ease up the pressure on turkey . 
  i was not discussing the treatments of groups . 
  i was mad that / u/orion4321 decided that it was okay to take away that man 's individuality from him . 
  it would be more or less okay to look at statistical data to determine what do with a group if done correctly , but judging the actions of an individual based on his group ? 
  and turkey has been asking for help handling with the refugees for sometime . 
   europe , on the other hand , is taking refugees for moral reasons . 
  and you are being a bitch about it . 
  by failing to be white/european/whatever , people have worse opinions of them . 
  yes , people might have better opinions of europeans . 
  but it is easier to break a good opinion than it is to break bad one . 
  ohh , you are turk , so shut up . 
  and in a way , you prove me , ehh ? 
   europe as far as i know is the most genereous continent when it comes to foreign aid . 
  that 's how many tens of billions of euros each year ? 
  iirc something around 80b , for which i am thankful . 
  however , look a bit at the numbers . 
  germany said it was expecting 800,000 refugees . 
  seems a lot ? 
  in comparison to 80m in germany , it is n't that much . 
  the fact that people freaking out about small things is what is funny . 
  and sad . 
  was it mine ? 
   but come on , you know in your heart that it has some truth to it . 
  but , then again you might not have a heart . 
  spending to much time time on internet does that to you . 
  what a cheeky little mouse . 
  it is a similar case with migrants/refugees from the past . 
  since there is absence of any reason to think otherwise , one might assume the same would happen . 
  not a perfect proof , i know . 
  but then again i am not perfect . 
  then there is more points to discuss . 
  what does he mean by family ? 
  and to what extent does reunification laws work ? 
  if i am granted asylum , can i bring my sister or mother ? 
  throwing the burden around does no aid to the discussion . 
  somewhere on reddit , i once read that being white was having the privilege of being treated as an individual . 
  ohh i ca n't help everybody so i will help nobody . 
  do you guys remember when europeans used to mock americans for shit like this ? 
  americans , i would like to apologize to you on europeans ' behalf ( although some would say i am not a european ) . 
  turns out we were n't really better than you . 
  true , i mixed up my therapies . 
  i am not sure . 
  there are a lot of views .
