  although i should mention the ukraine is mentioned quite often , too , albeit not as often in here . 
  now i know that ce is mostly an advisory body . 
  but do you think their observations on refugees in turkey is unimportant when you get ` immigrant/refugee crisis ' and ` turkey/isis ' articles every other day ? 
  while these subject are n't always given enough place as grexit , they are a close second/third depending whether russia did something that week so the conflict clearly a bit of interest to you . 
  now another point is that there are a lot misconception about the treatement of refugees , but the we will enter a discussion on whether journalists have the duty to clear misconceptions or not , and that might be above my level . 
   no , not at all . 
  it 's how countries behave . 
  when you come to a country as a migrant , you should integrate into society . 
  a society that consists of different cultures , first languages , will never work . 
  the idea of nation-state came into existence recently man . 
   it 's the hard truth . 
  there is no place for a moroccan society in ( for example ) belgium . 
  but there is pace for a belgian society with a belgian-moroccan subculture ( note : subculture , not culture ! ) . 
  and you are n't allowing the development of this sub-culture as people need to be able to mix and match ideas . 
  which makes integration even harder . 
   that 's a whole different subject , because kurds have been in northern mesopotamia ( southeastern turkey ) longer than turks . 
  it 's like turks forcing germans to speak turkish . 
  they have been living with turks in turkish countries for a thousand years . 
  maybe they should start learning one of these days . 
   there is nothing to gain from a country with 100 cultures , nothing binds it . 
  at max , it can have 2 . 
  for example : belgium has a french and dutch side , that can work . 
  but a country with 100 different cultures in every region , can never work . 
  the country will never be bound by anything . 
  it existed and it worked in china and in persia which both had long periods of stability . 
  so it is possible . 
  and you are wrong . 
  there is a lot to be gained from a multi-cultural country . 
  it allows for the exchange of different ideas . 
  more culture . 
  more and different art ( blah blah arabs no culture hur dur ) . 
  different perspectives . 
   migrants should first act dutch/french/german , and then ther own ethnicity . 
  the only thing that binds everyone in germany , is being german . 
  dear , that is a very recent concept . 
  a concept that lead to world wars . 
  that kind of bullshit is useless . 
  * skyrim belongs to the nords !, 
  *  this is not how you integrate into society . 
  if you want to live in an moroccan society , go to morocco . 
  ohh god it gets better . 
  that is the attitude that helps people integrate , you know . 
   it makes a country non-functioning . 
  language is one of the things a country binds . 
  a country will never work if every migrant group refuses to integrate . 
  you yell at us when we try to teach turkish to kurds . 
   migrants are n't received because their culture is so great , but because they are expected to be a new civilian in the country . 
  yes , because there is nothing you can gain from a different culture . 
  because your culture is ohh so perfect . 
  the savage wave line was to mock the ` nationalists ' , not you . 
   in short , most of these immigrants clearly identify themselves primarily turkish/moroccan/arab / muslim/etc rather than being dutch , even if they were born and raised here . 
  so that 's what you want . 
  them to leave their identity behind and act dutch . 
  i mean so what if they tend to gather around people which they can associate with , which they feel safe with ? 
  so what if some amongst associate with extremists ? 
  some dutch associate with extremists . 
  so what if they dress differently ? 
  so what if they speak a different language among themselves ? 
  i switch around several languages per day . 
  does that make you uncomfortable ? 
  from what i read , it seems so . 
  why does those things matter to you ? 
  only substantial thing you mentioned was the flipping off . 
  but any country has those places and it has nothing to with ethnicity of the people but with the socio-economic bracket . 
   i do not mind their presence , as long as they remain a minority compared to native dutch . 
  uhhh ? 
  not unreasonable but weird . 
  and kinda unnerving but it might be the way you phrased it . 
  ( i am sorry it might come off as too aggressive , it seriously is n't supposed to be . ), 
  yes . 
  by certain aspects of the media . 
  for example , this article is from the english website of a turkish website . 
  i tried to search on non-turkish newspapers ( using google ) . 
  nothing . 
  i know with what is happening with greece and all , they wo n't put it in spotlight . 
  but still , nothing ? 
  so yes , your media might have a slight bias . 
   you are a perfect being . 
  oh thank god . 
  i was afraid something had happened to you guys . 
  there are only two of you here . 
  we should breed you two . 
  so you do n't go extinct . 
   there 's also no denying that those narratives are ignored by the majority of the population . 
  yeah right . 
  you are very much welcome . 
  ( you do n't have to find the precise information , but get a general idea of things . 
  for a turk , the number of syrian refugees is evident , that is probably why you did n't get a source . 
  you ca n't expect people to source things that seem evident . ), 
  europe has 44 million muslims . 
  did we compromise your way-of-life in any substantial way ? 
  is n't a good portion of us more or less well integrated ? 
  maybe you are right , maybe the refugees will cause inbalance . 
  that is a risk . 
  but is it a big risk though ? 
  will the savage wave of savage refugees destroy european values ? 
  no , it probably wo n't , votes of fn will go up 1-2 % percent , then it will go back down . 
  is it morally wrong to avoid a small risk rather than helping someone who is under a greater risk ? 
  communists, 
  i did n't say it was unique to european , although i can see how it might be seen that way .
