  culturally , we think dogs should have some liberty . 
  plus , turks do n't like to keep pets inside ( we tend to think that it is cruel for a dog to stay inside a house or that it is unhygienic ) . 
  so it is compromise of sorts . 
  i am not sure but i would bet on cultural reasons . 
  stray dogs and stray cats have been part of cities from time immemorial . 
  in most places , the strays are treated as part of the community , with multiple people taking care of them . 
  sometimes it is the local cat lady feeding the cats . 
  sometimes it is someone in neighbourhood taking a stray dog to the vet . 
  plus , in rural areas , the line is even more blurred . 
  op gave [ this ] ( http://www.who-rabies-bulletin.org/queries/maps.aspx ) as its source . 
  if you look at the amount of human rabies cases in last 10 years . 
  [ there is only one ] ( http://imgur.com/a/oslun ) . 
  if you look at the domestic animals , you will see a lot more.now , i wonder what the data actually represents . 
  it might be the amount of dogs that have rabies . 
  in turkey , we use a trap-spay/neuter-vaccinate/treat and release strategy when it comes to strays . 
  now , if it is like i think it is , it means that the strays with rabies wo n't end up the street . 
  what parameters did you use for the maps ? 
  well , genocide implies a government policy of extermination , while massacres can be caused by a lot of different stuff , it might be incompetence , it might apathy . 
  as silly as it seems , there are talks of eventual land repartition . 
  similar to the way greece is asking for repartitions from germany ( the relation between nazi germany and modern germany is similar ) , some armenians will eventually ask for it . 
  and , chances are , eu might support it . 
  well , with proper care , you can convince prideful people to do anything . 
  hell , if you are good enough , you can use pride to your advantage . 
  turkey does n't reject that there has been something . 
  turkey somewhat accepts there has been massacres and that armenian lives were lost . 
  the point of discussion is the term . 
  and , that point there are many things to discuss and it is very nuanced . 
  i feel this is something the media failed to convey that nuance . 
  can you expand on the ` pragmatic lies ' ? 
  ( i am not saying there has been none . ), 
  the moment turkey accept it , armenian will demand repartitions . 
  maybe not immediately , but it will . 
  turkey does n't trust eu , which has been less than stellar allies and kinda insincere . 
  that coupled with the apathy of europeans ( not all but enough to make someone uncomfortable ) , makes it more difficult . 
  i too actually bothered to read about the subject . 
  although , being a turk who spent most his life outside turkey gives access different perspectives . 
  i am both familiar with the turkish and the armenian opinion . 
  internet is a bit saturated with the armenian side of things . 
  i simply said that there argument put forward by both sides . 
  arguments , unlike anti-vaxxers , have evidences supporting it . 
  and , not only arguments related directly , but about the thousand side discussion . 
  goodnight to you , too . 
  i hope we meet again . 
   the case has been settled the verdict has been reached . 
  the fact that we are discussing it proves otherwise . 
   the other side has yet to give anything resembling a good argument . 
  there has been a lot of good arguments floating around . 
  you might ignore them . 
  you told me to not group you . 
  so far you have n't shown me anything to suggest that you are open-minded . 
  ( blah blah you are not open-minded either blah blah . 
  that would make two of us then . ), 
   nobody here discusses forcing anyone to do anything . 
  -_- i am not trying to defend the erdogan government . 
  i am just criticising some attitudes . 
  there should be discussion between turks and armenians , but most of the time it has been a very one-sided discussion . 
  i am not blaming . 
  the current turkish government is not open-minded . 
  nobody is discussing that . 
  similarly , you guys are n't open-minded as you think you are . 
  i am just preaching for more reasonable course of action than just throwing weight around which is some of you want , to force someone into your own beliefs . 
  so what ? 
  war ? 
  everybody can be reasoned with . 
  you just need to be open-minded , and know the proper decorum . 
  yes , push turkey even further away . 
  the relations are strained as they are . 
  the some current attitudes are attitudes that starts world wars . 
  the better action would be to help improve dialogue . 
  i thought you were referring to your own country . 
  europe does have the same system everywhere , but there are difference in certain areas . 
  no , not really . 
  i just could n't guess the country from the comment , so i was just asking . 
  did i do something wrong ? 
  which country are you from ? 
  illegal to be precise . 
  was ? 
  someday ... 
  it might be discussed academically . 
  i somehow find it to be kinda unethical . 
  these are desperate people . 
  people willing to risk a lot for a good life . 
  at the very least we should respect that . 
  what you said about the geopolitics ? 
  i feel like it 's the type of diplomacy that starts world wars . 
  it 's funny in history when people do n't realise they were puppets . 
  i wished to have more information about the subject , proposed a different a point of view that could be constructed if the information where present . 
  i realise i might be playing devil 's advocate a bit . 
  but , it is the right thing to do than just rolling over and believing everything you are told . 
  well , slavery in the west and east were different . 
  a similar thing happened in egypt with the mamluks . 
  you should not construct world views based on experience of a single culture , it is very dangerous . 
  additionally , it was n't only the devshirme who became slaves . 
  the kapikulu were kinda slaves too , and it was made up of people of different ethnic origins . 
  christians only payed jizya in addition . 
  a reason christians payed more might have been the different institutions they had as each millet for their own ( muslims had a tradition of creating institutions which were more or else seems sufficient . 
  you could see in architecture as older mosques and hospitals in turkey have marketplaces built next to them and the rent from these would fund the institution . ), 
  european seem to always have a negative interpretation of devshirme . 
  but try to see it like this . 
  boys from different origins would be brought to the capital and based on their abilities they would be given education which they would have never given .
