  you are pissing on things people consider important . 
  you are ignoring people 's feelings . 
  you are implying that their opinions are n't important . 
  you are spitting on their identities . 
  that creates a feeling of otherness of not belonging which pushes people to extremism . 
  that has nothing to do with their beliefs . 
  that is simple human nature . 
   it is not bullying , as nobody is forcing muslims to look at those cartoons . 
  people want to put these images everywhere . 
  like this fine gentleman wants them on tv . 
  what you described previously is bullying . 
  you want people to be like you or to conform to your beliefs at any cost . 
  that is extremely close-minded . 
  i am saying that you must fight the source of the water , not the water , my dear colonial overlord . 
  and letting idiots of the majority yell at/bully minorities is european tradition ( joking ) . 
  does it matter ? 
  are you going to let people form their opinions based on idiots ? 
  people have violent tendencies . 
  it does n't matter what they believe or what they do n't . 
  there are peaceful muslims , and there are violent buddhists . 
  it is human nature . 
  when threatened , people lash out with case of several european shooters . 
  whether that threat is real or not does n't matter . 
  with these you are creating a very hostile environment . 
  you are pushing people away . 
  ` yeah you are insulted by that ? 
  well fuck you . ', 
  that is your strategy ? 
  even the most calm of person in the world can angry . 
  you are going to bully muslims because of the action of a few . 
  no your strategy is bullshit , man . 
  it is the bullying of a minority by the majority until they conform or they do n't which at that point you get rid of them . 
  that is opposite of the reason we have freedom of speech . 
  but when i make a joke , i get yelled at and nobody comes to talk about free speech , do they ? 
  is n't that a double standard ? 
  nazis wanted jews out of europe . 
  if they have a country outside europe , they will stay out of europe . 
  on an unrelated note , there is nothing sweeter than making a ` vanilla ' racist think he is in a safe place , a place where he can speak about his prejudices and what-not , and boom someone tells him that i am turkish . 
  hot air and the spirit of nazis past ? 
  not you maybe . 
  there are others who do . 
  i like pissing those off . 
  yes , you can . 
  but it does n't change that these are more destructive to society than they are constructive . 
  and if as a society you are incapable containing these , you will end in a shittier situation . 
  i am not talking suppressing free speech . 
  i am talking about the source of these ideas . 
  europe has a problem . 
  it is too proud to see its own racism . 
   yeah we need a lesson from turks about free speech . 
  seriously ? 
  so as a turk my opinions are null for no other reason than ... being turk ? 
  so we ca n't make fun of you ? 
  well i guess we all are equal , but some of you are more equal . 
  that is n't quiet condoning . 
  that open support by a minority . 
  should minorities be take as representations of a larger society ? 
  if true , most of europe is in fact kinda racist ( aka really racist ), 
  crime is like water , the it bends , adapts to its environments . 
  harder you hit it , only bigger the splash . 
  you just end up with water everywhere . 
  edit : normally i try to piss people , but this time it was genuine . 
  i do . 
  some many of them equate me to horrible people . 
  sometimes people should have a taste of their own medicine . 
  ( i am joking . 
  but still sometimes it is amusing to treat europeans based on the guys like wilder . 
  the way you get uncomfortable . . angry ), 
  dude , trolling is only form of free speech left in europe , bro . 
  already posted and discussed , bro or unless you are spamming, 
   what i think is that maybe we need that kind of idiot from time to time , to probe if our rights actually exist and if they 're not purely theoretical . 
  true true . 
  the method through this is done is more destructive than anything though . 
  it destroys the chances of harmony . 
  that eventually risks losing the right he was probing . 
  there are better ways to probe it . 
  hell in this case you are probing in one particular case where you make a minority uncomfortable . 
  the true way of making sure would be to make the majority uncomfortable . 
   i also wonder if he 's doing it primarily to get a reaction or if he feels it 's his `` duty '' to show those cartoons , as someone tried to silence them at that cartoon event in texas . 
  surviving that kind of thing usually emboldens the survivors and gives them a `` moral purpose '' to keep speaking out . 
  terrorists think they have moral purpose , too . 
  so did all horrible people in history . 
  moral purpose does n't give a free pass . 
  or at least it should n't . 
  his actions are destructive whatever his intentions may be . 
  good . 
  it 'll be easier to conquer you guys when you are separated , 
   he and his party are doing what 's in their democratically granted rights . 
  we are not criticising his right to do it . 
  we are criticising what he is doing . 
  have n't we got that right ? 
  why is it so that whenever someone criticises idiots like this you guys run up and talk about rights ? 
  no , they do n't . 
  there is a lot of research about morphine which gave a lot of knowledge . 
  at the beginning of the disease , doctors tend to prescribe the usual drugs when the pain starts and after that they work their way up . 
  as such doctors tend to have the necessary information about the dosage . 
  usually the patients are followed quiet closely followed , too . 
  doctors do n't just wake up one day and decide to start injecting morphine to people . 
  they follow people . 
  they routinely increase their dosages .
