  i treat them mostly as rumours but there might be some truth to it . 
  we think that russia is evil ( i was and am being sarcastic ), 
  there were news in turkey of a greek coast guard ship entering turkish waters and appear to deflate an refugee boat and run away , apparently filmed by fishermen . 
  so , yeah , it seems they sometimes return the favour . 
  wait for a few hours to see if anybody makes any statements , before any of us form any opinion . 
  or , it is two cia spies impersonation two russians appearing to badly impersonate cia agents , to make us believe it was the russians who did it . 
  who is the real sheeple ? 
  i could very much say the same thing about the sincerity of eu about our membership . 
  that is a very prevalent feeling here in turkey . 
  [ i mean look at this . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/accession_of_turkey_to_the_european_union#negotiation_progress ) you could argue that there were serious efforts made by the erdogan government , and that there were sincerity about it . 
  hell , you could further argue that akp might have adopted more authoritarian government type after the negotiations collapsed again . 
  i mean , authoritarian capitalism seems to work for countries like china and singapoure . 
  if we ca n't get to be in eu to have strong economy , is there any other way ? 
  internet censors in turkey ? 
  what internet censors ? 
  secret of kebab is that when you eat kebab , you become kebab . 
  probably . 
  i would assume that we were both in eu , there would be strong economic ties between us . 
  who owns what islands would less important . 
  we might annoy the greeks sometimes . 
  for nostalgia 's sake . 
  we have been giving you kebab for years . 
  but there are kebabs which ca n't find in europe . 
  let us in and we will give them to you . 
  help in what way ? 
  economically ? 
  of course it can . 
  i believe it can help us tremendously . 
  it also can potentially help some eu countries . 
  turkey 's economy is more or less strong . 
  it could help greece . 
  let us in ya god-damned bastards !, 
  at least give it a try . 
  also about which part ? 
  that 's what am i , mein bruder/meine schwester . 
  [ this ] ( http://arsiv.setav.org/ups/dosya/8504.pdf ) would imply that turks and kurds are actually pretty close . 
  i invite you to go watch the thins done by french farmers and taxi drivers some time ago . 
  it is n't that different . 
  only difference here and the only reason some make a big deal out of it is because these guys are bit too brown and a bit too foreign for their liking . 
  burning stuff and destroying property ? 
  seems pretty french to me . 
  seems they fit well . 
  / u/lgf92 noooooooooooo !, 
  damn it , i missed what he said . 
  i am sorry . 
  the comment sounded too confrontational . 
  i was simply debating about what constitutes as terrorism . 
  we still do n't know who did it . 
  most things point to pkk . 
  but ... but ... the immigrants !, 
  yes , you are right . 
  but from the rumours i heard , the station is pkk and the consulate is dhkp-c . 
  i am not sure about the relation between these two , so i invite someone else more knowledgeable than me to explain it . 
  true . 
  i forgot about those guys . 
  i heard people says it was them , but did n't hear anything definite , yet . 
  pegida was anti-islam , right ? 
  i would doubt that daesh and pkk cooperated . 
  pkk has a track record of not being friends with islamist terrorists ( lookup kurdish hizbullah ) . 
  depends . 
  would taliban killing soldiers be an act of terrorism ? 
  probably not . 
  how about off-duty policemen and soldiers ( they killed one in front of his familly ) ? 
  but is killing policemen in a residential area far from the region of conflict terrorism ? 
  terrorism is an act of violence with the intent of causing fear , right ? 
  to terrorise . 
  i would think such an act in istanbul is terrorism . 
  does greece have terrorists ? 
  i thought you guys all hate us too much to hate someone else . 
  sultanbeyli is in suburbs . 
  as long you stick more or less to central istanbul , there wo n't be a problem . 
  pkk wo n't dare kill civilians . 
  an attack took place against the us consulate , too . 
  while i am 90 % sure that is daesh or sympathisers , this one is less evident . 
  daesh might be organising simultaneous attacks . 
  pkk has also been attacking policemen for the past month . 
  edit : sultanbeyli , the place it took place , is a more conservative neighbourhood ( i think ) . 
  i think if daesh wanted to send a message , they would have bombed somewhere like nisantasi , which is more liberal . 
  but , still not making judgements . 
  ` peaceful workers ' with rpgs perhaps . 
  how is it me who started it ? 
  when did taf say that we were bombing isis and bombed pkk ? 
  the operations against both terrorist organisations were separate , which you would know if you could read articles . 
  is killing civilians terrorism ? 
  is killing non-police non-military public servants terrorism ? 
  what about kidnappings and forcing shepherds to join you ? 
  consider whatever you want . 
  you are entitled to your own opinion . 
  the same way any terrorist supporter does . 
  next time you dare judge a daesh sympathiser , know that you two are that different . 
  but the again long live the serpent that does n't bite me , i guess, 
  he seems to condone terrorist acts . 
  i wonder his opinion on killing bankers , diplomats etc. 
  pkk started killing policemen before tsk started bombing them . 
  ( plus people forget tha ) quick question , if eu ( grows a pair and ) bombs a terrorists group in retaliation , and that said group attacks back , would you say the same thing ? 
  long live the serpent that does n't bite me , i guess, 
  let 's continue the comparison of blacks and kurds . 
  while there are kurds that hold high positions in the system ( ceo , there were and are kurdish ministers even in the current government ) . 
  however , in some regions , kurds do not have the same economic priviledges .
