  the thing you said about the middle ground is the morally right thing to do . 
  being dishonest is n't . 
  how are you supposed to find a middle-ground when one of the sides is dishonest and insincere to you and maybe to themselves ? 
  at least , in case of china and japan , the sides might be sincere . 
  [ wikipedia has a lot of good numbers , too . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/refugees_of_the_syrian_civil_war ) rather than asking for sources , give it a quick google search . 
  it takes less than a minute to type in `` syrian refugees in turkey '' . 
  the wikipedia page is the 3 result . 
  if you want there are other more reliable sources , too . 
  then if you ca n't find any satisfying ones , ask for sources . 
  yes , if you are taking an hostile attitude as per in the definition . 
  i mean learn to read . 
  it also means you are close-minded as the people you pretend to be superior to . 
  being incapable to see things from a different perspective and maybe considering that you are wrong and all . 
  i am not talking about politicians . 
  i am talking about you , / r/europe , and european people . 
  let 's be honest . 
  most of you do n't want refugees because they are different . 
  because they wont ` fit in ' . 
  right ? 
  the rest of the stuff is meaningless , things that could be dealt with . 
  a smart politician could say it with being ` nationalist ' , too . 
  but alas , smart politician is an oxymoron : /, 
  and when x or y is ethnicity it is called either xenophobia or racism . 
  turkey accepted refugees from the very beginning . 
  turkey has a very long history with refugees . 
   i think we should have selectively taken in only educated people like some countries in europe ** rather than taking everyone in equally . 
  ** [ muhahahaha !!, 
  free media ? 
  yes , i like it you are being sincere . 
  you do n't want them in your country because you would n't fit in . 
  there is nothing really wrong about that . 
  but do n't go around making excuses about money or work or refugees eating up pensions . 
  just be honest about it . 
  yes , you are right . 
  sometimes doing the right thing is hard , impossible even . 
  it is even harder to see what the more moral thing to do is . 
  but sometimes you just need to take an action . 
  i would have no problem if eu was spending all its money to alleviate poverty in its less fortunate regions , and simple did n't have money to spare . 
  but that is n't the issue here is it . 
  eu has money as president of pace said that eu should help and i think someone in that position has the knowledge of whatever eu can help or not . 
  uhh , the '' turkey supports isis '' train is late . 
  `` genocide '' train should be here soon . 
  you do n't know how much of joke you are on / r/turkey . 
  yes , i can see why eu and their voters acted the way they did . 
  but still , it does n't feel morally right . 
  wanting to keep your life style while people risk losing theirs . 
  or , already lost their lifestyles and wish to at least save their lives . 
  would n't the opinion of people in that country count ? 
  nonetheless , as per your commands : http://www.hurriyet.com.tr/gundem/29030379.asp . 
  a group in sanliurfa wanted to do a ` we want no syrians ' protest but were n't given permission by the city . 
  they ended up clashing in some backstreet . 
  3 wounded . 
  15 arrested . 
  this happened on 17 may 2015 . 
  so there , some tensions !, 
  i know , but what i am saying is that those positive opportunities might backfire . 
  i think richer countries with lower unemployment with more job opportunities will be a better option . 
  i mean how can you create jobs for 2 million people in short period of time . 
  and yet the president of pace think that `` turkey 's example of dealing with syrian refugees ` puts rest of europe to shame ' '' . 
   we 're talking about syrians being easier to integrate in turkey rather than europe . 
  why do think so ? 
  hop over to / r/turkey and many will tell you otherwise . 
  i do n't think i correctly understood your last line . 
  the statement i implied was racist but you disagreed that it was racist ? 
  i prefer the definition on the [ unesco page ] ( http://www.unesco.org/new/en/social-and-human-sciences/themes/international-migration/glossary/xenophobia/ ) : `` an attitudinal orientation of hostility against non-natives in a given population '' . 
  later on it mentions that `` xenophobic behaviour is based on existing racist , ethnic , religious , cultural , or national prejudice '' . 
  but wars last for indeterminate amount of time . 
  it might end in a year , it might end in 10 years . 
  plus you are treating refugees as object . 
  these are people . 
  some of them would probably just lie around and eat up the aids . 
  but some of them would be more than glad to work . 
  hell most of them would probably work just to be outside of camps to be able to decide whether you eat or not . 
  no that could make situations worse in poorer countries . 
  i know you said what you said with good intentions . 
  but it does have the risk of backfiring . 
   as far as i 'm concerned it becomes the bad kind of bias only when you do n't let your opinion of said person evolve as you learn about him . 
  yes , by keeping them far away you avoid ever evolving your opinion . 
   you ca n't say the same for groups of people , they behave stereotypically on average and are thus predictable and are the actual source of the biases ( the ones based on reality ) mentioned in my first paragraph . 
  what are these biased that seem to be based on reality ? 
  did you consider that they might be different ? 
  did you attempt to see things from different perspective ? 
  here is one : immigrants who migrated because of economic reasons like many who are already in europe were probably from a lower economic class who usually ended up doing lower paying jobs in europe . 
  so most of their actions and biases against them can be explained through this . 
  refugees are immigrants because different reasons . 
  better . 
  though having several million refugees is more than an economic undertaking . 
  it puts a lot of social pressure on a country . 
  would n't it better if a portion of the refugees were sent into europe in a way to ease the pressure ? 
  plus it would piss off the ` nationalists ' , too . 
  i remembered it !, 
  post-modernism !, 
  yes , it matters in the article . 
  but i thought we were discussing the attitudes of germans and the larger european community . 
  do you think it is right or wrong ? 
  if wrong , is it mild wrong or not ? 
  what turkey would do hypothetically does n't matter in that judgement . 
  or at least it should n't . 
  apartheid was an extreme form of racism .
