  even if you are not protesting , you should go to the police if someone has a molotov cocktail . 
  and no . 
  suru\u00e7 bombing was an act of terrorism . 
  if someone brings a weapon to protest , it is pretty standard that the protesters pause and cooperate with the police to stop the guy . 
  i asked because in some countries , some rich people get rich by either illegal methods or by exploiting the people . 
  so far your president gets my invalid vote . 
  clean money or dirty ? 
  new year 's eve is a riot . 
  i mean , they did throw some molotov cocktails , right ? 
  for me , when explosive things come out it is rioting . 
  wait , greeks did riot , did n't they ? 
  in turkish , the word ` word ' is ` kelime ' . 
  's \u00f6z ' means speech . 
  shit . 
  for some reason , the more i learn about hungarian politics the more it seems it is weird mess . 
  with a high interest rate ? 
  your president sounds like a fly guy . 
  ** people ** would , would n't they ? 
  did you already delete this post ? 
  i thought that the megathread was for the news . 
  the interactions between european and refugees . 
  do they interact and how much ? 
  do they know one personally ? 
  thanks for the links . 
  country specific surveys are welcome , too ( i will edit it in ) . 
  edit : this question was mostly inspired by [ this study ] ( http://arsiv.setav.org/ups/dosya/8504.pdf ) . 
  especially chapter 7 . 
  what i gather from the article , there is n't proof that they killed people . 
  and since most justice systems work on the ` innocent until proven guilty ' philosophy , they will tried based on their provable crimes and considered ` legally innocent ' for other crimes . 
  i am not expert , but if evidence proving their guilt comes to light , they will be tried for it , too ( i think ) . 
  i assume the same attitudes will be taken if a neo-nazi kills a person but it ca n't be proven . 
  i am not familiar with german criminal law . 
  but if a native german receives such a punishment , so shall a naturalised citizen . 
  exile is bad . 
  it is irresponsible . 
  you are simply making someone else 's problem . 
  since they are citizens , as such they have to be tried and punished according to the law . 
  on another level , what about neo-nazis . 
  do you think if a neo-nazis killed a few immigrants he should be exiled ? 
  under current laws , what you are asking is unlawful . 
  with their citizenship , they have the same rights as any other citizen whether you like it or not . 
  out of curiosity , when can german citizenship be revoked ? 
  it should defend itself under lawful methods . 
  selective application of law is dangerous . 
  i thought europe had laws and judges and all that jazz . 
  as citizens of germany , they have the right to be judged correctly . 
  i am not sure , but i do n't think germany has laws revoking citizenship . 
  well , the desire for a better future does . 
  some of the suggestions i hear sound too much like something out of mad max . 
  conversations on how migrants should be best drowned . 
  i propose an electrified moat . 
  while i am not a fan of edo , putin would n't kinda lose an election . 
  skyrim belongs to the nords !, 
  all is fair in war and love . 
  brits are pissy about everything . 
  hell if we ever enter and brits are n't pissy about it , i would be offended . 
  ] you forgot this, 
  who come their leaders are government agents ? 
  and sometimes you have to choose between a douche turd and a turd douche . 
  i know they are all bunch of wankers . 
  but democracy is the right to choose the wanker who is going to ruin your life . 
  might as well choose the one that is going to ruin it less . 
  this is the internet . 
  if an explanation is too biased , i am sure there will those who will ` correct ' you . 
  probably pray to zeus, 
  turkey bombs pkk and le monde writes an article on the possible a complicity of mit in the murder of three pkk members in paris which the french court denied . 
  yay free and unbiased media . 
  i 'll be honest i know nothing about hungarian politics . 
  can you give me a quick crash course on it ? 
  do n't always believe news , mate . 
  some news would have us believe that greek are allergic to work . 
  do you think a comparison between vicky and trump would be valid ? 
  it is a real shame that only on subjects i am familiar with , i realise how shitty the media can be/is . 
  aga people do n't read articles . 
  they presume . 
  yeah , that is what i find annoying with people in this thread . 
  they are asking that immigrants be compared to better standards than natives , which is annoying . 
  being a filthy brit or just a brit ( same thing , ehh ) / s, 
  holy shit is it hard to understand him . 
  yay , free media ? 
  you do n't know the french , do you ? 
  edit : she/he originally said that immigrants make themselves seen by pissing and shitting everywhere . 
  paris smells like piss and shit , and believe me it ai n't the immigrants . 
  let him be hateful . 
  let the world see what he is . 
  cool . 
  guys do you think if germans and europeans kill * us * now we can guilt them into giving andalusia * back * ? 
  do n't give me that ' they are misunderstood ' bullshit !, 
  these are nothing more than racist cunts and nothing more . 
   cool cool cool, 
  the fact that he thought people would hate . 
  the fact the felt the need to apologize for other people . 
  that felt wrong . 
  it felt it even more wrong when nobody noticed it . 
  can you imagine it ? 
  thinking that before you ask for help from someone you have to apologize for other austrians . 
  before you ask directions from a pole , you think you should ask them to not hate you and feeling the need to apologize for hitler . 
  that feels absurd , right ? 
  i researched it a bit and while i did n't find anything concrete about netherlands ( op mentioned it ) , based [ on things like these ] ( http://www.vluchtelingenwerk.nl/feiten-cijfers/procedures-wetten-beleid/werk-inkomen ) , i would guess refugees can work . 
  and remember op said he wanted to work .
