  is n't it wrong resists someone 's desire for a better tomorrow for the actions of someone else ? 
  in my opinion those things are unacceptable . 
  yes , you are right . 
  i can see why poles would be afraid . 
  however there are a lot more variables in the radicalisation in the other eu countries . 
  do you think that if the things were explained adequately poles would change their minds ? 
  ( a genuine question , not sarcasm or mocking ), 
  on the other news , the sky is blue . 
  i was n't talking about poles . 
  i was talking the people in this sub . 
  very often they get offended when they are called islamophobic or racists , but then they turn to say stuff like this . 
  i can see why poles have that kind of opinion . 
  however , with enough care and help of the media , that opinion can be turned around very quickly , ca n't it ? 
  just show that muslim refugees are people who want to live a better life . 
  i think poles could relate to that . 
  ohh , and if i call you islamophobic for your reactions to this , you yell at me . 
  ohh . 
  the immigrants are coming . 
  they will hang out with people with similar cultures , the same way everyone acts . 
  they will want to have their families with them . 
  ohh people dream of a better future . 
  how dare they !, 
  ohh the days we used to mock the americans for stuff like this . 
  how much i miss you !, 
  my point exactly . 
  talking about how secularism brought equality is a bit pointless . 
  while i can make argue that for ukraine , i am not so sure about syria , mostly because i do n't have the data . 
  do n't also forget that fear of a famine is as strong as if not stronger than a famine . 
  did n't treaty of lisbon replace the old treaty of european constitution ? 
  look at the effects of the mini-ice age in the 17th century . 
  there are historian who have argued that the most of the wars and revolution at the time was caused by it . 
  it might be that change in climate might one of the factors in the wars and instability . 
  a-rabs come to europe , take our jobs , what do they give in return ? 
  heat . 
  / * on an unrelated note , i wonder if you would be able to link the recent heat and the increased immigrations . 
  it would be the first time climate change has caused immigration * /, 
  ohh come on . 
  ca n't make fun of the racists for once ? 
  there would be people who would argue that europe does some pretty undemocratic things and that secularism did n't create a perfectly equal society . 
  it , too , replaced one hierarchy with another a few years ago , the dutch and thee french had the constitution shoved down their throats even though referendums showed that the people were against it . 
  europe is mostly ruled by a political and economic elite , ai n't it ? 
  3 hours and no ` turkey = evil ' comments ? 
  weird . 
  yes , when we call them racist idiots , they start whining about political correctness . 
  it is mixed really . 
  turkish attitude to europe is a bit similar to the british one . 
  you tend to hear brits say ` going to europe ' . 
  we are part of europe but a bit apart . 
  a few years ago there were talks happening and a lot of improvements made . 
  while most turks feel that turkey would benefit greatly from the ascension , however most turks feel that eu has been a bit insincere towards us . 
  while most of the criticism was aimed at erdogan the same way tsipras is , however similar to now there was a lot of hostility aimed at the turkish people . 
  hell , it had become a meme over at / r/turkey . 
  around the april more intensely . 
  sometimes you have the dutch and germans ` complaining ' , too . 
   it might also be worth doing some sort of calculations as to the total value of their work . 
  you mean the part of the gdp they help produce ? 
  [ according to this ] ( http://www.migrationwatchuk.org/briefing-paper/1.5 ) , they are the 10 % of uk 's gdp while making up the 8 % of population . 
  exactly . 
  hell , immigrants can provide competition and an incentive to improve . 
  it would be better to represent the work quality of non-eu immigrants who can actually work , right ? 
  satire , really . 
  there are some fellows over here who say these type of things with a straight face . 
  i parody their own words , so they might realize what they are saying . 
  especially when you bother them . 
  how did you form an opinion on something that you do n't know ? 
  now , that is huge fault of the media . 
  government , when making a decision of this calibre should make sure that the media is properly informing the people . 
  dammit , europe needs some reforms . 
  it is fun . 
  yes , it is . 
  and undemocratic . 
  is n't democracy in the eu constitution ? 
  so the dutch and french governments acted undemocratically . 
  it was against the will of the people . 
  if the big wigs thought it would be beneficial to the people , they should have explained and discussed with the people . 
  is n't the western civilization based on reason ? 
  people have been telling me that since i was a kid . 
  so how come the governments do n't reason with their people ? 
  yes . 
  evil germans ? 
  the word ` evil ' there is unnecessary . 
  german implies evil . 
  and evil eu ? 
  i thought e stood for ` evil ' . 
  evil union , was it not ? 
  evil evil union ? 
  but if athens reforms as the creditors want which the country 's population has said clearly in a democratic manner that they are against it , would n't that make the athens an undemocratic government ? 
   `` my work here is done '' if the greeks could get work done , they would n't be in this mess . 
  that is partly why i made fun of it ( the other part is because i like mocking assholes ) . 
  and sometimes we should laugh at our state that we should cry at . 
  tell that to germany / s, 
  well , are they creating anything new ? 
  nope , just playing the same old songs over and over from 2200 years ago . 
  / s edit : you are aware that / s means sarcasm , right ? 
  maybe those greeks should have spend more time working than playing songs from 2200 years ago . 
  the article is in turkish . 
  i have tried to give a rough translation of the article . 
  turks of / r/europe help me improve it . 
   matters pertaining to peace and security of our citizens were discussed in detail . 
  possible threats and measures taken and to be taken for the country 's security were assessed in precision .
