  it reeks of ignorant prejudice . 
  most nationalists parties are extreme right , so they are extremists at that ( see i made a play on words ) . 
  on a more serious note , most nationalist parties are more associated to racism for a reason , with islamophobic groups supporting for them . 
  while they did n't commit mass murder , there have been acts of violence like the case of [ this jolly fellow here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anders_behring_breivik ) . 
  shh ... they come yell at you, 
  the incidents in us ( okay not european , but western ) . 
  your so-called-nationalist parties . 
  pia kj\u00e6rsgaard said : `` if they want to turn stockholm , gothenburg or malm\u00f6 into a scandinavian beirut , with clan wars , honour killings and gang rapes , let them do it . 
  we can always put a barrier on the \u00d8resund bridge . '', 
  [ from df 's wikipedia page . ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/danish_people%27s_party#controversies ) . 
  yet that is from 2005 maybe she changed but shows no signs of it . 
   some european communities ` quitely condone ' extremists ideology - instead of confronting it . 
  - me , your friendly neighbourhood contrarian . 
  let the circle-jerk continue brother . 
  maybe it 'll burn itself . 
  if it gets out of hand , hell russia is already prepared for an invasion , right ? 
   you did spend the better part of history fighting against europe so did europe . 
   you were outsiders for all that time . 
  mind you the ottoman empire was called the sick man of ** europe **, 
  i live in france so that danger is fa . . * checks fn 's votes * ... r. 
  and yet we are n't treated as such . 
  we are treated as outsiders . 
  for course it does . 
  the last you guys tried it we ended up with eu so ca n't be that bad , right ? 
  ( i know i am over simplifying it ), 
  it was satire . 
  with people hiding their vanilla racism behind talks of immigrants/refugees , i felt like mocking them was ... appropriate . 
  how white are you ? 
  just joking . 
  normally it should n't be too hard . 
  sometimes companies might take care of stuff like residence permit , but anyway that is n't too hard . 
  the way i did it in france was i got my visa started studying in france , then got my residence permit . 
   but if they were white skinned nationalists people would just say that they are `` mentally ill '' . 
  i never heard fn described as such . 
  ( i know you are referring to charleston shooting . 
  i just like to give fn some s ** t. ), 
  shit 21 % for df ? 
  that is kinda unsettling . 
  i guess i am not european enough to make jokes ? 
  / * again a joke * /, 
  give me a list of things you do like . 
  it 'll be shorter . 
  i cook for a lot of my friends who come from different cultures and have different tastes . 
  i have mental list things they like and things they do n't . 
  ohh not really . 
  unless you are one of them who do it to be cool . 
  everyone should one point try to be vegetarian for 6-7 months . 
  if you do it the right , as in actually thinking about the proteins , mineral and shit , when you eventually go back being carnivorous you will have a better diet one that might include less meat and more vegetables . 
  to get a good look at the beautiful swedish girls . 
  i know that no body likes it . 
  so stockholm syndrome at best ? 
  addiction at worst ? 
  i used to drink , but i hit a point where it seemed useless . 
  i was drinking something i did n't like , kissing a girl i did n't care for . 
  good . 
  press it an even number of times . 
   i was mainly joking with my `` pork masterace '' replies , i know most of you are , but many people tend insist very much , especially when it comes to alcohol . 
  i have been mostly vegetarian lately though . 
  poor students who know how to cook unite !, 
  yes , you are right . 
  you are better suited . 
  but so what ? 
  i never felt a reason to try it . 
  maybe you have taste for it . 
  in france , many people hate the taste and smell of lamb . 
  think it that way . 
  would you insist on it with a french man ? 
  that 's your opinion . 
  i have n't said it was n't good . 
  but there is n't that compels me to taste it . 
  cheeses do n't count . 
  plus it is a matter of taste mostly . 
  those difference in tastes are usually because chemical that do n't cause smell which are rare . 
  i do n't like the taste of beer . 
  usually with meats smell is a good indicator of taste . 
  any examples ? 
  iirc many scientist consider this to true . 
  it is though . 
  flavour is a mixture of smell and taste . 
   turks are horny bastards, 
  fresh fish does n't smell fishy . 
  if it smells fishy it means you did n't buy something good . 
  the smell !, 
  it is incredibly heavy . 
  not it 's not . 
  fish for life . 
  or mutton . 
  yeah , muslim ... 
  it was a joke . 
  half of it at least . 
  ahh feels good to be hallal !, 
  istanbul has 14m people , while greece has 11m . 
  hell we could give you istanbul , let you have a vote on whether you want to join turkey or not , and conquer you that way . 
   on paper that sounds nice but people do not respond well to drastic changes to culture . 
  and yet it is expected that others respond well . 
  it is a bit unreasonable to expect someone to integrate well while in similar situation you would fail miserably ( i meet several europeans in turkey who lived there for a long time and could n't turkish ) . 
   people like stability , order and small gradual and controlled changes rather than a chaotic mix in which some things just get lost and replaced . 
  you live the way you do because you think it is the ideal way to live , right ? 
  how can you be sure so sure of it ? 
  maybe there are things you do or think are useless .
