  if i do n't come back , tell my mom i love . 
  i was watching the video , and researching the things he said , but his attitudes and the way he talked reminded me of / r/european , so i made a little joke in-between . 
  yes , it was a bit insensitive and silly , but come on . 
  ohh my god , it is avatar of / r/european . 
  oy , us is an honorary european . 
  you saved these guys ass once/twice depending on the pov . 
  frankly , sjw movement is greatly exaggerated especially on reddit . 
  yeah , there are some idiots who scream ` racism ' at everything , but generally speaking those are a very small minority . 
  however , sometimes , there are valid criticisms that called ` sjw !, 
  attack ' which is a shame , and also very similar to your problem . 
  you do n't know the immigrants . 
  you share very little with them . 
  you wo n't be able to convince to anything . 
  however a clear minded muslim will be able use shared history , shared cultures to convince them . 
  she/he could make references to stories we all know . 
  remind them of teaching we all had . 
  while you ca n't . 
  your criticisms will be absolutely useless . 
  yeah , you can continue to do so , but at best it wo n't any effect , at worst you will say something wrong and make the situation worse . 
  the way you react to this in a way defines you . 
  if you are truly willing to solve problems , you will find the solution . 
  have you ever seen this supposed wave of social justice in real life ? 
  you are overestimating it . 
  ohh sometimes there are criticisms . 
  but you said you wanted to criticise muslims . 
  it does n't feel fair when you get to criticise someone , when you are so annoyed by it yourself . 
  that solution does n't exist . 
  because there will always be idiots whose aims is to get rid of muslims , who hide behind rhetorics of conforming to values . 
  no , you need to cooperate . 
  well , the solution to that is simple . 
  you need us . 
  you need muslim people who would work with you to change stuff . 
  if the method used is cooperating with muslims , work will a lot easier . 
  it will be harder to attack . 
  i know that brits have some very nice breakfasts . 
  do n't underestimate the british cuisine . 
  but , do n't overestimate it either , 
  we should be criticising people who act like this . 
  but , usually when people starts criticism , it quickly turns to attacking islam and talks of muslims taking over and what-not . 
  in a few comments , someone will mention oft repeated lie or misunderstanding . 
  because you are pushing away muslims who could have helped . 
  in a way , attacking muslims makes the situation worse . 
  when necessary i speak out against other muslims , trying to make them see things from different perspectives , preferably calmer ones . 
  but , shit do some people make that really hard . 
  i do n't have facebook , sorry . 
  but tag you as ` swell po shirt guy ' , if you want ? 
  what the colour your shirt ? 
  i live in lyon . 
  the university library in doua has them . 
  i read them semi-frequently . 
  also , here they are the fanboyz . 
  secrets reveal themselves to those they deem worthy . 
  it was always shit . 
  it is like a shitty youtube channel . 
  it has some loud fan boys who call everyone a hater . 
  tell me the secrets of the presidents !, 
  if you are spying on me , give me sign !, 
  really ? 
  why the polo shirt ? 
  yes . 
  black , i guess ? 
  a t-shirt , and my boxers . 
  you ? 
  if i might ask , why ? 
  lives in france . 
  i put meat on a metal rod layer by layer . 
  then i place the whole thing next to a fire , as the outside gets charred , i cut pieces of it and put that in bread where i also have other stuff like lettuce and what-not . 
  no , brother . 
  that is the when you truly see . 
  edit : joke, 
  damn those immigrants . 
  why ca n't they go back their own country ? 
  we will stop giving them tv shows , then . 
  look at the southern border of turkey . 
  kebab is back . 
  look at his username . 
  i was referencing his username . 
  it is a slow process . 
  prejudices slowly build up and never really addressed . 
  a misfortune event causes some people to point fingers . 
  you get my point . 
  these things do not help . 
  i am not saying that a front page will cause that but no snowflake in an avalanche feels responsible do they ? 
  now satirist should say what he wants to . 
  but when necessary a response within the limits civil liberties should be made . 
  that way you can live harmoniously . 
  you show people that you care , that they can trust you . 
  try to put yourself in the position of a immigrant . 
   first off , you expect government programs to be effective and go with a `` one-size-fits-all solution '' . 
  ideally there would be a system to agree on the intentions of the immigrants . 
  are they going to stay or are they going to work for a bit and return ? 
  based on those , there could be some guidance with the cooperation of local representatives . 
  with different people all with different desires , the ideal would be a flexible and adaptable system . 
  the point would be to equalize and reduce the gap between them and locals . 
  true , this might have some problems ( surely would be ) , but they could be somewhat fixable or at least manageable . 
  the point of my post was n't actually to actually propose a solution . 
  it was to show that a solution could exist . 
  ohh . 
  so i like them that much !, 
  and being cynical is too postmodern .
