  they trash the place . 
  maybe harm someone . 
  even kill . 
  it is n't like they have n't killed turks before . 
  and like that far-righters lose all legitimacy . 
  whenever someone talks about immigration , you just point that time immigrants tried to be nice and reach out for a handshake and had their hand bitten . 
  ( p.s. 
  i am evil ), 
  it is a meme of sorts that all muslims are asked to apologize for the actions of some muslims . 
  it is a joke among some muslims that other groups should be treated the same . 
  obviously it is ridiculous whoever it is done to . 
  to some it is not as obvious . 
  now i want to gather a number of my muslim friends , buy a bunch of food , pray in front of their building , and then give out the food . 
  maybe a few anti-nazi posters , insulting people they would look up . 
  okay , they are here i would like to tell them something . 
  you are no better than an arab or a black ( monkeys as you often call them ) . 
  on a serious note , here they have to downplay it . 
  i mean they ca n't call me sand n **** r here , can they ? 
  if they lose their safe place ... 
  please do n't close it . 
  they 'll show up here . 
  i make a joke and you ca n't take it , mate . 
  and talking about ad hominems ... 
  dude , chill . 
  eat a snickers . 
  one town today , the world ... maybe like in a week ? 
  a month tops / s, 
  i was half-sarcastic . 
  i thought calling him wildy boy showed that . 
  what 's up with people not getting sarcasm today ? 
  / r/european has been always like that . 
  it is people rejected from here go . 
  it is annoying that people bring that up in irrelevant places . 
  yes , talking about the events of 1915 is touchy . 
  however , there has been some attempts by the turkish historian to discuss things , which armenians have been reluctant . 
  nah , he gives a bad name for far-righters ( not that they need help ) . 
  he does more good for us than he does for himself . 
  he is useful . 
  it does n't . 
  did i imply it was ? 
  this sub as in / r/europe or / r/european, 
   do you consider yourself european ? 
  do you feel culturally closer to the europe or to the ( rest of ) muslim world ? 
  yes , i do . 
  i do n't feel particularly close to any side . 
   do you want turkey to join eu ? 
  are you bitter about slow progress of the integration ? 
  yes , but some recent events made me re-evaluate my position . 
  i am bitter about the slow progress . 
  i feel that in a way , eu has been insincere . 
   what are your thoughts on cyprus and a bit strained relations with greece ? 
  while validity of the invasion and the occupation can be discussed , i would like to say that there has been a relatively recent plan to reunite the island and referendums done on both sides . 
  the turkish side voted ` yes ' , the greeks voted ` no ' . 
  iirc , the plan was written up by the un secretary at the time , and supported by the eu . 
   what are your views on erdogan , future of turkey , secularism etc ? 
  while i do n't support him , i wo n't go as far some in being against him . 
  he is authoritarian but he is n't a dictator . 
  dictators do n't get almost voted out . 
  i would have loved to have an akp-chp coalition in place , but it seems they could n't agree . 
  chp wanted a restoration government , basically undoing what akp has done ( some bad , some good ) , akp wanted a reform government . 
   what is your opinion on kurds , kurdistan , self-determination ? 
  kurds are a lovely people , excluding the ones who shoot at you and kill teachers . 
  during my childhood , i had several kurdish neighbours and friends . 
  some of our past governments has n't always been kind to them , but then again those governments rarely been kind to anyone . 
  but they have a place in the country . 
  we had a half-kurdish president ( turgut ozal ) , and many others who were rumoured to be kurdish , like our second one , or had kurdish origins . 
  akp government has kurdish ministers . 
  plus if some polls are to be believed , a minority actually wants independence . 
  until very recently i believed that hdp had put a distance between them and pkk , a belief shared by some . 
  but they started doing some unnerving things . 
  an mp threatened kurdish village guards ( during a manifestation , someone yelled that village guards had pointed guns at them , and she said that they will turn those rifles back on them ) . 
  when tsk bombed pkk , another mp said that pkk would drown them in their spit . 
  when the co-chair of hdp was asked if he condemned or condoned these attacks on bbc , he did n't give an answer . 
  but , anyway , [ here ] ( http://arsiv.setav.org/ups/dosya/8504.pdf ) is a study done a few years ago about the relationships in turkey . 
  even little support for wildy boy is too much . 
  you guys have heard of sarcasm , right ? 
  i have simply replaced the muslims with germans . 
  ohh boy , imagine / r/european, 
  this is a terrorist act . 
  will the germans apologize for this ? 
  edit : for those incapable of seeing the obvious sarcasm , / s, 
  too late . 
  we are already inside . 
  minority = any groups that are n't the most populous in a larger group so the largest minority would be the second largest group after the majority . 
  did n't stalin kill a lot of tatars ? 
  and cleansed the crimea among other places of them ? 
  edit : the war in ukraine was our plan all along . 
  when both sides are weak , we will come back to reclaim what is rightfully ours . 
   i think our largest minority at this point is turkish . 
  why are they a minority ? 
  because they did not have enough time yet to become a majority  give it time . 
  third time 's the charm !, 
  technically they ca n't leave turkey any time they want . 
  legally . 
  most do it through illegal means , which risk getting sunk by natural causes or the greek coast guard if again the some rumours are true . 
  those are little stuff blown out of proportion . 
  things like that used to happen when roma were in france . 
  turkey has a lot more ~ ~ immigrants ~ ~ refugees , a good portion of them homeless . 
  there has n't been riots like these . 
  i do n't know but there have been rumours of mistreatment of some immigrants in greece .
