  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/empathy ), 
  i am sorry . 
  want to hug ? 
  then you lack empathy . 
  i remember the days you used to make fun of the us for stuff like this . 
  ahhh . 
  good days . 
  if you have the right perks , and do it at the right time , it can work wonders . 
  i guess they want to kill the snake while it is still young, 
  a common strategy in paradox games ( ck2/eu4 ), 
  beware though , there are a lot of restaurants that sell sub-par kofte . 
  that is one of the reasons of the legislation . 
  when you add a lot of spice , it becomes more or less safe to eat from a bacterial perspective . 
  some restaurants owners lowered the spiciness a bit , few people got poisoned , etc. 
  hmm . 
  real \u00e7i\u011f k\u00f6fte maybe ? 
  \u00c7i\u011f means raw , it is basically a uncooked k\u00f6fte that is heavily spiced like ' i am dragon now , a rocket in a few hours ' levels of spicy . 
  a legislation a few years ago made it harder to find . 
   i think nitpicking is undervalued . 
  if we can debate over something for hours , we have to nitpick otherwise we wo n't ever get to the point . 
  nitpicking is useful true . 
  but it was n't useful . 
  ` conforming to someone ' is the same as ` conforming to that persons ideas ' , right ? 
   i think nitpicking is undervalued . 
  if we can debate over something for hours , we have to nitpick otherwise we wo n't ever get to the point . 
  you is also sometimes used to refer to groups when it is second person plural . 
  so ` conforming to you/a group ' is equivalent to ` conforming to the values of the group ' . 
  now tell me , was your nitpicking in this case any useful ? 
  did it add anything to our debate ? 
   except there is a world of difference , and everyone who were attacked by racists or islamists would agree . 
  europe has itchy trigger fingers for racists - a well deserved reflex honed due to history . 
  racist attacks are covered extensively and everything that can be done to prevent them is being done . 
  however , violence fuelled by islam in europe is hushed , not covered by the media , rapes committed by immigrant groups does n't even make it to the papers . 
  if you question this , you immediately get called a racist . 
  that is a huge difference right there . 
  i would argue otherwise . 
  you have still attacks by muslims covered by the media , it has been several months we still talk about charlie , right ? 
   i find your arguments laughable , because they are not very different from the arguments of the people you mock so comfortably . 
  your responses seem to run on labels , like `` racists '' who complain about sjws . 
  i 'm turkish , i complain about sjws because i do n't need them to defend me . 
  i can fight my own battles . 
  you go on and on with labels , `` conformists '' , `` intolerants '' et cetera . 
  i think that explains your disdain for `` nitpicking '' , because it 's mighty easy for you when you can do everything over labels . 
  and talk about dishonesty as icing on the cake . 
  the same way that nitpicking is useful , labels have its uses . 
  it allows the use of abstraction in the discussion . 
  when discussing something so big , you need to discuss abstracts . 
  you can not discuss generalities using individual cases . 
  it is possible discuss every ` conformist ' and ` intolerants ' on an individual basis . 
  but that would take too much time . 
  rather i chose to discuss through general similarities between groups . 
   we do not conform to `` people '' , though , we conform to a set of values which keep people together . 
  you know that 's what i meant . 
  there is no point in nitpicking . 
  but there are muslims who conform , are n't they ? 
  those who live , more or less , european lives in conjunction with their past . 
  same way there are muslim idiots who threaten people in turkey , there are hate groups in europe who do the same to immigrants . 
  it is no different . 
  conformity is the same , only with a different coat of paint . 
  now it wo n't bother me if people are conformist . 
  i am adaptable . 
  i moved around frequently during my childhood , and still do today . 
  i lived in different countries around the world . 
  the racist people who complain about sjws ? 
  conformist complaining about conformists . 
  it is people who can not tolerate difference . 
  difference of values , difference of beliefs . 
  if you judge others for being conformist while you yourself are one , that is dishonest , is n't it ? 
  conformity goes both ways , brother . 
  people in turkey wanted you to conform to them . 
  in europe , people want you to conform to them , right ? 
  ohh , the muslims . 
  a single group with no subgroup what so ever . 
  i love that term . 
  you mentioned people of different creed . 
  there are muslims who live in harmony . 
  there are muslims who help out . 
  however , there are some who do n't . 
  for different reasons , you wo n't be able to correctly communicate with them , because frankly you do n't understand them . 
  for goodness sake , you talk about muslims as they were a single monolithic group . 
  most muslims in europe identify not as muslims but as algerian , turks , moroccans the same way in some countries people identify as the their nationality before europe . 
  what is the logical thing to do in this case when you are incapable of communicating ? 
  you do the pragmatic thing and employ people who could bridge the gaps , right ? 
  you do n't yell until they conform . 
  what are we , a 3 year-olds ? 
  and that is what you want people to do . 
  you want conformity . 
  you want to do onto others what others tried do to onto you . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  note : i make small jokes during some conversations here on / r/europe so that the conversation does n't get too heated . 
  it is too easy to get angry on the internet . 
  it backfired :( hmm . 
  i always heard that swedes were too pc but to be honest i do n't know that much about sweden . 
  i tried to research it a bit and holy shit it is impossible to do so . 
  either it is things like the wikipedia page , which our jolly fellow criticised , or things with so much emotion with relatively little sources behind it . 
  it is impossible to form a coherent opinion , man . 
  i have n't been able to gather enough reliable information to construct one . 
  for now , i might say that sweden might have a slight problem which might get a little exaggerated at times . 
  but this is not the end . 
  i am diving back in .
