  i am insulting you , you glorious organism . 
  the same way you are insulting a whole people . 
  you say that i cherry-pick , while you yourself do the exact thing . 
  i brought to you several different sources looking at things from a general perspective , while you gave me a single statistic from a single country . 
  which is n't you act you know enough islam to talk about these stuff , but you clearly lack the knowledge about the subject . 
  your arguments are ignorant and reek of prejudice . 
  your first argument was that islamophobia was non-word . 
  i responded to that respectfully . 
  i opened up a new line of debate , where you proceeded to misunderstand every line i said . 
  total war adds the human element . 
  it shows the immediate results of your actions . 
  your actions kills people . 
  in eu , the human element is absent . 
  your advisors are +2 for that , +1 for this . 
  your soldiers are resources that replenish . 
  in a way , it shows how far someone can go when the results of actions are n't visible . 
  you do n't have piles of bodies . 
  you do n't kill people , you just make a number go down for the sake of making another number go up . 
  it shows how someone might act if the consequences of your actions are n't apparent . 
  there are 395,302 turks in netherlands . 
  that is a very small number in relation to the total muslim population . 
   perpetrated against muslims [ this article from 2 years ago . 
  ] ( https://euobserver.com/justice/120548 ) [ this article from a few months ago . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/firebombs-and-pigs-heads-thrown-into-mosques-as-antimuslim-attacks-increase-after-paris-shootings-9977423.html ) [ and this jolly fellow who killed 77 people in a single day . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anders_behring_breivik )  tacit support , while the opposite is requested ( speak out against these crimes without trying to play the victim card , just once , you can do it !, 
  ) , is still support , even worse if `` some values '' are shared . 
  again how many times should muslims say that we do n't support them ? 
  for every idiots who support isis , there is a score who hate them . 
  but nonetheless you wo n't hear me . 
  even when we condemn terrorist idiots like you come and accuse us such things . 
  there is nothing i can do to change your mind , can i ? 
   your edit is interesting ; because that would make every act of anti-muslim sentiment 100 % legitimized , as muslims just have murdered a score of people in the name of the religion just today . 
  it would also justify the entire playbook of israel , which made me smile . 
  do you think out of your ass ? 
  i said that the actions of the few does not justify distrust against the many . 
  and you responded by saying that actions of a few does justify prejudice towards many . 
  i mean seriously . 
  how can you such an idiot ? 
  i guess it is our fault , too . 
  since the filthy immigrants sucked up the money and you could n't get an education , right ? 
  i give up , man . 
  there is no use in talking . 
  now i am going to explain quantum physics to my fish , i will have better success there . 
  in a way , these type of games gives a good perspective on things . 
  your value to society is determined by your potential usefulnes . 
  another example would be paradox games . 
  when i started playing eu4 , i tried to be an ethical ruler . 
  a few games i realized that i casually sent 10 000 men to their death . 
  that gives a perspective on things . 
  so how then islamophobia is non-word ? 
  it is a word that describes phobia or irrational fear of islam and muslims . 
  additionnally that is n't what we are discussing . 
  the point of discussion was whether islamophobes or people with irrational fears of muslims are racist or not ? 
  i would argue yes . 
  blacks are n't a single monolithic group . 
  there are many groups that make up the blacks . 
  yet people tend to see them as one and judge them based on it . 
   sketchy ideological niches in islam ( with huge support from the moderate base . ), 
  it is not part of original discussion but let 's discuss it anyway . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  what do we have to do to show that we do not support terrorists acts in anyway ? 
  sharing some ideas with extremists does not mean support . 
  there are many europeans who would share some views with far-right/neonazi groups ? 
  these are sketchy ideological niches . 
  by your definition , they get huge support from moderate base of europe . 
  i would argue that statements like these are islamophobic . 
  there is an irrational fear towards moderate muslims caused by actions of the few . 
  for example , if i started fearing the whites because the charleston shooter , my fear is irrational , right ? 
  e : there has been attacks on the immigrant famillies by local people , albeit they were neonazi skinheads . 
  so yes , it would be logical to fear persecution in their new country ** by a few ** . 
  it would be irrational to fear persecution from the whole country without any signs . 
  right now it is irrational for most muslims to fear the avarage european . 
  it is not though to fear of the possible skinhead deciding he is a modern templar . 
  your last paragraph is wrong btw . 
  a fun thing to do is to replace muslims with jews in the rheotorics of islamaphobics/anti-muslims/anti-migrants / whatever-they-call-themselves, 
  so you are saying islamophobia does n't exist ? 
  do you mind enlighten me , a filthy peasant , on how so ? 
   no , you can use racism . 
  race is a made up thing anyway . 
  and since many islamaphobes see muslims almost as a single group/race , you could argue that in a way they are racist . 
  let in the ones which might seem useful , let the rest starve/dehydrate/get eaten by animals/weredeers/each other . 
  that is awesome . 
  what do you think is the reason ? 
  depends on the depth of the layer . 
  if it is one layer deep , it is manageable , and can be really fun . 
  if not , you will need some planning . 
  best and easiest method i know for far is magma . 
  but you need a volcano for that . 
  if not , a bunch of pumps . 
  while it is annoying , it is still fun . 
  !! fun !!, 
  edit : df teaching people geology and proper migrant control since 2002 . 
  the most annoying thing on dwarf fortress !, 
  ohh . 
  that works . 
  sometimes the enemy is n't that weak . 
  you might need to give the rebels a hand . 
  you support rebels between the enemies centre and in the place you want to conquer . 
  that way the enemies has to go past the rebels to attack . 
  [ empathy is the capacity to understand what another person is experiencing from within the other person 's frame of reference , i.e. , the capacity to place oneself in another 's shoes .
