  talking about lazy immigrants is another form , arguably way less racist , but racist nonetheless . 
  plus , it pisses people off . 
  because it is a word i made up , using the same logic in sub-groups and sub-cultures . 
  when language does not give the right tools , one must create them . 
  and yet even with the naysayer , we still help them . 
  danish is a sub-ethnicity of the larger scandinavian ethnicity . 
  how so ? 
  more than two words would be appreciated . 
  i am not trying to make it simple . 
  but what does it matter what turks would do with refugees of different origin ? 
  does it make germany 's reluctance to help any better ? 
  it is one of those - ism 's . 
  dammit my little non-european head ca n't hold all this information . 
  turkey asked for something , and a luxembourgain who was elected to be president of pace agreed that it should be done . 
  greece asked for something and germany said no . 
  [ ethnicity  ( http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/ethnicity ) an ethnic group ; a social group that shares a common and distinctive culture , religion , language , or the like . 
  i think danes share a common language and cultural values or the like amongst themselves . 
  we are discussing the attitudes of eu countries , in this specific case , that of germany . 
  what turkey would do is of no consequence . 
  you are right , racism is n't the only thing here . 
  but i think it is still an important but silent factor with the rise of all the ` nationalist ' parties . 
  maybe . 
  we ca n't know . 
  if we help the syrians and not the russian it would mean we favour one over the other . 
  it wo n't be apartheid levels of ( ... wait still ca n't remember the word ) , but still that bad word . 
  since when is dutch and danish are n't ethnicities ? 
  anna brasseur , the president of pace , is from luxembourg . 
  is n't treating people differently based religion or ethnicity called something ... shit i forgot the word ... you know what i mean right ? 
  op said positive news . 
  ( i am sorry , i could n't resist . 
  happy birthday ! ), 
  but it is nature of language , too . 
  when a group a has a smaller subset b with fairly unique circumstances , we usually tend to use a to mean a-b . 
  for example , the group dog has a subset puppy . 
  when we say dog , we tend to mean adult/non-puppy dog . 
  yeah . 
  the correct word would be migrant , right ? 
  so :  forall refegee a , a is migrant . 
  the inverse is false . 
  is correct ? 
  additionally :  forall immigrant a , a is migrant . 
  forall refegee a , a is immigrant . 
  the inverse is false . 
  you probably have a flair but on mobile you ca n't see it, 
  well clearly they are n't spanish . 
  people will be expecting them . 
  what entails as obedience to husband is a point of discussion though . 
  both religiously and culturally . 
  if you have dinner with a muslim family you would notice the women wield a lot power in the household ( although it might the families i interact with ) . 
  i think there would be interesting results if someone did a research on this . 
  i might be wrong but most pakistanis are well integrated are n't they ? 
  at least that 's what wikipedia tells . 
  and they have been there for several generations . 
  if i remember correctly from my oib classes back in high school there have been some race riot a few decades ago . 
  so you 'd have to be patient , right ? 
  plus could you give ( if possible ) a name or two about the muslim group you mentioned ? 
  now i looked up the scandal in tower hamlets , and from what i gather it was a corruption scandal where the perpetrator was muslim ( which you somehow interpreted as muslims being against democracy , am i missing something ? ) . 
  anyway , you got have good corruption scandal every 10 year or so , without over doing it , 
  i live in france . 
  they tend to be well integrated over here , not without few outliers here and there . 
  i lived in germany , too . 
  it was n't that different . 
  although we might have different understanding of level of integration necessary . 
  so i checked out the [ source ] ( http://pewforum.org/files/2013/04/worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-full-report.pdf ) of that diagram and it really seems that whoever made the diagram was cherry-picking representing only the negatives . 
  for example let 's take this paragraph as an example :  in nearly all countries surveyed , a majority of muslims say that a wife should always obey her husband . 
  at the same time , there also is general agreement - at least outside sub-saharan africa -- that a woman should have the right to decide for herself whether to wear a veil in public . 
  ( page 91 in [ here ] ( http://pewforum.org/files/2013/04/worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-full-report.pdf ) ) you diagram shows only the first sentence while it fails it represent the second one . 
  i image-searched it , and it seems to be thrown around / r/atheism and its equivalents elsewhere know to unbiased * sarcasm * . 
  it seems to over-simplify many differing and interesting opinions . 
  as we are at a good start ( and because i do n't feel like good through 226 pages tonight ) i will ignore that diagram of yours . 
  now let 's move on . 
  you mentioned integration . 
  i usually got the impression that older generation tended not to integrate while younger generations fare better . 
  children have a better time adapting . 
  i also tended to see as many articles talking about failings of immigrant integration as its success . 
  additionally total integration would bad , as different identities can create an interesting ecosystem of ideas . 
  anyway that is n't important . 
  are you talking about ahmadiyya ? 
  uhh , you noticed the pro-kurdish neckbeards here , right ? 
  it is not shameful to not know . 
  it is shameful to not learn . 
  * pats your head *, 
   i 'm afraid i do n't fully understand , are n't kebabs those meat things on a stick ? 
  heresy !!!, 
  you are talking about shish kebab . 
  that is only a speck in the speck of kebab . 
  ( kebab is generally a turkish dish with meat in focus . ), 
  kebab can not be removed . 
  maybe , relative wealth too . 
  well-off middle-class might gravitate away from authoritarian ideas . 
  well , i did say basic . 
  but , i biked through turkey , too . 
  never i have been attacked . 
  maybe barked at a few times . 
  nothing more than that . 
  do you mean that they actually attacked you or barked at you ? 
  most attitudes towards pets in turkey is more rural of sorts . 
  usually dogs are left to roam around in rural areas . 
  they would have some basic training ( not attacking people and such ) to avoid conflict to a certain level . 
  that might be why we see keeping dogs in houses ( small houses without gardens ) as cruel .
