  these are professionals and they tend to know what they do . 
  additionally there are several alternatives to morphine . 
  and as i said before euthanasia fail , too . 
  say that over in / r/suicidewatch . 
  true i have no right to dictate whether you live or die . 
  but as a society we should n't give people the means to end their lives , even their are already at the end of their lives . 
  people have been speaking of slippery slopes . 
  we are in a slippery slopes . 
  i have been searching on google for cases were morphine failed to relieve pain . 
  i have found none . 
  but things do not always go smoothly , but the lack of documentation makes me think it is relatively rare . 
  similarly , there are cases where euthanasia fails which can be painful . 
   i hope you do n't have to see someone die like that . 
  i already did . 
  plus they do n't pump ' a ton of morphine ' . 
  they start with lighter drugs and move on to morphine if they fail . 
  beispeilweise palliative care ? 
  i know it is incurable . 
  that it is terminal . 
  some religious people are idiots when it comes to vaccines . 
  that does n't make all religious people idiots . 
  i mean do you realise how arrogant you sound ? 
  calling every belief that does line up with yours . 
  you could argue that your beliefs are idiotic and inhumane , too . 
  you are potentially giving depressed people the manners to causing a lot of harm . 
  the f ** k that has to do with euthanasia , man ? 
  because a human life is different than a dog 's . 
  do you think wanting to die make it okay to die ? 
  what kind of message does that give ? 
  ` yeah , killing yourself is a valid way out ' . 
  i can see where you are coming from , but seriously ? 
  to end people 's suffering . 
  is n't it our duty to support people as a society ? 
  is n't it the bloody point of society ? 
  yes , maybe you could see this as support . 
  but come one , there are other ways . 
  better ways . 
  and go on , downvote me . 
  maybe i 'll give up when the day comes when i start caring for that . 
  why kill the disenfranchised/unorthodox/undesirables when you can make them kill themselves , ehh ? 
  hope ? 
  why hope when you can just give up ? 
  i was trying to make a joke, 
   such is democracy . 
  such is life . 
   the power base is fickle . 
  a substantial portion of the votes that bring these parties into power are always protest votes . 
  joe blow goes `` oh yeah , perennial government party ? 
  try this on for size ! '', 
  it 's not so much a `` i now embrace this party . '', 
  as it is a `` well , fuck my old party then . '', 
  being in power is a tightrope act no matter where you came in from . 
  true . 
  true . 
  but if you add other factors in joe blow might decide to continue voting for them . 
  i mean some of the initial support for hitler came in a response to weimar republic , right ? 
   the populace of rich countries tend not to want any dramatic changes of any kind . 
  the current immigration pressure is the dramatic change . 
  yet that desire to keep status quo can make people do some weird stuff , man . 
  and now you are getting called racist in / r/european . 
  i am sorry for calling you racist , although with all the hidden racism around here it does sound like it . 
   yes , it 's part of our culture , but there are many other aspects and elements . 
  we 're far from homogeneous in any sense , but surely you know this already . 
  you ca n't seriously expect everyone to act according to the highest standards possible ; most people will always protect their own interests first . 
  i do n't really see that as a valid critique of european culture ; about as much as suicide bombers are representative of their religion . 
  dude i was joking . 
  though you could say that some people think too highly of their own culture . 
   i did n't say close , but you may be reading too much into the original quote . 
  maybe i am , but putting a barrier does sound a bit hostile , does n't it ? 
  a barrier is n't really selective . 
  i told you . 
  is n't reason and open-minded not an integral part of european culture or ... 
  the horror ... people lied to me ? 
   there is no `` threat '' though , it 's a loaded word choice , it would just be fait accompli . 
  taking control of their own borders is not a hostile act . 
  closing borders to one country is an hostile act . 
   some people are . 
  so those people hold different beliefs than you on certain principles . 
  hmm . 
  ( i am just joking around with you on this one )  it 's when people believe and also act on principles that are entirely against our western values is when i feel the need to speak out against said people . 
  do you speak out against people who are clearly racist or is racism not entirely against your western values ? 
  but we have a system called to take of that . 
  diplomacy . 
  not threats . 
  what are we ? 
  9-year olds ? 
   while i can agree that most muslims are peaceful and nice people who should n't be discriminated against european way of saying ' i am not racist but ... ' come on be honest . 
  you are on internet no one will judge you irl . 
   however , i am inclined to believe that parties like this do change when they hit the big time . 
  them hitting big time also implies a change in the views of people . 
  maybe they will change a bit , but not so much as they have a power base . 
  look at marine le pen , she is getting braver with her statements . 
   the condition being that the party exists in a relatively prosperous and stable nation state . 
  why ? 
  there are both rich and poor idiots . 
  hell , it is riskier with prosperous and stable countries , as a perceived threat might push people do some weird things to protect their comforts . 
   we can always put a barrier on the \u00d8resund bridge . 
  my issue is with the act , but with the reasons . 
  denmark is an independent country it can do whatever it wants . 
  look at that phrase .
