  now violence in the form of rioting would be justified ( terrorist acts would n't ) . 
  it would be if turkey was n't trying to elevate it . 
  turkey has geographical economic divide , with the west being wealthier for diverse reasons . 
  it is n't purely kurdish people . 
  turks in the east are poor , too . 
  what has the turkish government has done ? 
  well , for one , to avoid having the all the good teachers and doctors and etc. 
  in west and the worse ones in east , it has introduced a program were public servants have to often serve a few years in economically-disadvantaged regions , usually the east . 
  there has been also several infrastructure projects . 
  highways around sanliurfa is one of the best seen in turkey for example . 
  now , maybe the effects of these things are n't felt by some , however the actions of pkk to an extent is obstacle in that . 
  teachers fear for their lives ( pkk has targeted teachers before ) , so the service wo n't be the best . 
  pkk sometimes attacks infrastructure projects . 
  it is a story of the egg and the chicken . 
  maybe when progress slows down , violence erupts . 
  when violence erupts , progress stops . 
  and i would like to remind you that progress was continuing to be made . 
  while the mp is an individual , she is part of the party . 
  lack of reaction from the party is a sign of slight condoning . 
  most progress was made during periods when violent methods were n't used . 
  considering the situation in turkey , violent methods of pkk deters further progress from being made . 
  pkk and your ` peaceful ' workers does a lot more damage to the movement . 
  similar to how riots done by blacks in us do more damage to their movement . 
  that is hypocritical . 
  if you are a mp in the parliament , your methods should be lawful . 
  you do n't condone violent acts . 
  you do n't threaten kurdish village guards by telling them the rifles will be turned on them ( which hdp mp did ) . 
  you gather evidence of the abuse of the position given by the government , and then you form a committee to perform a deeper investigation , or ask for it to be formed . 
  that is peaceful participation in the government . 
  it is useless if you do not distance yourself for terrorists . 
  they started saying that pkk should cease fire . 
  edit : the honorary president of hdp was asked on bbc if he condemned or condoned the attacks . 
  [ he evaded the answer masterfully . 
  ] ( http://odatv.com/vid_video.php?id=8da88 ), 
  pkk ( or saintly-innnocent kurdish workers as some called them ) did a bunch of attacks with [ 24 security personnel killed in a month . 
  ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/24-turkish-security-personnel-killed-in-one-month-as-pkk-intensifies-attacks.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=86634&amp;newscatid=509 ) we also learned that [ us ` asked turkey ' to wait for its jets before hitting isil ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/us-asked-turkey-to-wait-for-its-jets-before-hitting-isil.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=86567&amp;newscatid=352 ), 
  peace and violence for the kurds ? 
  peace is the absence of violence . 
  at least we know how to read articles . 
  edit : if you ca n't take insults to your own country , do n't go around insulting others based some idiotic opinions of yours . 
  i knew portugal is n't the richest country in eu , but i did n't know the education was so bad . 
  people ca n't even read articles . 
  tell me then under what conditions is violent resistance valid . 
  what is the level of violence that is justified ? 
  under what conditions is the use of violence against civilians justified ? 
  is it ever ? 
  if an individual condones a group whose use of violence is unjustified , is he not a terrorist supporter ? 
  for example , the treatment of palestinians ' by the israeli is worse . 
  are the actions of hamas justified ? 
  i do n't doubt that . 
  you can stay . 
  you are an interesting case , to study . 
  from reading your comments here , it seems that you condone terrorist acts . 
  i find fascinating how people end up becoming terrorist supporters and maybe eventually terrorists themselves . 
  you make an excellent case study . 
  but mobile users sometimes ca n't see them . 
  mate , take your propaganda elsewhere man . 
  i am not sure whether you are joking or not . 
  people do n't tend to mention their country here . 
  edit your op to tell them to do it . 
  turkey . 
  are you on mobile ? 
  the one we sat out . 
  but we do n't have the date the it was asked . 
  the diplomat said :  while we are working out those details , which involve making sure that everyone who is flying over syria and iraq can do so safely because it is a pretty narrow , confined amount of airspace for a lot of high-speed aircraft to be operating in ... we asked the turkish military not to conduct independent strikes against daesh . 
  in no way does that imply that tsk was asked yesterday to wait . 
  i will try to find the whole transcript to make sure . 
  i am not sure about the date us asked turkey to wait . 
  there have been a few bombings before turkey and us started discussing about the use of incirlik base among other stuff . 
  it could be that turkey was asked to wait during or just before the talks . 
  i am turkish and i 'll do it both in english and turkish . 
  but my voice is a bit bad now . 
  would you mind if i do it tomorrow ? 
  out of curiosity , could a person buy it and sail it around the world ? 
  sometimes , it feels that leaders are playing paradox games . 
  i am not sure if that is a compliment to paradox , or not . 
  let 's hope they do n't start playing df . 
  here is a rough translation :  ** the akp delegation that did the coalition talks with chp will be presenting the report they prepared to the akp chairman and turkish pm ahmet davuto\u011flu **  akp chairman and turkish pm ahmet davuto\u011flu will receive the delegation that prepared the report tomorrow  according to the information from the prime ministry , the ceremony planned to be on 11.00 will take place in the prime minister 's official home . 
   the report prepared by the delegation that did the coalition talks with chp will be presented by the culture and tourism minister \u00d6mer \u00c7elik . 
  correct me if i mistranslated . 
  why aqua ? 
  and that 's what they want you to think . 
  / s and if you think that , you become extremely susceptible to being influenced . 
  not necessarily by the state , but by corporations , too . 
  in a way , ` free ' media is better at propaganda than controlled media . 
  if you were in soviet russia , you knew prawda told you what the party wanted to think , it was obvious . 
  so you would take things with a grain of salt . 
  with ` free ' media , it is less obvious . 
  edit : i am not saying that free media must be replaced with state-controlled media , i am pointing out that it can be a dangerous tool . 
  it was a satirical statement about the rise to prominence of ` far-right ' groups in europe in recent years . 
  dude , americans hate our way of life . 
  i mean not all americans are bad , but their way of life is n't compatible with ours . 
  they have multi-ethnic cities * shudders * for goodness sake . 
  i did n't mean in an anti-american way . 
  just that / u/fuchsiamatter 's comment reminded me of that study . 
  hell , if we did a similar study with europeans we might find similar results . 
  i remember reading somewhere that americans hate iranians more than iranians hate americans . 
  keyword : ** can ** / s, 
  a protest is done along legal lines with the cooperation of law enforcement . 
  you know , you get a permission , etc.
