  officially , it is weird . 
  refugees are n't directly given full refugee status . 
  from what i heard , it is mainly because refugee can work a certain amount , and having about 2m people suddenly entering the workforce can be destructive . 
  it is a mess of official terms . 
  they can get the right to work by passing through certain channels , and many do work unofficially . 
  now , about the people . 
  you would find some people whining about the beggar , especially on internet but irl they are n't many . 
  there have been some local charities trying to provide help . 
  some time ago , there were news on reddit of couple who feed 4,000 refugees on their weeding day . 
  there has been some low-level conflict , like small fight between shop owners and refugees but those have n't escalated to anything . 
  edit : i forgot to mention . 
  a lot of people also think that you are either heartless bastards or horribly incompetent . 
  ohh , good for you guys . 
  it means you are slightly better than saudi arabia . 
  nuclear bombs are like ~ ~ chemotherapy ~ ~ radiotherapy . 
  get out of here with your well-informed opinion . 
  middle-class have some of the blame . 
  who do you think is buying all the stuff ? 
  the west is supposed to be democracies , right ? 
  so middle class , who make up a good portion of the voters , have some blame for the foreign policies . 
  not all of it . 
  a portion of it . 
  ohh , the middle class had something to do with that shit . 
   just in a practical `` we 're all going to die if we do n't '' sort of way . 
  more of a ` there is going to be wars all over the place , collapse of order , maybe a few nuclear bombing of few places ', 
   you seem to be a veritable font of logic , so then , explain to me how it is the responsibility and duty of the wealthy countries of europe to fix the world 's problems ? 
  well , the european 's started to industrialise first . 
  gave rise to global warming . 
  the demand for cheap products , mainly from wealthy countries , gave incentive to industrialise , giving climate change more speed . 
  a very simplified explanation to be frank . 
  there are a few things i did n't mention , like the drain of wealth by wealthy countries from the less fortunate among others , setting up of dictators , both governmental and corporate . 
  neither did i. 
  but then again , a comic wo n't lie will they ? 
  only people outside eu that i heard criticising eu is turkey , and considering we have the lion 's share of refugees , we might have that right . 
  do n't matter if you ca n't pay it back . 
  we will lend you more money to help you pay back the money we lent you . 
  the article has an editorialised and biased title . 
  the ship was heading to misrata ( at least as far as the information we have ) , controlled by islamists but not is . 
  hell , the article even mentions that the city has been attacked by is offshoots . 
   news website fleshnews.gr identified the vessel as a bolivian-flagged cargo ship operated by a mixed syrian , egyptian and indian crew . 
  the report said the ship had left from turkey and was heading to the libyan city of misrata . 
  [ ... ] misrata is currently controlled by an islamist coalition that took over the capital , tripoli , last year , ousting the internationally recognised government and installing a rival administration . 
  the city has recently suffered attacks from is militants , based in nearby sirte . 
  i see you have all information to make necessary deductions . 
  in turkey , there is a system where some public servants like teachers , doctors , police have to spend a few years in the eastern regions , to avoid having all the best ones in the west . 
  most people try to get over with as quickly as possible . 
  rarely do people stay there willingly . 
  even the locals . 
  apparently this doctors was there willingly . 
  not entirely sure on the former . 
  seems icelanders actually have warm hearts . 
  yeah , maybe i should n't have added the serious note . 
  ohh , i did n't know that . 
  that is interesting . 
  btw , many scholars i know actually advise a religious + legal marriage meaning having gone through the religious process , they should also go through the legal process . 
  f ** king middle-eastern immigrants ruining europe !, 
  / s note : read about the origin of the roma , before you yell at me . 
  more so , why should people care ? 
  in front of uk law , how is this any different than a boyfriend-girlfriend relation ? 
  two people share an eventually intimate relation without the recognition of the state . 
  and if you were a religious minority in the ottoman empire in 16th-17th century , just pay a tax ( with eventual complication here and there sometimes ), 
  the early republicans did put a lot of effort to distance themselves from the ottoman empire ; the name of cities were changed , the language was reformed , bans on clothing etc. 
  the relation between the modern turkish identity and the ottomans is something weird . 
  you are welcome . 
  expanding european kommentarsraum . 
  german detected . 
  expanding european kommentarsraum . 
  german detected . 
  let 's be serious . 
  it is n't that either . 
  there was more than 3 questions . 
  humans , i guess, 
  there was a truce . 
  on the same day , there was a bombing in suruc by daesh , and the killing of two policemen in their own house by pkk . 
  the day after that , pkk killed another policemen . 
  turkey bombed pkk camps and some daesh positions ( apparently the us asked turkey to wait to coordinate bombings in syria ) in the last month , they killed 40 + people . 
  hmm . 
  where do i start ? 
  might as well celebrate it while there is still a ukraine , ehh ? 
  probably but then again i just woke up . 
  i once read that the majority of attacks against muslims in europe happen to women . 
  interpret it the way you want . 
  no , you do n't get it . 
  i do n't care what you do in your own home . 
  but i do care when your actions affect others . 
  you are pushing an agenda , mate . 
  you came here with the intent to remind people that muslims are evil . 
  it is n't something you do in private . 
  it is in public . 
  but ai n't nobody got time for that . 
  which is very very sad . 
  no , you are not . 
  insulting people for no reason than fun does n't add much to society , and considering the current climate , it is harming . 
  but that is my point of view . 
  i might be very well be wrong . 
  that is why every needs to have freedom to speak . 
  so that i can voice my concerns for your uselessness , the same way you can question my place in society . 
  ohh , i understand that you have that freedom . 
  but nonetheless , i can very well treat you like the dysfunctional member of society you are . 
  well , under the rule of umar , there were korans burned .
