  you do n't have to . 
  you have the right to be treated as an individual . 
  as far as i know , refugees either are given right to work or can apply for a working permit . 
  and the guy said he wanted to work . 
  wait a minute . 
  why the ` do n't hate me ' ? 
  is no one going to mention that this fellow felt the need to apologize for people he has no link to ? 
  dude the fuck happened to / r/europe ? 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  he said he wanted to work . 
  both vale and dorne have one ( it 's got , everyone schemes ) . 
  i was thinking of the mountains really . 
  i would see ourselves more as the vale . 
  it was foreign troops from both greek and turkish governments with large reductions in numbers . 
  saying no to referendums is greek tradition i would guess . 
  [ according to wikipedia , in the referendum ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cypriot_annan_plan_referendums,_2004 ) , 65 % of turks said yes . 
  75 % of greeks said no . 
  it proposed to restructure the island into something similar to switzerland , with two states linked with a federal system copied from switzerland . 
  mind explain how it was making cyprus into an overseas territory . 
  during the last talks of reunification , turkey supported . 
  / edit : iirc the greeks were against it . 
  i asked for a cappuccino , and they still did n't bring it . 
  i am not sure about it in this case , but it tends to be coffee shops given the status of cultural centre to avoid taxes and regulation . 
  while it is not as strong as fear of racism , i noticed a few things in real life here and there . 
  in a way it is . 
  it is harder to call racism racism as people accuse you of being too pc . 
  that can be arranged . 
  that i heard of . 
  but not exactly the way he said it . 
  note : while it is allowed to comment on other languages , you should give a translation for the others . 
  i thought you meant ottomans making it seem like an enemy attacked them to annex a region , but it seemed weird considering the state of the ottomans in wwi . 
  the version with the german boat is frankly more believable . 
  that i heard of . 
  multiple different versions . 
  i never heard of that one . 
  even muslims think that . 
  especially the muslims . 
  hebrews and arabs are both semitic . 
  well , technically speaking most kosher food is hallal , too . 
  turk is a metal . 
  like lead , you get out turk out of your system . 
  there is no hope . 
  you are one of us . 
  did n't you hear ? 
  [ hallal food makes you a muslims ] ( http://rt.com/news/272368-sweden-halal-meat-muslims/ ) . 
  so a kebab makes you a turk . 
  unknowingly you have been all become turks . 
  the time will come and you will know it . 
  guys , while hating the greeks we forgot about hating the immigrants . 
  damn it , it is hard being european . 
  you got ta hate greeks and the immigrants at the same time ? 
  i have n't got time for that . 
   are they refuges or not ? 
  refugie ! = economic migrant . 
  you just mentioned refugees becoming economic immigrants a comments ago . 
   life in unfair . 
  i think arabs are capable of running their own countries . 
  do n't you think ? 
  besides , if you move all the arabs to european countries , they will be ... arab countries !, 
  and arabs want to escape arab countries right ? 
  who the hell has been talking about moving all the arabs to europe ? 
   i do n't see in your link any country from my list . 
  it seems that only syria neighbors are actually taking refuges . 
  why do n't you push rich saudis to help ? 
  china ? 
  indonesia ? 
  because europe is rich and if it were to man up , it can do a lot . 
  so can the saudis and the gulf arabs . 
  so can to an extent china and brasil . 
  is n't it uncompassionate to help someone you can ? 
  the lack of compassion of others does n't make yours any more acceptable . 
   and refuges tend not to go back to their countries when war is over and turn to economic migrants . 
  that is the attitude that pisses me off . 
  do you think that you will be able to integrate them when you expecting to go away ? 
  your attitudes will be different , and they will feel it . 
  i resist all the time people desires for better job at interview . 
  yes , and i presume you do it fairly among the candidates ? 
  how is it fair that someone does n't even have a chance ? 
  is n't it unfair that a pole has better chances in life than an arab for the simple fact the pole was born a pole and the arab an arab ? 
   how many immigrants you have to bring there to stop it being sweden as we know it and become like place where immigrants came from ? 
  2 millions ? 
  5 millions ? 
  10 millions ? 
  there are several millions turks in germany . 
  did germany stop being germany ? 
   btw , how many refuges other brothers in faith are planing to take ? 
  saudi arabia , iran , qatar , kuwait , indonesia ? 
  do n't you think they are better candidates then poland ? 
  [ relevant link . 
  ] ( http://greenmediabox.eu/syrianrefugees/ ) we are n't talking about poland taking in all the refugees , and not even europe taking them all in . 
  we are simply asking for some compassion , something it seems europe is lacking . 
   btw , how many refuges other brothers in faith are planing to take ? 
  saudi arabia , iran , qatar , kuwait , indonesia ? 
  do n't you think they are better candidates then poland ? 
  but keep in mind that those things you see tend to be minorities . 
  hell the reason you might be getting the impression you get in sweden can be because that is the things you would notice . 
  would you notice the more-or-less well integrated muslims ? 
  i have read studies saying that a lot of muslims in the us were for gay rights , and i have read similar things in germany . 
  do you think it is acceptable that someone is blocked because you do n't treat them as an individual ? 
  do n't people have the right to be treated as individuals rather judged because their group ?
