  would you mind giving examples of these rights ? 
  edit : btw are you suggesting that the actions of pkk is justified because of this ? 
  what ? 
  i am your bike . 
  that is how i know . 
  edit : i was joking . 
  i did n't look at anything . 
  i knew it . 
  your ass is too fine to belong to a man . 
  i am telling you ~ ~ man ~ ~ , i am a knock-off . 
  i never been to japan . 
  i only caught a glimpse of it from the ship . 
  the maker was an uighur turk ? 
  the shopkeeper sold you a knock-off . 
  i am your bike ? 
  what part am i spot on ? 
  hey , who do you think scared dracula so much that he did n't leave his castle for so long ? 
  and then he only left to run away to england . 
  nah , they know i mean well . 
  they wo n't hurt me ... 
  people keep missing the obvious intention , do n't they ? 
  but then again if they keep missing , it might not be that obvious . 
  i do n't know . 
  the mod team has put us on the map , and painted us blue . 
  hey , mods you made a mistake . 
  of course not . 
  * hides the rockets behind the curtain * * smiles *, 
  ohh . 
  i tend to assume that everyone in the balkans kinda dislikes us . 
  and also , you do n't know me . 
  maybe i am immortal . 
  evil men as the far as the eye can see ? 
  i was thinking about ... you know ... us . 
  do n't sweat it . 
  pkk is a terrorist organisation . 
  kurds are people living in turkey , syria , iraq , and iran . 
  while pkk is a kurdish group , it does n't mean pkk represents all the kurds . 
  there are kurds all along the spectrum . 
  hell , there are kurdish ministers in the akp government . 
  but , but ... 
  i do mock you . 
  maybe . 
  but then again , hdp seemed to kinda side with pkk . 
  hdp has allegedly some links to pkk . 
  so if it was edo , hdp would have known . 
  so unless hdp or pkk is in it too , i very much doubt it . 
  edit : please avoid conflating pkk and the kurds . 
  it is a touchy and delicate subject . 
  you also had evil men of the east , right ? 
  ohh cringe harder baby . 
  because of the solution process , pkk was asked to leave , which they did . 
  last year , they killed 3 policemen because apparently kurdish refugees were being badly treated . 
  after daesh bomber killed 33 ( ? ), 
  people on route to kobane in suruc a few weeks ago , pkk killed 2 policemen in their homes . 
  then another 2 ( ? ), 
  the next day . 
  taf bombed pkk and daesh ( apparently us asked us to wait to coordonate attacks ) . 
  now they are throwing a sissy fit . 
  almost everyday pkk kill 2-3 policemen or soldiers . 
  daesh has n't done much since suruc , i think . 
  someone attacked the us consulate in istanbul , many thought it was daesh . 
  turned out it was dhkp/c ( communist from 80s ) . 
  do n't forget the teachers . 
  i find that the best venue to attack . 
  any time a pkk supporters says something stupid , show that they are stupid , and say something along the lines of ` but then again , pkk kills teachers ', 
  but i wo n't . 
  ai n't the internet the best ? 
  if you are offended look somewhere else . 
  nah , i 'll mock you . 
  the same way i would mock a trump supporter . 
  see the joke was that he told me to cut everything . 
  so i cut everything , including my body . 
  i did . 
  now there is blood everywhere . 
  then what ? 
  oh , fellow evil genius . 
  say . 
  how may i improve it ? 
  is your username a reference to warhammer 40k ? 
  pkk kills policemen , hdp fails to condemn them and turkey is rekindling a conflict . 
  perfect . 
  you will be blamed . 
  here is evil genius part . 
  we will make it seem as if we were being kind . 
  i mean we were giving out food . 
  when being evil it is ideal that you do n't seem evil in the eyes of society . 
  similarly , if you were giving out food in front of a mosque and had posters insulting people like bin laden , if your shit gets wrecked , the society will not blame you . 
  if you are going to be evil , be smart about it . 
  i know , because as a muslim turk , i am naturally evil so i have been practising for a long time . 
  so wait . 
  comparing normal muslims to violent extremist is okay because we share a religion ? 
  btw it was n't a comparison between neo-nazis and normal germans . 
  the joke was founded on the idea that all germans bear the responsibility of the actions of these few . 
  this idea is ridiculous , right ? 
  en de nederlanders zijn van ~ ~ ons ~ ~ onze edit : i do n't speak dutch , i used google . 
  tell me if it is wrong . 
  that is the point . 
  provocation . 
  i mean at best/worst they get grumbly and go back and talk about how horrible non-germans are around the ` happy holocaust ' bbq , and we share food with locals which is a nice act . 
  at worst/best , they will act .
