  a peasant kid which shows potential could end in a very respected place ( a thing many europeans ignore is that the devshirme could become bureaucrats as well as military ) . 
  it allows social mobility . 
  true that they were technically slaves . 
  but also consider that they allot of influence , as several sultans were dethroned by them . 
  i agree with you , man . 
  we should start being more critical of news articles in general , not only in matters of religion , race , politics but everything . 
  and , i think the reason idiot like me attempt to inspire some critical thinking is because useless idiots go on full attack mode . 
  with the kurds of course . 
  some of the nicest roads in turkey are in the south-east ( when the terrain allows for it , turkey is very mountainous sometimes ) . 
  the same goes for other infrastructure . 
  teachers have to spend a few years in east as many would want to move to the western side . 
  a few years ago , a national kurdish tv channel was put in place . 
  there are several more , i think . 
  20-30 years it might have been impossible . 
  would you consider these as efforts ? 
  there is some recognition on a state level . 
  but , you are ignoring this . 
  turkey has so many people with so many different views . 
  it is impossible to make someone happy without pissing someone else off . 
  so it might better to use some caution . 
  yeah , i guess you are right . 
  i just found it a bit odd that the ethnicity was missing . 
  the thing i meant is that there might have been some ethnic tensions between two groups with different religions . 
  the article does not mention the ethnicity of the murderers and the victims , which might have been important to understanding the situation . 
  sorry for trying to approach the article a bit differently . 
  it might not be religious though . 
  it might be ethnic or cultural . 
  it does not make it any better , but it is better to draw those lines . 
  yes , it is for a kurd to tell . 
  if you just point out the bad , things wo n't get better . 
  another thing , i will gladly be friendly to someone . 
  however , if their reaction is kinda hostile , would you continue to be friendly ? 
  ottomans had a system called millet ( millet means nation in turkish ) . 
  the people of empire were divided into millets along ethno-religious lines , like the greek orthodox christians had their own thing separate from the armenian orthodox christians and etc. 
  taxes were collected through the leaders of these millets which were elected by the group . 
  additionally , every millet had their laws and courts . 
  this meant that a greek orthodox christian criminals was punished according to christian laws , jews according to jewish law , etc. 
  the sole exception to this was when the case was between two millets . 
  in this case , a muslim judge would preside over the case , though which laws were used does not seem to be agreed on . 
  i have read islamic law being used , i also read muslim judges using a somewhat common law . 
  i guess that it depended on the judges themselves . 
  edit : i might be wrong on some stuff , i will gladly correct stuff if pointed out . 
   maybe the reason for that is because they live in a state that treats these people poorly in the first place . 
  we treated people badly . 
  there were times when names of kurdish languages where changed ( though we did also change the names of many turkish places ) . 
  many would accept we were at fault . 
  but , there are effort to make up for it . 
  does n't that count for anything ? 
  i should introduce you to spine armenians i have ( unfortunately ) met . 
  the oil in the middle-east fuelling more conflict . 
  conflict gives rise to more technology . 
  we eventually very familiar with military tech of different kinds , and different strategies at different environments . 
  then , an alien empire comes and uses us as soldiers . 
  losing was part of the plan . 
  another conspiracy i like is that how the ottomans planned the first world war . 
  the conspiracy goes like this : the ottomans chose to have the baghdad railway built by the german over other nations , like gb , so that germany would strength itself thanks to the capital . 
  a stronger germany would increase tensions in europe resulting in a war , leaving a weaker europe , allowing for the ottomans to raise back to power . 
  i will agree that with most that we did not treat the kurds right . 
  but , we are in a way trying to undo it . 
  edit : there is something really important , something that binds the turk and pole . 
  something as strong as steel . 
  we were both hurt by the russians . 
  the military was actually trying that . 
  a weird question , but how would you feel if someone went around vandalisng the statues ? 
  edit : i am on a list somewhere , are n't i ? 
  it is in the dlc, 
  that column is actually turk + greek, 
   taliban received from america in order to repel the soviet invaders allowed the already pre-existing extremist sunni 's in afghanistan to become the biggest and most well equipped militia . 
  us did n't fund taliban per se . 
  they funded mujahideen that some did join taliban . 
  iirc taliban came from some deobandi students ( taliban means students ) as a sort-of a reaction to unstable period after the war . 
  was it ever readable ? 
  i mean , al nusra which is al ` queda in syria has fought daesh on occasions , did n't they ? 
  does that make them good ? 
  see it does in reddit . 
  us is good . 
  them are bad . 
  while i do n't like erdogan , i do n't hate him like many guys around here . 
  btw , what makes you think that the world is leaving religion behind ? 
  i mean , many religions are growing . 
  plus atheism has very low retention rates . 
  authoritarian capitalism has actually worked relatively well in places like singapore and china . 
  while true , there is more to a government than economic growth , almost all governments are legitimised through economic prosperity . 
  even the democratic ones . 
  there has been several proposition to resolve the issue of cyprus . 
  annan plan for example , that proposed to reconstruct the island into something similar to switzerland . 
  it would also greatly reduce the military presence . 
  it was supported by the un and the eu . 
  turkey and turkish cyprus was for . 
  the greeks rejected it . 
  the issues with the freedom of press started recently . 
  arguably after the eu talks fell apart and akp took a more authoritarian approach . 
  this type of authoritarian capitalism has worked well around the world , and a good alternative to eu for economic growth . 
  [ this would suggest otherwise . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/accession_of_turkey_to_the_european_union#negotiation_progress ), 
  not really . 
  in matters of money , everybody has more or less the same culture . 
  edit : happy cakeday . 
  did n't the greeks reject all the propositions ? 
   i think the turks should take a hint since few europeans want to be blunt and honest .
