  see umar standardised the way koran was written as the script used was n't same everywhere similar to how the latin alphabet can be read differently . 
  many people also would say that burning things is a respectable way to dispose of them like flags in denmark . 
  you do . 
  ahh , reminds me of what dylan roof said when he shot up that church, 
   til ~ ~ people ~ ~ migrants are ~ ~ child rapists ~ ~ guilty of any crime until proven innocent . 
  ftfy, 
  wait , a greek protecting turks ? 
  damn it must be the apocalypse around the corner . 
  and you guys sat around and had a w. . k . one of you even helped . 
  yes , it is hyperbolic . 
  12,000 is not an invasion . 
  damn those immigrants . 
  coming here and dying so that we ca n't have fireworks . 
  it is very nice and humble of you . 
  what a wonderful mod . 
  i chatted with them too . 
  they seem okay . 
  i regularly ask politely mods of different subs questions . 
  they tend to reply . 
  do n't sweat it . 
  although if the mod team put up an explanatory post , it would be nice . 
  the mods removed it . 
  they told me that they are looking for new ways to handle things . 
  edit : mods are people , too , you can talk to them . 
  writing evil brown is redundant . 
  brown implies evil in one form or another . 
  three months ? 
  when turkey fights them hard enough , your lovely media writes ` turkey attacking kurds ' . 
  during the last few years , during the solution process there was quiet a bit of progress made , too . 
  wait , the megathreads are gone ? 
  i know what self-determination is . 
  so let 's ask the kurds . 
  what is the percentage of kurds who want independence ? 
  i know of some studies that suggest that the percentage is as low as 10 % . 
  but both sides are too afraid to do any serious polls , so those numbers are n't that reliable . 
  so what we have is the study i shared with you . 
  yes , there are differences . 
  similar to how quebec has differences from the rest of canada . 
  did we also save one of their king 's ass ? 
  at this point , who is n't ? 
  you know why ? 
  because european law allows me . 
  note : i sincerely hope you are young and going through a racist phase . 
  if not , i pity the tax krona spent on you . 
  ohh , you read it , too . 
  i was speaking of the present . 
  it is bad to be stuck in the past . 
  and , nah we do n't eat that much cereal in turkey . 
  i will try to choke on ... the bread , if that 'll make you happy ? 
  heh , who am i kidding , you are incapable of being happy . 
  you called me a racist . 
  i did n't know / r/european could be funny . 
  now , shoo back to your pit . 
  do n't make me get the broom . 
  remove the bedsheets if you are hot enough . 
  how am i keen on denying it ? 
  i spoke of the current situation . 
  i will not deny that some past governments have some bad stuff . 
  anyway , it seems you are ignorant , and have a thick skull ( got ta have to avoid the niggas , am i right ? 
  ) , and i have to go to a breakfast . 
  i do n't hear people asking neo-nazis to leave . 
  i wrote the comment before your edit . 
  so what about the rights of kurds ? 
  they have right to vote . 
  they participate in the political system , join parties and form ones themselves . 
  we have kurdish ministers in the current akp government , and have had presidents of kurdish origin . 
  there is a geographical economic inequality in turkey ( which affects both kurds and turks ) , but there has been a lot of efforts to improve with large and small projects to improve the infrastructure . 
  i am not a hypocrite . 
  you are just ignorant . 
  that would explain / r/european though . 
  kurdish language is n't banned . 
  in school , if a 10 students ask for it , a kurdish language class has to be opened . 
  there are plans to open a kurdish university . 
  there is a state-funded kurdish channel , with several other private ones . 
  [ what do you know about the public perception of the problem ? 
  ] ( http://arsiv.setav.org/ups/dosya/8504.pdf ) what is the percentage of kurds who want independence ? 
  now this is is going to come of as rude , but if you are under-informed to form an opinion do n't fucking form a fucking opinion . 
  you are right . 
  same thing can be said of swedes . 
  ohh , right !, 
  swedes are perfect , are they ? 
  now back to your pit . 
  back to / r/european . 
  as citizens , they have the right to vote and have political opinions . 
  having political opinions different than yours should n't immediately result in a veiled call for their expulsion . 
  damn those refugees , making it seem like they lost their homes to come here steal our jobs and being lazy . 
  they are citizens of germany . 
  they have the right to stay . 
  i thought we were the easterlings . 
  that was uncalled for . 
  well when you invade greece , you might as well invade the rest . 
  like tuck you in ? 
  i dunno it is a bit hot , i think you would be better with loose covers . 
  so if you are hot , you can remove them . 
  would n't a horse be too big ? 
  like how will it fit in the bed ? 
  so what about the donkey cuddled up on your bed ? 
  close enough, 
  girl the only thing i am saying is that you have a lovely donkey . 
  nothing more .
