  the somalian communities in europe . 
  special programmes where people are educated and work at the same time could work with enough care , and understanding between the immigrants and the locals . 
   most europeans are comfortable with foreigners , but only up to a point : unlike new world nations like the us , we have millennia - old cultures we cherish and wish to preserve , even with our low birth rates . 
  high immigration necessarily leads to things like the zwarte piet controversy , and being pressured by cultural outsiders to adapt to them is a strong argument for the far right . 
  for example , the culture in switzerland and austria strongly revolves around christianity , homeland and mountains . 
  as a result , to preserve their environment , the swiss voted to ban minarets . 
  europeans are n't comfortable with change . 
  that reduces adaptability . 
  in a world where non-european powers are rising , that can put them in a serious disadvantage . 
   we have lots of problems with integrating our migrants , especially their children . 
  this is reflected by our high rates of isis recruits . 
  adding to the mix a low level of education and unquestioning tolerance without assimilation ( as seen in sweden ) , you get lots of future isis members . 
  the problem you mention is mostly a problem of political integration ( this is also the root of the erdogan 's weaponising of immigrants ) . 
  there are countries in europe where most immigrants are well integrated , and some where they are n't . 
  some studies like [ this one ] ( http://mirekoc.ku.edu.tr/sites/mirekoc.ku.edu.tr/files/political%20integration%20of%20turks%20in%20the%20u.s.%20and%20the%20netherlands%20-%20a%20comparative%20study%20of%20the%20role%20of%20turkish%20immigrant%20organizations%20%28i%c5%9f%c4%b1l%20an%c4%b1l%29.pdf ) , suggest an important is the policies and attitudes of the host country . 
   migrants tend to concentrate in big cities and capitals . 
  i 'm not sure people would like to see brussels go from 30 % to 50 % or more muslims . 
  it 'd undeniably bring a big change in the city 's mentality , culture ( no adapting needed , so we 'd just be importing middle-eastern culture and values ) and atmosphere in general . 
  setting programmes to find people homes in more or less fair manner should solve that . 
  most of these problems seem solvable as long you are responsible and act intelligently . 
  the biggest problem here it seems to be the unadaptability of european culture . 
  so the biggest question , how in the 9 hells do we solve that ? 
  change in education , maybe ? 
  most european countries focus mostly on their own histories and literature . 
  some reforms could be made with the aim of giving the new generation a more global view . 
  that way the desire to preserve might be replaced by a desire to adapt and evolve . 
  i am mostly speculating . 
  more ideas are welcome . 
   free speech is important and terrorist attacks is what actually happened , repeatedly , to people who used their free speech to make fun of the prophet . 
  yet people tend to equate all muslims with terrorism . 
  the problem is there exists a minority of muslim people who get really angry about stuff . 
  do you read about all muslims trying to kill these people ? 
  no you do n't . 
  there are a lot of muslims simply ignore provocation like these . 
  who show their discontent less violently . 
  the pictures themselves do n't really piss me off . 
  i am merely showing my discontent . 
  but when you come along and using your mighty prejudices , treat me like that minority of idiots . 
  treat all muslims like them . 
  now this pisses me off . 
   who appears to come up with excuses or rationalizations for such violent behaviour , as you are doing right now . 
  what ? 
  i merely mentioned things that were already said by people who studied the reasoning of these people . 
  it is important to understand the reasons behind these actions , to eventually better avoid them . 
  if you are uncomfortable with that , well ... tough luck . 
  i had several . 
  which one ? 
  it was mostly a joke , with the aim of disturbing some people ( and by my vote count it seems i was successful ) . 
  the second meaning was the one i was going for . 
  while it is untrue that the only form free speech is n't ` insulting minorities ' , it almost put on a pedestal . 
  i find that wrong . 
  it goes almost against the principle reason we have free speech . 
  why not let them in ? 
  help the european people become more comfortable with foreigners . 
  a huge portion of that money will go back to africa , as a majority is men , who have families to feed behind , which speed up the improvement of life quality back home . 
  i was trying to be poetic . 
  yes , my point . 
  but as the voting dynamics go , i thought i might as well make it poetic . 
   i can do all that and still expect no violent retaliation . 
  what do you think works such as `` piss christ '' did to christians ? 
  it is the same thing . 
  any normal human being should react nonviolently to such shameful displays , either ignore it or express their disagreement in a civilized manner . 
  when people do those things , you idiots come up and yell about ` free speech ' and accusing them of terrorism . 
  when you make it extremely hard to express your discontent non-violently , you should be prepared for some violent reactions . 
  and still it is a minority who reacts that way . 
   they will not be everywhere , they will be shown here and there but unless someone is actively looking them up in an effort to get outraged , they will hardly even see it . 
  true . 
  some people are actually sensitive unlike you . 
  but we are criticising their his effort to so . 
   oh cut the crap and grow up . 
  i 'll save my tears for the millions of christians , yazidis and other infidels living under the violent oppression of islam . 
  on a daily basis , hundreds of innocents are being killed in the name of islam and apart from a show for the cameras here and there , the only that really angers muslims is a fucking cartoon . 
  ohh bullshit with your tears . 
  we took in close to 2 million refugees , while uk talks about letting a few hundred more in . 
  it is you guys who do shows for the camera . 
  all but hot air . 
  i care ' . 
  ohh no you do n't . 
  you just need an excuse to rant about ` those ' people . 
  you want an excuse to bully and be a douche and be able to walk out consequence-free . 
   yes we expect people who move and settle in europe to conform to our values . 
  if not they are free to move back to morocco or turkey or whatever shithole they escaped from where the gov ' t very kindly censors these cartoons for them and protects their poor fragile feelings from the evils of free speech . 
  so people you were saving your tears for . 
  maybe they should conform the same way you want other people to conform to you . 
  what self-righteous bullshit . 
  you are so incapable of interacting with people who hold different values than you . 
  you are close-minded . 
   humanity never has and probably never will eradicate the source , police and jails are necessity , not water splashing . 
  you could minimize the source . 
  social and economic injustices are the cause of many criminal problems . 
  the smugglers are n't the source . 
  it is the desire to live a better life and do n't have the means to achieve so in their own countries . 
  you can shut down a few smuggling rings . 
  but people will still want to live a better life . 
  new ones will appear . 
  the surviving smugglers will get better , as you took out the competitions . 
  as some smugglers get richer , more smugglers will appear . 
  as more smugglers appear , more people will think it 'll be easier to enter europe . 
   so no , people do not lash out just because someone is making fun of their religious figure . 
  you are n't just making fun of a religious figure .
