   why mention it then ? 
  sometimes conversation get too heated . 
  some friendly teasing can ease the tension a bit . 
  wilders is an ass and that he is n't representative of most of you , i know that . 
   there are plenty of successes , but personally i see more failures . 
  i spent sometime trying to research about integration of turks in netherlands , because i have n't heard much about them . 
  i know about the german turks . 
  not only did i find very little about lack of integration , i found some articles praising the policies of netherlands which help improve integration . 
  now i think we might already had this conversation . 
  it might be confirmation bias . 
  you might have had slight bias , and as you tend to notice unintegrated turks , it reinforced your hypothesis . 
  now about culture . 
  every culture developed from something else . 
  it evolved and changed . 
  you said you want to preserve your culture for your grandchildren . 
  but your culture and that of your grandparents is n't the same . 
  you took what you though was good and filled in the rest with other stuff . 
  so will your grandchildren . 
  in a way attempting to preserve the culture will be harmful to it , as it wo n't be able to adapt . 
  now last time we discussed this for a long time and it was fun . 
  but if the conversation goes the same direction , i will stop . 
  so let 's try to discuss something different ( like ... do you like avocados ? ), 
  or discuss it from a different perspective . 
   just because we have trauma influence our relationship with judaism does n't mean that 's how it should be . 
  ideally we would treat no religion in a privileged manner , as no religion can be superior to another in the eyes of the state ( only if the state is secular though , like france or turkey ) . 
  that 's why this front page is a good wake-up call : it shows that we treat some religions as `` untouchable '' , when we really should n't . 
  those are n't only religions . 
  they also represent cultural/ethnic minorities , too , and extreme violence towards minorities do n't just appear out of blue one day . 
  there tends to be a whole baggage of misguided opinions , similar to what the front-page can reinforce . 
  that is why it is bad . 
  it is dangerous . 
  and with the rise of nationalist parties , frankly it makes me a bit scared . 
  i would n't want to see you guys become genocidal maniacs . 
  believe it or not , i actually like you guys + gals . 
  yes , company . 
  i was talking to someone else , and it kind got mixed up . 
   here in the netherlands we are well comfortable with foreigners . 
  all ? 
  geert wilders , too ? 
  ( just messing with you , ignore this ) from wikipedia :  international organization for migration ( iom ) estimates suggest that between the start of 2015 and the middle of april , 21,000 migrants had reached the italian coast and 900 migrants had died in the mediterranean . 
  yep , 21.00 is going to take over europe which has a population of ~ ~ 742.000.000 ~ ~ 506,913,394 . 
  if a relatively small population of immigrants make you so scared about your culture , it means you are n't as comfortable you imply . 
  their presence if too much makes you scared . 
  you talk so much about cultures and how its going to die . 
  better integration policies can be taken ( i did show the study which compared the policies of netherlands and germany , right ? 
  ) , so that the immigrants eventually adopt to an extent the dutch culture . 
  that way can it can survive . 
  look at the romans . 
  they were open to new people . 
  they assimilated new cultures to their own . 
  and after 1500 years after their fall , the spirit of their culture lives . 
  better !, 
  the persians !, 
  if a culture closes itself to new people and other cultures , it is destined to die off , it is n't a matter of if but a matter of ` when ' . 
  the only way for a culture to survive is the only way a living being survives . 
  adapt and evolve . 
  true it brings attention to the somewhat more privileged status of some minorities . 
  it completely ignores the history and origin of this privileged status , which is extremely important in this subject-matter , right ? 
  without it , it simply reinforces bigoted ideas like ` jews ruling the country ' or ` muslims taking over ' . 
  that is a bad form of comedy . 
  good comedy should make you question ideas like those . 
  side note : i tend to replace muhammed in cartoons with an average muslim from the pov of the cartoonist , as that tend to be thing they attack in a misguided manner . 
  not necessarily . 
  there are countries which corruption is a result of economic difficulties , where the government are n't total dictators . 
  improvement of economic situation can reduce the corruption . 
  some fuckheads could be somewhat reasoned with . 
  as neighbouring countries with not-so totalitarian regimes improve with our aid , others might be compelled to do the same . 
  now it must be done with correct intention . 
  when your ancestors colonised they did it with the intention to exploit , which is what some countries like nestle did/does . 
  if you take actions with the intent to make money in a relatively short-time , it wo n't work . 
  the earth is my land , the sun my banner . 
   then there 's also the fact that cartoonists are not academics : they draw what they see and feel in society , it 's not their job to argue why , how and who . 
  and that is a huge problem . 
  there are comedian , such as john oliver , who fact-check stuff , whose jokes are smart . 
  some cartoons are very prejudiced and ignorant , but we mount them to level where they are untouchable . 
  a place were we ca n't criticise them . 
  that can give too much power at the hands of the ignorant people . 
  the pieces in the contest were ... interesting . 
  you could take most of them as valid criticisms of muslims with some mental gymnastics . 
  however , criticism is useless if the target is n't gain anything from it . 
  the form of these works makes it impossible for them to be any use . 
  it served no purpose . 
  fun fact : the word we use for colonies in turkish is s\u00f6m\u00fcrge which comes from the word s\u00f6m\u00fcrmek which means to exploit . 
  europe exploited africa . 
  a considerable amount of wealth in europe is there because this . 
  at least you could give some it back . 
  fighting back in a non-constructive way makes the vicious cycle makes it even more vicious , does n't it though ? 
  which puts the right in an even greater risk . 
  now another thing is that people made charlie hebdo shut up or apologize like that case with the drawing of jews while not as controversial as shooting was a violation of ` freee speeeech ! ', 
  people seem to get so overworked about . 
  nobody started drawing jews after that , did they ? 
  this is another point which really annoys me . 
  most of these people are insincere . 
  most of them are not defending these because free speech , are they ? 
  of course not . 
  not all of them . 
  some of them maybe ? 
  you ca n't know without trying . 
   these people are mostly ineducated , so educating them will cost lots of money and time . 
  in fact , it 's likely that they will either undermine wages by working illegally or be unemployed like many in e.g.
