brilliant . 
  i do n't think germany will get far when trying to get the cia agents to stand trial ( i believe the us has already said unofficially that this will never happen ) but its great precedent for the ecthr to have . 
  hopefully we can now have more cases like this and the ecthr can be a stronger voice of opposition both to the us 's belief that its own security trumps any european citizen 's rights and also to any european nations like my own who ( i fear ) would be first to collaborate in these types of violations . 
  good , good , good . 
  \\  50 % of the uk population disagrees . 
  unfortunately . 
  he 's not saying if they have a nasty opinion then report it he said if they break the rules report it . 
  having odious opinions is not breaking the rules . 
  at least that 's what i got anyway . 
  \\* shrug \\*, 
   the fact that they 're not being enforced does not mean we should bring in draconian moderating policies weirdly relevant right now with lj leveson , press moderation and the ` snoopers charter ' . 
  sweet . 
  4 is definitely my comment . 
  bathe in my popularity . 
  anyone going to walkabout tomorrow ? 
  i 'll be there if tickets have n't sold out which i have a sneaking suspicion they have already . 
  am i the only one that likes walking through london and only hearing every other person speaking english ( mostly other european languages from tourists ) ? 
  being insular and conservative ( note the small c ) makes you an incredibly boring and defensive person . 
  when people come to london i would much rather people were amazed at the number of different cultures that can live happily here and i want them to feel like they 've come to an international metropolis rather than a backwater that no-one wants to go to . 
  [ chicken tikka massala ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chicken_tikka_masala ) was supposedly invented in glasgow . 
  well , basically i am just repeating verses quoted by sam harris but they are referenced and i have no reason to think he 's wrong . 
  i looked up a couple on the website you gave : ` they ask you about the sacred month - about fighting therein . 
  say , `` fighting therein is great [ sin ] , but averting [ people ] from the way of allah and disbelief in him and [ preventing access to ] al-masjid al-haram and the expulsion of its people therefrom are greater [ evil ] in the sight of allah . ', 
  2:217 - ** in other words disbelief is a greater sin than killing . 
  ** ` and kill them wherever you overtake them and expel them from wherever they have expelled you , and fitnah is worse than killing . 
  and do not fight them at al-masjid al - haram until they fight you there . 
  but if they fight you , then kill them . 
  such is the recompense of the disbelievers . ', 
  2:191 - ** again it repeats the idea that * ` fitnah ' * which i think means to tempt a believer away from faith or to shirk your responsibilities as a believer is worse than killing . 
  it also condones killing the case where ` they ' attack you . 
  clearly interventions in iraq etc could be interpreted as an attack thereby meaning they have to fight against the west . 
  ** the others are [ here ] ( https://www.truthdig.com/images/diguploads/verses.html ) and most of them are translated in a different way but the meaning is generally the same . 
  you can look around the verses i quoted in the second book and there is a lot of stuff of fighting mostly in the context of conquest of other peoples . 
  the problem with these verse is that they are at the beginning and verses later on that contradict earlier verses are said to overrule the earlier verses . 
  however that 's just like christians saying that the old testament does n't count . 
  however much they say it the old testament is still considered a holy text and is still used when they want to use it like when they want to deny science or when they want to condemn homosexuality . 
  in the same way , muslims who say that the correct interpretation is that killing is not allowed are ignoring the fact that all that stuff is still in the same book and is still used by people to justify violence . 
  that 's not passion its just their interpretation of a concrete text . 
  can that money go to spain or somewhere its needed ? 
  no no i 'm serious this is free money and spain could use an extra $ 1.9 billion . 
  in fact why do n't we give it to banks to write of some consumer debt and free people up to spend more getting economies growing again !, 
  ah , why am i not in charge of all world economics , why !, 
  as far as my minor knowledge of the qur ` an goes killing is ok , and encouraged if it is of people who do not believe after you have offered them a chance to believe . 
  sam harris gives many many quotations illustrating that point in the end of faith and i ca n't be bothered to find them now but they will probably be on the internet . 
  now that 's not to say that all muslim 's thought it was a good thing ; i would hope they have the individual intellectual courage to think outside the context of their faith for their morality ( even if it was unconscious ) and i know that many if not the majority of muslims did that and would condemn the attacks but i think its wrong to say categorically that if one were to stick to the texts you would come to the conclusion that ` killing is the greatest sin ' or at least that all killing is bad . 
  that 's the difference between passions and religion . 
  passions do not have a rule book and do not dictate morality to us . 
  we operate with passion alongside our morality and bad things only happen where passion overrides morality . 
  religion however seeks to dictate morality rather than exist alongside an separate moral law . 
  when people do bad things in the name of religion it may be that they are merely overriding a separate secular morality they had unconsciously but it may also be ( and i think in the case of the 9/11 hijackers this was the case given it was not a momentary passionate act but a planned attack ) that the actor is acting in line with the religion he/she follows and it is the morality of the tenets of the faith which should be questioned . 
  again you can say the same for christianity and any of the old world religions and many of the new ones but christianity has had a renaissance and has had to face the fact that in modern nations people are no longer scared and hopeless because they are better off , healthier and happier and no longer need the consolations of religion to get them through . 
  they 've lost ground and can no longer afford to drive home a fundamentalist message and even if they did people would turn to their secular morals instead and would reject it . 
  islam has not had that renaissance especially in the war ravaged and hopeless middle east and as a result radical messages have more resonance and islam is therefore more likely to be the source of evil acts in this world . 
  it sits in the the loving embrace of croatia . 
  well , fuck . 
  this is awkward . 
  * war in europe, 
  well this thread has made me feel like were all one big happy family . 
  [ here 's a toast to our first half century without war for a 1000 years !!, 
  upvotes all round i think . 
  boom headshot !!, 
  nice save \\* wink \\*, 
  i am very much speaking some multi-languages since the googles doing translatings . 
  [ france and sweden have done the same . 
  ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/2012/12/03/uk-palestinians-israel-ambassadors-idukbre8b207420121203 ), 
  yeah pretty much . 
  provided that press release is reliable like ap then there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  in fact that 's what most people do but often they simply write it in a certain tone or style , or pick a headline that takes something out of context spinning the whole story . 
  i was more congratulating the lack of this writing style . 
  tbh its as news should be . 
  no spin , just facts . 
  do you honestly think ukip ( if your british ) or any other hardline eurosceptic party want 's to ` have a real discussion about how , if possible , we can fix the eu ' ? 
  i do n't and that 's why a lot of pro-eu people are very worried about eurosceptics because some people , like yourself have the opinion that reform is needed , a perfectly reasonable one which many pro-eu people can agree with . 
  some have the opinion that no reform is enough and we must get out at all cost . 
  that latter is ukip 's position but they are bundled in with the former as ` eurosceptics ' meaning the idea that we leave at any cost is over represented . 
  it also has an effect on how people will vote . 
  if people are unconvinced by the eu they gravitate towards the sceptic side and are presented the word ` eurosceptic ' and shown nigel farage as its quintessence . 
  when they hear  50 % of people are euroscpetics they see a united front of those in favour of exit when in reality many if not most have more nuanced views like yours . 
  as they associate with euroscpetics they are being forced into associating with the out vote possibly unwittingly and often by the paper they read . 
  that is why a referendum is scary . 
  people are not voting based on the facts but because of the polarisation of the debate they are being pushed into an in/out option where any sceptic is told by their chosen media to vote out even if when pushed or better informed they would say reform is preferable as you do . 
  its therefore important that as blair says people are informed and there is an argument made for the eu and imo an attempt to de-polarise the debate possibly by having a referendum with a reform option which would mean the voter is in temporarily unless reform can not be achieved . 
  sorry to ramble . 
  fuck you spain !!, 
  do n't confuse this with other colonialism . 
  there was no-one there to be subjugated when we arrived . 
  no-one else had/has a better claim and generally in the law governing possession of anything if you have the best claim you get possession * de jure * . 
  were about to start drilling for oil there which will make a substantial amount if there is a lot there . 
   we told them to piss off and they obliged actually the head of the colony there ( who was german and only an honorary united provinces citizen because they wanted to take advantage of his colony ) stole some seal catching vessels from the united states so they sent a warship down and blew the fuck out of the capital of the town destroying the colony . 
  then we returned and settled the islands like we had done several years before . 
  if they want to be an established institution of the state then they should abide by the same equality rules . 
  if they want to remain in medieval times then they are welcome to detach themselves from the state ... in fact they could just do that either way and i 'd be pleased . 
  i hate having these same arguments with ignorant people . 
  the echr are not saying that !!!, 
  this bill will do exactly what the echr wanted , remove the blanket ban on prisoners voting and give it to some people who do n't pose a threat . 
  that 's what the echr ruled . 
  they never ruled that serious offenders should get to vote . 
  there are crazies in every country no matter who or where they are . 
  if you think you ca n't do something , it 's always more probable that you 'll try if your chronically trashed . 
  its incredible .
