  its basically a [ raspberry meringue ] ( http://junglefrog-cooking.com/wp-content/uploads/raspberry-meringue.jpg ) but just kind of ... mashed up a bit . 
  tbh i 'm much more embarrassed about the internet explorer thing . 
  yeah , we eat to much unhealthy food . 
  we do n't exactly have a tradition of healthy food . 
  most of what we consider traditional food has enough salt to melt ice if you spread it on the roads on a winter 's morning . 
  the ie thing shows a much deeper and more worrying deficiency in character . 
  you literally read my mind . 
  as much as this pains me to say it about george osborne this sounds like a brilliant idea . 
  [ series i , episode 16 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2rijry7jn4u&amp;feature=bfa&amp;list=pl8a0f1997fd4b4a55 ), 
  citroen c1 atm . 
  i 'm jonesing for a fiat 500 though . 
  there 's just something so classy about them . 
  i do n't know what . 
  merkel is asking for cuts too remember . 
  with her on his side i reckon cameron will get his way . 
  i also fail to see how looking for cuts in the budget makes britain disloyal but it makes germany ... well nothing negative at all . 
  interrail would be the best bet i think . 
  some of the passes are chronically cheap and include all of europe so you can decide your destinations on the fly . 
  stop contradicting stereotypes by making jokes . 
  i makes me feel uneasy . 
  this is so frustrating . 
  the supreme arrogance of the right wing of the conservative party is literally sickening . 
  and yet they are so vocal that the media treats them like they are n't mostly just nationalistic , xenophobic pricks . 
  besides the public has no real idea what the eu does and does n't do because the media is so biased and notoriously untruthful so they listen to the loudest people , the equally untruthful dickwads in the conservatives . 
  its a cycle of ignorance and cynical manipulation of the public and it makes me despair for reasonable response to this problem at any point in the future . 
   owning more guns than books never a good combination . 
  the british tabloid press claimed this was true in the uk too . 
  turned out they were full of shit ( as usual ) . 
  this is similar sensationalisation of a pointless topic . 
  we could call them both fathers and have social workers reply `` which one ? '', 
  to every question regarding the parents of an adopted child . 
  what 's telling is that this is not extreme , its neutral language but its the neutrality of the language that religious people get upset about . 
  if society does n't favour the religious idea of what a family should be then suddenly this is radical and unacceptable . 
  european nations really needs to set a firmer line on religion and the state than has been done in the recent past . 
  i 'm sure you all have an example of one particuar sect of christianity or maybe another religion having residual powers ( if only powers of pursasion ) in or related to government . 
  we all need to become secular societies and start stating categorically that no religion will be favoured . 
  probably not . 
  he 's just the only brit i know well enough to name of the top of my head . 
  hey !, 
  lee westwood is one of our own !, 
  update : tiger woods missed the final put and not only did we retain the cup but we won the whole competition !!, 
  he sounds very american . 
  i wonder where he learnt/who taught him english . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  it really should n't sound so novel hearing those possible campaign slogans but it does which , as you say , really brings home how absent a pro-eu campaign has been . 
  i have no objections to a referendum if both sides of the story are being told . 
  ok , i do understand that and we may well be pushed to leave because of that but if there were a chance of joining a political union then we would be better off if we joined it . 
  as you say that 's unlikely but i do n't accept that we will be better of off ; that somehow on our own we can do more than we could with others . 
  there 's no reason why the eu political union needs to be as close as the uk political union for example and if the scotland is anything to go but then political unions do not equal lack of national identity . 
  but most of what you said is basically the polish minister 's point . 
  we can have a voice in europe and effect the change we want to see in the eu if we actually tried . 
  but as soon as people suggest we get more involved its the conservatives and the media who say lets leave . 
  if they want us to be democratically consulted then we ca n't do that until the right wing media stops spinning every story on the eu in a negative way and failing to report on the positives because it has a vested interest in us leaving . 
  they mold the public 's perception into what they want . 
  the media and eurosceptics calling for a referendum while painting a wholly negative picture of the eu and a rose tinted view of leaving is no more democratic than the alternative . 
  it means nothing . 
  i agree with everything you say on the democracy issue btw : the eu does need to get more democratic but the answer does not have to be to wash our hands of it as a failed system . 
  we could exercise more control and shape it into a more democratic system if politicians wanted us to . 
  i get the sense they do n't or at least do n't care . 
  and the idea ( a ukip idea ) that suddenly the rest of the commonwealth will suddenly become huge trading partners because the eu left is ridiculous . 
  if they wanted to trade with us the eu is no blockade to that ; they would be trading with us in the first place . 
  if we leave the eu , trade with our biggest trade partners will suddenly become more expensive , there will be no increase in demand from anywhere else because the eu was never blocking trade with anywhere else in the first place , anything and everything we do will be outclassed by united european entities , sanctions the eu put in place will have more influence in foreign policy than from the uk alone , we will lose a whole swath of equality and equal rights laws and our legal precedents will be set back to the 1970 's / 80 's unless the government makes a point of adopting the precedents of the ecj into english law however those precedents will soon be overturned by conservative english judges with no opposition , we will lose access to the european charter of human rights and we must rely on the convention of human rights which is opposed by theresa may and cameron so we may lose that too or at least the human rights act ( say goodbye to reasonably fast justice for human rights abuses by the government in british courts and say hello to extortionate legal fees to travel to strasbourg ) , we would lose some serious initiative on environmental issues including climate change in which we could be a leader and if we drift towards the usa and their inbuilt oil interests we could well adopt them to nurture trade links with the us ( now they are equally competitive with the eu ) and soon climate change will be a political issue again and we will take about 10 steps back on the environment and green technology jobs will move to the eu which values the industry . 
  i 'm sure there is more stuff and not all of this will happen , in fact none of might happen but it all could happen at least but none of it is even possible as long as we remain in the eu . 
  leaving would be one of the worst decisions we could make . 
  i think there is also a fear that the referendum would be hijacked by the right wing like the av referendum was . 
  the daily mail for example ran a front page spread ( taking no time to actually educate its readers on the av system ) urging their readers to vote no . 
  i know from personal experience ( my parents ) that those that voted no because of their right wing affiliation were by no means informed . 
  my mother did n't know how av worked so how could she decide against it ? 
  i have no doubt the right wing media would do the same with the eu referendum and if cameron is persuaded to leave the eu then that would be the end . 
  people would trust referenda if the british people were actually informed . 
  they are not . 
  whether or not you agree with farage or not his immaturity in that moment and many others was not something deserving of any parliament . 
  there were legitimate concerns he could and did raise about the democratic legitimacy of van rompuy 's position and whether he was sufficiently experienced for the job but for some reason he * had * to couch everything he said in insults and irrelevant abuse about his appearance . 
  and then he says he represents the majority of the british people while his party , in the same year , got 3.1 % of the popular vote and not a single seat in the house of commons . 
  good . 
  twat . 
  i was always good friends with my teachers , certainly at school . 
  the limit was probably that we did n't go out drinking together but we did get a beer with our chemistry teacher after exams ... and we took our history teacher out for a curry after he taught his last lesson before leaving to teach politics elsewhere . 
  i would have assumed that outside of school/college it would be less restrictive . 
  i would never think a 25 y/o person or somewhere round there socialising with late teenagers was weird . 
  the only things that might be a bit weird is if your 25ish and they 're early teens ( 13-15 ) or if your any more than 15 years apart . 
  that might be weird at first glance but if you had a legitimate reason like you were a friend of a friend or they approached you then i would n't think anything of it tbh . 
  a quote i just found in / r/islam talking about the riots - `` muslims the world over are failures , and we should all be ashamed . 
  we 're either behaving like animals , or staying silent . 
  voices of moderation are never raised high enough . 
  extremists are n't ostracized . 
  so many have had the power to enact change , but instead chose inaction . 
  here among the muslim community in the states , the silence is deafening . 
  so many act like nothing is going on . 
  just pure apathy . 
  it makes me feel sick . '', 
  huh . 
  til . 
  cheers !, 
  they can still be deported if they are citizens as long as they will be treated ok . 
  the problem with abu qatada was that the jordanians refused to promise they would not use torture and evidence gained by torture in the trial . 
  if they had actually abided by the un declaration of human rights then he would have been out of the country almost immediately . 
  i 'd rather they take a little while longer if it looks like everyone 's right to a fair trial is in jeopardy . 
  having said that however its hard to disagree with the jordanian ambassador ( president ? 
  ca n't remember ) who said on bbc news that asking for a fair trial was `` a bit rich coming from a country that supported extraordinary rendition '' .
