  i would feel a lot more comfortable contemning countries for not abiding by human right thereby stalling the extradition process if we abided by those same rules but we do n't . 
  i googled that to get the spelling and now i look back it looks so so wrong . 
  i wonder if bouffe is another french word and i just did n't motive the translation ? 
  possibly the saying is but it is true . 
  when a pig in in a field its called a pig , the anglo-saxon word . 
  when its cooked and prepared its called pork , a french word [ porc ] . 
  same with cows and beef [ bouffe ] , sheep and mutton [ mouton ] etc. 
  yes , that was good . 
  and schulz knew he would n't be able to also because he knew the type of uninformed opposition he normally faces . 
  unfortunate he and the eu in general clearly face such silly criticism so often . 
  also we should probably be careful about how many times we say bill o'reilly 's name in / r/europe . 
  it can poison the atmosphere and corrupt you like sm\u00e9agol / gollum in lord of the rings . 
  the questions were well answered and he had to correct the mistakes of the host on the strasbourg/brussels issue and the increased budget issue : schulz : `` do you know why the budget was increased ? '', 
  host : { desperate attempt to pretend that the question was actually researched and not just an attempt by the host to make schulz uncomfortable } schulz : no , you do n't , so i 'll explain it to you, 
  he is andrew neil . 
  he is pretty right wing , worked for rupert murdoch at sky news and wrote for the daily mail  :( . 
  schulz sounds frustrated with people like neil and so he should be . 
  they are peddlers of misinformation and spin . 
  terrible journalist . 
  i do n't like how people ( euroskeptics normally ) just assume that if we become a federated union we will loose all sovereignty or have to accept the worse aspects of other federations . 
  we have the benefit of hindsight of the creation of the united states and germany etc so we can avoid obvious errors . 
  there is no reason why the eu could not be a quasi-federal state with united policy in many areas but independent defense policies ( with a history and tendency to work together but no obligation ) and independent criminal law ( again with a tendency to work together on the ethics of punishment and harmonising aspects of the law . 
  we could create a new type of federation that retains national identity with very close co-operation . 
  national parliaments would still exist and would play a role in representing the people of a member state to the eu parliament while also making decisions on sovereign issues . 
  it would be like a marriage . 
  you are still an individual but are united pretty much as closely as you can without phasing into one entity . 
  these cases will get nowhere . 
  the latter two are both arguing to be allowed to discriminate on sexual orientation which is ridiculous . 
  of the first two , if you read the hearing press-release on the echr website it mentions that the ba worker wore the cross concealed for ages before making a personal decision to wear it openly and was consequently sent home but offered another job with no customer contact . 
  the nurse was put in an unfortunate situation by a change on uniform meaning she could not conceal it or keep it out of the way of a patient who tried to grab it so it was banned for safety reasons no religious ones . 
  if a mentally ill patient grabbed it she could be strangled . 
  it is therefore pretty irrelevant to bring up religious freedom given that 's not why it was banned . 
  i 'm surprised the court even heard it . 
  you make it sound like the creation of israel was a given . 
  jerusalem is a holy city for islam too so where else is the muslim caliphate going to be ? 
  why does one theology take precedence over another ? 
  its hard not to blame the british given that the whole thing was their idea . 
  it was their decision that , when they could n't find a solution to the jewish state problem , they effectively gave up and left the agitated communities to fight it out between themselves which they have been doing . 
  admittedly the two sides were adamant not to get on and both are fueled by unhealthy religious devotion that causes this thing to escalate . 
  now , i have little opinion on whether israel should have been created in the first place mainly because i lack the perspective to comment on what would have happened if it had not been but to say that a whole people need to `` grow up '' because they disagree with an intervention by a 3rd party that permanently affected their lives for the worse seems very dismissive . 
  on the stolen land thing , imagine denmark invade the north of england saying they have a historical claim to the land from the brief line of danish kings in anglo-saxon history . 
  would it make sense to say that as long as they held onto that land for 1 generation so that no-one alive can remember the invasion that the british government needs to grow up and accept the danish occupation ? 
  i certainly would n't stand for it and i would be very surprised if you would too . 
  the israeli claim is pretty much identical except its about 1000 years longer ago . 
  it may be true that after one generation of people the difficulty of removing people once again to disassemble israel is impractical but that does not mean that i , or anyone else can not look back at history and point out the failures and successes in policy that led to the current situation . 
  the old testament is a shared holy text . 
  jesus was himself a jew and his early followers were really just a different sect of judaism . 
  they were n't thrown out of the synagogue until ( i think ) the 70 's . 
  before that they still thought of themselves as jews and the gospels written after 70 overstate the opposition of the other jews to create the illusion of more separation . 
  matthew and john go on and on about the pharisees and how much they disliked jesus but the early church was really just judaism . 
  the most important aspect for the fundamentalist evangelical christians maintain ( using spurious quoted from the gospels and revelation ) that the jewish people must maintain control of israel and jerusalem , and retake the al-aqsa mosque ( a.k.a the dome of the rock ) , or jesus wo n't return . 
  ironically the only way their supposedly unique saviour can return is by helping a people who do n't recognize his legitimacy . 
  there is a jew sitting in a bar in tel aviv still amazed he got away with it . 
  some christians go on holidays to israel to work in the fields . 
  you see them for a bit in that documentary i linked and i think the jewish guy they were working for found it secretly hilarious . 
  obviously 9/11 did n't help either . 
  simply not being associated with israel does not automatically associate you with the palestinians . 
  romney could have not gone to israel but he wants the support of evangelical christians who feel an affinity with israel through their religion . 
  he 's not doing it out of any moral superiority of israel ; its a political ploy . 
  besides whatever your opinions of palestinian kids tv ( first time i 've heard that i must admit . 
  an example would be good ) israel 's war crimes have been [ well ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2009/mar/23/israel-gaza-war-crimes-guardian?intcmp=239 ) [ documented ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2009/mar/25/israel-white-phosphorus-gaza ) . 
  neither side is innocent and both sides are animated with a thoroughly unhealthy religious zeal that will ensure it will never end until one race of people is killed . 
  both sides use the excuse of the other 's aggression to push an agenda of complete annihilation . 
  being associated with either side is to be associated with terrorists and international law-breakers . 
  a state can commit terrorism too . 
  [ i would advise watching this documentary . 
  the maker is one of the best out there and ( here 's a twist ) is jewish . 
  ] ( http://watchdocumentary.com/watch/louis-theroux-the-ultra-zionists-video_8b6e37ccc.html ), 
  did you watch romney 's trip trip to israel recently ? 
  i would not be surprised if he was engaged in some form of homosexual relationship with netanyahu the amount of sucking up he did . 
  in fact this shit was actually [ our fault ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balfour_declaration ) . 
  the original lines were drawn after british occupation . 
  that 's the great thing about british history . 
  for all its complexities there is a general rule : if there is an enduring ( probably racially charged ) conflict anywhere in the world we were probably involved somehow at some point . 
  uk here and i rarely have it but my dad uses it because its longer lasting and us kids are not always round his house so he has to have a stock pile available at little notice . 
  he ca n't just buy normal milk or it would be a waste of money . 
  i would choose fresh milk over long-life milk any day . 
  ( i ca n't taste a difference though its just the standard type . ), 
  possibly but they did the same thing with richard o'dwyer and there is a petition with 250,000 signatures to get the home secretary to block the extradition . 
  the 2 cases together , nearly back to back however could cause the renegotiation as you describe . 
  i do n't know . 
  but this is n't the uk 's doing . 
  the us has n't asked them so they have n't done it but if they did ask the uk to extradite him it would be very easy . 
  [ our extradition treaty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/extradition_act_2003 ) was re-written in 2003 ( clearly to aid in the extradition of terror suspects but unfortunately has been used for other crimes too ) and its very very one sided . 
  the us does not need probable cause to extradite anyone just a hunch . 
  its a disgrace and should be repealed . 
  but it does mean that they could have assange even with the limited case they currently have . 
  it would be easy but they have n't asked . 
  if they really wanted him letting him get to sweden would be a mistake . 
  [ gallup has them tied at 46 % each ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/150743/obama-romney.aspx ) though obama seems to have a couple of percentage points over romney on average in the past month or 2 . 
  upvote for dennet . 
  dan barker , who is himself an ex-preacher , does a lot of work with pastors who are secretly atheist . 
  he 's a good speaker too . 
  if you must talk in such absolute and negative terms it will always sound bad . 
  this video seems to focus of what government looks like when it goes wrong . 
  it fails to mention that the vast majority of tax money goes on mutually beneficial things like healthcare , infrastructure , the environment , education , welfare , police and defense ( do n't tell me you would rather have absolutely no way of defending your country because you disagree with a war you government fought was illegal because i do n't believe you ) . 
  the person who made this video is also in favour of private justice firms who can not provide any certainty in the law because the more rich firms can buy justice ( even the death penalty ) for their clients [ as he explains here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qmmpgvnc6y&amp;feature=bfa&amp;list=pl1647cadf96760b37 ) . 
  anyone who is hankering `` after a world where britain ran an empire '' clearly does n't understand what an empire is , namely the forcible denial of a people 's right to chose those who rule them and denial of self-determination , the most basic civil and political right in a democracy . 
  but if they do understand that and still wish it were so then i really do n't want them in charge of anything at all or have any responsibility over anything or anyone . 
  what if the rest of europe comes up with a collaboration that `` we 're all in favour of '' ?
