  lisa 's face when she says '' ... too . '', 
  is great . 
  the japanese dub is incredibly charming and still quotable even though it 's in japanese . 
  just rewatch it when the dub is out !, 
  the dub seems deliciously cheesy as well . 
  finally !, 
  i 've watched so many let 's plays of this , including gamegrumps , and have never seen someone die to that final attack !, 
  yes , it took me until the end where he reveals that the framed picture is actually in the foreground . 
  also ... rook ... 
  he did n't say anything about saying pamphlet a lot of time to the point that it does n't sound like a word anymore . 
  he just said pamphlet is a funny word . 
  so is ointment . 
  yes yes yes yes, 
  does yellow m & m have a dumb guy voice in english too ? 
  but did n't you already say too much ? 
  yup !, 
  here 's the list of similarities :, 
  1 . blond hair, 
  did they change the intro in the new season ? 
  typical swedish-germans . 
  can we please ignore everything negative ? 
  fake positivity or i 'll have to downvote you . 
  they 're all important and just watch in release order . 
  ( start with bakemonogatari ), 
  most jokes are reposts . 
  that 's how jokes work . 
  you hear or read jokes somewhere and tell them to people . 
  why does your joke not end at the punchline ? 
  it 's relevant so we know how to address him using pronouns . 
  his hamlindigo blue tie . 
  solar energy has the greatest potential ? 
  in ** twilight town ** ? 
  i 'm just so sad that the reddit europe tf2 server is gone . 
  i do n't even know why it disappeared . 
  stop giving orders you fucking piece of shit, 
  you 're the * only * person in this comment section talking about that . 
  the first thought i had when i read the title was `` oh , because of the - us ? 
  that 's dumb '' , but nobody here is really considering that . 
  do n't get me wrong , it 's really fucking dumb to say it 's sexist , but it * was * originally a masculine word . 
  i already said that it 's dumb to care about that in the first place , but we are in the comment section of said article and nobody so far has really argued against it . 
  `` saying that genius only refers to one sex is sexist in itself '' is just wrong . 
  no , that 's not sexist . 
  they are referring to the fact that genius is originally a masculine word . 
  they are n't saying `` calling people smart is sexist because only men are smart '' . 
  so the answer to, 
   ... isnt it more sexist to assume that a word describing a students brilliance only refers to one sex ? 
  is no . 
  no , it was just a funny post after a single post . 
  it became a meme when people kept repeating or referencing it . 
  yes , things generally start at one single point . 
   this game is fucking amazing , best metroid-like i 've ever played , but this third trial kinda ruined it for me . 
  then ... just do n't play it unless you 're in the mood for it ? 
  how does an optional fight that is not connected to anything else ruin the game for you ? 
   but there will be a point where you have to kill him and you wo n't get much stronger before that point, 
  you do n't have to kill him at all , do you ? 
   the map is useless, 
  how do you use maps in real life ? 
  is n't that just the second part of the final boss theme ? 
  - hornet, 
  - quirrel, 
  it 's star platinum ora ora-ing . 
  he does that . 
  it does n't look the same except for the fact that they are both looking to the right . 
  yeah , but the city has other entrances . 
  like , if you beat the mantis lords and get the tram pass , you could go into the ancient basin and then work your way up to the city that way . 
  cornifer 's wife ? 
  velmi artrid , 100 times in a row . 
  i always knew the punchline as `` so he can fit in his spaceship '' . 
  i do n't quite know how the two sentences in your version relate to each other . 
  yeah , `` for what ( purpose ) '' questions do n't really get answered with `` because '' . 
  the way the guy above wrote it does n't make sense no matter how many times i read it . 
  it 's just two unrelated lines . 
  ugh , another king 's idol ? 
  i feel like not getting it made it funnier . 
  that means he 's gon na stun it !, 
  hahahahaha !, 
  it was mgronald 's . 
  not wc for once !, 
  did n't he still have paint on him a day later ? 
  i also thought it was fruit and i never questioned this . 
  same here . 
  i 've seen it that way ever since i first played the game . 
  i still see it . 
  i know what it 's supposed to be , but i ca n't see it that way automatically . 
  do we know how far he was when he did that ama ? 
  this guy 's logic makes no sense . 
  just because there are more videos like this does n't mean they ca n't all be photoshopped . 
  they are moving at  23 fps ? 
  yes , and then he 's gon na have a field * year * with the 4th and 5th paper mario games , amiright guys ? 
  do n't worry !, 
  so am i !, 
  i thought that was a fucking glitch, 
   it 's a huge turn off before you get the charm that shows you where you 're at . 
  that 's like 15 minutes into the game and until then you probably wo n't leave the area that is already mapped out to you by cornifer . 
   and how come when i die i have to travel long distances just to get my shit back . 
  dying in videogames should be punishing . 
  you also have to travel those distances anyway since you wanted to go there in the first place . 
   that 's so fucking frustrating i feel like punching an orphan . 
  are you , like , the irate gamer or something, 
  now i 'm ashamed i even took the bait,
