  there was no reason to even use a walkthrough in the first place . 
  they just had to fight like they always did . 
  it 's not rocket science . 
  if they had died , they could have thought about the badge that danny remembered one second after they met hooktail . 
  if people complain about spoiling surprises , then `` oh but there are other people who complain about them taking five minutes too long with something '' is n't a valid argument . 
  the people complaining about that are wrong . 
  and dumb . 
  just do n't pay attention to them . 
   has some serious mental issues and should seek professional help asap . 
  yes , this includes everyone who is `` just joking '', 
  this is the fucking dumbest thing i 've ever read . 
  people who says `` kill yourself '' are n't actually wishing it , or are thinking a lot about what they 're saying . 
  `` oh , wow , he said ` go fuck yourself ' . 
  anyone who says that i should extend my penis and bend it backwards into my rectum is a complete sicko with a dirty mind . 
  why would he imagine something like that ? '', 
  the people saying that are just mad at you for being bad at the game . 
  the only way to `` get back at you '' is to make you mad . 
  people get mad about `` kys '' so they just say it . 
  simple as that . 
  and , look , it works !, 
  you 're actually taking it extremely seriously and talking about how they have mental issues . 
  these are really young people saying that and there is literally no reason to take it seriously in any way . 
  ** do ** get thicker skin if this actually upsets you . 
  that 's seriously your counter argument ? 
  you do something bad and even defend yourself but when you realize you are wrong , you just go `` uuuuuh do n't be mad !!, 
  that twist though !, 
  ca n't he have gotten it from facebook or something ? 
  or am i misunderstanding something here ? 
  wait why, 
  xdddd omg have n't seen that exchange before, 
  you need to obtain the power to mind hack . 
  i think it was more of a trying to avoid spoiling someone else , and not trying to avoid getting spoiled . 
  nah , that 's too extreme . 
  there should be some other button we could press if we simply dislike something . 
  what ? 
  what 's that on the floor ? 
  is that the script ? 
  i 'm so sad that `` trolling '' lost its former meaning . 
  maybe this sad . 
  you 're over-generalizing it . 
  gg ez is provocative , and the affected person knows it is . 
  the zelda thing makes the troll look dumb , but not mean , which is the point . 
  just insulting someone is n't trolling , even if that 's `` riling someone up to get a response '' as well . 
  i guess people call troll posts `` bait '' nowadays . 
  trolling was n't always about antagonizing , though . 
  okay , but it completely changed its form of antagonizing , then it is pretty damn different now . 
  there 's a difference between acting like you do n't know what potatos are ( which makes you look dumb and if the other person is angry about it it 's their own fault ) and just straight up calling someone bad or dumb and putting yourself above them . 
  if you are saying it was easy , you are directly insulting the person you played against . 
  you 're saying they are bad . 
  you are putting yourself above them . 
  calling link `` zelda '' is n't a direct insult . 
  it makes you look ignorant and stupid , and makes the other person mad that you 're so dumb . 
  eeeeh , technically , nah . 
  how did you discover sherlock ? 
  how are people who say `` gg ez '' pretending ? 
  i understand if your victory was really lucky or really close and you 're aware of it , but when you won normally and say it was easy ( and you actually found it easy ) then you 're just being provocative . 
  yeah , that 's why i did n't say `` you are using it wrong '' , and just sat here , sad that i ca n't do anything about the loss of a beautiful word . 
  uuuh , i do n't think you understand this thread . 
  ooooooh thank you so much !, 
  you sound like a youtube commenter . 
  pretty sure it 's a reference to la la land . 
  op has to make sure we have the same opinion as him somehow !, 
  it 's almost like his comment was n't meant to be 100 % logically sound . 
  in the second panel , they do it with something they objectively see . 
  i could do that with someone i do n't know . 
  it 's a field of snow no matter who you 're with . 
  the first panel shows that they have the same thoughts about subjective things . 
  [ possesses possesses five ss . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=liuhh1w7heo ), 
  quenching my 3st . 
  i think he does n't get that you know it 's a famous comedy duo . 
  he thought that you thought that the names abbot and costello are something that sherlock made up or something . 
  there 's nothing in relation with aliens . 
  they 're named that in arrival because their most famous comedy skit is about miscommunication . 
  what context do they use the name in in sherlock ? 
  i do n't think that 's the reason you 're at the bottom . 
  caring about your rank does n't drastically make you rank up faster , unless you 're the kind of person who is losing on purpose in ranked because you care so little , which is a problem on its own . 
  wow that 's extremely impressive how i thought it was a photo of a volcano but then it was a slightly different type of depicion of a volcano . 
  maybe that 's just a typical endearing name for pairs of people . 
  interesting how it 's aliens both times , though . 
  arrival is based on a 18 year old short story , though . 
  i wonder if they had the name abbot and costello in the original , too ? 
   washing them in water that was too hot . 
  i thought this was gon na end with you putting them in the fridge . 
  and one for jenny and the wimp . 
  saying that charlie was * the * half man implies that jake is a whole man . 
  they are exploring . 
  what ? 
  both seconds are for reacting , right ? 
  if your car needs some distance to stop , then so does the car in front of you . 
  i remember managing to save her first try ( but i would n't have loaded if i had n't ) . 
  is it hard to save her ? 
  how strict is the game ? 
  i disagree about the statute of limitations , but when the comment starts out with the name of the day like that , it 's obvious people should stop reading . 
  reddit in charge of reading comprehension . 
  they would n't have . 
  people discover new things they like every day . 
  do you think you have consumed every story that you think you 'd like ? 
  i know i have n't . 
  and nobody has time for that either .
