  get the best armor . 
  really ? 
  i thought it was universally liked . 
  if that were the definition , yes . 
  and if you ask someone who spongebob 's neighbor is , you expect the answer to be `` he does n't actually exist '' ? 
  yeah , why was n't * he * in the picture !, 
  if only you could take ... more than one photo , in case the first one turned out bad . 
  i played the whole game and do n't know what you mean . 
  * \u2605 ace detective \u2605 *, 
  no , seriously , i 'm getting impatient here . 
  i wan na know what the hell he meant . 
  maybe he thought it 's its own sequel because at the end of the game , you 're at the same location ? 
  and because it 's called limbo ? 
  still , even though the location 's the same , the condition of the location certainly is n't , and considering [ the title screen ] ( / spoiler ) , the ending is pretty conclusive . 
  or `` verpiss dich '' . 
  they added the + at the end and an explanation for it fairly recently , but the amount of views being frozen is something that i remember happening years ago . 
  no no , do n't you remember that bioshock had a completely decent sequel called bioshock 2 , which was set in rapture as well ? 
  it had great gameplay and a good storyline . 
  fuck those `` lol wtf is last airbender movie or matrix sequel '' jokes . 
  you 're saying that , but why do you think that age has something to do with being spoiled ? 
  just always use spoiler tags ; it 's not that much of a hassle . 
  if i spoiled the ending of star wars episode v to someone , and that person legitimately did not know what the twist was , i would be sorry , instead of saying that it 's the other person 's fault somehow because it 's a widely known twist . 
  how is that relevant ? 
  `` wir sind der j\u00e4ger '' means `` we are the hunter '' . 
  it should be `` wir sind die j\u00e4ger '' . 
  i mean that they are n't even singing `` seid ihr das essen '' . 
  so it 's not really a better deal . 
  i also found durarara because i played the second op on osu !, 
  more like 10 . 
  it was 14 +10 as far as i can remember , though he started planning his revenge after he got out . 
  [ ellipses !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=u5xndtfdi4m#t=309 ), 
  that 's kinda what reddit * is * . 
  you got my hopes up . 
  it 's the perfect crime !, 
  this movie inspired a friend and i to learn how to play koi koi . 
  it 's not actually that hard but some of the rules just seem really random . 
  * the sake cup counts as an earth and a plain card , and this weird red one is a november card just like the rainman , who is half a light card . 
  i love it though !, 
  mainly so people just give us weird looks when we play it . 
  ( but surprisingly , most of the people watching us play were intrigued and learned the game by watching and asking a few questions . ), 
  not randomly , and not really shouting , but we do feel cool when we say it because of the risk that 's involved . 
  shout out to * this fucking program just wo n't work for me . 
  it just wo n't launch . 
  help . 
  and how did you know that , young man ? 
  imagine walking through a crowd and seeing a guy you 've never met with like a 163 above him . 
  scott pilgrim is n't really awkward . 
  ( well , okay , michael cera is . ), 
  the coordinates are on a piece of paper that jack is holding in the plane . 
  why does the name rolf klink sound so familiar to me ? 
  in the really good scene that everybody likes with the twist in the middle of the game , there 's a brief flashback to the scene on the plane . 
  oh god , that 's it . 
  it has an excellent dub , though . 
  i think . 
  yeah , that 's why he 's squinting . 
  some hentai where a dude and his friends fuck his sister . 
  and they push her to the bed and as she lands on it , a little cloud ( = 3 ) comes out and makes a pomf sound . 
  in one wind waker episode ( tower of the gods , i think ) , danny asked him `` do you know rachel bloom ? '', 
  and arin said `` of course ! '', 
  and danny said `` oh yeah , we ca n't talk about that yet !, 
  i looked for this anime and found multiple versions of it . 
  do i need to watch the other versions first ? 
  what are they ? 
  teddy 's the antagonist . 
  that does n't mean he 's the bad guy . 
  it 's completely okay and not noticeable at all when a writer uses uncommon words , but the point of this is that we 're supposed to believe that the girl in the picture just phrased it like that . 
  i guess it would be fitting for shinobu oshino , but not for her . 
  kay faraday used edgeworth 's cravat as a tissue once . 
  it became one of my favorite chapters , but only 20 episodes later . 
  wow , those stupid unoriginal pun threads . 
  it 's always the same fucking jokes . 
  ps jesus christ marie it 's minerals, 
  let 's just hope that danganronpa will be a success in the west so the sequel can get localized too . 
  i heard it 's even crazier . 
  you might as well write out what happened in caps . 
  how did they get this song ? 
  the little hand would be between two and three . 
  and the sleeping guy in the gun shop . 
  why do people even still write this ? 
  but ca n't you just assume that watching things dubbed does make sense to other people ? 
  which many people like more than the regular meal . 
  i feel like you 're the only one who got that joke . 
  i ca n't believe people took that comment seriously . 
  why does it say that the guy who spoke gamagoori also spoke hayd\u00e9e from gankutsuou ? 
  is it true ? 
  same here , what a beautiful movie . 
  the most memorable scene is the one in which she slept with a wolf . 
  he was able to transform into a human , but apparently he did n't bother . 
  there 's only that one 10 second scene . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7yfoxa4y2ce#t=752 ) is the scene , in case you wan na see what you will miss . 
  i like the idea of every viewer of the show having the same `` value '' when it comes to theories as the creators of the show , but i just ca n't agree with it . 
  when the creator says that something is the truth , i can only believe that , no matter what other theories i have , even if i like them more than what the creator says . 
  why without any explanation !? 
  this comment section is basically a list of animes , like a poll or something . 
  ... what the fuck ?!, 
  i did n't get why it said that too !, 
  i thought the game was joking about how young the audience of the remake is . 
  but ... you said that op turned an engineer joke into a lawyer joke as if you thought that op made the joke . 
  and there is blood on the display case , which would be there from a backstab , not a burninating .
