  i do n't even understand what you are trying to say . 
  i know that you misunderstood the person you are responding to , but what does your comment even mean ? 
  that 's not even what this comic is about . 
  this will probably get downvoted but i genuinely think that hitler was kind of a dick in some regards . 
  what happened to normal servers after that update ? 
  i stopped paying tf2 because my favorite server stopped existing around that time . 
  ah , so phoenix figured out out because it was a multiple choice question ? 
  and the first one ? 
  fair point . 
  however , it 's still bad story telling that the only way the player could have known where the bust is was n't through the story telling us , but because the game only have us three options . 
  just that ? 
  it 's weird because we had an established community where i would recognize 60-70 % of the people playing on the server at any given time , and the server was just suddenly gone after that update . 
  he could have just been his best friend . 
  i 'm just talking about information given within the show , not about any word of god . 
  i do n't know about the max is female thing . 
  people would probably assume they 're more because that 's just something people assume when they see a guy and a gal being close . 
  using a stick stick !, 
  that quest is really easy once you go into zen state . 
  that would remind people of super meat boy a bit * too * much . 
  is there something i 'm missing here or is the top comment of this joke thread actually that a guy laughed at the joke in the op ? 
  a joke still has to * work * , you know . 
  he would be a great bellboy . 
  it 's so obvious that there is a dog that even the actual human girl looks like she has a dog face . 
  yeah , it looks amazing but might as well just be a drawing . 
  but it 's a 100 % speedrun , so how is that like a sprint ? 
  would n't any % be a sprint ? 
  netero totally stole that line from that asterix comic where they go to egypt . 
  but why, 
  considering annie is next to him with her own mask and there were like four years between the two reveals , i would consider that gigantic spoilers to anime watchers . 
  you know , because we use apostrophes for plurals now !, 
  good point on the all as thing , actually . 
  would people misread as if it occurred in the middle of a sentence like that , though ? 
  after all , the capital a should be a good enough hint . 
   not so subtle jokes, 
  ah yes , the reddit technique of spoiling . 
  the image above spoils death note , by the way . 
  huh ? 
  but did you not just do the same thing ? 
  pretty sure he meant the moon scene . 
  i did n't watch this junior high show , but ... am i the only one who feels like i would have totally gotten spoiled by that scene if i had watched it after finishing season 1 ? 
  this is not even `` blatant but you only get it if you read the manga already '' . 
  i hope people on reddit did n't spread the information that it 's totally okay to watch this junior high show before seeing season 2/reading the manga because people would n't get the spoilers anyway . 
  because this is just really obvious . 
  i never said that * everyone * will get spoiled if they watch that scene . 
  ( especially since i 'm in a comment thread where op talked about not getting spoiled . ), 
  you said it yourself : `` you might not know '' . 
  do n't you think there 's a large number of people who put 2 and 2 together and got spoiled ? 
  i 'm just saying that it 's dangerous to act like there are no spoilers in that show . 
  ( which many people seem to think . ), 
  i get that not expecting any foreshadowing like that does make it harder to get spoiled , but i really do feel like some people noticing annie wearing the mask of her titan form that people already know from season 1 might go that extra step and realize what else is implied here . 
  it 's a bit * too * in-your-face to not spoil anyone . 
  well , it 's cool to figure out the identity of the bad guys in advance from hints given * within * the show using deductive reasoning ( and hey , that also says something good about the storytelling in the show !, 
  ) , but getting hints or not-so-subtle foreshadowing from material outside the show is a bit meh . 
  whether it 's canon or not should n't really matter , though . 
  a reddit comment is n't canon either but if i read an outright spoiler in a comment i would probably believe it and feel shitty about it . 
  that said , and i 'm not defending spoilers here , knowing the identities of the colossal and armored titans before watching season 2 or reading manga is n't even * that * bad just because how it 's presented is so damn good and surprising . 
  ( and because it adds a layer of dramatic irony ), 
  damn , that was fast !, 
  solved . 
  if there was a battery in that phone , would it affect you in any way ? 
  it would be extremely painful . 
  you had me on the first point , lost me on the second . 
  he remained single . 
  made me think of a jeopardy clip where someone answers `` what are frogs ? '', 
  and another guy says `` what * are * frogs ? 
  i never did that in the entire game , except bouncing off enemies . 
  oh wow , that 's an interesting order to play the game in . 
  it 's great to hear people play the game and have a completely different experience . 
  have you done the thing where you have to ride a gigantic form by bouncing on it with your nail ? 
  that might be for a vessel fragment , though . 
  could vince be referencing chip skylark ? 
  if i build a chair with only three and a half legs , where does josuke get the material for the remaining half leg from when he fixes it ? 
  does he create it ? 
  can i trick him into creating money if my chair is made out of three and a half money ? 
  i want that extra half money !, 
  which one was it ? 
  the one in the fangirl 's house ? 
  ah yes , the `` i thought i had already done that '' way of getting stuck . 
  the worst way of getting stuck . 
  i do n't get what you are trying to say . 
  all he 's saying is he likes one thing more than another thing . 
  ace attorney is so good that when you see someone calm/cool/cocky , you just think `` i hope this guy 's the killer just so i can see him slowly break down '' . 
  they 've also started doing `` transformations '' in the newer games , where the witness completely changes their appearance or personality to something more aggressive in the middle of the case , which is also kind of cool , i guess . 
  it 's more like [ jojo part 6 ] ( / s `` made in heaven . '' ), 
  it will always look unfamiliar considering the rest of the episodes is not cgi . 
  the scene where they all flew towards him really fast looked really good despite the glaring cgi . 
  i like that they made it relatively not bad . 
  the one where you can just double jump over all the platforms or even just walljump off of the wall on the left of it ? 
  it does sort of negate the point that it 's unique , does n't it ? 
  i 'm happy to hear that !, 
  and before anyone replies `` sarcasm is hard to detect over the internet '' ... it is n't in this case . 
  did they actually talk about this so much ? 
  i only remember them flashing back to the first explanation one time and that 's it . 
  right ? 
  it worries me that the guy thinks speeding is so okay that everyone does it . 
  at that stage you start wearing the gibus ironically . 
  right ? 
  the fuck is this, 
  i do n't think the guy you 're responding to read the original post at all . 
  he 's just telling you general cookie clicker tips even though you probably already have hundreds of thousands of heavenly chips .
