  the first time he said `` objection ... overruled '' was so good . 
  is the flying scotsman some sort of special , rare train ? 
  the scotsman is the one that got obstructed , right ? 
  it 's like you finally find a shiny pok\u00e9mon but then suddenly a pidgey knocks it out of the way and fights you instead . 
  he was clearly joking . 
  i would highly recommend watching [ retsupurae 's playthrough of the ambition series ] ( https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=plaml_rtropssd3avfiafg0q2cizxdd_iu ) , which is sort of a sub-series of the negotiator series . 
  instead of solving small problems like trying to get out of a ticket , this is an interconnected murder mystery full of intrigue and twists . 
  it 's super ridiculous and dumb . 
  roundabout is great and all ( although the visuals of the ed were never really anything special ) , but spice was so good too . 
  it really made me happy every time i watched it , especially the second half of the ed , with the last supper thing that nobody has made into a gif yet for some reason . 
  i do find it weird that everyone 's naked in the first half and they all have those red spots on their bodies but whatever, 
  why do they always have those red spots when theyre naked in anime, 
  oh man , the other comments on this thread are really lame . 
  * this * is what i came in here for . 
  oh , i did n't know that the lemons in that phrase meant something bad !, 
  i always thought the phrase just meant that you should make the best out of what you 're given . 
   the author is braindad, 
  but ... ca n't you see ? 
  they 're both cats and stuff !, 
  yeah , wtf . 
  there 's a whole genre of this type of stuff and none of them get it right . 
  or , at least it has never worked for me until this video . 
  are you referring to the parent comment because i think it 's fucking hilarious . 
  would you say varys is a normal guy ? 
  i mean , i guess it 's hard to call anyone a normal guy in a midevial fantasyish setting . 
  he said `` who do i look like , josh radnor ? '', 
  when she asked him about how he met her mother . 
  josh radnor is the main guy in how i met your mother who tells his kids how he met their mother . 
  was n't that two and a half men ? 
  or is that in both ? 
  it 's such an easy job and he could n't even do that right . 
  there were problems with audio syncing so often . 
  i let them go because i do n't watch gamegrumps anymore and have no idea how their editing is . 
  exactly why i saw the ending coming . 
  `` your honor , i object ! '', 
  `` no mr wright ... u human '', 
  i do n't get it . 
  come on , woosh on you there . 
  oooh , now that you told me those lyrics , the song started playing in my head . 
  i never knew what he was singing . 
  the reason is that many people like it . 
  what about that has to make the guy you 're talking to like it as much ? 
   it 's idiots like you that make me wonder what the fuck the grumps are supposed to do in grindy games . 
  first of all , paper mario ttyd is not a grindy game . 
  second of all , you know there 's a middle ground there , right ? 
  the way normal people play the game , for instance ? 
  even if the grumps are bad and spend over half an hour on the moon outside the x-naut fortress , did you forget that editing exists ? 
  other let 's play channels have that . 
  oh yeah , the one where they forget that goombella exists !, 
  lucahjin is a fucking fantastic let 's player . 
  she almost always plays games blind from what i can remember , her reactions to everything are always amazing , and she 's just really good at videogames . 
  right now she 's playing the second phoenix wright game , and i ca n't wait to see her reactions to some of the stuff that happens in there . 
   edit : never mind ... 
  i have been educated that this is a misleading photo and therefore the highly selective / r/misleadingthumbnails needs to remove this asap before someone gets hurt . 
  how dare you op . 
  oh come on now . 
  you do n't need to exaggerate and strawman the fuck out of anyone who disagrees with you . 
  also not a lot of work, 
  the two people above you speak english . 
  yeah they look different, 
  yeah that 's sorta what the three comments above you were talking about in the first place . 
  hahahaha your comment was already hilarious but that / s at the end was really the cherry on top that made me figuratively die from laughter !, 
  i did n't figure it out , but come on , it 's not like it was that hard to figure out . 
  that oneyplays was fairly recent , right ? 
  like , way after arin got `` bad '' in gamegrumps ? 
  read ... the article ? 
  what is that ? 
  you think so ? 
  you can shut up nyow . 
  i can not wait to play minecrap . 
  do you know what my favorite thing to do is in minecrap ? 
  i love building bricks with minecrap . 
  building bricks with minecrap is the best thing and the most amount of fun you can have while playing an app . 
  i understand why all the kids are playing this game these days -- it 's because they like to build brown bricks with minecrap . 
  i also like to build brown bricks with minecrap . 
  it 's the most fun you can possibly have . 
  what is the point of minecrap ? 
  wait he actually says fuck you luigi !?!, 
  i did what chris did and looked his mouth really closely and it reeeeeally looks like an `` f '' . 
  maybe that 's just the quality/distance/mustache making it hard to see , but i do n't see the `` th '' . 
  would n't his tongue be sticking out a bit ? 
  it says that `` this feature '' requires online mode . 
  some people think `` this feature '' refers to `` playing offline '' , but it must likely refers to whatever feature op tried to use before the dialogue box appeared . 
  the box does n't need to provide context . 
  the user * knows * the context because they know what made the box appear . 
  i saw a minecraft animation of it on youtube . 
  the girl inside was whimpering until the stomach filled with acid and she died . 
  odd !, 
  thanks , i edited my pust . 
  yup , that 's probably the way he read it in that creeped him out . 
  there probably are n't any other ways . 
  it 's getting uld now . 
  why is there no compilation of moments like this in ad ? 
  i thought the red circle supposed to be on the floor and the person in the picture has to tap the circle with their nose by doing push-ups . 
  ** no one lives forever **, 
  it 's an early 2000s spy game with lots of humor and lots of charm . 
  they do n't sell it anymore , but someone uploaded both games on a site called nolf revival . 
  tell us what you think about the season when you 're done !, 
  i 'm super interested !, 
  would you consider it a spoiler that people told you that it ends on a happy ending ?
