  why ? 
  when he made vlr , he could have created the brother character with snake in mind . 
  the namea brother and left were all made up in the sequel . 
  what do you mean , practically confirmed ? 
  where was this pretty much confirmed ? 
  edit : oh , because of the `` who had number 6 in 999 '' thing . 
  that could just be a ruse . 
  june had 9 , santa had 0 . 
  nobody if we 're speaking about values . 
  someone in the nonary game before that had a 6 , though . 
  i dunno , does n't really look like akane to me . 
  also do n't add extra exclamation marks to a quote just to make it look dumb . 
  this is not how the netflix star system works . 
  the german word for serious is also a name . 
  why put a unit before the number ? 
  to be fair , being weak physically does n't mean you ca n't see technical problems in form or whatever . 
  but if you just crop it then the hand and arm of the fat girl would still be there , and i guess she would want all of it gone ? 
  you know what ? 
  this is zero escape . 
  i still think it 's nona . 
  whatever !, 
  something from mother 3 ? 
  it looks pig-ish to me . 
  in the passwords one he complains about the fact that his password `` likliklik '' is considered weak , because a ninja breaking into his house would n't be able to deduce the password from looking around in his room . 
  just to be 100 % ambiguous ? 
  are n't little boys almost always voiced by women ? 
   and the fucking red herring is not a red herring ? 
  so if you thought it was a red herring , then you did n't know , right ? 
  i thought you were gon na post yashiro . 
  spoiling it ? 
  what ? 
  no no , mxchump is right , he was zero years old . 
  wait , what would have happened if she had n't had that dream ? 
  just ... nothing ? 
  or ganondorf would have raped and pillaged hyrule town but other than that everyone 's alright ? 
  did he already set that in motion before link gets there ? 
  is that why jabu jabu acts weird and is gone in the future ? 
  did ganondorf poison him slowly ? 
  and what `` divine prank '' ? 
  for me , the part that did n't make sense to me is how he used `` and yet '' in his comment . 
  `` i 've never seen an episode and yet you beat me to it '' , as if not having seen the show makes you comment references faster ? 
  should have waited until you were 30 . 
  i upvoted you , but then i realized how weird it is to gild someone for explaining a joke and had to upvote you again . 
  which is why all the upvotes are justified , but he is still a dick . 
  if both people in the conversation are narrow minded , then yes . 
  well , i guess his voice does n't really suit any of the main characters . 
  like , at all . 
  he could be some side character like shalnark , though . 
  because japanese people have objectively shit taste . 
   big top , mostly because japanese audiences liked that case, 
  and he had the whole internet on his c drive . 
  the audience of the game like a case that is universally disliked for having a ton of flaws that can not be overlooked . 
  i 'm not saying they have bad taste for * making * it . 
  probably something like `` omg anime is japanese '' . 
  for everyone 's information : it 's out in about a month . 
  it already has a store page . 
  its over, 
  yup . 
  little correction on # 9 . 
  sigma says that because `` hell '' is the german word for `` bright '' . 
  ( many famous scientists are german speakers . ), 
   there is no sarcasm in his tone , including this sao video . 
  this is simply not true . 
  the symbolism and foreshadowing is great , though . 
  when someone says `` visuals '' , they do n't just mean the artstyle . 
  hmmm . 
  you should go care about other things . 
  `` them '', 
  did anyone else here play chrono trigger ? 
  there 's a character in that game , robo , whose theme sounds exactly like `` never gon na give you up '' . 
  enjoy . 
  yup , there 's never an investigation part in the first case . 
  except in ace attorney [ ] ( / s `` investigations '' ), 
  when you see the whole courtroom like that , phoenix was on the right . 
  for most of the game , however , you see everyone from the judges perspective , so that 's why you remember ashford being on the right . 
  i have n't watched the episode yet , but do they show the other perspective too ? 
  the one where phoenix is in the left in the games but would be on the right in the anime ? 
  if not , maybe that 's why . 
  they chose other character angles and thought that if anyone should be on the left most of the time , it 's the person who 's on the left side in the games most of the time as well . 
  or maybe i 'm putting more thought into it than they ever did . 
  i 'm in despair !, 
  quoting the wrong game has left me in despair !, 
   bringing up memories of cheap h-anime, 
  quote from the game when he finds his chief 's corpse :, 
   ( her body was still warm ... ), 
  let 's see where they take this . 
  it 's made by capcom and set in, 
  california . 
  prosecutors start the trial . 
  the police arrests whoever seems likely to be the killer , the prosecutors present some evidence in court to support their claims , and it 's guilty until proven innocent . 
  or guilty until proven that the suspect is innocent , and proven who the real killer is . 
  or guilty until proven that the suspect is innocent , and proven who the real killer is , and proven what the real killer 's motive is , which is most likely some sad shit that happened years ago . 
  defense attorneys have it hard in the ace attorney games , but `` guilty until proven innocent '' seems to be the japanese mindset when it comes to court proceedings anyway ~ ~ , which is weird since the game is set in california . ~ ~, 
  eat your hamburgers , apollo . 
   oh really ? 
  it 's so brilliant that he decided to check the autopsy report ? 
  genius right there, 
  to be fair , he probably did check the autopsy report , but did n't remember every detail . 
  after all , why would a witness lie about something that 's really easy to disprove ? 
  the actual explanation is that in the games , it was a way to show the * player * that they have to check the court record .
