  now . 
  itt : people who care way too much about dumb kids insulting them online . 
  if this is her very first platformer and she 's done pretty much almost everything in it , that 's really damn impressive considering it 's a relatively difficult game . 
  too dark for this game ? 
  uuh , i really wan na hear this backstory now . 
  i 'm not saying people should just randomly read dumb insults just because `` it does n't matter anyway '' or that it strengthens your mind or something like that , but in my experience leaving the chat turned on is worth it sometimes for the people you can actually have fun talking with . 
  come the fuck on , the sarcasm could not be more obvious . 
  * reads your comment *, 
  oh okay now i 've read your comment, 
  * hits save *, 
  the movie, 
   with all-time gc count of 766 so far, 
  is it weird of me that i got that much in like two days ? 
  no lol, 
  not much , really . 
  what 's your point ? 
  it 's not like i understand the use of excel sheets either . 
  unless you make them yourself , in which case you , the player , actually did something . 
  yeah , because if you actually do something to make the game easier for you , at least you can sort of call that `` part of the game '' . 
  same for the people who make their own spreadsheets . 
  uuuh why are you taking him seriously, 
  he 's not serious, 
  you 're going down , ya backstabbing prick !, 
  ripping out tom nook 's wife 's eye was so satisfying . 
  * fewer, 
  okay , but then my question is why not just give yourself infinite cookies per second ? 
  that 's even more more cookies . 
  where the fuck am i, 
   that 's your opinion . 
  i made clear that i 'm aware of that by starting the sentence with `` i feel like '' . 
   stop telling everyone else how they should enjoy a singleplayer game . 
  ca n't really stop doing something i have n't started doing . 
  okay , only like 20 decillion per second then !, 
  oh , i totally get you . 
  this was the best answer in the thread so far . 
  i 'm more of an all-or-nothing guy in that regard , but you could argue that i 'm not even that , since i actually look up how to get certain achievements , so one could probably ask me why i do that if figuring out how to get them is part of the game , and i would n't really know an answer to that . 
  only part of your comment i do n't get is this :, 
   i do n't care as much about feeling like i did literally everything myself . 
  i care about feeling like i did, 
  there must have been a word missing or something . 
  i upvoted you because you already had six upvotes !, 
  good comment , probably !, 
  yup , just like in the youtube video of this scene !, 
  if we do n't use spoiler tags , then only people who either do n't care about being spoiled or people who have already played literally every game can come in here . 
  if we use spoiler tags , everyone can come in here , for the price of taking a few extra seconds to add spoiler tags . 
  there 's a difference between clickbait and arrows/large text . 
  i 've already `` bought '' radiant appetite , just was n't sure if i should use it . 
  is jo wuascht, 
  it 's not like my needle is named life extender . 
  ps : geo count not intended . 
  i thought he just goes straight to dirtmouth after the colloseum ? 
  it feels like having twice the cps is not worth it . 
  i have n't had a wombo combo since i switched . 
  most of my cookies came from dragonflights . 
  not kaiki . 
  yeah , that 's like writing, 
   today i am euphoric not because of some phony gods blessing but because i 'm enlightened by my own intelligence wow cool quote thanks, 
  after seeing the image , as a mother 3 lover , i thought `` hahahaha ! ... ... wait , is the barrier trio a jojo reference ?? '', 
  my run ended because some optional boss killed me . 
  ( forgot the name , it was a volcano thing with legs that spit lava on me . 
  the name was adjective noun ), 
  i was n't frustrated or anything . 
  i will rest knowing that zote went to hell with me . 
  pic # 9 with the telescope is the freakiest . 
  it was just so unsettling looking out there . 
  i do n't know if that was intended - it was probably just supposed to be a beautiful view - but i expected something to jump out at any moment . 
  just remember what you saw in her room ? 
  it 's not like you have to get everything right . 
  well , sometimes it 's pretty random what our brains decide to remember and what they do n't . 
  there probably are days on which i would n't have remembered those details and saved kate . 
   if uou find steel soul mode too difficult you can always exit the game if you get to 1hp during a boss fight and you 'll respawn at the last bench . 
  if i was willing to do that , i 'd just skip the middle-man and play normal mode !, 
  i do n't want to try anything new if i 'm hungry or if i have to pay a lot . 
  chances are , both will happen to me in a restaurant . 
  if i 'm hungry i do n't want to risk having to eat something i do n't like . 
  if i have to pay a lot i do n't want to risk paying something i wo n't enjoy . 
  sorry for not living by your standards and not fulfilling the point of restaurants . 
  i do try something at home , at a friend 's place , or when someone shares something from their plate . 
  ordering something you have n't tried in a restaurant is just the worst way of trying something new . 
  are you saying i used the word risk wrong ? 
  what do you think the word risk means ? 
  you literally take a risk if you pay money for something that you either could or could not like . 
   i hope you can see that `` i 'm scared to spend $ 12 on something that sounds good but i 've never tried '' comes off as uptight and a bit ridiculous, 
  does n't really matter how that comes across because i neither used the word `` scared '' , nor did i say anything about the food sounding good . 
  do you need to put words in my mouth to make my side of the argument look worse ? 
  bit weird considering you just basically said my use of the word `` risk '' was too extreme . 
  all i 'm saying is that i try new things in situations where whether i like it or not does n't matter . 
  in restaurants , i choose from the things i already know . 
  you know what 's even better than taking a risk that is so negligible that it really does n't merit using the term ? 
  just not taking the risk . 
  i do n't get what i really lose from that , considering i can still find new food i like in other settings . 
  i love imagining a guy fuming over the fact that you ordered a food you already now , thinking `` aaarghh he is so uptight !!, 
  the igo soccer finale was great . 
  somebody could have * died * . 
  you do n't get what 's happening here , do you, 
  the first ed of attack on titan ? 
  ( happens again right before the chorus , like you said ), 
  definitely something i would watch , though . 
  overwatch came out over years ago, 
  he gave additional information .
