  why does jotaro have the power to just sort of say `` i do n't accept what you just bet '' ? 
  that 's true , but are n't there other things they would both think are worth as much as holly 's soul ? 
  like some other soul from d'arby 's soul book ? 
  i know that jotaro probably would just , as you said , not agree with it , but i was under the impression that the way d'arby 's stand works is that the universe gets to decide what two things are of equal value , but maybe that 's just may interpretation of it . 
  ( or rather , what i think makes more sense ), 
  i wonder : if jotaro had said `` yeah , i do n't accept any wager other than dio 's stand '' , what would have happened ? 
  it 's not the same as folding , but it would n't be the same as if d'arby folded either . 
  if they say `` okay , let 's say that this game never happened '' then d'arby would still have polnareff 's and joseph 's souls , and it also would n't be fair because any time someone does n't like where a poker game is going , they could just , instead of folding , decide on a compromise . 
  i wonder if jotaro had the same scary aura that dio had . 
  and yes , that fruity blue drink was intimidating as fuck . 
  did you see how , when he finished drinking from it , some of the juice that was in the straw went back into the glass and filled it up a little bit ? 
  that level of detail made me piss myself . 
  all the stands that ca n't be defeated with brute force or did n't use brute force are in some of my favorite fights . 
  you can relate to the characters more and think `` what could he do in this situation ? 
  to be fair , that was only in the dub . 
  he does still say `` did you plan th - '' in the original , i think . 
  i do n't like that everyone is saying that they are actually saying it at the same time . 
  ( which may be true because i 've never read the manga ), 
  the thought that he just says `` you 're going to say '' and then speaks for 20 seconds straight , and the other person repeats the whole line , and only * then * reacts with a '' ... !!!!!! '', 
  is just too hilarious . 
  yeah , where 's the comment that points out `` gordon ramsey is the blond male person in the video '' ? 
   or if it was a recent search term, 
  well there we go . 
  uh , no . 
  the guy is pointing out why `` you carried it when it was full so i do n't understand why you would n't want to carry it when it 's empty '' is a bad argument . 
  of * course * people who litter would carry a full water bottle . 
  there 's water inside that they * bought * !, 
  he 's acting like the weight is the only factor to consider here . 
  yeah , i do n't know what the hell this guy is on about . 
  yeah why the fuck would anyone change that lol, 
  aw , the other guy answered sooner . 
  respond `` solved ! '', 
  to the guy so he gets a point !, 
  jesus christ dude , they are simply disagreeing with you just like you are disagreeing with them . 
  i feel like you could find a funny background event in every scene . 
  this is a rule that some redditors should sometimes go by . 
  i ca n't stand their urge to add another punchline to a joke that already works with just the first one . 
  people like you who generalize everything are the reason i hate berserk . 
  are you sure ? 
  `` avoiding jojo like plaque '' makes more sense gramatically than `` avoiding jojo like plague '' . 
  we * do * put effort into avoiding plaque , do n't we ? 
  you ruined it now !, 
  a projector is the object that the light comes out of that you put the picture onto the wall with . 
   you really ca n't bring up a statute of limitations here . 
  you make it sound like a murder . 
  he 's using that phrase because people who are n't against every spoiler keep saying shit like `` this is one year old so the statute of limitations ran out and i can spoil it '' . 
   so if someone is a year behind on television we should all conform to them ? 
  it 's not that much effort , is it ? 
  like ... three seconds difference considering 50 people could get spoiled ? 
  why not just `` jon snow gets to work '' or something . 
  is this a copypasta or something, 
  in english , the title would probably be something like `` i have peaked '' . 
  wow , what a rollercoaster . 
  wait , i never saw the movie , but it says that he played edmond dantes . 
  i do n't remember him having a son . 
  did they insert a twist where albert is his son or something ? 
   i 'm trying to stick away from the subreddit just in case anything gets spoiled, 
  you definitely should , even if you make a thread that asks people not to spoil you . 
  i 've seen top comments on threads like that that `` subtly reference '' future events , but they 're basically spoilers if you think about them for half a second . 
  i do n't know why redditors like to do that . 
  i guess they think you ca n't figure those things out if you have n't gotten there yet . 
  wow , that seems like an unnecessary change . 
  i wonder why they did that . 
  if you read the subtitles during the last song , they figure out what he 's singing by the lyrics . 
  he does n't get them completely right , though . 
  i do n't get it . 
  there is n't even a sprite like that , right ? 
  context ? 
  so you did n't pay attention but you 're complaining ? 
  always good to hear . 
  when will you learn that your actions, 
  * will have conse ^ ^ quences *, 
  to be fair , the comments praising the movie are n't really starting a discussion either . 
  yeah , but a positive article can lead to positive or negative discussion . 
  and if we 're gon na complain about this guy 's negative comment not starting a discussion , we might as well complain about the positive ones that do n't do it too . 
  this is a bad place to talk about not liking baby driver !, 
  after all , it 's not like the top level comment is a guy saying he was n't a fan of baby driver !, 
  i see inb4 used a lot . 
  there 's not really anything good to replace it . 
  yeah wtf, 
  the pacing is too fast , but * understanding * the show definitely is n't the problem . 
  it 's not even on sale !, 
  does the website work for you ? 
  not everything that made you laugh once has to be repeated until it stops being funny . 
  wait , what simulation ? 
  you ca n't possibly mean the episode with the glitchy characters that run on low processing power that reddit quotes constantly ? 
  `` the simpsons in minecraft '' - theme, 
  that 's a common misconception ? 
  what is that thing you do with the brackets ? 
  wait , really ? 
  how cool !, 
  this is something i actually expected to happen the first time i was there , but they all just let themselves get killed . 
  this song played in my head when i first saw the opening cutscene for the game , in which the seals appear on the black egg . 
   if it was n't for the internet ( or at least serious investment in the show ) you probably would n't have understood the importance of the little bit that gilly was reading from the book in the citadel before sam interrupted . 
  was r+l = j ever confirmed , though ? 
  it was pretty much already confirmed that lyanna is jon 's mother , but whether rhaegar had something to do with it or not is just a theory . 
  and if it 's just a theory and something that has n't even been revealed at that point , that just makes that scene foreshadowing and not something you `` have to pause '' the episode for . 
  what the fuck, 
  how hard can it be to read the comment you are directly replying to ? 
  letters !,
