  on that note , i vastly prefer the german dub . 
  i use both and the mentality is completely different . 
  thanks , doc . 
  i feel like branching paths mean that the quality of the individual paths would probably suffer . 
  i also want there to be a normal winner for once . 
  i once jokingly posted an idea i had for a character , but i feel like parts of this should actually happen :, 
  how are you supposed to know to walk into the light with her , by the way ? 
  what if you try to leave the dungeon ? 
  did they show the whole dungeon ? 
  it just seemed too short . 
  ( i only played albw , but never played this far in alttp . ), 
  but if she 's smart enough to avoid the light outside , why would you think that she 'll just walk into the light in the boss room ? 
  yeah , but the way to figure out to get light in the dungeon is to use logic . 
  if i learn that `` if i try to walk into light with her , nothing happens '' , then i wo n't turn around and apply the exact opposite logic later in the dungeon . 
  seriously , this seems really weird . 
  i know i 'm being nitpicky , but you sorta have to use like 40 % logic for this puzzle , but not more or less . 
  the mystery of the passing time !, 
  oooh , that 's even funnier than what i thought then . 
  i thought the rabbi needed it for facial reconstruction because he 's actually on the run , the black guy needs a character skin for a video game he bought 2 weeks prior , and the priest wants to lose weight and get skinnier after his wife made a comment about him having gained some pounds lately , and even though she said she did n't mind it , it 's kinda been gnawing on him . 
  yeah , but a more accurate example would be if it showed you that it 's * not possible * to throw something into a circle of stones . 
  my problem is n't that i would have thought `` oh no , i 'm gon na make this fair maiden mad '' ; it 's that i would have thought `` huh . 
  so she wo n't go into light '' . 
  and then she just walks into it . 
  i just wonder if i would have figured this out by thinking logically or just by `` trying everything '' . 
  yes , but she chose to turn around and return to her cell , so why would she just walk into really bright light on porpuse later ? 
  it has nothing to do with what link does . 
  unless he dragged her into the light , but then again , why not just drag her outside ? 
  thanks for the comment !, 
  til that when brucetopher lee was stabbed in the back during the filming of the hobbit , george lucas told him that he was doing it wrong . 
  lee immediately told him `` nobody will ever believe you '' and shut him up for good . 
  rest in piece , you absolute badass !!!!!, 
  wow , that 's so ionic !, 
  i 've played enough to be gold nova 2 and it sucks to have to `` work '' to get back to the fun gamemode . 
   i feel like this is utter bullshit, 
  what the fuck are you doing ? 
  he himself called it irrational . 
  why would you even ask that and then say you would n't like to get spoiled ? 
  there are two outcomes : people say `` yes '' and it was not a spoiler , or people say `` the answer is a spoiler '' , meaning the answer is `` no '' . 
  there 's also the possibility of just lying to you and saying they are the same person , when they are not , but apparently people do n't want to do that . 
  good job posting something that i 've already seen , gosh . 
  yeah , should have been on / r/funny . 
  `` oooh , you got the cane of gamelon ! '', 
  oh dear god . 
  who won ? 
  nostalgic pictures like this really make me want to drop in on a grommet . 
  yeah , main nazi is n't his name !, 
  exactly . 
  it 's not incorrect , it just means pi\u00dfwasser was founded before that . 
  what a twist . 
  * it ai n't easy being whiiiiite *, 
  ** it ai n't easy being brooown **, 
  well , it 's a spoiler to the first episode . 
  well , kinda ? 
  sure , it 's something most people know before watching it , but it 's also neat to find it out yourself , albeit being minor . 
  who has to `` admit '' they did n't make up a joke themselves ? 
  are n't most jokes on this subreddit , or in general , just created by another person ? 
  it 's a joke !, 
  you hear it from someone and then tell it to someone else . 
  you 're setting the bag for big respect pretty low . 
  yeah , `` someone who has big '' and then ideas , but boobs right under it . 
  also , who would even word anything like that ? 
  yes , all the 16-year-olds reading this spoiler had a hundred years to read the books so it 's their fault . 
  it 's not like we 're saying `` how can you find this funny ? '' . 
  ... and his wife . 
  gerudos would have ruled the desert way earlier if it had n't been for him . 
  * right after the chimera calls edward `` brother '' *, 
  `` mr. tucker ... when did you get your state qualification again ? '', 
  `` it was two years ago , i believe . '', 
  `` and when did your wife leave you ? '', 
  `` two years ago . '', 
  gerudos would have stopped ruling the desert way later if it had n't been for him . 
  if he 's from the usa . 
  we are talking about making a perfect replication of a real human , not making a perfect human . 
  someone cares a bit too much about karma . 
  what if the events of ze3 cause the apocalypse ? 
  source : me , from when i thought that that was actually the intended joke . 
  once i heard the explanation about the famine or whatever , i was disappointed . 
  tl ; dr : `` i think you are wrong but do n't want to hear the reasons . '', 
  or maybe `` lunatic '' as in luna , the moon . 
  i always thought he looked like that guy from game of thrones who was revived by the lord of light after a trial by combat . 
  it 's the nerv logo from neon genesis evangelion . 
  hospital scene ? 
  what hospital scene ? 
  i watched the anime and do n't remember such a thing . 
  it 's not going to happen anyway . 
  for me , the ending of an anime is really important . 
  if it 's not good , i reduce the score of the anime by like 2 or even 3 points . 
  clannad after story , however , made an ending that invalidated everything good that happened during the anime . 
  whenever someone says `` wait until you get to as , it 's such a rollercoaster of emotions , such sad scenes '' , i wonder if that person even saw the ending because it turns out that these precious sad scenes are just there to be undone . 
  you can do this in a vn , but not in an anime . 
  the anime was not about time travel or whatever until those last few minutes . 
  sure , there is some foreshadowing , but how does that make it right ? 
  if so many people have to read up an explanation about what the fuck happened at the end of an otherwise simple romance anime , they did something wrong . 
  it 's all about the execution . 
  if i just want to know * what * happens in an anime , i can just read up a plot summary on wikipedia instead of watching it . 
  * how * the information is shown is the important part . 
  but that 's not even why people were pissed . 
  it 's what may have even been expected from the ending . 
  they got pissed because it suddenly got undone within seconds for no apparent reason . 
  `` it 's when a girl takes her labia - '',
