  even on the first day of youtube , 8-year-olds existed . 
  we do n't know how old the commenter is now . 
  hello ? 
  think about all the moments where you read about snorlax/saw it . 
  those moments did not happen to the person you are talking to . 
  people are still discovering it . 
  by your logic , spoilers do n't exist . 
  uuuh i was sarcastic too so hah i win, 
  it says, 
   the future arc is a fucking anime . 
  it 's not real . 
  kodaka is a hack guys . 
  yup , i do prefer that . 
  that would have implied i did n't know . 
  there is nothing i do n't know . 
  i 'm not completely serious , but if it 's actually her then this has to have been foreshadowing . 
   we order them in bulk, 
  so , why all the downvotes ? 
  because nothing cool can ever happen ? 
  so what ? 
  he could have explained the controls and how to do aerials a minute before that , and his cousin decided to try it out and got lucky . 
  it looks lucky and `` random '' enough to be plausible , and it is n't even that impressive of a goal . 
  i think people here are just skeptical for the sake of it . 
  no shit it 's a cool goal for a beginner ; that 's why it was uploaded !, 
  yes , it 's * unlikely * . 
  but people only upload the good shots , so of course we see something unlikely happening . 
  and even if i think that it might be faked , how is that a reason to downvote op without proof ? 
  `` the materials '' ? 
  like ... the video file ? 
  what you said was okay , but the tone in your voice ticked people off . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/5054ya/til_that_the_chinese_word_for_contradiction_\u77db\u76fe/d71a5vh ) guy and ask the people who upvoted him . 
  do you often read a possessive 's as an `` is '' ? 
  i have no idea what either of you are rambling about . 
  instead of thinking he means kyoko kirigiri , you mean that he says `` kyoko-chan '' longingly about the chick that just exploded , who happens to have the same name as an extremely important character that he swore to protect ? 
  if you do n't cum inside it 's not incest . 
  are you german ? 
  i just won easily as buster . 
  he 's still alright . 
  how was it destroyed ? 
  what is it with the `` them '' in all caps ? 
  that 's not even where the emphasis is . 
  i do n't get it , i know you 're quoting arin 's role in rick and morty , but how is that relevant here ? 
  yup , that is german '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' `` humor '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' alright . 
  you 're the one getting riled up from a troll . 
  same goes for the other guy . 
  you can not be serious . 
  you know that cats have instincts too , right ? 
  this thread is not tagged as a spoiler thread ... i guess . 
  but if you have to plan on doing that , wo n't be expect it ? 
  and there are still people who would say stuff like `` it 's your fault for not watching it sooner '' and `` the statute of limitations on spoilers has run out a while ago '' . 
  it 's shitty . 
  no that makes zero sense . 
  farts farts singing singing mumbled speech xd, 
  explain how your comment makes sense ? 
   reus was the only one with a valid reason to hate gramaryes . 
  yeah , out of the people we know . 
  not every reason for someone hating someone gets made public , though . 
  it 's almost like the characters were like `` well , there are billions of people in the world , and many reasons to hate someone , but this is all i have in my court records right now , so that narrows it down '' , almost like they were self-aware enough to know they 're in a game . 
   ( also , retinz is n't mistree , mistree was the guy who died . ), 
  oh , really ? 
  i thought mr. reus was a stage name , and manov mistree was the real name , and the guy who died is just some guy . 
  i am probably just misremembering things . 
  he wrote that down because trucy told him she never told anyone . 
  trucy could have either lied or , as he said , forgotten . 
  what 's the counterargument to that ? 
  roger retinz * is * related to the case . 
  it was a leap to assume that he is the same person as someone * else * who is related to the case . 
  `` oh , this person hates the gramaryes and this other person also hates the gramaryes ? 
  that means they are the same person ! '' . 
  why ca n't he be his own person ? 
  it felt a bit like that revelation was rushed . 
  i liked it , but it was executed weirdly . 
  maybe i just was n't paying enough attention . 
  he is saying that it was weird before they explained it . 
  she 's something music related . 
  yeah , he should have seen it before he was born !, 
  i 'm gon na repost what i wrote about my oc tonado maegika a year ago . 
  he is going to :, 
  * be the one who solves the unsolvable fifth case where they literally ca n't figure out who the killer is . 
  he randomly chooses one classmate , tells everyone to vote for him as the killer , guesses right !, 
  * have his own mahou shoujo anime called puella magi tonado maegika . 
  * be lucky enough to `` win '' the last chase - the one in chapter 6 !, 
  a chain of logic and evidence leads to the perpetrator of the sixth murder , they all vote for him , turns out they were wrong !, 
  everyone , including the guy they voted for , is surprised . 
  turns out , tonado maegika accidentally killed the victim without anyone , including himself , knowing . 
  everyone , including the protagonist , gets executed and tonado wins the third survival game . 
  * be fond of spicy food . 
  if this keeps up , we will have a todakodamada gidanaeda . 
  the pharmacist fainted . 
  that 's what spoiled game of thrones for me when i first saw it . 
  it was n't even that much of a long time after the episode air afaik . 
  i looked forward to that episode every time i watched the show . 
  i think i just like bottle episodes . 
  what about the christmas special thing ? 
  it started out good but gradually devolved into rubbish . 
  ... yeah . 
  he gets it . 
  this is pretty close . 
  i feel like the guy firing a bullet near the end seems familiar , but maybe that also happened in the music video i 'm actually thinking of . 
  it 's just missing that heart monitor thing .
