  `` those subs should be mostly right '' and `` some of the lines do n't match the dialogue '' are n't really contradicting statements . 
  it was `` girls just wan na have fun '' and a different version of the song actually plays in the background of the beach level . 
  the spoiler tag only does good . 
  i do n't understand why you are complaining about something that does n't harm or bother you in any way . 
  while you guys think you 're being subtle , [ repeating `` would you kindly '' with no context and thinking it is n't a spoiler still spoils the game . 
  i started playing bioshock knowing that there is going to be a scene where `` would you kindly '' was going to be a memorable line . 
  i start the game , and in the first cutscene , the note jack has reads `` would you kindly '' . 
  i go into rapture and the first thing atlas says is `` would you kindly '' . 
  very subtle , reddit . 
  good thing i did n't figure out how exactly the line is important , other from the fact that atlas is the one who brought me to rapture , which is something i figured out right when i started the game . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  i know , i know . 
  i just replied to you because i kinda thought that this spot was the best for my comment or something . 
  so , guys , i 'm not sure if this is a joke or not , but we * did * have that back in elementary school . 
  medical exams and stuff ? 
  unlike most people , i laughed more at the ** word to yo motha ** version . 
  if the beginning is too slow for you , still watch the first half of the series and then decide if you wan na keep on watching . 
  fun fact : today is michael fassbender 's birthday . 
  yeah , i walked around columbia for about 40 minutes or so , and when the raffle happened i was a bit upset at the announcer , so i tried to throw it at him , but what actually shocked me was the scene afterwards . 
  booker kills the policeman . 
  even though this is a bioshock game and i have played 1 and 2 , i was so shocked !, 
  i thought `` oh my god , this man is dead !, 
  i have killed him ! '' . 
  and after that , when i had to kill more and more people , i thought `` no , no , no , no !!, 
  everything was just fine until now ! '' . 
  got used to it though . 
  katawa shoujo literally means disability girls . 
  the whole game is about girls who are disabled . 
  elfen lied has like one cripple in it . 
  now wait a minute . 
  [ did he die before or after the baptism ? 
  i thought if they killed him right after the baptism , everything on that branch ceases to exist . 
  if they had done it before the baptism , both branches would have been gone . 
  killing him after the baptism makes every reality that has or interacts with comstock ( the realities where he loses anna ) disappear . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  you got normal-guy-who-happens-to-know-about-both-of-those-things-served . 
  the entirety of the panty and stocking ova , [ panty and stocking in sanitarybox . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2hbwsb3pnm ), 
  i guess if i have to decide for a `` moment '' i 'd have to say ... the last scene when they start dancing . 
  the periodic table of * alloys * . 
  it 's the worst . 
  ooh , i just got why he was n't happy about winning . 
  if you 've finished the game : [ the 123 instances of `` heads '' were n't different people , they were all booker . 
  since it was robert 's idea to bring booker into the comstock timeline ( rosalind does n't think that the thought experiment is a good exercise ) , he also hopes that booker will manage to , well , beat the game in one of the timelines . 
  since heads came up the 123rd time , he fears that the rest wo n't change either . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  well , i guess you could say that [ if you die 123 times in a row , they were n't * those * 123 worlds . 
  it 's not like the timelines happen chronologically ; they happen at the same time , parallel to each other . 
  the bioshock infinite timeline is n't the 123rd timeline . 
  it 's just the 123rd timeline that the lutece twins went to and watched . 
  you ca n't say that `` this is the 123rd time booker has done this '' . 
  it 's always the first , just with a different booker . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  what 's the ... shape of the snake letter look like ? 
  and he knows that bowser jr. is his only son because he read hypershadic 's comment ? 
  your mileage may vary . 
  he looks nothing like a mulatto dwarf or a frenchman with one eye !, 
  troy baker , his voice actor , is 37 years old and sounds like it , at least in my opinion . 
  oh , you were n't talking about the age , but you meant the fact that booker does n't talk like a normal guy ? 
  would you kindly explain it to me ? 
  i 've only seen like eight different episodes of that show , but he 's a big pervert and i find him somewhat enjoyable . 
  i have tried like 6 different things to bypass region restrictions so far , and none of them worked . 
  the first picture looks like a screenshot from bioshock infinite . 
  the comic can also be interpreted as `` what if booker had a baby ? '' . 
  it 's as if he 's so used to elizabeth 's lockpicking that he relies on everyone else to be able to do it too . 
  that fucking t-bone steak testimony with vasquez . 
  well , you 'd still need quotes . 
  laura bailey was in that ? 
  oh , i did n't know that . 
  i only know her seductive voice from full metal alchemist or bioshock infinite . 
  wait , the tf2 community knows him ? 
  i only know his name because he made mario 64 machinima years ago . 
  would they have been able to read ray 's lips when he said light 's name ? 
  ( i do n't remember the scene exactly ), 
  before someone told me about the famine , i assumed that it 's some sort of antijoke . 
  of course one would n't need a potato to kill a guy !, 
  `` enter '' implies plural though . 
  the joke was already gramatically incorrect before i pointed it out . 
  i only said something because i remember some redditor telling another version of the joke that works better , but i ca n't really remember how it went . 
  first ending ? 
  people always say that , but does that actually happen ? 
  before you watch disappearance , watch bamboo leaf rhapsody . 
  ( and the sigh of haruhi suzumiya if you want to . ), 
  you 're a diction !, 
  when someone who speaks perfect german says `` brunhilde '' , it sure as hell does n't sound like `` broomhilda '' . 
  good point . 
  it was really the worst first episode i have ever seen . 
  i mean ... dude ... how did he ... it 's a timer , dude . 
  why would you not know this !, 
  is n't that what they said ? 
  they made a new joke out of it that 's basically the same thing . 
  my favorite song from the game !, 
  now i want to play it again . 
  galaxy quest handled this perfectly . 
  well thanks for teaching me about the term `` vacuous truth '' . 
  episode 2 right after the scene on the boat . 
  he still is n't with her . 
  something with sonic and xbox . 
  or they should press those two buttons in sonic . 
  yeah , if you watch the dub , all the dramatic stuff is not just dramatic , it 's *** fucking dramatic !!!,
