  and yeah , i 'm sure there is a longer and more intense version . 
  i think it plays when they open the entrance to the chamber of secrets . 
  edit :, 
  i know a vegan over facebook who annoys me because she basically makes it her entire identity . 
  she has about 100 facebook friends who read her vegan posts . 
  if i went on 4chan and complained about it , a great number of people would see me complain . 
  also , annoying vegans or sjws or whatever annoy many people at once . 
  so is n't it kinda natural that you would hear people complaining more often than you see it happen ? 
  especially being on reddit , a site with sort of a hivemind . 
  it 's called `` a monologue for three '' and it 's by brttanick . 
  the tree falls in the woods is different , though . 
  to be comparable to this case of `` seeing something we ca n't see '' , you have to rephrase the tree example like this : `` if a tree falls in a forest , and nobody hears it , does somebody hear it ? 
  is this jojo, 
  the reason i 'm asking is because i was just watching the scene where harry picks up a lollipop while invisible , but he never ate it . 
  both of my friends told me i must have been thinking of something else but they also have the image in their head . 
  never seen that . 
  nope !, 
  never seen that . 
  not that either , sorry . 
  you know what ? 
  i 'm pretty sure this is it . 
  thank you very much !, 
  and the points he made were often just bad to begin with . 
  ( like in his video about password protection . 
  it seems like he does n't know why a password is safe if it 's longer . ), 
  and because he keeps explaining why something is dumb or ridiculous as if we ca n't figure it out ourselves . 
  his videos have been popular for months . 
  what 's gon na happen in the next two weeks ? 
  i do n't see how that would help you with a scripted death that is part of the story . 
  well , for me it turned out to be death note . 
  well then we might as well make the characters the heart and the foot . 
  punchline in the title . 
  considering most of the titles contain the names of animes , which contain several japanese words , you 're simply glad that you do n't understand japanese ? 
  then how did i know exactly what would happen from just looking at the thumbnail and the title ? 
  most people already know that he says `` you did n't have to cut me off '' in this extremely popular song , so when that gets put in your mind and the title says `` i did '' , it just makes you think `` oh , so he 's gon na get cut off '' . 
  especially with the length of the video and all . 
  what 's the anime original instance ? 
  i watched it with friends and it was hilarious . 
  and just because something is funny does n't mean it has to be laugh-out-loud funny . 
  i think the point is that mayoiga was actually not trying to be serious . 
  that arc had a great payoff , but it could have been way shorter . 
  probably because you either did n't read the title or did n't think about it too hard ( after all , it 's youtubehaiku where you just click through some quick videos ) but the fact that i knew what was going to happen sort of says something about the title , does n't it ? 
  you could always argue that the fact that i knew what was going to happen was just a lucky guess on my part , but i really do n't see how else you could interpret the title . 
  oh wait yeah im dumb, 
  it 's really frustrating when nobody tells me why i 'm wrong . 
  i 'd actually like to know . 
  i guess so . 
  let me phrase it this way : it is not completely normal to argue back when someone disagrees with you and you think you 're right ? 
  ( just like you 're doing right now . ), 
  and is it not okay to post criticism in the comment section ? 
  apart from puns and circlejerking , is n't that what the comment section should be for ? 
  i know that downvotes exist , but they do n't really give anyone insight on how to improve . 
  i get that it 's not serious , but i 'm taking this submission just as seriously as you are taking my comments when you respond to them . 
  at least i 'm not personally insulting anyone , you know ? 
  something bugs me about the submission , so i comment on it . 
  my comment bugs someone else , they respond to my comment . 
  what 's the difference here ? 
  i thought it was that people think i 'm wrong , but apparently that 's not even the case ? 
  inb4 omg your comment looks kinda long so that means you take it too seriously ( please no ), 
  anything that is n't politics to begin with . 
  a barbecued sausage . 
  the barbequed sausage is his penis . 
  i think it 's pretty much the same . 
  you know , like cut off contact with a person . 
  holy moly , calm down . 
  those are some really big and mean words you 're using there . 
  and who complained about downvotes ? 
  is there a misunderstanding here ? 
  something i said is making you really hostile and mad and i do n't see it . 
  called me troll, 
  says what i say is bullshit, 
  called me insufferable, 
  called me an asshole, 
  maybe called me childish , but i 'm not sure what you meant by `` complaining about downvotes '' . 
  you 're right . 
  i should n't act like your response was out of left field . 
  because that was basically your tone for the entire comment tree you just showed me . 
  the most hostile thing i did was criticizing the title ( after which i just defended myself without personally attacking anyone ) . 
  which is it ? 
  am i taking this too seriously or am i a troll who 's causing you to take me too seriously ? 
  honest question here , since english is not my first language : does contrarian mean that i just go against the popular opinion , or does it mean that i go against the popular opinion just for the sake of being different ? 
  if it 's the former , i do n't see how that 's a problem . 
  people sometimes are in the minority with their opinions . 
  and sometimes they 're negative . 
  i 've never even heard about keemstar until that whole runescape pedophile debacle happened . 
  and then i continued not really hearing anything about him . 
  i do n't even know how i found out about pewdiepie , but it was a long time ago and many people i 'm subscribed to mention him . 
  does n't keemstar have less than 2 million subscribers ? 
  ( maybe i 'm looking at the wrong channel here . ), 
  biiiig difference in popularity . 
  i think it 's time for my annual replay of that game !, 
  thanks for reminding me it exists !, 
  please , op !, 
  you 're gon na have better chances if you sing it ( or whistle it ) for us . 
  i 'm not very good at reading notes . 
  in the meantime , i 'm just gon na guess . 
  is it nessun dorma ? 
  thank you very much !, 
  funny how accurate my 2003 guess was . 
  thicc,
