  ( ... ly tucked in ), 
  same with `` he walked out of his house naked '' . 
  he walked out , while naked . 
  he did n't walk in a naked way . 
  do you think it 's going to happen this suddenly and frequently in the future ? 
  it has so much potential for mindgames , it 's incredible . 
  naegi you damn brat , stop bullshitting me, 
  nagito * actually * has luck as his talent . 
  he has an unrealistic amount of luck , which is also why he got drawn to get into the school . 
  naegi does n't have a talent . 
  he got drawn to get into the school because he simply was lucky , just like anyone else in the world can win the lottery . 
  cool , you have no humor * and * you sound like a total dickhead . 
  dude , even if he was serious , he did n't want people to * respond with spoilers * . 
  there 's a difference between going on the internet and expecting there to not be spoilers and writing a comment and not wanting people spoiling it * in the same comment thread directly to the person who has n't played it yet * . 
  why are n't you simply reading it as a humorous comment , like `` imagine if the guy who ordered the coffee said this '' . 
  which parts, 
  it would still be part of a joke . 
  imagine if a guy orders a normal coffee to drink and some barrista makes a piece of art , getting way too into it . 
  check for achievements you can get easily before ascending . 
  that tag is pure cancer . 
  you even know it was sarcasm , so why do you think it 's needed ? 
  because of how suddenly she stops moving her head , i thought the gif was backwards at first . 
  you do n't wear things inside of you . 
  or do you, 
  look at this !, 
  they used apostrophes for plural !, 
  and then they did n't two lines later !, 
  unwatchable . 
  the vagina , as he said , is only the inside part . 
  it 's wrong to call the vulva ( the outside ) vagina , because calling the outside by the name of something on the inside is like calling your face ( outside ) your throat ( inside ) . 
  fuck off kid lol, 
  news are not made on reddit . 
  why do you think that 's weird ? 
  does n't everything that happens in the last episode including lelouch 's internal monologue and all the emotions that come with the last scene make you think that the opposite happened ? 
  why not ? 
  i think i 've said heil hitler at the end of every match ever since the report system was implemented . 
  to be fair , it 's also arguable if the author should have a say in this . 
  right in the feels, 
  i hate you, 
  you monster, 
  take your upvote, 
  memes ladies and gentlemen meeeeemes, 
  so his full name is mike mike, 
  does anyone else think that season 2 is rather weak so far ? 
  i agree about the last episode . 
  it also had the glorious return of the mr. 
  robot theme song . 
  it was a way of inciting a discussion to pinpoint what exactly irks me about the current season and it worked . 
  that would n't be necessary in his mind if he thinks that 's what the person meant in the first place . 
  yeah , sometimes i really regret not just waiting until the season is finished and then binge-watching it . 
  what exactly is the problem ? 
  why did using the word meta like that become such a thing ? 
  let 's all sit down around this traditional american kotatsu !, 
  i get a tooth falling out dream every other week . 
  it 's come to a point where i 'm in a dream and think `` oh , usually i dream about this but now it 's actually falling out ! '' . 
  i think it has to do with how my teeth feel while i sleep , i dunno . 
  it 's a load of bull ; dreams can not see the future . 
  i did die , but that was before i had any dreams like that . 
  if you rewatch the scene where they first meet erica in the game , you will notice that [ they both knew from the beginning ] ( https://youtu.be/bnmlhnnx3ie?t=733 ) . 
  hahahaha, 
  i only date sailors . 
  do n't feel bad . 
  you have achieved meme status . 
  i joke about you all day . 
  what did they `` call '' ? 
  just `` junko invented the monokuma design '' ? 
  i thought this was gon na be another generic edgy `` i hope they die a painful death yada yada '' reddit comment , so i was pleasently surprised . 
  why does it need to be fake if it 's almost just as easy to make a `` real '' version ? 
  fuck that guy for making me laugh , i guess . 
  nobody cuz we put them aside, 
  in case somebody did n't get it : the villains of dr : ae called themselves the `` warriors of hope '' . 
  it 's to hide the fact that his face was purple from being poisoned . 
  or , you know , by * forgetting * like the guy in the comment above yours . 
  ae came out almost a year ago so it 's not hard to forget . 
  i feel like the guy who voices him always plays the coolest guys . 
  ( with similar beards . ), 
  so ... just chiaki ? 
   remember maizono 's death ? 
  who, 
   did n't i said it already ? 
  who the fuck are you ? 
  should i know you ? 
  probably in degrees . 
  it 's a circle , and i 'm not really good at estimating circumference . 
  what the fuck is a leon, 
  in other words , i can . 
  degrees . 
  it 's right there . 
  circumference is measured in meters or any unit that describes space , but since people ca n't really estimate it/use it intuitively , degrees works better . 
  yeah , people should actually start using spoiler tags for extremely plausible theories like that . 
  re : zero, 
  he recommended the inferior product *** if *** the vn is just a slideshow . 
  which is true , because why watch a slideshow if there is the same thing but with more movement ? 
  but it 's not a slideshow , so he 's not recommending it . 
  near the end of the last chapter , one of the `` noise '' texts during one of the non-stop debates mentions matsuda . 
  did he get qpu misaligned ? 
  wait ... you get notified when someone does that ? 
  if anyone else has more proof , * please * tell me because i crave the attention . 
  why are you spoiling that something sad happens with sarah lynn ? 
  why does that make you old ?
