  lol, 
  is it [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/kthlyhfiva8?t=128 ) part of the fan flash for weird al 's `` everything you know is wrong '' ? 
  edit : hmm , does n't have the cactus thing so probably not . 
  is it this :, 
   how many literal spiders do you think he 's killed in his life up until now ? 
  he eats 8 in his sleep every night . 
  no , people do n't do this . 
  but he does . 
  yeah !, 
  we 're in the 2 % timeline !, 
  i 'm in the middle of stardust crusaders , but do they ever explain how dio 's coffin ended up at the bottom of the ocean with dio in it ? 
  want erina in it ? 
  try not to spoil me . 
  you doubt many people interpreted it as a flash forward ? 
  why ? 
  it was one of those neat prizes in every 1000th bag . 
  wait . 
  a plot hole is n't something that 's unexplained . 
  it 's an inconsistency or contradiction in the plot , is it ? 
  i have n't seen it in a while so i do n't know if they 're right , but this seems like a big hole . 
  if a huge chunk of the story could have been avoided in a way that simply does n't get addressed , that 's not really nitpicking . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  it 's been a while . 
  i think by that point they are too caught up in the battle to even remember the first scene . 
  maybe later when they rewatch episode one they 'd be like `` what was up with this scene ? 
  ca n't you just say gakkougurashi has a great story to make them watch it ? 
  i know that for the first 15 minutes your friends would think `` how is this good exactly ? '', 
  but you could just say the story really gets going after a while . 
  how did so many people make it through twelve episodes when they found it so boring ? 
  if i had n't thought that s ; g was great from the beginning , i never would have finished it . 
  not in the genitive case . 
  that would be `` des ritters '' . 
  if it 's not a random hinz , it might be a random kunz . 
  good point . 
  since there are no other languages in the world , op must be lying !, 
  he is admitting that he is wrong . 
  he 's not saying that as a counter point or something . 
  actually , you 're right . 
  nevermind . 
  he is bound to use a guide for that one fight against those two spiky skull dudes . 
  then he 's going to outright tell dan what to do and what will happen next . 
  is there any way to get in contact with arin about this shit ? 
  i know he does n't read comments because they say bad things when he does bad things , so how do they receive criticism ? 
  i know they have followed fan advice before . 
  spring they said, 
  aaaaaaaaaaaa, 
  i guess that 's 7 more months of browsing 4chan in no-picture mode while also filtering out every post that mentions danganronpa or any of the characters ' names . 
  okay , this has to be a joke . 
  i know that people say that , but i ca n't imagine forcing myself through 50 % of an anime because it `` gets good '' later . 
  she 's teasing him because she wants him . 
  yup , this is after the timeskip in the fourth game . 
  oh you 're german, 
  i would n't really say that `` if 1000000 grains is a heap then 999999 grains is a heap . '', 
  seems correct at first glance . 
  it does n't seem incorrect either . 
  it does n't seem ... anything . 
  i read it and just went `` uuh , okay ? '' . 
  they 're already using a vague word such as heap in the premise and so i ca n't really agree or disagree with it . 
  it would make it better to be honest . 
  it at least has to make people believe it is real . 
  thanks , it was [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fstqej8ihrs ) . 
  * you * said, 
  hahahahahaha good luck on that sextant . 
  i agree , but it 's damn cute . 
  the rule is that you never get the sextant , but you get like 100 copies of the weather radio . 
  okay , that is unlucky . 
  i 've made the cellphone twice and have like 150 quests . 
  ( have n't even gotten the achievement yet . ), 
  they all have a chance of 2 % , so the chance of getting any of the three items is 6 % . 
  once you 've gotten one , the chance of getting one of the remaining two items is 4 % . 
  so you could say it gets harder . 
  you might just be bad at platformers then . 
  `` frustratingly difficult platforming '' seems like a bit of an exaggeration . 
  i went through the whole game without any big difficulties , except for some parts where i just went `` hey , that was pretty challenging ! '', 
  ( meaning it in a positive way ) . 
  i was really surprised when i saw people mentioning how difficult the game is . 
  the gameplay is extremely fun and , like many metroidvanias , it gets more fun once you unlock more ways to move around . 
  ( like double jump and such . ), 
  there is an ability you learn in the ginso tree , at which point the game goes from good to great . 
  mild spoilers for owlboy 's story :, 
  even the story it tells never really goes anywhere and i feel like they set up some sort of new game + type of thing at the end that just does n't happen . 
  the twist near the end was great , but the story really goes downhill after it . 
  when the gif looped back to the beginning , i thought it was just an extremely laggy goal at the end of the gif . 
  my point is that many people do n't think that its difficulty is noteworthy . 
  there 's nothing there to be upfront about . 
  oooh , i guess that 's true . 
  thanks . 
  this is not the one i meant , but it 's just as funny . 
  i think the one i meant was in slowmo and on a different map . 
  maybe a snowy map . 
  not sure . 
  his reaction will be `` what the heck do i doooo '' and arin will read from the walkthrough , telling him exactly what is going to happen in the next 15 minutes . 
  wait , which part was unexpected ? 
  the phone ? 
  do they explicitly tell you in plain text on screen ? 
  if so , they wo n't notice it . 
  aaah this was in avatar tlab was n't it ? 
  their videos are all this funny . 
  i am pretty sure that he 's saying they ruined their own playthrough of the chapter , not that they actually ruined the chapter of the game in general . 
  he knows that .
