  i wish i were a bird . 
  you do n't really have to watch the scene very often to remember the number . 
  it just gets really easy to remember , thanks to the song . 
  ( which is sort of the exact opposite of what the joke was . ), 
  but what about ne ne isaacu, 
  there 's neither an evil smile nor a muahahaha in that scene . 
  at least he 's honest . 
  unlike the vagina , the anus does not produce its own lubricant . 
  the more lube you use , the more comfortable and enjoyable anal sex can be . 
  do n't forget to make sure you are using a water-based lubricant . 
  before going right to anal sex you may want to begin by using a finger to become comfortable with anal play . 
  it 's no ego ** s ** . 
  they 're allowed to have * one * !, 
  i had a fifth incisor , so i would have 33 teeth right now if they did n't have to pull it . 
  could be useful if you ever lost a piece of furniture at night !, 
  what were you thinking ? 
  why would it even look like that in the first place ? 
  what ? 
  wow , i thought i was in r/circlejerk for a second !, 
  he knows that , but he wants to know his * name * . 
  like two thirds of the comment you 're replying to are the sentence answering your question . 
  i 'd sorta agree with you if the title was something like `` nudist beach cosplay '' and he did n't expect naked people , but not everyone knows who nonon jakuzure is . 
  hell , she 's not even that naked most of of the time . 
  i think it has something to do with moving your jaw around or something . 
  now you 're just saying that good and bad are almost the same thing . 
  no , `` good '' and `` bad '' are words . 
  they have absolute definitions . 
  they are antonyms and therefore as far away from each other as possible . 
  what falls under the groups of `` good '' and `` bad '' is entirely subjective , but the concept - the meaning - of `` good '' and `` bad '' os objective . 
  he 's basically saying that there is almost no difference between an anime he thinks is well dubbed and an anime he thinks is badly dubbed . 
  is this our chance ? 
  l'esprit de figuratively . 
  my only gripe with brentalfloss 's songs is the fact that he includes references to other stuff ( real life or other games ) in his songs , like jeffrey dahmer in his mega man song or obama in his cave story song . 
  it 's just not completely true to the games . 
  however , this song had none of that !, 
  it was in the game 's spirit and i liked it . 
  ( also , was that a little tribute to smooth mcgroove there ? ), 
  which begs the question : how are you supposed to read tildes anyway ? 
  wow , the writing really went downhill in this installment !, 
  is your mother 's name pigeon poopenheimer ? 
   also very interesting to hear the same voice actor 's different voices in different anime . 
  but that goes for dubs too , does n't it ? 
  did n't he actually * say * `` injustice we trust '' after the reveal ? 
  that is complete bullshit . 
  `` you never would 've watched them anyway '' , what the fuck ? 
  why should a 19-year-old have found every movie they would be interested in ? 
  you just spoiled three movies for no reason just because your twisted logic tells you that everyone has to have seen old movies , even young people . 
  was there a point in time where every human being was given a list of good movies they had to watch before some deadline ? 
  that 's a pretty stupid name for such a beautiful wallpaper . 
  what did they do with hataraku maou-sama ? 
  i love the reference to the `` coming of knuckles '' in the 20th book of sonic , 7:44 through 9:3 . 
  reminds me of fez !, 
  those are some ... heavy 70-hours-in persona 4 spoilers there . 
  sal manella --  foo oisoning . 
  wow . 
  her ? 
  fact is , he * was * just spoiled . 
  * yeah !, 
  optimism !, 
  a troper , perhaps ? 
  here 's an example of [ a dad joke done correctly . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psyxt9gm0fq ), 
  a marathon has a set of defined rules . 
  if you participate in a race from point a to point b and the only rule is to get there as fast as possible , of course you 'd use shortcuts . 
  not using glitches in a speedrun is boring . 
  it would neither be entertaining to watch nor entertaining to play . 
  i have never watched a no-glitch speedrun , but i imagine it would n't look different from a guy just playing the game very well , while running backwards . 
  that would be impressive , but sort of boring in my opinion . 
  cosmo pulled off really impressive glitches . 
  performing those glitches are part of the fun . 
  him explaining the glitches and telling stories about they just found a new glitch in 2014 is really interesting . 
  there are also tool assisted speedruns , which are there to show the shortest time a game could * theoretically * be beaten . 
  assuming that the show `` game of thrones '' is the same in real life as in the suits universe , there are two people in suits who - to the people in the suits universe - look exactly like two game of thrones characters . 
  it 's like meeting a guy in real life who looks/behaves/sounds like tyrion lannister , but who is n't peter dinklage . 
  it 's called the [ celebrity paradox ] ( http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/main/celebrityparadox ) . 
  it 's my favorite book and i would love seeing reddit talk more about it . 
  yeah !, 
  that 's a timeskip of master swordian proportions !, 
  hahahahaha !, 
  but for * two * games ? 
  i think you may have just given me cancer . 
  was n't that ragyou kiryuuin ? 
  reminds me of the aurora borealis conversation in the simpsons . 
  i played with the keyboard and i did n't really understand what was so hard about that . 
  i mean , do n't get me wrong , it is a really hard game , i died thousands of times . 
  i ca n't really imagine it being much easier with the gamepad , though . 
  it is entirely possible for a normal human being to 100 % this game with a keyboard without getting too frustrated . 
  ( i am still very proud of that and feel like i am allowed to brag . ), 
  aww , it 's missing the best part at the end !, 
  he might even be ... at least bisexual , if not hetero . 
  is that the idol the driver of the dollars car likes so much ? 
  have you read the lns ? 
  is that one policeman who chases celty getting more screentime ? 
  the joke would be completely lost if the title said `` gamers '' . 
  what happened in the gif does n't ever happen to male gamers . 
  i just used it . 
  hahahaha ... seriously , what is with the fucking opals ? 
  as someone who is reading this discussion thread after having watched the final episode of fargo : uuuh , you gon na delete that comment or what ? 
  many other people could do the same thing as me and find an extremely heavy spoiler to a completely unrelated show in here !, 
  with 26 upvotes , no less !,
