  edit : nevermind , i just listened to the music video with sound and this is definitely it . 
  ( i also somehow missed the part with the heart monitor when i watched it . ), 
  thank you very much . 
  but where does tarzan fit into this formula ? 
  the only way to stop him is to cause the death of 6 billion people . 
  remember the scene between ace and snake in the incinerator ? 
  now remember the scene between inga and dhurke in the tomb . 
  if i knew my friend is dying because he is gay for me , at least i fucking kiss him on the lips . 
  would n't you if you could ? 
  and why did n't she cut her bacon-hand off ? 
  you 're a faggot then tbh . 
  you mean a punagram ? 
  because his client is not guilty . 
  uh , where is the j in ryouta 's name ? 
  you 're just trolling . 
  his name is an anagram to makoto naegi da . 
  the point of my joke is ... 
  uh uh i 'm retarded lol, 
  it 's a game that ends with a blond guy pointing a gun . 
  with how lewd soj was , i wonder why that got a t rating . 
  fairly oddparents ? 
  mr. atishon-wimperson , did you really see mr. are ` bal ? 
  ... ... yes !, 
  * walks away *, 
  case 3 is where i started really getting into the khura'in story and just wanted to know what 's gon na happen next . 
  at that point i thought `` oh wow , the cases in this game are really good '' and started realizing that soj could be one of the best ace attorney games . 
   there is no satisfaction in this at all once you present the correct evidence . 
  my favorite evidence presentation in the whole series is the [ 1-4 ] ( #s `` metal detector '' ) . 
  the reason for this is because they do n't tell you what exactly you need . 
  they do n't ask `` what 's the proof that [ 1-4 ] ( #s `` the bullet is still inside of him ? '' '' ), 
  they ask `` what 's the proof that [ 1-4 ] ( #s `` he was shot ? '' '' ) . 
  you have to work out what you even * have * to prove in your head , and then comes the moment when you realize * how * you do it . 
  in the new games , phoenix would have an inner monologue along the lines of : [ 1-4 ] ( #s `` hmm , if he could n't remove the bullet himself and did n't get surgery , then the bullet must still be inside him . 
  but how would we prove something like that at this moment ? '' ), 
  i do n't know exactly what the consult option does because i turned it off before i even started the first case , but soj was still a bit too hand-holdy for me . 
  for instance , apollo outright points out that [ 6-2 ] ( #s `` trucy did n't do the spin in the recording of the magic show '' ) , and then you have to go through the motions and present it yourself even though it was already laid out before you . 
  essentially , there are too many cross examination where phoenix/apollo/athena either points out which piece of evidence needs to be presented or which statement in the testimony was a lie , instead of giving you no information at all . 
  also , kisegawa being a literal prostitute . 
   nayna digievolving into saint, 
  i did n't like this that much because we did n't see it happen . 
  they should have had her let her hair down and change her posture etc. 
  she just sort of suddenly transformed and we did n't see how . 
  she might as well have been marlon rhymes when she came out of that magic orb . 
  she introduces herself as a courtesan . 
  well that 's hardly a good argument , is it . 
  considering what implications ? 
  that she 's gon na pass out during sex and turn into owen ? 
  courtesan . '', 
   9 ( september ), 
  so * that 's * what the 9 in 9/11 stands for !, 
   use / s, 
  people using / s after they make obvious jokes is the worst thing to happen on reddit recently . 
  a joke should end in a punchline , not in a `` just kiddiiiiiing '' disclaimer . 
  and guess what , even if you 're super unsure whether i 'm serious or not , what are you gon na do if i was serious ? 
  call me stupid ? 
  whether it 's invasive or not , it takes away from the joke as soon as you read it . 
  not everyone has to get my jokes . 
  i 'd rather have many people not get my jokes than ruin the joke for everyone . 
   you run the risk of someone calling you out on what they believe to be an imbecilic statement - and then you get into a dumb argument where you try to say that you were just joking , but the other guy does n't believe you , and you both come out of it annoyed and worse off for what should have been a simple punchline . 
  i would n't even respond to someone who says `` i do n't believe you when you say you were joking '' . 
  i do n't even see how this could lead to an argument and i have plenty of dumb internet arguments . 
  if they think i 'm dumb , so what ? 
  they do n't even know who i am and will forget me two minutes later . 
  he did say he was in california . 
  i loved case 4 . 
  `` ah , i see '' , said the blind man pissing against the wind , `` it 's all coming back to me now '' . 
  why the heck would you check the wiki in the first place ? 
  of course you 'll get information that might not have been revealed yet ; dead or not . 
  when only danganronpa 1 existed , nobody even knew if junko lied about the apocalypse or not . 
  the characters even said `` maybe it was all a lie '' at the end . 
  i 'm pretty sure they 're doing this kind of stuff because of hope and shit . 
  nah , people usually say `` hohle phrasen '' here , not some random english word . 
  chiaki did n't sacrifice herself . 
  her dying did n't have any benefits and she did n't want to die . 
  oh wait nevermind you 're right . 
  could this be the comfiest avgn episode ever made ? 
  explain to me how this is the same thing in any way . 
   these people are getting attention by mocking people they claim are just doing something for atrention . 
  the point of the video is to entertain people and it does its job . 
  another point it could have is to make people stop proclaiming that their thoughts and prayers are with victims . 
  what i 'm saying is that the video has value , no matter how you see it . 
   only a small percentage do the thoughts and prayers thing for atrention, 
  then what do the other people on facebook or whatever do it for ? 
  it does n't help anyone , nobody who has anything to do with such catastrophes even * reads * it because the either die or have other shit to do , and thoughts and prayers are something that you can keep to yourself . 
  the only reason you 'd post something like that on your wall is to say `` hey , look at me , i 'm thinking about these people ! '', 
  ... instead of just thinking about those people . 
   and every late night talk show host gives their sympathies ... no one jumps down their throats . 
  i do n't see how making fun of late night talk show hosts would fit into this video about an app . 
  you do n't know if the people who made the video think that it 's also bullshit when talk show hosts do it . 
  uh , source ? 
  are you sure that was n't just two clips cut together as a joke ? 
   junko 's voice is not so great, 
  i think you may just suffer from shit taste . 
  she sounds like a japanese bitch in the original . 
  op 's argument ( more like opinion ) was that emma watson is pretty but a shitty actress . 
  the reply did n't say anything about that . 
  it did n't say `` she is a good actress because you have a terrible personality '' . 
  it said `` you have a terrible personality '' . 
  horse pepsi okay ? 
  hope does n't mean `` everything is awesome '' , it means we 're walking towards a potentially bright future .
