  we are fast unanimous . 
  does en mean one and st\u00e4mmig have something to do with the word for voice ? 
  hold the door xd, 
  everyone can , but it still seriously distracts from 80 % of the screen . 
  it just does . 
  it 's also much more comfortable to just listen and soak it in . 
  wow so you cheated on him, 
  apparently occam 's razor discards a plausible explanation as long as it has more words in it . 
  i found a spoon once, 
  * aanh ... *, 
  as far as i remember , yes , but it 's only some bushes . 
  what are some that did ? 
  what is so hard to get about the explanation ? 
  for eating fsteak . 
  it 's one guy referencing some other thing . 
  `` reddit '' is not one entity . 
  by that logic , anyone making a reference to another person is always meta because it 's `` humanity referencing humanity '' . 
  the definition of meta is in the dictionary and it 's not that . 
  i also love how the teacher , after telling them the nose answer , said with certainty that it was * impossible * that the seven hole thing works . 
  as if nothing with seven holes exists in the world that is smaller than some other hole you can throw it in . 
  oh , really ? 
  * you 're * cold ? 
  i agree with almost everything you say but when people say that ww is way more cartoonish than oot , they do n't mean how real something looks , but things like proportions of characters and humor . 
  no seriously tell me i want to see, 
  i did the same thing . 
  the maze bank logo in front of the office even has sort of a diagonal e logo . 
  i only played the start of the game and thought lucina was from some other fe game . 
  so you just spoiled it to me . 
  i played the first hours of awakening first , and then played smash two years later . 
  so your two arguments are that she has a hinty taunt ( which i 've never seen because i 've never played as or against her ) and that she `` has similarities to marth '' , which is her being a blue haired anime character with a sword , which just * has * to be an intentional similarity . 
  oh , and for some reason , you assume that i 've played smash at all . 
  stop being a person who exclusively watches anime ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  you refuse to play videogames or what ? 
  why ? 
  why not just release order ? 
  i read zero before placing dr2 and it 's not like it spoiled anything . 
  dude weed lmao, 
  what does that even mean, 
  who does polyphemus hate more than odysseus ? 
  who are you playing d&d with ? 
  you 're on reddit !, 
  you do n't need to be the first to think of something !, 
  heil hitler was an austrian, 
  they revoked it when he failed art college , but before that he was an austrrian, 
  they revoked it when he did n't get his annual 16 ects, 
  would n't * anyone * reading the title think `` oh , so she fucking survives . 
  thanks . '', 
  on that note , [ ] ( / s `` it does n't really matter if it 's really true or not . 
  what matters is that for whole duration of the game , they will be in a bad mood thinking they 've been spoiled . '' ), 
  ... cobrastan is not a real country . 
  they would n't know that about her , would they ? 
  and we are talking about dr2 . 
  why are you so aggressive, 
  it is . 
  the delta reveal . 
  how did i allow myself to be tricked like this once again ? 
  my first reaction was : wait ... did i miss something ? 
  maybe he meant to say humorous non-german humor . 
  that must have been freaky . 
  who 's there, 
  death, 
  wtf , what kind of ytps do you watch ? 
  i 've * never * seen a poop use microsoft sam . 
  what 's even the point then ? 
  you ca n't use new material that 's not in the original . 
  that 's not a youtube poop anymore . 
  i meant more like you ca n't `` create '' your own raw material . 
  because they usually have shit taste . 
  i meant more like you ca n't `` create '' your own raw material . 
  more like 2007 !, 
  i knew that brother was old and had timey wimey powers after playing vlr , and since i played sigma , sigma also knew . 
  ( i think alice told him ? ), 
  santa ? 
  it will all have been for nothing . 
  if you want you can repost it there . 
  even if it was just a comic about the timeline of the `` coin-flip-won '' ending ( payoff 1 ) , it could have been a comic about how angry zero was that he set up the killing game for nothing , and then i would have shown zero as well . 
  or there could have been a reference to other spoilers while just showing the payoff 1 ending . 
  either way , seeing the title should make you not want to click the comic because there are a million ways you could get spoiled without it really diverging from the ending you already know . 
   imagine someone who 's partway through the game - already have a few endings , maybe has n't even gotten around to getting d-end 2 yet , and they 're browsing and see a thead titled '' [ ztd spoilers ] question about the first coin flip '' . 
  that user might think `` oh , i already got both outcomes for the coin flip , maybe they 're asking about the result being rigged for the early ending . '', 
  that is so dumb of `` the user '' , though . 
  of course a person who makes assumptions like that gets spoiled . 
  for all they know , the question might be something like `` why did the coin flip at that speed if they are actually on mars '' or something like that . 
  if there is * any * ambiguity , you should not click it at all . 
  also , rule 5 is `` use the word ` spoilers ' in the title if the title itself is a spoiler '' . 
  i used the word spoilers in my title , and nobody should have even read the rest of the title , let alone clicked it and read the content . 
  why do you put zero after 2 ? 
  it was released before 2 , so that 's also the order i read it in . 
  after all , they even quickly summarize zero in chapter six of dr2 . 
  the only important thing that is mentioned that has to do with dr2 is a person named kamikura izuru , whose nature or existence is the only thing left unexplained in zero itself . 
  oh shit , i forgot about that . 
  what did they change into again ? 
  how was he an anomaly in the simulation according to chapter 0 ? 
  the program has access to their memories , so why should n't they be able to insert that one frame of nagito 's memories into hajime 's ? 
  what did he say . 
  edit : or she, 
  subtle . 
  well , in that case you sleep * while being tight * . 
  you do n't sleep in a tight manner , you sleep and you are tight .
