  this summer , i 'm gon na play terraria again . 
  i fished until i got a cell phone two years ago . 
  same with last year . 
  this year , i will get the fishing achievement without really `` grinding '' for it . 
  why ? 
  they * inserted * the tetris theme into the scene in the dub . 
  the guy claimed that he can be a dick about his game . 
  but he did n't make his own game that he can be a dick about . 
  this has nothing to do with what you 're saying . 
  you 're refuting an argument nobody made . 
  regular servers with normal map rotations that you can just join and leave whenever you want are gone . 
  the only way to play `` normally '' is through matchmaking , and all the community servers are either achievement servers , trading servers , or 24/7 one map servers . 
  it 's not pedantic to point out that a comment completely misinterpreted the point of a conversation . 
  unfortunately not !, 
  solved !, 
  reddit upvotes the explanations for jokes higher than the jokes themselves . 
   annoying, 
  really though ? 
  oh come on now . 
  you 're just invalidating people 's opinions . 
  and is n't one character named rem , which is the sound that a car makes ? 
  what 's going on here ? 
  this is just a watch lying somewhere . 
  it 's not even the same watch . 
  its le old bell guy, 
  i would n't say that to her in person because i do n't know her and there 's no context in which it would make sense . 
  however , if i saw a picture like this of a female friend , and she 's sitting next to me , i do n't see what the problem is with saying `` oh , i thought you were topless on this at first !, 
  ... too bad ! '', 
  or something . 
  well , i do n't have * your * woman friends . 
  [ ooooooooooh i am late for the end of school ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uatexvn.png ), 
  episode 10 was around the time i took a long break from it . 
  i kept watching one day and just could n't stop . 
  korbocaust, 
  people actually did this to me with katanagatari . 
  i mean , that anime is * fucking great * , but they showed me a clip and misled me with it . 
  when i realized that i had been had , it made the anime even better . 
  people who have seen it may know what i 'm talking about . 
   to someone who has never watched anime . 
   jojo 's bizarre adventure part 4, 
  what, 
  same for me . 
  the chimera ant arc in hunter x hunter was too slow for me and did n't appeal to me at all , but kaiji was moving even slower and was so much more intense for some reason . 
  his fucking face looks like boingo in the ed . 
  irrelevant seeing as he is n't comparing the video to a real war . 
  it was a really cool moment , but it was sorta easy and boring to actually beat it . 
  i thought he was just saying that op has never been in a war because op is gallowboob and people know gallowboob . 
  i thought you only got notified if someone replies directly to you ? 
  someone posted it two hours after your post , by the way . 
  i 've used it a few times way back when and it just never found any results . 
  i would probably snicker all self-satisfied too , but i certainly would n't say `` that 's how ya do it '' like i actually did something amazing there , not the cop . 
  i would at least think/talk about how amazing the cop was ?!, 
  i would be fucking delighted by how the cop had acted . 
  now i can just hear danny devito saying hoooouuuur, 
  but ... the picture in the op is clearly an intentional star wars reference . 
  it 's not like you two came up with your own joke or anything . 
  uuh , that was dumb . 
  sure . 
  i do n't know if i 'm in the minority here , but this sudden p.chris / emma thing happening out of the blue for absolutely no reason , throwing away everything between p.chris and eva , kinda reminds me of what they did in the last five minutes of how i met your mother when they destroyed everything they built up . 
  i did like isaak giving a blowjob to a bottle , though . 
  ( i 'm only talking about the last 5 minutes here ; the rest of the episode was fun . ), 
   honestly the hardest part about tof are the fucking controls . 
  what is wrong with your fingers ? 
   reddit in charge of being subtle, 
  or maybe not . 
  seeing `` attack on '' , especially with the uppercase a , made me think of this immediately . 
  must 've meant titania . 
  just go with the flow and do anything you feel like doing . 
  please use the general american phonemic transcription when using words like that . 
  all i remember is that it 's in iselda 's shop screen . 
  [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nxc4jwyr.png ) , the text is also a bit too long . 
  it 's the stag station selection screen . 
  sorry that it 's a phone screenshot of a photo of my screen . 
  i think that this is really funny , but only because it has the other two versions of the comic as a setup . 
  i 'm speaking to bardoon , the big gray guy ontop of kingdom 's edge , and there was some weird stuff going on with his first textbox or two . 
  i think there might have been something cut off . 
  edit : lol , compliments to the person who came up with `` talismanie '' as a translation for `` overcharmed '' . 
  damn that kayaba akihiko !, 
  i do n't understand . 
  does the player character speak or not ? 
  the mom responded `` is that so ? '', 
  even though there was no textbox before that , but later , the guy you play as has his own textbox . 
  the guy you sell your stuff to . 
  bahahaha , i love how the original picture already has the solution in it . 
  not that it 's the kind of brainfart i would n't have . 
  thank you very much !, 
  i think he is saying the question existed outside of reddit and rooster teeth before the rooster teeth video . 
  dude it 's a snail . 
  it 's not gon na communicate with you . 
   emphasise and exaggerate, 
  you mean make louder and bigger than it is ??? 
  words 2 big, 
  no , it 's the real deal, 
  same . 
  kind of disappointed about that , really . 
  i also thought the holy mother was ami fey because of how in the civil case one side argued it was the holy mother thingie and the other side said it was an ami fey thingie . 
  welp , just keep in mind that hyper always means `` too much '' and hypo means `` too little '' . 
  like hyperactive means that someone is too active . 
  lol , imagine if the justification for this american teenager was actually `` it 's a jojo reference '' . 
  what 's a bear 's favorite food ?
