  the story has n't made progress , but all of the above things are very important too . 
  and golden can make it a reality . 
  are we sure that danny knows that a superguard is way riskier than a normal guard , though ? 
  time, 
  mirror ? 
   i had the biggest feeling that dan would adore the punis . 
  whoa whoa whoa , i 'm pretty sure dan is all about the vaguna . 
  i think he might only be forgetting them when he has a first strike . 
  ( sometimes he did n't do them mid-fight , but i got the impression he just failed those . ), 
  at least arin reminded him !, 
  let 's hope he does n't forget either if dan did !, 
  finally , in part 6 , we will see ... the thousand-year dooooooor . 
  oooooooooooo . 
  also , some more tutorials . 
  but that will be the last of them !, 
  do you guys think they can make it into chapter 1 in the next part ? 
  thumbnail is the current state of the paper mario franchise . 
  how was it rude ? 
  he said the clip was boring and annoying . 
  how can that offend anyone in the world ? 
  how does this look from the perspective of someone who does n't watch rick and morty ? 
  `` wow , rick and morty is so amazing !!! '', 
  `` i 've never been interested in it . '', 
  `` watch that clip !, 
  it 's great !, 
  such great lines ! '', 
  `` yeeeah , that did n't do it for me . '', 
  `` okay , how about this clip ? 
  this one 's got ta do it . '', 
  `` nah , that one 's boring and annoying . '', 
  `` wow what an asshole ! '', 
  i enjoy it too , but i 'm not an obnoxious fuck about it all over reddit . 
  his dad , played by the voice actor of super mario , charles martinet . 
  i always liked `` my name ? ... ... . 
  fuck you . '', 
  in german they call it a frog sound . 
  that fucking twist . 
  also , punchline in the title ? 
  what do i do when i get connection issues in ranked matches ? 
  the game shows me the red symbol and everyone starts driving in circles , but it does n't throw me out of the match , so i ca n't reconnect . 
  the only button in the menu is `` abandon match '' , and i do n't wan na do that . 
  oh , so closing the game in task manager does n't work ? 
  because reconnecting to my internet takes like 2 minutes . 
  i love the show for those reasons but the way you described it was on point . 
  which one is he ? 
  the one with the lower voice who sounds a bit fat or the one with the `` young '' voice ? 
  there 's also a wind waker episode where they are in the tower of gods and danny asks him if he knows rachel bloom . 
  ( the person who voiced peach and luigi 's ballad , which came out later . ), 
  arin was like , `` of course ! '', 
  and as if danny remembered something , he was like `` oh yeah , duh !, 
  the people in general white 's hometown do tell you where he was last seen , do they not ? 
  the downvotes , not the response . 
  oh , it 's gregory edgeworth . 
  considering it looks like lemons , yes . 
  if you took your time and took 2 hours , then how do you get `` at least 15 '' episodes from that ? 
  thanks , my heart could n't take the title and i came to the comments for this . 
  makes me wonder whether dan actually tries guarding every time , but fails . 
  maybe that 's why he makes those frustrated `` angh '' sounds whenever he gets hit . 
  not because he `` gets hurt '' , but because he did n't get the timing right . 
  you correct that and not the 10 other changes he made ? 
  he did regular-guard somewhere in the episode , though . 
  yeah , it 's more like 99 % . 
   any headcanon voices ? 
  johnny yong bosch, 
  just him, 
  ross just dabbed . 
  it 's a celebratory pose . 
  everyone obviously, 
  does this mean no paper mario today ? 
  oh shit thanks for that sarcasm tag . 
  without it , i would have thought you actually meant that it was completely impossible for your eyes to read . 
  what is it ? 
  my my . 
  this is it . 
  thanks . 
  it 's intentional and the guy above you is just pointing out the joke . 
  live like the wind ; ram her as you fuck, 
  live like the wind ; ram her as you fuck, 
  you 're saying that they just `` show her with a loved one who happens to be a woman '' , which is absolutely true . 
  however , did n't they hype up that one of their characters was gay for like a month ? 
  like it matters ? 
  the mom already knew . 
   at least the way he pronounces it . 
  to be fair , you would also have to turn them into a dog later , and then kidnap their owner , and then compare how they felt at those two points . 
  maybe i 'm too late for this , but here 's a question for mr. geer :, 
  what 's your favorite track from the ost ? 
  mine is the final ascent . 
  yup , but for english voice actors that 's enough of an exception to become a meme , while * all * japanese voice actors always sound the same , regardless of role , because they have to maintain their idol status or recognizability or whatever . 
  des is a maskn du deppata, 
  or they would make a swastika am i right hahhahha, 
  more like swasticker hhahahahhaha, 
  yeah , i did that once , and then they gave me two dlcs that i could n't add to my library because i `` already had them '' . 
  i looked at my dlc list and the two dlcs were actually already there , with slightly different names . 
  so now i just have two extra dlcs . 
  for example : when i bought the complete pack to round out the game , it bought `` civilization v - wonders of the ancient world scenario pack '' , which i could n't install because i already have `` scenario pack - ancient wonders '' . 
  sassy and dumb . 
  nice . 
  to summarize : he 's not . 
  this is a guy talking to his own team . 
  because of pronouns .
