  at least with that one the climax was at the end . 
  you should have ended it with, 
  `` my mother , after hearing the story , told him that she has a friend who had the same thing happen to her . '', 
  haha , something similar once happened to me , i just never had the nerve to mention it !, 
  i literally gave you an upboat , good sir who is also a gentleman as well as a scholar !, 
  the upvotes are the punchline . 
  gross , something i do n't have to experience !, 
  it looked like a power point presentation in some parts . 
  i just hope they 'll fix this for the bd release , since they 're not in a hurry then . 
  do studios even do that ? 
  that last picture was really unexpected since i expected to be able to read it . 
  the chances of that are 1/365 .25 , i 'd assume . 
  arin tried to warp in the first world , but probably did n't know he had to stand still for it to work . 
  he threw it in a lake after jizzing into her shampoo . 
  fat bastard was him too ? 
  l is the reason i prefer the dub . 
  how do you guys know all of this about lenny face spammers ? 
  he said he only watches good tv , not that he watched every good tv show . 
  it 's part of izaya 's theme . 
  maybe in the second season kaneki and his bitch will kiss, 
  * i did n't even know this was here *, 
  oh hi andy , i did n't know it was you !, 
  it reminds me of those lord of the ring cartoons . 
  have you seen the social network ? 
  i had no trouble understanding what he was talking about . 
  `` tell me . 
  you go by scar ; what is your real name ? '', 
  `` my name ?! '', 
  `` fuck you . '', 
  he made a video with that information in it . 
  it 's hardly just his business now . 
   combing the video for details, 
  it 's in the middle of his face for the entirety of the video . 
  i think it 's called a `` nocebo '' when it has a bad effect !, 
  completely pointless post and a huge spoiler . 
  well done . 
  i 'm just hoping you partly decided to upload this because it 's literally a space blanket ? 
  that dr2 is set at the same time as dr1 . 
  i threw `` lol jk '' into the lake . 
  youtube is n't at fault here , is it ? 
  what ? 
  that was my dumb theory going through the game , not what i think right now !, 
  it 's okay . 
  it kinda did sound like a statement or me correcting something you wrote in the op . 
  to elaborate : i started considering this theory when i saw the ruins on island 2 or whatever and thought `` how cool would it be if the characters from the first game are going to open that door from the inside later ? '' . 
  i then thought `` this is only possible if togami somehow turns out to be a different guy from the first game and if komaeda is n't makoto somehow '' . 
  ( i was kinda neutral on the nagito/naegi thing . 
  i noticed every similarity , even the anagram , before playing , and thought that the developers of the game * want * me to think it 's him , so it 's probably not him . 
  i did * not * expect that they had nothing to do with each other . ), 
  by the time the togami thing turned out to be true , i stopped believing the theory anyway because of all the things that pointed against it . 
  ( especially that file you get in the beginning of chapter 4 , i guess . ), 
  i also thought this from some ( spoiler-free ) screenshots i saw of her !, 
  they do look kinda similar , do n't they ?!, 
  all while thinking '' ... but there 's no way they 'll make her return somehow , right ? 
  '' , of course . 
  okay , this one is really weird . 
  so you thought old fuyuhiko is the one who died in chapter 1 ? 
  or did you somehow think that togami faked his death and lost some weight and hair and became a new character who you forgot was in the game before togami 's death without all the other characters wondering why there 's a new guy on the island ? 
  even though that was king bob-omb . 
  what a terrible argument . 
  [ there 's a mad flower guy with a moustache at 4:15 . 
  if you want , you can post it again right here . 
  god damn it . 
  get it together , alekpixi . 
  say goodbye to these . 
  i ca n't decide whether it would be funnier without the text in the last panel or not . 
  i left it open for ten seconds . 
  it was one frame . 
  1/10 = 0.1 fps . 
  leave it open for 1/60 of a second and you 'll have 60 fps !, 
  why is everyone saying that ?!, 
  he saw the flag out of the corner of his eye and when arin got up there , he did n't see it anymore . 
  ( and neither did i. ), 
  why do so many people here , including the guy below you and some guy with dozens of downvotes a few comments up , believe that danny would have * enraged * arin by saying `` but , just turn like two degrees '' , causing him to see it ? 
  it would have been a funny moment !, 
  did they kill your mom or something ? 
  why the pointless hostility ? 
  the creators did n't even know until they shot episode 7 . 
  jesse kills him . 
  do n't you remember he killed a dog for no reason ? 
  you need to construct additional pylons . 
   wa-hey, 
  * mmmmmmmmh . 
  was n't there something about skyler 's reflection in a microwave ? 
  i 'm trying to remember where vince talked about it . 
  yup , i thought `` how does he know when they 'll come ? '', 
  and then i remembered the howling from 6 episodes ago . 
  how does having context change anything ? 
  if it saves even a hundredth of a second , there 's no reason not to do it in a speedrun . 
  jumping through that ceiling is n't exactly something that you can fail to do easily . 
  just like the english language . 
  how is that an uncommon name ? 
  it 's almost as if he was joking !, 
  it 's a simpsons reference . 
  look up `` bort licence plates '' . 
  well i do know that it 's my son 's name , for one . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ it 's ^ ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ ^ simpsons ^ ^ ^ ^ reference . 
  oops . 
  you 'd have to pirate the non-existing episodes for them to be on netflix . 
  it 's listed on the page as an antonym , so yes !,
