  in the owl temple , there 's a pond in the lower right on that screen . 
  it has a hidden opening on the right . 
  ( make sure you 're not carrying anyone . ), 
  the other coin is somewhere in an area in stratos that has dandelion-looking white flowers flying around . 
   gameplay is tight , controls are smooth , and new elements are introduced at a good rate . 
  well , you can pull off some fun and interesting combos , but the game kind of ends before you can use them . 
  i have already been in the secret place you can go to after getting the discs , but to me that raised even more questions !, 
  yeah , what 's your theory on that ? 
  specifically , the fact that he foresaw those two contradictory things . 
  probably asio 's father or something ? 
  i do n't remember the kind of stuff he said early in the game , but did n't asio seem to know the truth about why the islands float ? 
  or was that the professor ? 
  except he would have avoided it until op spoiled it carelessly . 
  is n't that just the place the first artifact was in ? 
  i bet you feel like a real piece of shit right now lol, 
  maybe otus is confused about the significance of the textbox saying '' ??? '', 
  and that 's why he thinks that . 
  the room is on the right side of twig 's village , i think . 
  one golden disk sanctuary is on the right of tropos , the other two in stratos . 
  the ones in stratos are pretty close to each other . 
  there 's an area where you go to the deadly white flowers that are flying around if you go left . 
  there 's a sanctuary there . 
  opposite of that , if you go to the right , there is a waterfall that you can only go through if you have twig . 
  there 's another sanctuary there . 
  you 're probably missing that one . 
  on the third point about the cloak : git gud, 
  ah , good job !, 
  this is news to me !, 
  i like how you connected your findings to the broken messages , as that was something i was very interested in . 
  maybe you 're thinking of the wrong waterfall ? 
  the path leading to that waterfall are should be on the right of the screen and it has a sign before it . 
  you might have gotten all the money as soon as you went through the last hoop . 
  it 's broken for everyone . 
  where else would you put it ? 
  it shows that advent is destroyed without actually making it an accessible area . 
  i was under the impression that the owl temple is the closest place to advent . 
  you just looped back to the joke we came from in the first place !, 
  the power to mind hack . 
  what the fuck is a sombra, 
  your words are as empty as your soul !, 
  one person gets it . 
  i 'm on your side and i 'm all for car analogies but weeaboo refers to watching shows and not cars . 
  so no , it 's not like saying that . 
  that just looks like a place where the legs start . 
  or the enemies score and your teammate does the same thing again . 
  nobody said they wanted it to be * that * hard . 
  yeah , but it still needs more fuel to drive away from a standing position than it needs to roll at a high speed in fifth gear for most of the drive . 
  i need the entry permit a-38 . 
  whoops , in german the word for `` opponent '' and `` enemy '' is the same . 
  and one day somebody will see that you got 10 achievements at once and think that you cheated . 
   but still ... 
  here 's how to spot someone who ran out of counter arguments . 
  thank god for that fucking sarcasm tag . 
  really ? 
  i thought it was * sooooooo * needed . 
  just to clarify : i was being sarcastic . 
  yeah , it 's * totally * impossible to get it across in text through inflection . 
  can somebody give me a link to or name of the sound that rod makes at 13 seconds ? 
  the one that sounds like he 's a cartoon character seeing a hot lady . 
  at least it 's not fucking bruges . 
  what are you saying ? 
  he said he likes to believe it because the alternative is scarier . 
  you 're stating he is wrong like it 's a fact . 
  why ? 
  i have nothing to hide or be ashamed of . 
  again you are saying they are delusional , implying that they are objectively wrong . 
  also , what 's this guy going to do if he stops being `` delusional '' ? 
  yeah but what about voldemort though , hm ? 
  someone giving me an original compliment . 
  saying `` you 're smart '' may be nice , but you ca n't know if they mean it . 
  however , something like `` you have a pretty voice '' is something you do n't hear a lot and it just melts my heart . 
  source code :, 
  bittersweet , and way more fitting . 
   you need to be 18 or older to view this board . 
  hahaha he did n't even write down his reddit karma ? 
  you ca n't just fucking hint at that and then not tell the story . 
  primer . 
  an extremely entertaining show to watch with friends . 
   the armor of the pigeon 's armor . 
  where in the hell do you get your sense of humor ? 
  germany ? 
  yeah , right ? 
  i 'm really confused . 
  maybe he thought the entire trip was downhill , and that you did n't need two cars ? 
  stereotypes never fail !, 
  what . 
  should n't it be downmountain ? 
  but the husband said hello and then there was a pause . 
  he asked in the pause . 
  how ** dare ** you assume someone 's gender ? 
  probably because it does n't make sense . 
  yeah but how else is he supposed to make sure that people know that he gets it ? 
  i thought that was the point . 
  i thought he said thick . 
  `` ads are okay when the software is free ! '', 
  `` but it is n't free . '', 
  `` i stole it , so it is ! '', 
  gravel swimsuit, 
  i was stuck in the same way once . 
  go back to the first choice with the three way vote ( where every team votes for the team that should die ) and make sure you have picked every choice as everyone .
