  he 's saying that the guy , with his sarcastic thank you , was complaining/making fun of the fact that he used a spoiler tag . 
  what ? 
  that 's just an old joke that has been around before reddit . 
  i always thought this was weird because the time travel in this game does n't work like that outside of this case . 
  he is wrong though . 
  there are magic pots , just like the goron race always had magic pots . 
  he said gold , not fucking purgatory . 
  the only way to rank up , for me at least , was to just not play until i lose my rank , then play two matches and get a much better rank . 
  if any one of the orange cars had hit it , it would n't have gone in . 
  durarara !!, 
  had a scene like that . 
  three bitchy girls yell at anri and call her dirty words or whatever , when suddenly a long haired figure ( the slasher ) with red eyes appears from behind and creepy music starts playing . 
  edit : actually , this must have been at least 2010 , though . 
  edit 2 : it 's in episode 13 , about 21 minutes in . 
  i do n't think it 's what your looking for , but it fits apart from the numbers . 
  i thought irregardless was n't even a word ? 
  your vlr experience will be waaaay better if you have played 999 first . 
  some of the best , memorable moments rely on that . 
  i would say go back and play 999 . 
  it 's much shorter anyway . 
  edit : please op do n't tell me you 're off playing vlr somewhere right now because that first guy who responded is the only person who told you to keep playing . 
  what 's your beef with rats ? 
  when you found out that the escape codes are locked to their timelines . 
  and the zero twist !, 
  can you give me an example sentence in which this works ? 
  * must of, 
  oooh , i did n't know it could be an adjective too . 
  to prevent him from misusing it in the future , though ? 
  he lost 4-3 , not 7-1 . 
  in that case , he would have wondered why there were two articles in a row : `` an a literate person '', 
  he could save himself with this . 
  like `` you can read , so why are you so bad at spelling ? '' . 
  that does n't get him out of being an asshole , though . 
  too late . 
  the first two or three people who upvoted the guy made all the people who followed think that he is telling the truth . 
  yeah , right ? 
  that made me wan na watch the show . 
  if it was the comic dub , it contains spoilers for stuff that happens way later . 
  that 's not even the same symbol . 
  is that a beta ? 
  huffing paint, 
  he has not had his coffee for the day !, 
  just because a lot of people had problems with them does n't mean * most * people had problems with them . 
  on the other hand , there are people criticizing * the witness * for having no music , and they criticize semi-visual novels like * ghost trick * for having too much reading . 
  it certainly also should be about what it tries to be . 
  explain . 
  are you saying he was dumb enough to confess ? 
  so far it sounds like you are using moon logic . 
  okay , good . 
  until now it sounded like you took the fact that he was dumb enough to do it as evidence that he * did it * . 
  how did the revolution work out ? 
  has there been a coup yet ? 
  * this * is what this subreddit should have more of . 
  yes , and fewer misleading * pictures * which there are too many of . 
  sounds like a form of the prisoner 's dilemma . 
  woolsworth constant , i think . 
  wow , this episode 's title is really creative !, 
  loving it !, 
  who came up with this work of art ? 
  looking forward to `` part 85 : paper mario '' . 
  although ... i think you might have gotten wooshed . 
  you can never know on the internet . 
  i liked the characters and the atmosphere . 
   it 's anime but, 
  what ? 
  the subtitles i use for that show really ca n't decide on the lyrics of that song . 
  i feel like they say something different every few episodes . 
  i thought it got worse and worse and finally was unwatchable after the first chapter . 
  yeah , the spoiling thing ruined it for me . 
  that only started at the end of chapter 1 , which is when i stopped watching . 
  i skipped to a random time in the newest episode and the first thing i saw was `` so ... you have to run from these guys '' , instantly , as the fight began . 
  just no . 
  i certainly do n't understand how chapter 2 or 3 can be seen as better than chapter 1 . 
  i 'm saying that as a person who has n't watched it yet , so i 'd actually like to know . 
  i 'm not talking about the chapters themselves ; i know those are good . 
  i 'm just talking about their playthrough of it . 
  yes !, 
  i noticed that too how subtitles sometimes say more than is being said . 
  most of the time , it 's a redundant sentence that would fit in the scene but is n't really needed if you look at the screen . 
  i love the outtakes from that scene . 
  oh man , i did n't know that [ getting karma could be this easy !, 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/5xcaf3/my_new_cat_only_sleeps_on_my_head_meet_newt/deh26to/ ), 
  not really complaining , i 'm just making this comment to point out that the font and the wording are different in those to gifs for some reason . 
  why is that ? 
  please stop this meme . 
  kaiki is obviously a man because he has a penis and i 've seen the penis and the penis looked at me, 
  this is from jojo 's bizzare adventure : diamond is unbreakable . 
  ( episode 21 ), 
  no spoilers please !, 
  i 'm watching it right now and having a blast !, 
  this is from jojo 's bizzare adventure : diamond is unbreakable . 
  ( episode 21 ), 
  no spoilers please !, 
  i 'm watching it right now and having a blast !, 
  is there more to this than replacing `` perp '' with `` poop '' ? 
  i do n't think you need an elaborate and intentional set-up for that . 
  there are many words with a p in the beginning . 
  i do n't think he 's talking about europe when he 's talking about standards . 
  can `` europe '' as the continent have a standard like that ? 
  i thought it would be the eu in case they 'd do something like that .
