  what 's hitler 's favorite sweet ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ( works ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ better ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ in ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ german ), 
  what kind of reaction is that ? 
  your comment looks extremely over the top sarcastic . 
  i do n't really get how that analogy works . 
   that stuff was real to them , they really felt it . 
  ** that 's not erased . 
  ** and the reason the remnants are back to their normal selves ? 
  the events from dr2 , the bond they created , their experiences and suffering . 
  they literally said that it * would be erased * . 
  nobody should have had any memory of what happened inside the program . 
  please explain this to me . 
  in what way did it happen if nobody remembers it ? 
  the only thing that changed is that ten of them died , but not even that was the case . 
  they did feel everything while it was going on , but in the end , it did n't matter because nobody remembered it . 
  maybe you and i were best friends or lovers in a past life . 
  how much does that matter to you at this point ? 
  i ca n't explain that . 
  which is why this was an ass-pull . 
  you destroyed a present because you did n't want a car to be alone ? 
  may5ifth said `` if only you got a pigeon topper as a drop '' , meaning that in the end of the . webm , it would have been funny if we saw op get a pigeon topper . 
  i_have_3_legs misunderstood it as `` if only it was possible to get the pigeon topper as a drop '' , as opposed to just from crates or something . 
  it 's on netflix only in certain countries and not everyone has a netflix account . 
  somehow ? 
  is n't hitting rock bottom something you would n't really do during a normal playthrough except to specifically get that achievement ? 
  i had to go down to the very very bottom edge of the map , where you literally ca n't go further down . 
  goodbye . 
  goodbye . 
  firing in spurts somewhere . 
  you do . 
  what . 
  also , is he saying he 's in the top 1000 reading comprehension-wise ? 
  he 's just saying that he 's in the top 1000 of reading a lot . 
  might just be a different thing he 's bragging about . 
  what is syndicated tv ? 
  that reminds me . 
  i once wanted to rewatch the entire episode where homer was a teacher just for the scene where he says a relationship is like an orange , but then that scene was not in the episode . 
  why did you divorce him ? 
  ( i 'm dating him currently ), 
  was the sarcasm tag really needed if you were already using quotes ? 
  ( or even if you were n't ), 
  i think you lose random items in your inventory . 
  also i do n't think everyone has a return scepter . 
  wow , more proof that germans have no sense of humor . 
  time is n't a countable word . 
  seconds and hours are . 
  distance is n't a countable word . 
  meters and miles are . 
  clean your bedsheets ? 
  i swear there was something about not doing that in a third thread . 
  interesting how she was able to write normal looking letters but could n't write full words !, 
  what 's next ? 
  the lake monster is just the steel samurai in disguise ? 
  get the fan translation and play it . 
  it 's widely regarded as one of the best ace attorney games , maybe the best . 
   some less than subtle homosexual tones , traps, 
  do n't worry , those were in the book too . 
  how do we know it 's him ? 
  i found it funny . 
  wait , so she tells him the year in which he fell into a coma , and it 's implied he already knows the current year ? 
  what kind of backwards-ass shit is that ? 
  what happened here ? 
  why is he downvoted and why are you insulting him ? 
  it 's like that time they rolled for persona 5 to be a good game :, 
  you make it sound like the entire match is just simply the means that you have to put up with to reach the goal of `` winning '' . 
  it 's not . 
  the match itself is what you play for . 
  not the gratification of winning a match . 
  if there 's one more minute on the clock , then there 's one more minute to * play * . 
  and i put play in italics to stress that it 's a game that you play for fun . 
  your wording `` they are dragging it out '' makes it sound like you do n't even wan na play the match that ** you joined ** . 
  if you are losing really hard , try to get something out of the game . 
  try to learn how to defend against their skillful attacks . 
  if your teammates suck , make a challenge out of compensating for them . 
  i do n't know , just try to have fun with it . 
  a game is supposed to be fun . 
  more playing means more fun . 
  if somebody `` drags out '' your game , it 's supposed to mean `` more fun '' , not `` a waste of my time '' . 
  no , it 's still about the game itself , but people try harder and leave less . 
  why would anyone spend so many minutes of playing for a few occasional moments of winning ? 
  by that logic , he should n't be complaining about people not forfeiting . 
  either way , he 's in the wrong . 
  i always denied him until one day he actually had legitimate papers . 
  i 'm pretty sure you can let him through without a warning at some point . 
  did you write that comment not understanding what the big advantage of laptops is as opposed to desktop computers ? 
  i 've never played sticker star because of all the points you listed , and i think another frustrating point you did n't mention is the fact that bosses are always beaten in one hit with a specific special sticker you get at some point before the boss . 
  if you do n't use the one-hit-kill sticker and try to beat the boss without it because you want a challenge , the game makes fun of you for it . 
  thank god you put that there or else i never would 've known !, 
  oh please , you did * not * go through that thought process . 
  did you find them ? 
  where do you put the emblems ? 
  i 'm missing one sanctuary right now . 
  i got the one on the right of tropos that has a screen with a spiky thing going in a circle right before it , and i got the one near those deadly white flowers very close to where you get one of the coins . 
  is the one you mean a seperate one from those or are you talking about the first one i mentioned ? 
  if the latter , where did you find the others ? 
  where are the three sanctuaries ? 
  thanks a bunch !, 
  wait what, 
  where was it ? 
  edit : oh , it 's in the left wall of the purple room .
