  and also , how do you stage someone 's death like that ? 
  how do you prevent the stude n't from * actually * killing each other . 
  are the 9 people who already died in on it ?!, 
  that theory makes no sense . 
  you call that lack of expression ? 
  when someone writes `` i wonder '' , it does n't mean they actually want to be told what happens on reddit . 
  also , spoiler tags do n't show up in your inbox , i think . 
  that last scene of the season was amazing too . 
  i just laughed like a maniac because i really did n't know what the fuck is going on . 
  we are the magius . 
  wait , what ? 
  you were on the side of the nazis ? 
  yes , but at least it would n't have made a bigger difference if he had just died in the explosion without walking out and adjusting his tie . 
  if hank survives a few more episodes because they could n't hit him ( if they even tried ) , then that 's just stupid . 
  ( unless someone give me a good reason these trained assassins are n't good with guns . ), 
  i 'm sorry , what ? 
  how is seeing this as fucked up something you would n't expect from people ? 
  i mean , all you have to do is follow the damn train . 
  i love how that whole first sentence just screams `` i am a dick '' . 
  and `` opened the post to complain '' sounds so negative too . 
  ( does n't * mean * he 's a dick , but it 's like opening a story with `` so i was burning down orphanages ... '' ), 
  what was her name again ? 
  carconte ? 
  that name in which bertuccio was watching them through the wall was eerie . 
  i read the unabridged version and ... what ? 
  i know there are lesbians in the book but there 's no sex scene . 
  come on now , nobody said that . 
  i have n't watched the movie , but while the movie can be good or even great on its own , it 's probably not a worthy adaption with its two and a half hours . 
  just curious , have you read the ( unabridged ) book ? 
  thomas wagner , man !, 
  does n't it take a day to kick in ? 
  vince gilligan has done it again !, 
  it 's stones marie, 
  edit : thanks for the gold !, 
  they wake sleeping farmers if you ever want to break into a castle . 
  yeah , he played a very big role in the anime . 
  [ monte christo book spoilers ] ( / s `` in the book , franz does n't even really appear for a while after he and albert were in rome ( or luna in the anime ) and as soon as he comes back , he goes to the villeforts to marry valentine . 
  noirtier then prevents that from happening by telling him that he killed franz 's father years ago . 
  franz runs off and kinda disappears again . '' ), 
  could you explain this to me ? 
  i have never watched dexter . 
  what 's with all the ghosts ? 
  i so hope this is n't a spoiler for the second game . 
  i mean the picture he linked with the word `` hope '' . 
  that looks like a spoiler . 
  so ... is it a spoiler or not ? 
  okay , thanks . 
  my soul is at peace . 
  jesus christ marie it 's stones, 
  i really do n't understand your complaint here . 
  you realize that there are clues , but you still think it 's a stretch !? 
  in what way ? 
  the mastermind is a person that they have never met . 
  oh no , how absurd . 
  no , they thought they had met her , but they had n't . 
  edit : oh wait , they kinda met her . 
  yeah . 
  they met her but then forgot and then thought they met her before realizing they had n't met her . 
  and then they figure out that they actually had met her . 
  by not having watched it . 
  i love how you think there 's a difference if it 's older . 
  he did n't even use tags . 
  it 's never completely acceptable . 
  just use a spoiler tag . 
  it 's not like it 's a lot of work . 
  penny : `` what are you doing ? '', 
  sheldon : `` playing mario on a badly coded nintendo 64 emulator . '', 
  audience : `` hahahahahahuauhashausdhuad !! '', 
  also an actual dialogue . 
  it does n't even make sense . 
  why is it badly coded ?!, 
  the first thing that comes up when you google `` n64 emulator '' is a bunch of good emulators . 
  they all run mario 64 perfectly . 
  you thought s2 was n't good but you think valvrave is good ? 
  that 's interesting . 
  i watch valvrave because `` it 's so bad it 's good '' . 
  you still did n't give me a reason as to why age makes a difference . 
  guess what . 
  i watched fight club like a year ago . 
  if i had gotten spoiled , it would n't have been my fault . 
  i 'm young . 
  many people are young . 
  they do n't watch shows or movies like that until they are older . 
  and the guy above just got spoiled in a major way . 
  i do n't think having to use spoiler tags is worse than having a good show spoiled . 
  that happens ? 
  anyway , i just always tag spoilers to be on the safe side . 
  i even try to be subtle within the tags in case a tired person hovers over it . 
  i do n't think they had the same measurements . 
  if they did , then the argument `` the corpse has ikusaba mukuro 's measurements , so she is mukuro '' is invalid . 
  it 's much more immersive if you actually play the game , hear the music and the sounds , and lay in bed . 
  ( or take a dump . ), 
  fuck you gretchen, 
  what was the monologue in salud ? 
  let 's not exaggerate . 
  what about the flash forwards ? 
  those ... * eyebrows * ... 
  ... yes , but they predicted it before it was revealed . 
  that 's what a prediction is . 
  how was that glaringly obvious ?
