  i do n't even know how i can emphasize how obvious the sarcasm was . 
  people like you are the reason that dumb sarcasm tag trend has started . 
  dampens the humor on any comment . 
  what does the f stand for ? 
  ca n't come up with your own sentences ? 
  commenting so i watch it at home, 
  problem is i never look at any of those . 
  i always thought the titans sang the first part of the op . 
  lol, 
  what did he say ? 
  you know what 's great about grumps fans ? 
  first they complain about them being slow , then they complain about them using a guide , and now they 're complaining about them complaining about both !, 
  in that case , i really wish dan would n't want that . 
  the rest of the video . 
  before the screenshot i did n't know who wrote it . 
  oh my god , it is . 
  did durarara get a good ending ? 
  what exactly are you complaining about , though ? 
  the cops are n't doing anything wrong because they have a good reason to drive too fast . 
  you did n't . 
  by that logic , i can say `` if it meant what you thinks it means , it would say ` stop , then right on red ' '' . 
  the problem is n't that it 's a gramatically ambiguous sentence . 
  it ca n't be misunderstood if you have time to think about it . 
  however , the sign should list the things you have to do in chronological order . 
  it talks about turning right on red first , and then it talks about stopping . 
  yes . 
  i prefer void mayonnaise . 
  how ? 
  are you saying the people who did n't get it at first are lying or that they are just reading comics wrong ? 
  you ca n't just slap the word `` respectfully '' in there and not elaborate in any way . 
  yeah , maybe make those two panels in the third row into four panels . 
  one where he attacks him , one where you see him getting unplugged , one where he is shut off and not saying anything , and then the one where he says `` what do you think ? '' . 
  i dunno if that 's the optimal solution , but it seems much better . 
  wow , what a great discussion !, 
  all you both did is show that two opinions can exist on a matter and then circlejerk about how great you are !, 
  `` i disagree with the video for reasons i wo n't explain , but look !, 
  i can still admit that it 's funny ! '', 
  `` wow , my good chap , i respectfully disagree with you in a respectfully respective manner . 
  however , i do not think that makes me superior ! '', 
  this forced , shallow positivity needs to stop . 
  these are such cookie cutter comments that can apply to anything in the world , and nobody walked away from this exchange smarter than before . 
  if you wan na be nice , just be nice . 
  do n't use `` nice seeming words '' in your comment to make your comment nice . 
  i love how someone links / r/wholesomememes down below . 
  it 's a completely apt comparison , because the comment section of that subreddit is full of fake positivity . 
  one time , i read a comment saying something like `` i 'm sure you 're gon na make it because you 're just that great !, 
  like , how the hell would you even know that ? 
  wan na elaborate on why you disagree with each other , maybe ? 
  so we have an actual meaningful conversation going on here ? 
  ps : kill yourselves, 
  same comment chain every time somebody disagrees with something without being an asshole . 
  `` hmm , i diagree and will offer no explanation . '', 
  `` well , i disagree with you but will not offer any explanation either ! '', 
  `` damn you and your niceness !, 
  we ca n't have that on my reddit !!, 
  upboats to the left for this wholesome comment chain !, 
  more like absolutely useless comments that do n't add anything to the discussion and have the same impact as an upvote . 
  oh , i should have thrown the word `` respectfully '' and `` good sir '' into my comment so it would come across as nice to people who do n't care about the actual meaning of comments . 
  whoa , settle down , okay ? 
  strawman argument, 
  stop attacking me . 
  haikyuu but yeah . 
  did you actually mean australia or did you misread `` austria '' ? 
  did you also buy that bundle ? 
  trolling is an art . 
  then it 's not free to play . 
  more like it has a 3 day trial period . 
  i legitimately thought you meant the fact that you have such a nice lake for fishing next to your spawn . 
  i like fishing in this game . 
  bean stalk, 
  did you know they invented the ad and bc system after the birth of christ ? 
  real pictures can be purposely misleading and fake pictures can be legitimate submissions on this subreddit . 
  the example for a purposely misleading submission in the sidebar is `` real '' as well . 
  this picture is purposely misleading , and ( most likely ) fake on top of it . 
  this was n't just coincidence or a lucky shot . 
  it is actually the work of a ghost . 
  make fun of yourself for not hearing it . 
  everyone has been in that situation before . 
  what is your comment supposed to mean ? 
  not sure if trolling ? 
  why ? 
  punchline in title , basically, 
  satire ??? 
  impossible !, 
  it does n't have the mandatory / s tag !, 
  be sure to inspect every alcove . 
  do you use this word ? 
  alcove ? 
  `` no citizen has a right to be an amateur in the matter of physical training ... what a disgrace it is for a man to grow old without ever seeing the beauty and strength of which his body is capable . '', 
  this seems really familiar . 
  it 's definitely not bojack horseman . 
  sounds like andrew dobson . 
  does make it less talented , though , does n't it . 
  reading that , i am imagining goofy screaming . 
  that sounds like something they used in the harry potter movies . 
  not sure if you mean it , but it does sort of sound like it and it is a famous movie villain theme . 
  i 'm sure there 's a better example in the ost somewhere , but this is what i found :, 
  oh , and : spoilers for everyone who has n't seen the first harry potter movie yet . 
  you 're lucky !, 
  i only knew that because i watched the first two movies like three days ago for the first time in years .
