  he could have just escaped with tham . 
  but no , that 's not where it went . 
  when he said , `` look at these satellite pictures , you ca n't really see what happens at the end '' , i thought that sakamochi is just going to tell the world that kawada commited suicide after killing them or something . 
  turns out there really was a plan !, 
  i completely forgot that there was a hacker in the beginning of the book who was n't confirmed to be shinji . 
  they manage to kill everyone on the ship - which could work , since there were only like four soldiers on the ship who did n't have their guards up - and escaped in the end , without kawada . 
  they are then forced to live on the run for the rest of their lives , i guess . 
  good thing they had a complicated and well thought out escape plan . 
  this way , instead of only one guy , * two * people were able to survive !, 
  now here 's my question to anyone who read the book : ** which ending would you have liked more ? 
  ** kawada being an asshole and winning ? 
  ( he would have absolutely deserved that victory for his performance . ), 
  or the ending as it is now ? 
  i am not sure about it myself . 
  kawada betraying them shocked me , but the betrayal itself being a performance shocked me as well . 
  so there were two shocks !, 
  maybe it would have been cool for the book to have a negative ending like that , but the way it actually ended was good as well . 
  after all , you could say that there must be a reason why the book is about * that * program in particular . 
  i mean , what makes it so special is the fact that it was the first game in which anyone actually manages to escape , which is sort of a message to the world in itself . 
  you * can * trust others and earn your happy ending !, 
  anyway , what did you think about it ? 
  like , the fullscreen pictures . 
  especially from danganronpa 2 !, 
  for example , the picture of the girls in swimsuits . 
  ( that 's just the first example that came to mind , i am not asking just for that !! ), 
  edit : i mean ** online ** . 
  i do n't like coffee . 
  there 's a scene where jontron is reacting to something he ( probably ) finds scary so he 's just like `` aaaauuaggh '' `` yooooauugh '' `` yoooodeloooheee '' . 
  so basically he 's kinda yelling and then it turns into yodeling . 
  and he 's sort of smiling at the end . 
  help . 
  it 's a sonic boom episode ( and i think a sidescrolling part near the beginning ) and arin says something like `` sonic , with all your favorite characters : amy '' . 
  none . 
  you could use a gun , a blunt object , etc. 
  so i 've watched steins ; gate about three times and i 've played the first few hours of the visual novel so far too . 
  there is something concerning okabe and daru that i 've never understood , though . 
  whenever okabe refers to daru ( example : the middle of episode one ) , he calls him * supaah hacka , hashida itaru * . 
  then daru corrects him , telling him it 's `` hacker '' , not `` hacka '' . 
  okay , that is correct . 
  but that 's just what the subtitles and the textboxes in the vn say . 
  what is daru 's voice actor saying ? 
  to me , he 's pronouncing `` hacka '' just like `` hacker '' . 
  what is different ?!, 
  he 's just saying hacka !, 
  am i missing something ?!, 
  help me with this !, 
  i love steins ; gate but i ca n't sleeo because of this . 
  i remember a few weeks ago , i finished the fourth heist ( the one with trevor ) and unlocked the `` replay all heists '' - board , where i was also able to choose the final heist , the pacific standard job . 
  however , i started the game today and even though the textbox in the upper left tells me that i can now replay all heists when i start online , there is nothing in the heist room . 
  the board is completely blank , and i ca n't `` cancel the heist '' or anything . 
  what do i do ? 
  nobody else in my regular crew has the last heist unlocked . 
  [ removed ], 
  i 'm looking for a good playthrough of danganronpa 2 for a friend , but the only ones i find are either dubbed , commentated or bad audio/video quality . 
  are there any playthroughs of the official psvita release with english subs but japanese voices ? 
  i know it must be from wind waker . 
  i just want to pin point the moment i learned this beautiful term that i have overused ever since . 
  whenever i see a waxing gibbous , whether it 's in a game , or in real life , i celebrate it with all my heart . 
  this is my first time ascending and even using dragon flights ( version 1.907 ) and i am getting wombo combos with cookie production * 7 and dragon flights stacking all the time . 
  like , i got it twice in a row , then i did n't get it for the next 3 or 4 cookies , and then i got it again , and then again , and it just seems like i am getting way too many dragon flights . 
  is this on purpose ? 
  i thought they were nerfed or something ? 
  or am i just lucky ? 
  i have proof for this . 
  munakata sounds like monokuma, 
  one of his eye is not a normal round eye ( thanks / u/zalzagog for this incredible find ), 
  i 'm reposting this from somewhere else because these questions just need to be answered and are bugging me . 
  first of all : there are two bonnies . 
  that 's a cool twist , i guess . 
  but how do we know there are two bonnies ? 
  mentioned that trucy had to move the stage lift under the stage and acted all smug about it . 
  this is somehow something she could n't have known without seeing it ? 
  the prosecutor even says `` maybe trucy told her and then forgot '' ( but i forgot what apollo then says as a counter argument . 
  probably something dumb . ) . 
  or how about this : what if bonnie is able to use basic logic ? 
  maybe bonnie saw how the stage lifts were arranged at any time before the show and therefore could logically deduce that you would have to move the stage lift that was already up to use the other stage lift instead ? 
  how is this something she absolutely had to see exactly as it was happening ? 
  second of all : the whole `` retinz is mistree '' thing . 
  so ... we know that retinz does n't like trucy . 
  we can also assume he is a magician and that 's their connection . 
  fair enough . 
  but this grudge can somehow only be explained through `` he hates trucy . 
  he hates all gramaryes . 
  he is that green dude . 
  even though he died . 
  well , that just has to mean the green dude did n't die . '', 
  like , holy crap , apollo !, 
  way to explain something in the most ridiculous and most overcomplicated way . 
  i know that there 's also the scar thing , but apollo only brings that up afterwards and it is n't what brought him to the conclusion in the first place . 
  also , as some people have mentioned : why stab the coffin in the first place ? 
  what was the original show supposed to be ? 
  if mistree was supposed to emerge from the coffin , then why did the explicitly say that he was supposed to come out of the backstage coffin ? 
  but what did trucy try to proudly present to the audience then ? 
  it must have been a person that we are impressed about not getting impaled from the sword , since that should have been the impressive part of the sword switcheroo , so who is really left to come out of the coffin ? 
  betty ? 
  they did not explain this at all !, 
  this was a long time ago , maybe 13 years ago or something . 
  i remember nothing about the music itself , but the music video itself was a black and white cartoon where only blood was red . 
  the characters in the video looked sort of cute too , and i think someone dies at the end of it . 
  there has to be a reason for blood to be in the video and i also vaguely remember a heart monitor going * beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep * .
