  as someone who also started 6 weeks ago and is at about 5400 gc clicks and 62 nonillion cooked all time , i click every golden cookie that pops up ( thanks to the chime ) whenever i 'm doing something on my computer that lets me easily tab over and click it . 
  ( something like watching a video or browsing reddit . ), 
  it 's funny to even call this `` active '' but it 's as active as you can get in cookie clicker unless you plan on constantly clicking the cookie , even though you just spend one second of your life on it every two minutes for a few hours a day . 
  ( let 's say 3-4 hours for me ? ), 
  interesting how he has this much with 11 ascensions . 
  i got 15 ascensions so far and only ascend whenever i would double my number of heavenly chips . 
  ( i play vanilla though , so maybe that 's why . 
  not sure what his add-ons do . ), 
   hope that you can get the fabled frenzy + dragonflight/clicking frenzy double gc combo . 
  this is one of my unrealistic dreams in life . 
  how likely is this magical combination ? 
  how many gc clicks do you have ? 
   his statement does n't exclude the present . 
  but it * includes * the past , which is wrong . 
  that is usually what titles are . 
  is he like vaas in real life ? 
  but how, 
  i thought i heard josuke scream but it was just the rain . 
  why would someone take [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3vrhejlpee ) video and just put it on an ibn screen ... badly ? 
   she mocked the tv shows i was watching , which are completely normal and generic ( walking dead , south park etc ), 
  `` my son is a fucking normie '', 
  he looks more like an emu, 
  wait !, 
  that has medicine in it ? 
  i thought you just sorta ... 
  blew air into your mouth . 
  huh . 
  i never really put thought into that . 
  which is why it does n't belong in this subreddit . 
  i would not recommend that at all . 
  if you use hiveblood , the palace just becomes a waiting exercise and you 'll never have the rewarding feeling of taking little to no damage in a part that you thought was really hard before . 
  i think you misunderstood me . 
  it was hard for me too , which is why it was great getting through some spots without taking damage * after having done them already and having died at a later spot * . 
  you try something , it 's super hard , you fail . 
  you try something again , you make it , try the next thing , you die . 
  then , maybe on the third try , you can do the first part you died on earlier effortlessly . 
  and that feels good . 
  using hiveblood means that you will never actually be good at the white palace . 
  when you make it through white palace with hiveblood , it 's because it was bound to happen at some point . 
  monkeys with typewriters and all that . 
  i got ta say , your comment combined with that face made me laugh harder than the original joke . 
  i 've never seen a person that looks less like bryan cranston . 
  no , i do n't know that guy, 
  exactly . 
  not `` well done , op '' . 
  it 's a cool picture , but technically is a fine example of something that should be downvoted . 
  he 's implying she 's a woman who does n't have a penis . 
  is that that fast part from rap god ? 
  you do n't need to stay motivated . 
  play it if you wan na play it and do n't play it if you do n't wan na play it . 
  you stupid monkey !, 
  thx mr skeltal, 
   you would n't hint that something is wrong after you 've already shown a cave full of skeletons . 
  well , yeah , because you would n't call it a hint anymore . 
  but to be fair , you could still just do it . 
  just not call it `` hinting at it '' . 
  there is no war in ba sing se . 
  ( avatar the last airbender ), 
   arin has made it very clear that he does n't much care for story or cutscenes in games, 
  see : the cutscene before the final fight of wind waker . 
  danny : `` what 's he saying ? '', 
  arin : `` buuuuh i 'm ganondorf i 'm so eviiiil '', 
  even though that was sort of the opposite of what ganondorf was saying . 
  how is that a plot hole ? 
  my favorite stand is killer queen . 
  is that the girl who plays the girl that homer groped in the gummi venus de milo episode ? 
  we are talking about turnabout goodbyes . 
  for some reason i thought gene was the guy with the baseball cards when i read your comment , which just makes it hilarious . 
  you blew it . 
  you should have concurred . 
  exactly . 
  he provided a hammer and a nail . 
  using both is only natural and fundamentally elementary . 
  if someone gives me a needle and a balloon , then my first reaction , albeit confused , would be to pop the balloon , even though that does nothing other than destroying it . 
   stab it , with quite some force when you stop to think about it . 
  not really . 
  you do n't need a lot of force to puncture something with something pointy . 
  that 's why pointy things are made . 
  oh look , an actual misleading thumbnail and not a misleading picture for once . 
  it 's how i see 2017 in 2017 . 
  in which direction do you go if you need ink sacs ? 
  squidward . 
  you can never be safe enough . 
  if diablo i has a good twist or something and i liked it and wanted to talk about it , i would personally put a spoiler tag on it . 
  i do n't see the issue with doing that . 
  it can only do good . 
  it 's barely extra work . 
  please lurk more before you post dumb shit like this . 
  you obviously fell for bait . 
  and posting r/iamverysmart as a response seems so douchy . 
  does it get better ? 
  i 've watched two episodes and found the cgi completely jarring and could n't continue watching . 
  i mean episode 0 and 1 by the way . 
  i like the story i guess but the cgi is awful to me . 
  i 'm in spring of year 3 and have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  how did the story get wrapped up ? 
  i have a husband and a cat you bigot, 
  solved !, 
  it should say 10 in math so it adds up to 90 . 
  i love how this means that / u/yamsjustyams thinks that arching your upper back is okay .
