  that means that they did n't even want to finish the ceiling , meaning that it was just a build-up to the little story they wrote . 
  are you sure you are n't confusing the two ? 
  lewis is the one who 's filming , simon is the dwarf . 
  ( the one who burned it . ), 
  awesome , i already beat it 100 % on christmas eve . 
  i already beat every light and dark world level on my playthrough . 
  ( i had to get an a + rank on every level before progressing to the next world . ), 
  that way , getting the rest of the bandages was n't that hard . 
  and you just reminded me that i did n't do any of those . 
  damn it . 
   but then i guess they 're wow players so maybe they just wan na roleplay a little too . 
  yes . 
  it was obvious that there was gon na be something under the tomb . 
  in case they are n't in on it , simon figured that out as soon as they saw it , but then he found an excuse to reveal it and made lewis find it . 
  cool !, 
  i 've never eaten ketchup my entire life !, 
  the first one was n't very hard two me , but the second level gave me a lot of problems . 
  especially when you used the third platform ( the one that goes down ) . 
  i could n't really see when i had to go left and right and my eyes started to hurt , but i made it eventually . 
  the third level was the easiest , but still annoying . 
  unlocking the kid was harder to me than unlocking steve . 
  petrol stations at night . 
  so you 're supposed to best-of your own posts ? 
  maniac ended hills . 
  your name is missing an `` n '' !, 
  dude , it 's just one single episode per day . 
  way to exaggerate . 
  also , you can probably look forward to a second season !, 
  well , someone died because of an explosion , and their loot was kind of spazzing out in mid-air . 
  you ca n't collect it , because it 's not really there , and reconnecting fixes it . 
  what the hell happened at the end ? 
  i guess it 's a kid 's equivalent of :, 
  `` wan na make out ? '', 
  `` i thought you 'd never ask . '', 
  wait , so who 's bob ? 
  is it you , your brother , or just some guy he made up ? 
  i do n't think this place really exists . 
  it 's from the movie inception . 
  i get the reference : in the game , the monster on the picture , lavos , destroys the world in the year 1999 . 
  since next year is 2011 ... 
  wait a minute . 
  i do n't get it . 
  and if the chickens can say `` hello judd !, 
  no , that 's how you get rid of coal . 
  the dark world version was much easier to me because the hard part came first , and the rest is a piece of cake anyway . 
  sometimes , i 'm scared that my dick is hanging out and everyone except me knows it . 
  * wait a minute . 
  * in reality , they are just warning him ... *, 
  i think people downvoted you because they assume that you said that louis is n't funny . 
  you 're actually saying that dane cook is stealing louis ck 's jokes , right ? 
  you can only watch the [ yogscast ] ( http://www.youtube.com/user/bluexephos ) for 15 minutes a day . 
  god damn it , i have n't watched the episode yet !, 
  no it is not . 
  [ fixed . 
  you 're right , it is pronounced like that . 
  oh , i get it now . 
  [ context . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sduux5fdyss ), 
  [ yes . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnplxo55yfw ), 
  everyone who read that had a sarcastic voice saying it in their head . 
  i keep using stone too . 
  just the thought of using a iron or diamond tool for mining stone makes me kind of nervous . 
  i do n't want to waste my iron !, 
  what if i need it ? 
  i have infinite stone and wood , so that 's no problem . 
  you two made me smile . 
  they solved the riddles surprisingly fast !, 
  i did n't even go crazy watching this !, 
  the baby 's sleeping like a baby . 
  you did n't play it a lot and you do n't know if those people you 're talking about played it a lot . 
  whippinpastry still plays it , so he should know what he 's talking about , should n't he ? 
  i just played ghost trick , i 'm at chapter 7 , and god it rules . 
  next thing i 'm gon na buy is probably this . 
  was n't it a condom commercial though ? 
  i clicked the comments of this submission and got the `` you broke reddit ! '', 
  warning . 
  i even thought it was part of the joke * somehow * for a second . 
  i miss the digg jokes ... 
  this has high priority !, 
  screw the cake armor !, 
  i read that in the voice of that british teacher in community . 
  waaait , your name should be old_peculi ** e ** r !, 
  spoiler : lewis kills simon . 
  lovejoy : homer , i 'd like you to remember matthew 7:26 : `` the foolish man who built his house on sand . '', 
  homer : and you remember ... mathew ... 21:17 !, 
  lovejoy : `` and he left them and went out of the city to bethany , where he spent the night . '', 
  think about it !, 
  it was even special to me without the twist , and it was very fun to watch . 
  when i saw the first episode , i thought , `` wow , finally a multiplayer let 's play with great commentators ! '' . 
  that was my * first * impression . 
  i did n't even know how funny they actually were until a few minutes later . 
  or seconds . 
  the twist just made it much better to me , but people have mixed opinions about that . 
  i have n't found a good server where i can settle down and have fun yet . 
  could you put me on the whitelist too , please ? 
  my username is watsuda . 
  one quick question : does your server have `` protected areas '' and can people request that their properties get protected ? 
  you should really watch the first series , then survival island , then shadow of israphel . 
  everyone except for the two is roleplaying , and simon and lewis are completely clueless .
