  you 're always gon na spoil someone so do n't do it publically when you can just take 3 seconds to use a spoiler tag . 
  there 's no point arguing when something `` stops being a spoiler '' if there is literally nothing to be gained from not using a spoiler tag . 
  even if the above comment only spoils one single person out of everyone reading it , it already did way more damage than necessary . 
  are you going to say that the person reading it deserved it for not discovering got sooner ? 
  i do n't need a study to know how i feel about things that happen to me . 
  this is the kind of shit i mean . 
  do these people think you ca n't read their comments ? 
  and that kind of stuff is all over reddit , too !, 
  with upvotes !, 
  covfefe, 
  til the guy who made this game also made binding of isaac . 
  shrek is live good sir, 
  imho he would have been a better president than trump, 
  imgur title : `` yes , we know ** he ** 's special '', 
  * gif shows gaping vagina *, 
  thanks for the sarcasm tag . 
  i never would have known . 
  how did you know i was being sarcastic ? 
  because it 's glowing red . 
  the genitals are even redder . 
  there is a rebuttal in aai-3 where edgeworth says `` i got ta disprove x '' and then you go on to disprove something completely different . 
  i do n't like his acting . 
  huh ? 
  why ? 
  people do n't just forget a spoiler like that if it means anything to them . 
  i thought this was gon na be about eartha kitt and an airplane bathroom . 
  there was a guy who allegedly got banned for `` disrespect '' in the other reddit thread about this drama . 
  ( he did n't post any screenshot or anything , though . ), 
  found the german . 
  not because you want him to learn german in germany , but because of your humorlessness . 
  sad !, 
  why do you want us to enjoy grammar nazis ? 
  they even showed his metal arm flying away to really make it clear . 
  one thing that was really unclear , however , is ... did jet just ... die ? 
  how is that relevant ? 
  he obviously means a delay long enough to make a difference . 
  i 'm on the `` stream sniping should be allowed '' side but those people 's arguments are terrible , jesus christ . 
  `` just quit your entire job and change your lifestyle because one thing bugs you '' . 
  pffff . 
  i think john mulaney said something similar once . 
  i guess i 'll just post prozd videos on this sub for karma from now on , considering being relevant to the subreddit does n't matter , apparently . 
  arnold should have said / s after it so reddit understands it . 
  remember two weeks ago or so when this subreddit had funny highlights and interesting stuff instead of drama ? 
  this is a funny highlight amidst all that drama . 
  what does / u/randy _ uk do ? 
  find a way to randomly talk about stream sniping again . 
  it 's not funny . 
  i know it 's a meme and nets epic upboats , but it 's really uncreative and low hanging fruit . 
  yeah and the other one is better, 
  then ... go somewhere else ? 
  you do n't * need * to swim through acid . 
  once you get the wall jump , pretty much every way is the right way . 
  you can make progress anywhere you go . 
  i do n't see how you can get lost . 
  i did n't get isma 's tear until after i beat the game . 
  yeah , it should freeze before we even see the car so we do n't know why the video was posted in the first place . 
  i love the way this guy tells a story using visuals . 
  he does n't tell us explicitly , but subtly makes us infer that the prozd watcher must be someone living in the us . 
  he would n't mind at all considering he 's probably afk . 
  is rocket league dead now or something ? 
  remember when you said he has very little self awareness ? 
  what 's up with that ? 
  would you still have written that if you had known that it was completely justified ? 
  i do n't even know who that streamer is except that he 's popular and that you can get upvoted for hating on him . 
  oh , it might be true that he 's childish and ca n't admit that someone beat him fairly , but i 'd say that those five seconds you saw were n't really the * best * example to showcase why he sucks , considering they actually * were * stream-sniping . 
  i still do n't get why he does n't put a delay on his stream if it 's a problem big enough for him to whine about it constantly , even if it 's a real problem . 
  does this particular streamer interact with his audience a lot ? 
  the title says * in * jojo . 
  i do n't get it . 
  who got wooshed for what ? 
  is `` ca n't tell if you 're joking '' a joke in itself ? 
  why is answering that a woosh ? 
   failed tramway is only fully mapped once tram pass is acquired, 
  something that i would find more useful would be `` room so-and-so is only fully mapped once love key is acquired '' . 
  i wonder when people started combining those two memes . 
  where 's `` teleports behind you from '' ? 
  i remember first seeing it in the facebook comment `` fight '' between tails and sephiroth . 
  theory destroyed, 
   she appeared to be almost nearing sexual satisfaction from all of the excitement . 
  in case you will forget by the time we get to the punchline : this shopping spree parallels the events in the bedroom in the prologue of this joke . 
  i like how 40 % into the joke we all knew how it would end , but the joke just keeps going on and on . 
   the joke rests on the assumption that women do n't make their own money, 
  it 's just that one lady in the joke that 's like that . 
  how many times did you beat him ? 
  does he ... stay beaten at that point ? 
  you get a golden statue . 
  welp , i guess i 'll try to beat him 10 times as well . 
  that 's reason enough . 
  yeah , i guess so . 
  to be honest , maybe i should have read the joke more thoroughly before writing that comment but i only sorta skimmed over it because it was obvious how it would end . 
  are you sure you know what a tonsil is ? 
  my collar stay poppin ', 
  makes me wonder if he put orange and blue color on his screen before he made the photo . 
  wait , so people can see the stuff i upload on imgur without being linked to it ? 
  i thought it was `` unlisted '' by default . 
   darby probably could have tried to bet something else , but he was cheating and was 100 % positive he was going to win, 
  if he was so sure of himself , why could n't he bring himself to call and then aged rapidly and got defeated ? 
   if d'arby did n't bet the secret of dio 's stand jotaro would n't have to accept anything else he offered him , and they would 've had to come to some kind of compromise . 
  i do n't get why the compromise would be a problem for d'arby , though , as long as d'arby bets something that 's worth as much as holly 's soul . 
  if the compromise could hurt d'arby in some way and make jotaro win , it would n't be much of a compromise .
