  if you subscribe to it and see it on your front page occasionally , that 's still to often for it not to lose its magic . 
  he certainly is n't a fucking hero ? 
  we 're past that and have now reached the complaining about complaining stage . 
  well , would you say terrence d'arby recycled daniel d'arby 's stand ? 
  i always thought the gambling chick in so was a d'arby , especially with how she said `` good !, 
  that 's the point where you realize that he is trolling . 
  to shreds , you say ? 
  she has very atypical lego legs . 
  yeah , i do n't get it either . 
  what classic comedy skit ? 
  when were delinquents sexually harrassing a girl ever comedy ? 
  the downvoters were just people who ca n't think for themselves . 
  yeah , what the fuck ? 
  is the above comment trying to say `` videogames are more fun if you do n't follow a guide '' ? 
  because ... no shit , dude . 
  that look in his f - eyes, 
  it 's the same as kobayashi-san ssss-kk-uh kobayashi-sama-san-chan, 
  that 's the most reddit thing i 've ever heard . 
  oh my god the helium !!, 
  you 're saying that a restricted map is dumb in this game because it would be dumb in two other games ? 
  oh yeah , i 'm sure you have alerted a horde with an opinion as strong as `` did n't mind it '' . 
  again you are comparing it to other games . 
  hollow knight is hollow knight . 
  it works well for hollow knight . 
  i play other metroidvanias , but they are completely irrelevant when talking about what works for hollow knight . 
  the good reason to do it is that it is simply more interesting to go into a new area completely blind and to wander around a bit having to use your own brain for orientation before you get the map . 
  guys ? 
  hydrogen * is * the flammable one . 
  so that guy actually thinks the tweeter is responsible for a guy 's death ? 
  did you miss the part where he explains why it 's dumb ? 
  tell this to the guy i am talking about , not to me . 
   the poster posted about everyone thinking they invented youth culture , and then saying he invented youth culture , not addressing the irony of the situation . 
  so you are saying ... that he did n't get his own joke ? 
  okay nevermind i just somehow lost 15k because my spirit did n't have my money anymore so i 'm too lazy to buy any upgrades at this point . 
  ( i also only have five notches because i forgot where to buy notches until just now . ), 
  edit : i find it offensive that hornet yells something that sounds like `` get guuuud '' when she opens up hollow knight 's mind for you . 
  the worst part is that she 's right . 
  edit 2 : okay , i finally beat radiance !, 
  i did it with the needle +2 . 
  at first , i used the charm that makes all of your health points blue so you get more health but ca n't recharge it . 
  i did that because i thought i would never get a chance to recharge it anyway . 
  however , by using that charm , i got a lot of practice doing the first phase of radiance . 
  i then switched to the mantis badge that increases your range ( which is how i 'd been fighting for the whole game ) and the charm that shields you while you recharge . 
  ( i barely needed it because there was so much time to recharge during the second phase . ), 
  what a fucking satisfying beatdown that was . 
  fuck you , radiance . 
  amazing game . 
  what about those fucking white crawlie things that come out of the ground in the deepnest ? 
  you kill one , then you 're like `` oh , time to look at the map '' and before you even finish that thought another one has come out and damaged you . 
  explain your comment . 
  are we still talking about radiance here ? 
  yeah , and why did you say whooosh ? 
  the guy in the picture did n't get the joke ; what makes you think i did n't ? 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm doing the trial of the fool right now , again with only five notches , but at least i have the strongest nail now . 
  i simply forgot that i found a notch shop early in the game and simply assumed that notches are very rare and found around the world , because one of the only notches i had was from the first coliseum trial . 
  ( i do n't even know where i got the other one ), 
  i really wish i had n't lost 15k geo right now !, 
  is it optional ? 
  does n't she guard the cast off shell ? 
  * even * some of phase 2 ? 
  i 've found phase 2 to be more chill to heal in . 
  ( we might have different definitions of `` phase '' , though ), 
  i have an idea , chief . 
  why do n't we check out the suits burns was wearing when he was shot ? 
  i instantly knew the top comment would be negative before i even saw the picture , simply because the tag says season 15 . 
  seriously , just get good . 
  i 'm so glad that this game is n't easy and actually gives you a challenge that you need to overcome . 
  beating some of the harder bosses just feels so damn good . 
  i wonder why they changed the name !, 
  does erudit mean anything ? 
  does monomon mean anything ? 
  wait , it is ? 
  i thought i needed the crest for the shadow dive thing , and i need that to get to where the teacher is ? 
  was there another way in ? 
  either rethink your strategy somehow or take a break . 
  sometimes i ca n't beat a part of a game for 2 hours , but then i get it on my first try after a break . 
  that makes sense , since i never found the acid resistance when i played through the game . 
  it 's in the royal waterways , in the part that you need a key for , and i used the two keys that i found for two other things that are much less important . 
  nl watchers are so spoiled . 
  you know how awestruck with his skill and commentary i was after watching only the gamegrumps for years ? 
  this intrigues me . 
  i 'm gon na listen for it next time i play it . 
  oh , i did look up the steps on how to get the true ending after i got the normal one . 
  i felt like getting the true ending must have something to do with needle essence , and i thought i had missed or forgotten some dream boss , so i was not in the mood to look up where the third dream boss was . 
  ( it ended up being the failed champion . ), 
  the rest of the steps were kinda cryptic too . 
  mostly the part where you had to go into the bottom center of the abyss . 
  i explored a lot more today and found some fairly big areas i 've never seen ( the bee hive ! ), 
  and found all the grubs . 
  this game still has a ton to offer !, 
  i might even 100 % it . 
  attempting the trial of the fool at the moment . 
  ( this time with more notches and the best needle . ), 
  yeah , i would have had a way easier time had i actually explored parts of the map i had n't been at yet before getting the true ending , but i just wanted to do it as early as possible because i wanted to take part in discussions and read up on some lore as quickly as i could !, 
  i just now saw it on facebook and it was posted yesterday . 
  is this just a coincidence ? 
  was n't something like this in ngnl ? 
  in one of the ending preview thingies . 
  not only are some entertainers that you conveniently forgot about from a hundred years ago extremely famous , but they will stay famous more easily in the future because they are recorded on film etc.
