  typical for game of thrones !, 
  just wait for it , dude, 
  do n't say stuff like that !, 
  valvrave the liberator is one of the few animes i watched more than once . 
  it helps that the music and animation are really good and the things that make the show bad just make it so damn funny . 
  10/10 anime to watch with friends . 
  also , shout-out to mayoiga , another great ironic watch . 
  where does the `` calling him horse '' thing come from ? 
  i thought the horse had * his * name ? 
  and who 's just a pony ? 
  wait until you get to the crash keys !, 
  would n't his dad just give it to him ? 
  it 's not like it 's a secret if the card contains a list of the occasions . 
  what joke, 
  wow , i thought that was captaindisillusion on that profile picture when i first looked at it . 
  did you just breathe ? 
  i get it !, 
  hamon !, 
  yup , and they had to change that scene in the localization . 
  in the original , zero told them over speakers . 
  in the localization , he sent them a note , since q and nine are pronounced slightly differently in english . 
  yeah , might as well call the video `` something happens '' because something happens in the video , right ? 
  the youtube title was good enough ; i do n't get why it had to be changed , but okay . 
  `` do n't believe what folks are saying '', 
  what ? 
  why would he even need to listen to what other people say if he can just ... watch the video ? 
  my cakes will burn !, 
  i know you 're joking , but would a bot be able to figure out if the word was used incorrectly . 
  did n't this drama start with a guy being banned purely on suspicion ? 
  and it was the wrong guy who got banned anyway ? 
  let people have freedom as long as it does n't impair other people 's freedom !, 
  detective conan looks like haibara . 
  i wonder why they did n't just come out with the evidence in the first place ? 
  reminds me of when somebody made a really irrational , logically flawed argument against a streamer , and i pointed it out , and people downvoted me and responded `` why are you riding this streamers dick so hard ? '' . 
  i feel like it 's all about taking sides on this subreddit . 
   the dancing scenes were kind of cringy, 
  hey , i remember that comment !, 
  was there a guy who told you that you were in the wrong place if you wan na talk about baby driver in a negative way ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's not an intended pun and it 's just some thing that reddit likes repeating . 
  well , i can watch it from austria , even the german dub . 
  it 's nice because you can just watch the death note anime now and see the differences . 
  it 's really completely different story-wise so it 's not like you got spoiled in any way . 
  so does dutch not have a word for beak/bill ? 
  mono = one, 
  rail = rail, 
  they probably misquote it on purpose because it 's an ironic joke picture . 
  it does n't . 
  i guess no demo for me then !, 
  it wo n't open on my pc because of some memory allocation error that i do n't know what to do about , so i 'll just wait for a bit !, 
  if you 're gon na cheat and add more descriptions like `` if this does n't apply , then ... '' , you might as well get that 100 % in your case 1 description as well . 
  `` the sole witness did it . 
  if that does n't apply , kristoph gavin did it . '', 
   kristoph gavin did it . 
  if he is n't in the case , the sole witness did it . 
  hah , i like this more because it sounds even dumber while being more correct . 
  i got it to work now . 
  for some weird reason , moving the game to a different steam library on a different drive solves the problem , but * only for the first time you try to open it * , and after that , i get the memory allocation error again . 
  i then figured out that there 's a folder called `` danganronpa v3 killing harmony demo ver . '', 
  in my folder that i named `` steamlibrary '' , but outside the `` steamapps '' folder . 
  inside the steamapps folder , i found a folder named `` danganronpa v3 killing harmony demo '' ( so without the ` ver . ' ), 
  that has all the files in it and that you can run the game from . 
  it 's super weird . 
  the game itself in steam has the `` ver . '', 
  at the end , but the folder it creates does n't work and i ca n't open or even delete it . 
  the folder without the `` ver . '', 
  works . 
  ... yeah , why do n't you and plant just wait in the stair car ? 
  yeah but it should have been obvious to you * before * you played the orca trial . 
  yeah but they also know german . 
  lol , fucking reddit spoiling and upvoting week-old stuff . 
  the way this comment tries to act like everyone does this and like so many people care about this non-issue makes me irrationally angry . 
  oh thank god, 
  gta v online fucking censors the word `` basement '' . 
  comes out as `` ba ***** t '' . 
  most of the time , i do n't even get disconnected . 
  i just get the red connectivity error symbol and do n't get kicked for it . 
  all i can do is abandon . 
  whenever i do get kicked and try to reconnect , it does n't work and never let 's me try again . 
  is kizu finished yet ? 
  these people really are the redgrin grumble to making references . 
  why does this sound incorrect ? 
  do people think 12,000 years does n't come close to 32 years ? 
  * 12,000 days, 
  dank if meme haha, 
  ... instead of just pressing start while stationary . 
  deutsche mark, 
  the boat has a map that shows which puzzle elements are introduced where . 
  there are no good community servers anymore . 
  all of the cute servers you could frequent died and i do n't like the game a lot anymore . 
  they found the `` exit course '' button !, 
  now all that 's missing them finally figuring out * why * it sometimes did n't appear !, 
  a person who does n't hear or see or play with sound on would have a low mmr . 
  it 's probably so you do n't just quit the level while you are falling down or dying in any way . 
  why is one toe different ? 
  is it a transplant ? 
  do they call it a toe ?? 
  can you transplant a toe ?? 
  can you actually not tell or are you just saying that, 
  i 'm playing mario on a badly programmed nintendo 64 emulator !, 
  that quote only sounds ridiculous because the employer started swearing all of a sudden .
