  i do think that anyone who goes into a discussion about a movie ( even if it 's new ) , deserves to get spoiled . 
  however , i still do n't think that spoiling the ending of the usual suspects in a thread about [ house of cards ] ( / s '' '' ) ( which happened to me , if i remember correctly ) is okay , since there is really no harm in putting spoiler tags around a dumb spoilery reference you want to make . 
  ( i still have n't seen the usual suspects , because if i do n't watch a movie that i got spoiled on , i will never know what i missed . ), 
  do you agree under those conditions ? 
   he 's of german decent . 
  as an austrian , i am offended . 
  it 's from the tv show fargo !, 
  i would highly recommend . 
  and that means ? 
  i think everyone but germany begs to differ . 
  well , there could be two shows with an equal amount of bestness . 
  it is explicitely stated that she is not superman . 
  i 'm sorry , but your theory does not work . 
  it is a picture of a cowboy on a plain and it says `` they 've taken his plain '' . 
  it 's not a reach at that point because that 's the only thing you can think about . 
  only after that do you turn it around or open it and see that it 's a completely different movie about a plane . 
  then you realize that it was all a dumb pun and have a nice chuckle . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_dress_ ( viral_phenomenon ), 
  how is the last line the punchline ? 
  what prevents me from interpreting the last line in the same way i interpreted the first line ? 
  why ? 
  what does the line with the pepper change ? 
  it 's the same wording , just with pepper . 
  it does n't really help you realize what he actually meant , does it ? 
   and it has to be the most recent one . 
  so does the `` it '' in that line refer to the word `` sentence '' ? 
  there was even that swirly effect after they realize what they had done . 
  of course you learn it before the change . 
  it 's a retroactive change . 
  the things you see before the change are all caused by the change that comes later . 
  0 episodes for me . 
  where did * that * come from ? 
  oh no a woman, 
  that 's not a stark . 
  that 's just a * bastard * . 
  different opinion of what ? 
  huh ? 
  cue the fucking `` oh do n't remind me you monster '' meme comments that are in every thread . 
  those names are n't even cat names or grey haired characters . 
  but inside joke = upvotes , i guess . 
  wait , you * do * want to sound like a weeb or you * do n't * ? 
  it 's not even subtle . 
  if you read comments like that two or three times ( which is bound to happen because there 's instantly a whole comment thread with variations of the same joke ) , you * will * get spoiled , but the average redditor is too dumb to figure out that they 're not being subtle . 
  i had bioshock spoiled to me by `` subtle reddit comments '' in the same way . 
  the joke is that he thinks it 's impossible . 
  of course he would n't actually think that the game ends in the middle of a level . 
  is n't that level like ten seconds long ? 
  not being called a dictatorship . 
  yup . 
  someone did n't put a lot of thought into their question . 
  straight up killed a guy hahaha, 
  certainly something that i would have to come up with on the spot . 
  anything that sounds like i 'm just parroting what i read on the internet would make me look like an idiot . 
  or he just simply has different taste . 
  the room has a nice main theme . 
  got ta clean up somehow when you 're too lazy to get up . 
  it was a good effort considering the circumstances . 
  what if she has a bomb ? 
  if i told you where i live , you would just try to come and get me . 
  this really sounds like you just have n't played a hard game recently . 
  he only dissected it because he had to explain why it 's shitty . 
  the fact that he did n't like it came naturally from just seeing the joke . 
  i thought he meant that dissecting it at all makes it shitty , not just the way auerz did it . 
  oh shit , iblali actually took off ? 
  this guy was actually funny doing let 's plays , so it 's a shame he 's doing weird vlogs now . 
  wow you 're a faggot, 
  discount troy baker ? 
  right ? 
  why would he think that something intended to look like a comic looks like a comic ? 
  wow , what an incredibly wrong statement . 
  haha !, 
  haha !, 
  haha !, 
  haha !, 
  haha !, 
  haha !, 
  haha !, 
  haha !, 
  haha !, 
  haha !, 
  haha !, 
  haha !, 
  what about the guy who played tyrion in the play ? 
  lausbua !, 
  it really was * not * ambiguous at all . 
  i think some redditors think they are subtle , but if i read about a character in a violent tv show `` hanging with the wrong crowd '' , i literally only think of that one meaning , because why the fuck else would you even say it . 
  `` oh , i 'm not gon na spoil the fate of x from y to you , but let 's just say his character arc * goes out with a bang *  )   '', 
  ( this was a subtle reference to x exploding . 
  i am so subtle and only people who have seen it will get it . ), 
  do you think you are being subtle ? 
  it is so terribly obvious to people who have n't seen it what you are talking about . 
  i find this really funny but i do n't know if it 's for the right reason . 
  what 's the joke here ? 
  do n't forget that she would walk 500 more . 
  what are we gon na do all by ourselves on jaco island ? 
  an island so insignificant , you did not even notice that this is * not jaco island !, 
  what do you mean , for time 's sake ? 
  you do n't have to watch the summer anime right when it comes out . 
  just play the games and take your time , just be careful not to get spoiled . 
  games are on steam and really good .
