  i 'm lucky that i 've seen what you spoiled already , just one week ago . 
  anyway , if you 're so sorry , at least spare other people from getting spoiled . 
  it 's not like only here_to_swap was able to read what you wrote . 
  everyone can still get spoiled . 
  maybe it happened to someone a month ago , maybe someone will watch fargo in five years and read up the discussion thread while being in the middle of the show you spoiled . 
  the worst thing ? 
  you misspelled the name , so even if you delete your comment , everyone who reads franktank3 's response with the correct spelling gets spoiled anyway !, 
  i am just really against spoilers . 
  no matter how old the thing that 's getting spoiled is . 
  people get interested in old stuff every day . 
  edit : sorry if i come across as a dick , by the way . 
  lessening the blow is exactly what people who avoid spoilers * do n't * want . 
  we want to experience the shock and terror of things instead of just reading about it on reddit . 
  that 's what spoiling is . 
  lessening the shock . 
  it 's bad . 
  did n't you apologize to the guy you spoiled ? 
  why are you suddenly saying it 's a good thing ? 
  it is n't !, 
  i would have been furious !, 
   maybe someone will watch fargo in five years and read up the discussion thread while being in the middle of the show you spoiled . 
  and you 'd rather type out posts justifying yourself than delete your old post because people `` deserve '' to get spoiled after a month , huh ? 
  where i live , the episode has n't even aired yet . 
  [ i think he means this one . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8z4s0mmd5xq ), 
  is that fukawa from danganronpa , just with more social skills ? 
  come and have a go, 
  * if you think you 're hard enough *, 
  ` ave n't got a chance, 
  that somehow looks exactly like tywin . 
  it 's the year 2014 and i fell for this . 
  well , i kinda actually like this song anyway . 
  then how is the average ending average ? 
  do we hate simon ? 
  or is dracula not dead forever in that one ? 
  as a guy with like 5 kilobyte/s upload speed , i do n't even feel like i * should * feel remorse . 
  how can you hate the characters of anime in general ? 
  artstyle , i understand , but any character that can exist outside animes can also exist inside one . 
  both of those are targeted towards teenage boys . 
  try steins ; gate or something !, 
  two years worth of semen, 
  skwiiiirel . 
  now say oachkatzlschwoaf . 
  it was clearly not the kind of answer wanted by op , though . 
  also , who wants an endless anime series anyway ? 
  that made me laugh my ass off for some reason . 
  a pair of vagina lips !, 
  lol, 
  i actually voted for the other girl even though i did n't know her just because i despise lucy . 
  how can you like her ? 
  is this our chance ? 
  edit : considering persona 4 is like 70-80 hours or something , i doubt they 'll do that . 
  it is full of hilarious material to work with , though . 
  i totally banged her !, 
  horray !, 
  he made laser sounds when he used his zappy gun and he did a solid snake voice for a second as well !, 
  some parts kinda sound like `` air '' by johann sebastian bach . 
  you think so ? 
  join us over at / r/civcirclejerk then !, 
  yellowcake , as in , uranium . 
  maybe he should get [ a new start ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fhbky8d.jpg ) . 
  is the dub good ? 
  i like yuri lowenthal . 
  also , she does not actually exist . 
  do n't forget that being a pedophile is n't even morally bad as long as you do n't act on it . 
  i guess kawada must be my favorite character because he 's absolutely brilliant and he won the game * two freaking times * . 
  not only did he sort of win ( or would have easily one ) but he also was responsible for the first escape from the program in the last 50 or so years . 
  that is badass !, 
  shinji was one of my favorite characters because he knew everything and was the one who gave the reader the most hope in the first half of the book . 
  he had a plan , and as shuya said , if anyone can figure out how to escape , it 's him . 
  shinji had the plan and set it into motion and it could have worked if it was n't for that shocking attack by kiriyama . 
  i thought he 'd at least take him out with the kamikaze attack , but i guess he absolutely did not hurt him at all . 
  warrior prexia dikianne mizuho was also an excellent character . 
  seriously , why did she ( or lucy from elfen lied , for that matter ) get so many votes for * best girl * ?!, 
  i 'm not saying the people 's opinions are wrong , i am just really curious as to why you would vote for such terrible people . 
  i found it funny . 
  it 's god 's thumb !, 
  better go carry a piglet up there !, 
  ew , you watched recess * dubbed * !??!, 
  ^ ^ ^ wait ... 
  ken ashcorp , an internet singer guy !, 
  also known as foreverpandering and i think he had some other internet personas as well . 
  zach braff naked with a male body , probably . 
  the operation was a success !, 
  let 's see how those mini pizzas are doing !!, 
  why is there an artificial valve in the oven ? 
  shit !, 
  here 's the thing . 
  you said a `` trick is an illusion '' . 
  is it in the same family ? 
  yes . 
  no one is arguing that . 
  what 's the point of the picture anyway ? 
  huh ? 
  i actually really like byakuya 's english voice . 
  i do n't even remember what his japanese voice sounded like anymore , since i just hear the english voice whenever i imagine him speaking . 
  oooh , i thought someone got blown by snoo . 
  yeah , i do n't even really hear arin in this one , but in the new ones they are sort of harmonizing . 
  why do you get to decide where he found it ? 
  i loved the moment when i remembered what 11037 means and why it just seemed so damn familiar .
