  [ just a camouflage shirt , you jerks . 
  it 's laundry day . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwjhgpnudda ), 
  you could argue that the moment they made an online show about themselves , it stopped being just their business . 
  but there 's only one answer out of 4 that says `` 50 % '' , so picking the correct answer would have the probability of 25 % . 
  but there 's two of those , so picking that has a probability of 50 % . 
  so you just loop back and forth , which means there is no answer . 
  so it 's 0 % . 
  but 0 % is also one of the answers and we 're back to 25 % . 
  `` actually still friends '' ? 
  i 've always had the strong impression that there had to have been some sort of falling out . 
  yup , i think they are completely over it and the nda or whatever ran out as well . 
  i am still very curious about what happened in the first place and i think we may be able to find out within the next months , but maybe that 's just wishful thinking . 
  what do you mean `` are you being serious '' ?!, 
  i said `` serious question '' because i honestly did n't know , just so there 's no misunderstandings . 
  i just wanted to know to what degree it can mess up your life and how . 
  and now i know . 
  sorry for not knowing . 
  keep in mind that at least 100 people have to have done that so you can be the top 1 % . 
  what 's your point ? 
  oh , i do think they are friends now , i just do n't think that they are `` still '' friends . 
  rather , they 're friends * again * . 
  what 's the episode you skip ? 
  the one with a lot of flasbacks ? 
  then look at the episode count before you start an anime ... ? 
  yeah , there 's those 5 animes that have hundreds of episodes , so try an anime that wants to tell an actual story and not one that wants to keep going and get money . 
  what was the context ? 
  i 've watched the movie . 
  edit : guys , i just said this because the comment i answered to started with `` watch the movie '' . 
  i was n't being a dick or complaining that he explained . 
  are his hands glued to his head ? 
  because i do n't remember that one line !, 
  ( and it was sort of hard to hear . ), 
  i said this because the guy prefaced his answer with `` watch the movie '' . 
  i just do n't remember some insignificant line from the first scene . 
  i did n't mean my comment as `` i 've already seen it , dipshit , do n't explain it '' ; i meant it as `` oh , i 've already seen it , i just do n't remember that one part '' . 
  tone does n't translate well through text , apparently !, 
  i think anyone sounds like an asshole on the internet when they say a short sentence with a full stop at the end . 
  top kek, 
  am i the only one who really did n't like the movie ? 
  i would almost call it `` bad '' . 
  it did n't help that i read the book first , but the whole movie must have seemed weird and rushed to every first-time viewer , right ? 
  i also found the acting to be bad . 
  i loved the teacher , though . 
  and he was n't even in the book !, 
   the redditors decided this was a post about my wife . 
  i do not appreciate your nasty words . 
  are you dumb, 
  i 'm browsing / r/gaming for the first time in a while today . 
  further down a guy called him out on making up a sob story . 
  he responds with `` this is just a wow post , the redditors decided this was about my wife '' . 
  what a fucking tool . 
  worst part was his response to this :, 
  when i was younger , i did the kafei quest on my brother 's savefile and immediately beat the final boss afterwards . 
  ( i do n't like how you ca n't actually do that without doing it twice when you beat the game 100 % . 
  you have to restart the cycle and then use the mask you got for something else . 
  kinda anticlimatic . ), 
  i also did all the romani sidequests and then chilled in the milk bar . 
  how did you get stuck after the first dungeon ? 
  there is n't really anything that 's hard to figure out there , is there ? 
  it 's basically just a 100 % guide , but in the game . 
  i am probably going to use it , but not before i 've actually tried figuring everything out by myself ( and using the bomber 's hints , and my memories from the n64 version ) . 
  there 's two 100 rupee chests that are available really early in the game . 
  [ in east clock town , walk up the stairs from where the mayor 's office is , jump across the ledge , over the targets and the basket of that shop , and onto the roof . 
  there 's a chest there . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  [ in the bomber 's hideout , after entering it , go to the left through the sewers . 
  there 's a wall you can bomb with 100 rupees behind it . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  you can get those within the first few `` hours '' of the first day , so there 's not really a need to `` farm '' for rupees in this game , ever . 
  yes , but what he said was wrong . 
  in the second 3-day-cycle , use the code you 've remembered from the first cycle again in east clock down , enter and leave the bomber 's hideout and their leader , james , will be baffled as to how you got in without having played their game ( which you already have , but he does n't remember because only link and the happy mask salesman have reading steiner ) . 
  he will then give you the bomber 's notebook . 
  why ? 
  what did he say , exactly ? 
  i got ta say , him giving you the notebook actually makes sense in a way . 
  with the notebook , you 'll be able to find more masks and get majora 's mask back . 
  sorry , he deleted it , here 's a post of me quoting one of the things he said :, 
  he acted surprised that people were talking about his wife and acting like the post was about his wife . 
  he said that the point of the post was to show off the money he got and had nothing to do with his wife . 
  `` now if the only masks that allow you to create a clone using the song are the ones related to dead people , and link is somehow able to create a clone of himself ... '', 
  not only does he use a premise he just made up on the spot for his argument , he also ignored the fact that link is n't wearing a link mask . 
  you can only transform using the masks of dead people because you ca n't have a mask that has a spirit of a living person . 
  the simplest solution is just : you can clone yourself . 
  if you look different , the clone looks different . 
  ( or : there 's a clone for each soul . ), 
  he 's going for the penta, 
  if i take that mask off , will you die ? 
  when i wrote that comment , i thought it was 2000 . 
  that 's a different guy . 
  he did run the fishing area in oot , though . 
  going to hell ? 
  is this joke offensive to anyone ? 
  so how far into mm3d are you guys ? 
  i 'm in ikana , currently , and trying to get 100 % . 
  it came up organically !, 
  yeah , most emotional quote in the series . 
  ignoring the fact that spoilers should always be marked , since there is always gon na be someone interested who has n't played yet : this game just got a remake , ergo , it got more newcomers . 
  this is * the * time to tag spoilers . 
  also , where was there a spoiler ?!,
