  pan da !, 
  you 're not really making anyone fall for that bait . 
  you just make yourself look dumb . 
  lol true, 
  i do n't understand how `` ei '' sounds like `` ih '' . 
  am i misunderstanding something ? 
  the `` ei '' sounds like the `` ei '' in `` heist '' . 
  yes lol, 
  there 's nothing bad about it, 
  yeah , he sure is clever for posting a riddle ? 
  oh god this is dark, 
  yeah , it 's because rich people with top hats usually also wear monocles . 
  might have been the joke, 
  what did this show do ?!, 
  why even add these changes ? 
  yeah , same here . 
  i thought the game switched narrator because it was even accompanied by some white flash . 
  same with the `` bottom screen was akane in the past all along '' which i never knew was intended to be a twist . 
  i do n't even think it makes sense . 
   i want to ask if there are any games that include the kind of decision intensity for d-team when sigma and phi argue on whether to push the button or not with people shouting in the background , fast paced music and so on . 
   danganronpa . 
  done, 
  so much confidence about such a wrong answer . 
  it 's amazing how great memes can be . 
  i loved discussing the game and memeing about it , making fun of all the dumb or ridiulous stuff . 
  man , i wish i could go back to when the / v / ztd threads were active . 
  this game is good , but it 's a bad finale to the series , and a * terrible * sequel to vlr . 
  people on this sub have a hard time spotting jokes . 
  deppata titel is deppat, 
  oh cool , ca n't wait for the runner to get banned for this run for some reason . 
  is this the first video game you two have ever played ? 
  who in the world would take that guy seriously ? 
  he 's obviously joking or trolling . 
  mark neelstin --  ** mrlakenstein **, 
  slovenia what the fuck are you doing, 
  it 's ... 
  already called ass ault ... 
  and in german , null is 0 . 
  and nowadays , we have wussies like you winning about smurfing . 
  ... huh ? 
  it was for reddit . 
  all we need is a comment that thinks its making its own joke but actually just explains the above joke , which then gets upvoted more than the original joke . 
  the cat has the same smile as timothy dalton 's character in hot fuzz . 
  n-no !!, 
  you 're not me !!, 
  what the heck is doppio ? 
  pretty sure it 's a jojo part 7 reference . 
  it 's pretty old . 
  i remember him crying that people were shitting on him over the sans is ness theory . 
  like ... do n't take it that seriously . 
  ca n't you just embrace your meme status ? 
  who got wooshed there ? 
  you ? 
  jobrim , you dinkus . 
  is n't this the case with ... everything ? 
  if humans did n't have a pinky on their left hand and then suddenly one appeared for a day , people would be really amazed too . 
  i was never able to relate to this reddit meme . 
  why would i want a curly fry ? 
  i like regular fries more . 
  that 's why i ordered regular fries . 
  good . 
  another person who thought jojo was going to be set in space . 
  when they sent kars to space in part 2 , i was like `` finally , so next part is when they go to space '' , it being named stardust crusaders and jotaro looking like a. . . space ... captain . 
  how do you know people ignore this ? 
  do you need every comment in this sub to be about the hand thing ? 
  me neither . 
  is this on the official mobile app or something ? 
  i guess it 's for when you are in a room and not sure if the closed door in front of you leads outside or to another room . 
  yup , and even if you have never really consciously thought about it , the brain still notices that kind of stuff . 
  one might just `` know '' it 's an external door without being sure why . 
  how many letters are in mettatonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn, 
  did you watch the video ? 
  because glitches make way for rare occurances . 
  what happens in this video would n't be good if it happened every game . 
  if pubg had special rounds with a probability of 1 % where this happens , that would be cool , though . 
  maybe pu should ban all these guys for teamkilling , huh guys ?? 
  upvotes to the left !!, 
  i 'm breathing . 
  well , so is rollerblading . 
  why did you say whom, 
  its who, 
  egoraptor would n't cut me off !, 
  he edited it but the edit is still wrong . 
  the game is named cos and we later see it stands for call of strike . 
  what ? 
  is autocorrect doing something to you ? 
  what is this garbage ? 
  it 's neither of those . 
  nope , neither . 
  reply `` solved ! '', 
  to the guy above . 
  nah , i 'm pretty sure that the guy did n't have an accent . 
  itt : people spoiling shit or people '' '' '' `` subtly '' '' '' '' talking about things thinking they are n't spoiling shit . 
  knowing those crucial 10 seconds can ruin those crucial 10 seconds , which can potentially be a really great moment that you may remember years later . 
  it also changes how you see the entire movie . 
  oh , someone mentions someone from game of thrones ? 
  better make some comment about that person hanging out with his friends because nobody who has n't seen the episode in which it happens will ever get the clever double meaning of the word `` hanging '' in my incredible pun !, 
  it will be considered a spoiler as long as people get old enough to get interested in game of thrones . 
  you know how long that is ? 
  forever .
