  2 ) nobody is getting mad . 
  3 ) there is literally no disadvantage to saying `` spoilers : '' in the beginning of something . 
  it only helps people . 
  i do not understand why people are so keen on fighting spoiler tags . 
  4 ) samus being a woman is common knowledge since it is spoiled in every game that is n't metroid , and it is spoiled by everyone talking about her using a female pronoun . 
  the other is the ending of transistor . 
  i would have preferred not knowing the ending of citizen kane when i watched it . 
  the only reason people think it 's okay to spoil citizen kane is because everyone does it and it would be seen as weird to complain about it as a result . 
  it 's also not my fault for not watching it earlier because i was n't alive to watch it during a time without citizen kane spoilers . 
  the age at which the ending was spoiled for me was a few years before i was old enough to understand and appreciate citizen kane . 
  i am hyped to see that  15 minute long episodes are the norm now . 
  what an unfortunate time to suddenly start normal guarding , i thought . 
  but then he figured out such a cool ( and tricky ) way to beat him !, 
  i 'm proud . 
  you know , i always thought that her eyes were blush stickers and that her lock of hair was some sort of weird noise . 
  i still see it that way . 
  so marilyn 's `` eyes '' are blush marks too , then ? 
  because i always saw those as eyes . 
  like everyone has been saying for episodes : they probably talked to luigi between episodes . 
  if they find the shop . 
  it 's not like the buddy knew he would n't pick up and would react like that . 
  it * was * mia . 
  if she had said that in 3-1 , she would n't be called ??? 
  because she would n't be able to make a surprise entrance . 
  the question mark signifies rising intonation , and it is a question . 
  it 's like he 's saying `` i thought slut was n't a swear ; does anyone agree or have proof that it is ? '', 
  jesus christ , you sound exactly like the type of autistic cringy edgelord i would never like and who would make every real life conversation awkward . 
  i know you 're trying to be `` funny '' with those wacky , random insults , but it 's just painful to read . 
  would be funny if they subverted that though !, 
  the picture of his family at 8:41 is hilarious . 
  it does n't recharge star power though . 
  that 's an upside then . 
  the train chapter ? 
  worst part ??? 
  that was optional and completely logical . 
  i was like 10 and figured it out pretty quick . 
  yeah but he does n't count, 
  for you, 
  i metaphorically have a dental appointment tomorrow . 
  you know !, 
  that famous figure of speech !, 
  i do n't think anyone will see swimming goggles and a cap and not think that it 's water . 
  and what made you hit post without noticing your ridiculous errors ? 
  wow that 's so funny !, 
  he played music , but instead of the music , it was some other song that we arbitrarily decided to be `` funny '' . 
  thanks for not spoiling the punchline in the title like the video did . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  the movie established rules and then broke them heavily . 
  you think that somehow does n't matter ? 
  `` lol it 's unrealistic in the first place '' is not a valid excuse . 
  this was a really jarring part in the movie that bugged many many people . 
  most other time travel movies do n't have gigantic problems like that . 
  there 's such a thing as heavily implying . 
  i never explicitly stated in my post that you claimed it was a valid excuse , either . 
  what was the point of your post if not to defend the movie ? 
  watson walks in on sherlock having sex with a younger looking girl `` bloody hell , sherlock !, 
  what 'd you think you 're doing bangin ' that chick ? 
  she looks like she 's in highschool !, 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  you can even change the team names to something like edward and jacob . 
  okay , i think i 'm unsubscribing from this subreddit . 
  i get what you mean , but i think it 's more fun this way . 
  sad !, 
  a comment at least makes some sort of statement . 
  in the original stories , that word was used a lot . 
  it means `` to say something suddenly '' . 
  is it part of japanese humor to have people point out the obvious and explain the humor in the situation ? 
  what the fuck was unexpected about anything that happened before the ball hits her face ? 
  i 'm sorry , but why would n't anyone care ? 
  if you just want funny scripted clips , go somewhere else . 
  the guy said that he quit watching when the girl covered her face . 
  the unexpected things happen in the end of gifs . 
  in this case , if you watch until she covers her face , the thing that you call unexpected already happened 1/4 of the way in . 
  my point is there is no reason to think that the gif is over when it 's still happening . 
  [ this scene from nichijou ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dcqfbdlnvzu ) is a great example of this . 
  just watch the whole video before you keep reading my comment ; it 's great . 
  okay , so about three minutes in , yukko gets her coffee . 
  the scene is really funny , and the facepalm she makes while staring at what she bought is depressingly hilarious . 
  but * then * , they ruin it by having her say `` so tinyyyy '' . 
  why ? 
  we can see that . 
  you 're taking away from the humor . 
  interestingly , the latin translation for go !, 
  is even shorter . 
  you think the comic , whichever comic you mean , was made after people first made that joke ? 
  the joke of making `` elementary '' mean `` elementary school '' and making it into a dirty joke is really old . 
  ( look up wassup holmes ), 
  also , guess what , i did n't invent the joke . 
  that 's what jokes are . 
  you just take them from somewhere and re-tell them . 
  this was such a good playthrough , and it was the first gamegrumps playthrough i 've watched in months , but now i ca n't even finish the episode because arin keeps telling dan what to do . 
  it 's just not fun anymore . 
  such a shame . 
  i do n't get it , either . 
  it 's not like they were stuck at any point when he whipped out the walkthrough . 
  how is this fun to play when you get told exactly what to do and just input the controls ? 
  that 's the way literally anyone sees it . 
  the guy above you is obviously joking . 
  like , so hard . 
  he 's being extremely sarcastic .
