  uh , so did anyone else get a bit confused by the scene after the not guilty verdict ? 
  phoenix and maya are just talking normally , when suddenly an explosion happens , mrs. inmee comes in and paints her face , flees with datz and dhurke , and then all maya says is '' ... . . hey nick !, 
  while you 're lost in thought ... '' with a happy face . 
  i first thought `` oh this scene is weird and out of place '' and then maya reacted like that and i was like `` oooh , it was a daydream '' , and then later it turned out to be real . 
  i ca n't be the only one who expected there to be a new game + type of deal where the ending changes if you play it a second time/play it differently . 
  the ending of the game , as it is , is something that could have been easily avoided if otus just stayed at home for the whole game or something . 
  i thought `` the loop '' was the fact that the world kept repeating and you break the loop by doing something differently . 
  basiton did that . 
  undertale sort of did that . 
  i remember there being many `` noobs '' in that chat log who say `` i 'm totally gon na do it ! '', 
  and then a moderator or generally a veteran time traveller complains and says `` i had to just go back and prevent him from killing hitler . 
  stop it with this shit . 
  we 've been through this '' or something . 
  or something like that . 
  after one character wakes up and finds the other making breakfast , i guess . 
  it might be a point and click . 
  there are aliens in that game and you have to save the world or something ? 
  you get a password that you have to type in next to a shed near ayers rock and if you wrote down the password from last time you played it you can basically finish the game in two minutes . 
  it is probably like 15 years old and i think it was on a cd with some other minigames like one with a frog in a blender ? 
  i never bought the tempest expansion pack , but i have it in my steam library . 
  it 's not even in my transaction list . 
  also , when i look at my dlc list , it says that i got all my dlcs on the 6th of february ( 2016 ) ; that 's before tempest even came out . 
  what 's the dealio with that , yo ? 
  is it related to the fact that i bought the `` endless legend collection '' bundle before they even added tempest to it ? 
  basically , floating food disappears . 
  might have been a lollipop !, 
  edit : if this helps : the scene in the third harry potter movie where harry walks around invisible after stealing a lolly from neville made me remember the scene in question . 
  in the harry potter scene , you just see the lollipop floating around , and i said `` oh yeah , i remember this . 
  who eats a lollipop like that ? '', 
  ( thinking that we would see it disappear bite by bite ) but that just never happened . 
  what am i actually thinking of ? 
  i was very young at the time , so i might be wrong about `` flash cartoon '' , but it was a cartoon and it was on the internet . 
  this was many years ago , maybe around 2003 . 
  i distinctly remember a big , red button being pressed to launch the warheads . 
  i think the window cleaner might be the person who was smoking in the first place , or a person in the office he was outside of threw a cigarette outside and burned him , causing him to die . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the window cleaner was one of , if not the first person to die !, 
  the dog then bites the player . 
  this is all in first person view , obviously . 
  i saw this webm in a webm thread on / v / . 
  he says to st. peter , `` i thought all dogs go to heaven ? 
  is n't it wrong for a human like me to be here ? '', 
  st. peter raises an eyebrow and says , `` that is a logical fallacy '' and sends him to hell . 
  there 's a scene where jontron is reacting to something he ( probably ) finds scary so he 's just like `` aaaauuaggh '' `` yooooauugh '' `` yoooodeloooheee '' . 
  so basically he 's kinda yelling and then it turns into yodeling . 
  and he 's sort of smiling at the end . 
  help . 
  i 've already asked this question here before and even got an answer , but i forgot the answer and the comment of the guy who answered got deleted . 
  jesus christ , do i have to beat hollow knight every time ? 
  i 've gotten up to the part in the radiance fight that i guess you could call the second phase . 
  you jump around on small platforms and radiance teleports back and forth . 
  i 've only ever found one pale ore in the game ( the one from the dream nail lady ) . 
  is my needle worth upgrading a third or fourth time ? 
  what 's the difference in damage ? 
  i do n't wan na go looking for pale ores and looking up a guide feels cheap too . 
  just ... how close am i to the end of the fight ? 
  edit : okay , i did it . 
  my journey to victory is in the comments . 
  does n't it feel like cheating ? 
  i feel like the point of cookie clicker is the feeling of getting lucky , or calculating what the most efficient purchase would be at the moment , or the feeling that you did all of that without help . 
  if you use a script that clicks golden cookies for you , or if you use a website that tells you what the next mots efficient purchase will be , what is even left of the game ? 
  wo n't it just be some random website with a number going up ? 
  what 's the difference between getting an autoclicker and just cheating and setting your cps to 5x the speed ? 
  i do n't mean to shit on people who use mods ; i honestly want to try to understand it . 
  what should i pick ? 
  yes , radiant appetite doubles your cps , but i play fairly actively whenever my computer is turned on ( and i wo n't leave it running when i do n't use it for a while ) , and 500 sextillion out of 830 sextillion are handmade , so most of my cookies come from dragonflight/frenzy wombo combos . 
  ( and the regular wombo combos . ), 
  i probably should n't ignore that radiant appetite will also double the cookies i will make in regular wombo combos . 
  or something like that, 
  discuss . 
  i just started a hollow knight speedrun to see if i could beat it in under 5 hours . 
  at no point did i quit the game . 
  right now , i have all the movement abilities , and just need to seek out the three you know whats . 
  however , even though my steam overlay says i 've only played for 160 minutes , my save file says i 've played for 3h 40min . 
  what 's up with that ? 
  edit : i found out what caused the glitch . 
  i am extremely dumb and i must have read the 2h as 3h in the menu . 
  edit 2 : these comments and what happened to a friend leads me to believe that maybe i did n't misread ? 
  it went a bit like this, 
  where were u when 9/11 did, 
  mother tdell me towers fall, 
  i 've only read a few chapters of jojolion and i 'm really liking it so far , because there are just so many mysteries already . 
  ( for example , the hirose chick just got the dna test results . ), 
  unfortunately , and this is not just a meme or anything , araki keeps forgetting stuff . 
  what if all of these mysteries either just do n't get resolved or there 's gon na be gigantic plotholes ? 
  i know it 's jojo and all , but all of these mysteries have the potential of leading to something really good and i do n't want to see that wasted . 
  most of the picture are arrows pointing at parts of the sword and descriptions of what that part is made of . 
  it is just an extremely dumb looking , overpowered sword that was obviously designed by an 11-year-old . 
  the argument was about a band that was shown in the video or picture . 
  i think guy a claimed he knew the band personally or something . 
  guy b said `` no , it 's some other band '' and guy a got downvoted . 
  guy a later made a post on r/pics ( or maybe r/reddit when it still existed ) with a dumb title like `` i demand satisfaction '' or `` justice '' or something . 
  an army of redditors seeking justice downvote all of guy b 's comments . 
  the `` proof '' in his post seemed valid enough , i guess , but he probably made some sort of error in his deduction as it later turns out that the now heavily downvoted guy b was right . 
  i do not know him from any of the shows and movies he 's listed in , so i know it is n't actually this actor that i 'm looking for . 
  however , he reminds me of some ( beardless ) awkward guy from ... probably a comedy show ? 
  maybe malcolm in the middle ? 
  i 've only gotten to the mantis village , but i like how the translation team handled the game 's dialogue !, 
  the german language is more fitting for a game about legends of ancient kingdoms anyway . 
  thanks for not translating hornet 's name , by the way . 
  the only thing that bugs me is that sometimes certain text does n't fit where it goes , because german is just longer than english sometimes .
