  there is no official rule that prohibits walking around at night . 
  they made it up themselves so they would n't be scared at night . 
  yup , some of them are just too funny for me . 
  i want to say something , but i ca n't !, 
  you mean the real culprit would get executed too ? 
  how would you even get out by killing someone if you would die anyway ? 
  you mean the song that also played during the space execution in the first episode ? 
  louis ck 's body language and facial expressions are n't in the video . 
  it 's not like * what * he says is the only important thing about his humor . 
  well , not exactly , since this would n't work with games that heavily focus on story like visual novels . 
  no , those are characters from breaking bad . 
  indirectly . 
  he killed jane and that made her father so upset that he let two planes collide . 
  actually , if he had n't been there , she would n't have died . 
  she and jesse were spooning before walt came in and tried to wake up jesse by shaking him , which made jane roll over . 
  i completely discarded the fact that there could be people who watched season 4 , but not season 2 anyway . 
  it 's straightforward . 
  everyone who plays it for the first time has the same experience . 
  why ... would he walk around like that ?!, 
  i have n't watched the episode yet , but did n't he burn his clothes ? 
  i do n't know , i think they can somehow manage to do it if they manage to cram [ amount of chapters ] ( / s `` a chapter into two episodes . 
  would that mean one investigation and one trial episode ? 
  i wonder where the exposition would fit in . '' ), 
  holy shit , i remember this !, 
  what is it from ? 
  yeah , but in japanese , 9 is also pronounced kyuu , so they 'd just write 39 ? 
  just like we say `` call nine one one '' and not `` call nine-hundred and eleven '' . 
  maybe she just picked the person who seemed douchy to her so it would be easy to kill that person ? 
  and by `` easy '' , i do n't mean physically easy . 
  it kinda makes sense . 
  yes , but only because you just do n't have enough information to figure it out when the trial starts . 
  it 's literally impossible to * know * who the killer is , except if you notice what kirigiri noticed , in which case you still do n't have concrete proof . 
  from someone who * has * played the game , it really did n't seem rushed to me either . 
  i actually thought that leon 's breakdown and reaction were much better in the adaption . 
  nichijou is the best comedy anime i 've ever seen , and the most well animated one . 
  watch it if you have the time . 
  the sad part is that it did n't sell well . 
  if it was so obvious that he was trolling , why did you even respond to him and show everyone how young he `` is '' ? 
  i 've only watched 4 episodes of cromartie , and while it 's definitely funnier , i still think nichijou is * better * . 
  but ... if you do n't care about what they say , why do you want them to go in a different thread ? 
  a swimming anime that 's currently airing . 
  while i agree with you ... this guy missed an important plot point somehow . 
  eh , i actually like linear vns more , except if the fact that you can choose different routes is somehow explained in-game . 
  ( i 'm thinking of a specific vn here , but i ca n't really say which one without spoiling it . ), 
  pissing off is bad . 
  what was shown in the beginning was in the tv . 
  free !, 
  is from kyoani , i.e. 
  from the creators of haruhi , k-on , etc. 
  hahahahahaha, 
  no , that would be too sad . 
  it happens , yes . 
  but ... that 's not what it is ... 
  does anyone even remember when to use this ? 
  imagine giygas being grant kirkhope . 
  `` you ` ave n't got a chance ! '', 
   if i have to play the game to understand , then they 're not doing it right . 
  understand what , exactly ? 
  it was clear in the anime that it was brutal murder and not self defense . 
  just because the idiot who 's going to die in a minute says it 's self defense does n't mean it is . 
  i wonder if stocking anarchy is into poop . 
  i mean , she totally likes bondage . 
   what does a person 's actions necessarily have to do with their actions ? 
  it ca n't have been * that * heavy . 
  we do n't know how strong togami is . 
  i saw this exact doll in an arcade near the london eye two days ago !, 
  i think i was already pleased enough with the baccano !, 
  and welcome to the nhk dvds i bought the day before . 
  his girlfriend is marcy d'arcy ? 
  oh my , thank you for this link . 
  if reddit was a german website , we 'd probably reference this series a lot more . 
  `` next time - '', 
  * panic attack *, 
  '' - i go to the optometrist ... '', 
  it was only two minutes in !, 
  why does my brain immediately make me become sad when i hear those words ? 
  are you saying this because he also sounded like moriarty at the end of a recent episode ? 
  that scene when kyon [ ] ( / s `` raised his fist '' ) was when i seriously started disliking her in some way . 
  the ray penber episode was the turning point for me . 
  i do n't know if it counts because the reason why i hate that person has n't occured in the anime ( which is an adaption of a game ) yet , but i 'm gon na say :, 
  [ danganronpa chapter 4 ] ( / s `` aoi asahina . '' ), 
   english is my first language . 
  i think i know how to pronounce english names better than a japanese va tyvm . 
  as if english was a language with consistent pronunciation . 
  here 's my thoughts on the pronunciation of titor :, 
  [ episode 14 spoiler ] ( / s `` at first , when they said `` john tee-tor '' in the english dub , i was surprised . 
  it sounded weird to me , but since there really is n't a correct pronunciation - because that name has only existed in written form - i did n't dismiss it as wrong . 
  but wait !, 
  one of the characters in steins ; gate is john titor and should say it correctly , right ? 
  i waited until suzuha first said the name out loud , and she actually pronounced it tie-tor . 
  i thought this was a really clever move of the dub ; only john titor herself pronounced the name correctly . 
  but from then on , any time suzuha said john titor , she pronounced it tee-tor . 
  why ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i was confused at that point . 
  maybe she just went along with okabe 's pronunciation of it . '' ), 
  * favorite anime : ** steins ; gate ** . 
  not too sure about that , though . 
  i just love it so much . 
  yes , even the first whatever episodes .
