  yes , and those people exist . 
  and it 's not their fault they want that . 
  it 's not wrong to want it ; it 's wrong to act upon it . 
  why would it have been more appropriate ? 
  jerry is the object of the sentence . 
  why would anyone want to cheese a fight ? 
  the owl . 
  i thought we were talking about `` whom i 've named jerry '' , which is the only instance of who or whom in this line of comments ? 
  oh shit because owls say who, 
  upvoted !!!!!!, 
  i did not know 1 and 2 were optional . 
  i thought you needed them to get to monomon !, 
  his reply was pretty normal , what are you talking about, 
  no kangaroos , only kuhlimuhs . 
  why did you think she should n't be watching it ? 
  that scene where everyone takes turns standing up and facing away from a guy to show disrespect really shows that the movie was made at a time when movies were still heavily influenced by theater . 
  remember that sweet transition that happens right afterwards ? 
  what time in the video ? 
  thanks you 're a cool boy, 
  thank you very much for the fast reply !, 
  solved !, 
  huh ? 
  no , the podracing scene was way earlier -, 
  oh he 's doing like a thing, 
  an assumption backed by statistics . 
  aside from that , the comment also was posted 2 seconds before the screenshot was made . 
  only the author themselves could be that fast unless someone got really good timing . 
  if anything , it feels like dubbing gives them more freedom to say whatever they want . 
  did he say anything to offend you ? 
  he just told you so you never have to ask again for any other anime . 
  he can play the way he wants , but if he does n't want permadeath , then why play the permadeath gamemode ? 
  yes , just try a few times and be good . 
  what i did was playing super meat boy from beginning to end every two years or so . 
  as another super meat boy fan , i believe you would have easily made it without hiveblood . 
  that regenerates your health , right ? 
  all you do is just try a few times . 
  the first times , the beginning will be hard , but then you 'll face a hard part later , but get there without taking damage . 
  it certainly helps that they give you invincible bugs on the way that you can recharge your soul with and pretty much replace hiveblood . 
  only dying twice is pretty damn impressive , though . 
  by the way , is n't it confirmed somewhere that cloth is male ? 
  or am i misremembering something ? 
  yeah , that 's what i meant !, 
  i still say `` she '' , though . 
  i did n't get isma 's tear at all in my first playthrough !, 
   the attack and jump buttons occupy the same thumb on the controller , so it 's really hard to hold attack button and jump simultaneously . 
  how did you jump while running when playing mario ? 
  i do n't think it counts as game breaking if you can fix it by reloading your save file and if it did n't even really break the game in the first place . 
  however , there are a lot of achievements that can be subsumed within the 100 % completion achievement . 
  i mean , it would still make sense , since there might be people who finish the journal but do n't have 100 % completion . 
  ( who does that , though ? ), 
  do thai lps often have this much editing ? 
  if you could n't get more , you would need to find literally every single ghost and it might be frustrating if you miss just one . 
  i do n't see how he did n't say what he needed help with . 
  he posted his stream that shows what the problem is , probably because it 's much simpler than putting it into words . 
  i know it seems like advertising , but i hardly see how it was rude . 
  stream chat also would have made way for easier interaction as well . 
   `` i 'm stuck '' still tells us nothing . 
  where is he stuck ? 
  what does he have ? 
  if you had watched the stream you would have found out . 
   it 's easy enough to just use words , op 's just being lazy and rude by refusing to . 
  ... but it 's easier to post your stream . 
  i do n't really see how it 's more effort to click a stream link than to read a paragraph detailing where he 's stuck . 
  it sounds like you find the fact that he picked the easier of two options `` rude '' , even though it should n't really matter to you . 
  especially since you do n't really need to help him . 
   the graphic portrayal of hannah 's actual suicide was unnecessary and potentially harmful to young people facing challenges, 
  aw , that was the most powerful scene in the show to me , though . 
  it really got the most emotion out of me , and was one of the highlights of the show . 
  i wo n't argue that it 's not potentially harmful ( because i do n't know enough about the matter ) , but it really was n't unnecessary . 
  i thought this was a show about a baker girl going to billy 's ? 
  going out to buy a tape player is still a more difficult process than just double-clicking an mp3 , though . 
  on the other hand , it is certainly less difficult than living through events that want to make you kill yourself . 
  i just wan na say that all of you are right . 
  why did n't you just do this in the first place lol, 
   uhm , no , most definitely ** not ** cgi . 
  can i ask where you got that idea ? 
  from looking at it . 
  it looks like cgi because of the depth or the shading or whatever . 
   anyone with a mustache looks like hitler, 
  is that a jojo reference, 
  it 's not even that hard . 
  and white palace is one of the best parts of the game . 
  there 's no next checkpoint in that , is there ? 
  it 's this just a case of sprites being mirrored when facing the other way ? 
  the combat in the game is fun and i quit the game when i did n't wan na try anymore . 
  i do n't see how an optional challenge for people looking for something hard can frustrate anyone . 
  i adore both , but i like the white palace more ( so i guess i `` hate '' the coliseum more ) , because of its atmosphere and how sort of hidden it is . 
  i also like difficult platforming more than difficult combat . 
  i do n't think captain disillusion does clips that are not supposed to fool us . 
  it made some combat easier , though !, 
  depending on how bad you are it might cancel out !, 
  hahahahaha i spit cum all over my computer screen, 
  oh come on , next you 're gon na say that gumshoe getting salary cuts is not a running gag because it only happens like 6 times in 40 cases . 
  maya being in prison is pretty much a cliche at this point . 
  i looked that they sometimes had the kim possible mustache . 
  the season switcher gives you access to a bajillion cheap and great upgrades and achievements . 
  i 've tried this and it feels like i get more cookies by just clicking most golden cookies and doing the entire grandmapocalypse . 
  do you prefer c or k ? 
  ghost trick, 
  do n't speak to me ever again,
