  the response to that will be `` you monster !!! '', 
  or something to that effect . 
  same thing every damn time . 
  i get what you mean . 
  sometimes , someone says something they ca n't know like `` i 'm sure you will make a great teacher ! '', 
  to someone mentioning they wan na become a teacher . 
  like , how do you know ? 
  those are just empty words that mean nothing . 
  most of that sub is great and i 'm glad i 'm subscribed to it , but things like that rub me the wrong way . 
  get out of here with that !, 
  the feels !, 
  `` your wife sounds great !, 
  it 's she single ? '', 
  hahahahhahhahahhahahhaha, 
  people pm each other on reddit ? 
  people without spatial awareness in general !, 
  did i mention littering ? 
  yes . 
  uncreative memes like you sometimes see on youtubehaiku are `` funny '' because `` oh , i 've seen this before !, 
  i 'm in on the joke !, 
  what you just did is almost just as unoriginal . 
  i wish i could, 
  i would say so . 
  it 's reddit in a sentence . 
  it 's from [ this ] ( http://m.imdb.com/title/tt0756882/quotes?qt=qt0494152 ) exchange . 
  pretty funny joke , made me laugh . 
  what 's funny about it is that they do n't say it a million times . 
  they never say it after that dialogue . 
  reddit seems to think saying something ten times is ten times as funny . 
  meanwhile on another thread : `` i hate it when they keep saying working hard or hardly working !!, 
  so uncreative !! '', 
  with 20 million upvotes . 
  guys ... 
  koffing = coughing, 
  weezing = sneezing, 
  what ? 
  you fucking idiot ? 
  i think it 's the sword that shulk uses in whatever game he is from . 
  i only know him from smash . 
  that 's like saying navi in ocarina of time is a great example of escort missions . 
  cool . 
  i did not understand that reference . 
  i know that , but what is `` i understand this reference '' a reference to ? 
   i actually know people like this, 
  there 's a whole website full of people like this !, 
  `` haha i was only pretending to be retarded '' is used after trolling someone , the point of which is that the other person is n't supposed to get that the first person was pretending . 
  this was just a joke . 
  everyone who reads it is supposed to understand it that way . 
  and i thought it was funny . 
  `` where is lincoln '' is a joke , because everyone knows lincoln died before videos were a thing , and the person responded as if the first guy was not joking . 
  what was the second guy 's joke ? 
  mmmh ... this better not awaken anything in me . 
  plumbus, 
  are n't both of those streaming sites ? 
  if you 're going to be an elitist over quality why would you refer him to streaming sites ? 
  that part ended up disappointing me , though . 
  vague spoilers for the last two episodes of 13 reasons why :, 
  oh yeah , absolutely , what number 12 did was unexpected ( to me ) and `` holy shit '' - worthy . 
  and that one scene in episode 13 in the bathtub just destroyed me . 
  did not expect them to show so much . 
  could you reread this comment thread ? 
  everything has already been said . 
  what kind of people do you talk to ? 
  people just stop listening when you speak ? 
  did you think the interviewer started making random reactions to himself ? 
  but that 's an irrelevant point . 
  that 's like writing `` yeah , but i do n't like the shirt he 's wearing '' . 
  i thought it was coming in late september ? 
  are n't there like three richards ?!, 
  and do n't moe and larry share a name ? 
  edit : bobby fulbright and robert hammond ? 
  you will still receive all the information , but in a way that is much less enjoyable . 
  she 's * that * kind of feminist . 
  she 's a feminist and the comment says she wants to piss off men , not just her ex . 
  many other feminists are like this , thankfully most are n't . 
  shit in front of your door affects your life negatively whether you `` use '' it or not . 
  do you have the get lucky upgrade yet for the golden cookies ? 
  ( unlocked after 77 gc clicks ), 
  i am doing a new playthrough of cookie clicker right now and i saved up for that for two hours or so ( while actively clicking golden cookies ) . 
  it makes a very big difference . 
  the effect of golden cookies lasts twice as long , so you can actually click a golden cookie while the effect of another golden cookie is going on , so the effects stack . 
  i disagree , but i 'm sure you 're really pretty and intelligent in real life !, 
  you 'll accomplish literally everything !, 
  i 've been banned from 4chan before . 
  it 's a reference to the video in the op and the video that is being posted all over the comments . 
  no videos of assault ? 
  can we please discuss what 's really important here ? 
  when bane says `` for you !, 
  '' , does he mean that he 's a big guy for you or that it will be very painful for you ? 
  `` so tiny ... '', 
  this is one of my favorite nichijou scenes , but they had to ruin the punchline by explaining the joke . 
  you have killed my discussion . 
  how fucking hard can it be to read the gigantic letters in the sidebar ? 
  the rule about police was one rule , you asked for the * other * rule that has nothing to with police . 
  of course there would be a subreddit devoted to a single joke . 
  you ca n't say `` what a twat '' directly * to * and at the same time * about * the person you 're speaking to . 
  yeah , it 's a meme . 
  it pops up when you do n't expect it , and it 's funny . 
  ( like in the op here ), 
  if you go on a subreddit with only the same meme , it gets boring .
