  wow that sarcasm tag was * soooo * necessary . 
  the animation in yuri on ice was pretty off-putting to me . 
  mob psycho 100 was super fluid and looked really good , but yoi was just weird looking . 
  i do n't know how to explain it . 
  i feel that the framerate was too low and that it did n't actually look like he was on the ice because something about the perspective was weird . 
  i 've only seen three episodes though so maybe it gets better . 
  miss me ? 
  only the known universe is . 
  i thought it was funny . 
  the same top comments every time this gets asked . 
  over and over and over . 
  every taunt is acceptable . 
  they are used the way they are meant to be used . 
  self referential , so a reference to something else . 
  wow, 
  `` you have blown me out of the water and i will kill your infant daughter . '', 
  do i hear the original audio in the background ? 
  how dare you, 
  dude , it 's one person making a reference to another person . 
  let 's not confuse each other with analogies here . 
  if we count `` reddit '' as one collective thing with different parts , we might as well extend that to humanity as a whole and call everything meta . 
  but he does n't see the twitch chat . 
  i would n't say the kid was teaching the piano to speak english . 
  i 'd say it was the guy at 1:45 . 
  every time he says bee he accelerates . 
  the last / p / sound was very nice . 
  much in much fewer is modifying the fewer-ness , which is uncountable . 
  shut up mayuuuuuuh, 
  as a german speaking train , i only understand bahnhof . 
  but is he or anyone going to press charges ? 
  now you 're just arguing against a standpoint that nobody is supporting . 
  so was it racist in the sentence `` i do n't understand how this answers the question of : why is the word `` nigger '' racist if it 's not directed at anyone and used for comedy '' ? 
  you do n't obstruct your airways when you say w. that 's only the case with vowels . 
  you do close your lips a little bit , though , so it 's a consonant . 
  why ? 
  oh come the fuck on . 
  that 's the dumbest thing to say when anyone criticizes anything . 
  are parents who are not okay with `` damn it '' okay with `` darn it '' ? 
  it 's not meta . 
  the word lost its meaning when redditors suddenly started calling every reference meta just because they saw it on reddit . 
  every reference that is not a movie or a book or tv show is a meta reference , because it would refer to something like a video or a picture , and if they are popular , they were posted on reddit . 
  maybe it 's because the guy said `` in d minor '' and it sounds like he 's bragging with his musical knowledge but i have n't really ever seen the name of the piece * without * `` in d minor '' . 
  yeah , i know it would be incorrect , but all i did was explain why dumb people would think he was acting `` verysmart '' . 
  i feel like the person posting this here got wooshed by the `` asshole '' in that picture . 
  we 're sorry , but this video is not available in your region due to right restrictions . 
  he thinks before saying `` seven '' , but not before saying `` fifty '' , which is where the joke would be . 
  no , the upvotes are by normal people who can detect that you know that carrie fisher and debbie reynolds were not little known actors who died at 111 . 
  yeah , that was fucked up . 
  i finished it like four times and it 's still fun . 
  here 's the thing . 
  he will never come back . 
  why are the best posts on this sub always hagrid-related ? 
  pegging with a mirror would be amazing . 
  a political joke ?!, 
  that 's just a `` that guy looks orange '' joke . 
  a good one , but not political . 
  oh i get the joke now whoops, 
  he probably did n't think it was needed because it 's extremely fucking obvious . 
  when did this dumb trend start ? 
  i did n't see it this much a year ago . 
  lucahjin is that old ? 
  `` prepare to make this transition '', 
  during the transition between scenes asaasdasdadfafd, 
  * during the halftime *, 
  yeah , but the ending is only like a percent of the arc . 
  the ending was great , but the arc could have been way shorter without losing any information * or * any sort of emotional value . 
  why the hell would they even start looking shit up before trying to do * anything * ?!, 
  `` how do i beat hooktail ? '', 
  with your attacks, 
   they 're a girl, 
   they 're, 
  is n't `` they '' for plural and for when you do n't know someone 's gender ? 
  `` they are a girl '' seems a bit contradictory , but maybe i 'm missing something here . 
  the point that it 's grammatically correct ? 
  i never said it was n't , but it just seems so weird to me . 
  it 's that a normal thing in the english language ? 
  saying they when you know someone 's gender ? 
  it 's not my first language , so i am really wondering . 
  the night on the last between of april in which witches get together or something . 
  walpurgisnacht is not * from * an anime . 
  lol, 
  i 'm calling it here : chapter 4 will have them try to guess the villain 's name that they read in a walkthrough , but they do n't have the letter p , so arin gets all confused and says * what the fuuuuuck ?!, 
  yes , it would have been way better . 
  who the hell reads a walkthrough before even starting the fight just because they 're afraid of failing ? 
  what 's so bad about restarting a short fight when they just saved 20 seconds before it ? 
  i 'm sure someone speaking shakespearean in modern times would n't sound weird at all !, 
   when the gender of whomever was previously under question . 
  that 's a good point , actually . 
  wearing a seat belt increases your chance of dying from getting eaten by a shark . 
  that reveal with him in the cemetery was just for the die-hard fans who look really closely . 
  an average person would never have noticed that !, 
  that person in the cemetery could have been sherlock , yes , but to a casual viewer it might as well have been a regular old praying mantis . 
  or just do n't come up with something original and use the title of the video itself . 
  like , seriously , these people are making an effort to change the title to something that ruins the surprise . 
  oh man , the german language does sound really aggressive and nazi-like !, 
  haha !, 
  oh wait , spongebob is yelling in this scene and is aggressive by default . 
  and the audio quality is really bad towards the end , which reminds us of all the hitler speeches that also had bad audio quality . 
  they can just cut out the failed attempt . 
  or make the episode longer .
