  what, 
  that analogy did not help your case at all . 
  the guy who 's like `` in a spitting match nobody spits like gaston '' . 
  this is the only chapter in which one can have a general idea of when it ends . 
  they are fighting their way to the top and you see their rank all the time . 
  nah , yuri is two women  ), 
  christian bale freaked out and yelled at a guy for adjusting the lights during a take . 
  there are recordings of it . 
  what the fuck, 
  these are 10 times better than any of the english ones . 
   ellie , now we truly are ... 
  the last of us . 
  seriously , naughty dog ? 
  and because they are n't based on mispronouncing the words , i guess . 
  there are grumpout videos that are more like this cupcake video and less like how bout this game . 
  annef rankly i did nazi that foming, 
  ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo, 
  wait , could you actually earn money from a clip like this ? 
  is the change at the end enough for it to fall under fair use ? 
  what the hell is with the thumbnail ? 
  is there anyone in this thread who would have made a less bad decision when choosing a picture ? 
  no , seriously , go ahead and be honest . 
  no because that is fucking adorable and warms my heart, 
  try again fucker, 
  you know what ? 
  i think `` twilight town '' would have been a great title for this episode . 
  it just seems so correct . 
  you hear that , editors ? 
  use `` poshley heights '' in your thumbnail next episode . 
  if you want you can post it anyway as a response to this comment . 
  it 's kira yoshikage 's theme . 
  sounds like some sort of quiz game . 
  actually , `` shine thrower '' is the german word for floodlight . 
  edit : for headlight , not for floodlight . 
  the video is fake . 
  it 's just actors playing roles . 
  it 's a simpsons joke too . 
  not exactly the most original joke ever . 
  is this the original dialogue ? 
  okay , it 's not the original dialogue . 
  edgy, 
  yeah , i also `` finally found it '' on some obscure website named amazon just now . 
  do n't know if i should trust it but i 'll give it a try . 
  or or what if we remove the word `` sherlock '' and put `` thanks , captain obvious !!!! '', 
  instead !, 
   alright i 'll bite, 
  i hope that 's the first time you said * that * , though . 
  i got the was-was , but read `` bouta '' as `` boo-tah '' or something and esentially read the whole sentence in a caveman voice . 
  i do n't think it 's supposed to be a secret . 
  it 's not sarcasm ; it 's a joke . 
  but it does n't have the same sound . 
  it 's just the same letters . 
  in `` think '' , it 's voiceless . 
  in `` the '' , it 's voiced . 
  ey he 's clearly going outside man, 
  \u00c4h hallo ? 
  how ? 
  aaah , i thought it spawned based on how far you are under the level the old man is at . 
  at least `` fart '' does n't put a picture in my head . 
   obvious, 
   still needs an / s, 
   fucking allison brie and emma stone ? 
  he 's probably just listing women who have been in funny things . 
  community is funny . 
  annie 's lines in that are funny . 
  how funny community and la la land were is n't really on them , though . 
  ( only partly ! ), 
  that was a very cathartic moment . 
  yeah , do n't check it out and form your own opinion . 
  listen to this random redditor . 
  no , she ca n't . 
  we 're just reading what is being said , not what 's being heard . 
  the fact that some people want a challenge irritates you ? 
  yeah , it 's like saying they do n't want the solution to a puzzle spelled out for them because of their `` pride '' . 
  i love how the satiric 4chan post was using qt 3.14 because it 's nerdy and fedora-like but reddit just actually thinks it 's unironically funny and clever . 
  just shows how far the joke explaining culture of reddit has come . 
  whenever there is a joke that is n't spelled out , there is a comment that quotes , explains and praises the joke . 
  probably just to show everyone that they got the joke . 
  is `` fuck this gay earth '' in the original ? 
  he was faking positivity and acted like he knows what the other person looks like . 
  i think he 'll be right at home in that sub . 
  and you 're whining in a comment section that you do n't like about the comments around you . 
  you do n't have to comment either if you do n't like the other comments . 
  or maybe we could just comment whenever we do n't like something because we do n't want the comment section to become an echochamber . 
  sounds more like you 're simply referencing being in a taxi . 
  is your name a jojo reference ? 
  did you not notice how all the others only posted part of the song, 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lnl6t-eu-iy ) is my favorite version . 
  it 's just completely serious until the one sound effect happens . 
  this subreddit is n't exclusively funny videos . 
   it 's like , i still think i was right but i just have to say i 'm wrong without believing it . 
  that 's not really how it works . 
  if you do that , it 's just the other person , who does n't want to admit that * they 're * wrong , bullying you into admitting that you 're wrong even if you do n't think you are . 
  `` not admitting you 're wrong '' is only a problem if you actually realize you 're wrong . 
  i guessed is `` want to hear ' a joke ' in english ? '' . 
  what, 
  why would someone respond `` a shoe '' to that ? 
  the problem is that we already have other words for what trolling describes nowadays , like flaming . 
  on the flipside , there wo n't be a word for what trolling used to describe anymore . 
  was arbeitest du ?
