  she only did it once, 
  ah , i was confused by `` actually being pregnant '' . 
  what is even happening here ? 
  there is none , if no other crimes are being committed . 
  eating boogers . 
  do n't knock it until you try it !, 
  someone in here is gon na hit the jackpot when the person they mention dies tomorrow . 
  do n't forget to post videos if there are any good ones !, 
  elaborate . 
  how do you tittyfuck an eight year old ? 
  break her shoulders . 
  there is no cross on the picture . 
  when would that ever be your intention, 
  dude 3 times 4 is 12 and you 'll never guess what 4 times 3 is !, 
  why do n't they make it so you have to win a game to get a crate ? 
  i do agree with the fact that it 's sort of unfair that he 's being fined for damage that other people have done . 
  cuz it says no spoilers, 
  because it 's extremely over the top . 
  oh yeah , totally . 
  i do n't even read theory threads anymore . 
  it 's not like he invited 400 people to his house . 
  from what i understood , the party got out of hand , which i 'm assuming means that people at the party invited more people , and so on . 
  he could have used a megaphone and yelled `` get out of the house !, 
  there are too many people here now !, 
  '' , but that would only cause people to go outside to the place where the actual damage ended up happening . 
  would that have been his fault in that case too ? 
  you should n't hold someone responsible for inviting people because `` he should have known they would destroy things '' . 
  who gets the blame if i destroy some cars in the parking lot of a disco i go to ? 
  does the owner of the disco get the blame ? 
  i only went there because they opened the disco and i only destroyed the car because i got drunk in the disco . 
  the reason he did n't learn his lesson is because nobody made a proper attempt to make him understand why he was at fault for the destruction . 
  of course he thinks he 's in the right !, 
  nobody has proved him wrong !, 
  saying `` the law says this '' does n't really help . 
  he 's inciting a party , with drinking , laughing , kissing , and maybe puking . 
  destruction of property is n't inherently a part of `` partying '' , right ? 
  true , you 'd have to assume that some people are gon na be shitty , i guess . 
  it 's so sad that you have to expect the worst in people to protect yourself , though !, 
  no , it 's not sexist . 
  if you acted the same way as a guy , people would call you the dad of gamegrumps . 
  button, 
  oh shut the fuck up, 
  the first thing that crossed my mind was joseph joestar . 
   a shrine spirit thing was wearing a rice hat and they called it racist, 
  okay , to be fair , this is totally something i would do , but not in all seriousness . 
  majora 's mask 3d is pretty hand holdy in that regard . 
  the bombers walk up to you and give you hints on what to do . 
  wow , uncalled for , dude . 
  i was joking . 
  let 's just appreciate the fact that he did the best he could with what he had !, 
  and now everyone is complaining about complaining about it !, 
  so by telling them you are dutch , you :, 
  1 ) showed them that you are n't offended since it was addressed at americans . 
  2 ) supported their `` americans do n't eat healthy '' argument . 
  did n't he say raised in the first place ? 
  wait ... huh ? 
  one thing i love about this gif is that everyone has a different favorite bunny !, 
  mine is the one in the far left . 
  how could you interpret that as wanting people to correct him ? 
  i 've never seen a matpat video i liked . 
  the `` what if link is dead in majora 's mask '' video was the first one i saw and the impression it gave me was bad enough , the sans is ness was just meme material , same as the pope thing , and then there was the video where he said overwatch is better than tf2 because tf2 only has white male characters . 
  ( he does address the demoman ), 
  and then he made this super dramatic video in which he cries about people making fun of him for the sans video . 
  really , dude ? 
  you 're just a meme . 
  take it with some humor . 
  play along or something . 
  it literally is a double subversion . 
  played straight : ga ` ran is super evil looking and mean . 
  subversion : ga ` ran is super evil looking and mean , but then you prove that amara faked her death , did some body switching , covered up evidence , and she finally admits that she is the real killer . 
  double subversion : ga ` ran is super evil looking and mean , but then you prove that amara faked her death , did some body switching , covered up evidence , and she finally admits that she is the real killer . 
  however , you see through that lie and figure out that it was ga ` ran all along . 
  this was my thought process while playing it too . 
  `` it 's probably ga ` ran '' --  `` oh shit , it 's amara ! '', 
  --  `` oh , it actually * was * ga ` ran ! '', 
  lol . 
  at first i watched the beginning of the gif , but then i watched its ending . 
  nice one hahaha . 
  but how can he know that ? 
  did you tell him your life story ? 
  fiiiiiinally . 
  i 've been posting my reactions to the cases ever since case 1 came out !, 
  ( almost at the same time as apollo justice case 5 came out , i believe ), 
  no , that 's just a crutch for dumb people . 
  was the `` captain anti-white '' joke a reference to the fact that people complained about them calling something racist in their previous video ? 
  hey , she 's been in some videos of his before as a disembodied head !, 
  i 'm pretty sure she was in the one about the `` water trick '' or something . 
  yeah , because the punchline to a joke should totally be an explanation of the joke . 
  right ? 
  why would a redditor have sex ? 
  huffing paint, 
  `` these are all just theoretical situations '' was funnier than all of the jokes in the video . 
  what is so hard about this mission ? 
  i played the steam version so maybe something is different but it really does n't seem like a problem . 
  is n't it optional ? 
  of course it has rotational controls on keyboard . 
  you use wasd and numpad to do everything . 
  the same formulaic , uncreative patterns that get repeated because redditors remember what gets upvoted in previous threads . 
  somebody mentions full metal alchemist in a reddit thread ? 
  the top response will be `` ed ... ward ... '' .
