  seriously , if [ giant code geass season 1 spoiler ] ( / s `` nunnally had n't rolled in , for how long would nina have ravished that table ? '' ), 
  they did n't and they did n't . 
  nine , because the nineth lion eats the sun . 
  upvotes to you good sir !!, 
  you are a very handsome man . 
  you think i 'm just gon na get up from my computer and walk over two meters to my vita to buy the game !? 
  i do n't wan na walk that far !, 
  fucking insensitive prick !, 
  it 's not like he was talking directly to her or anyone involved . 
  i ca n't speak for everyone , but i do n't even know the woman . 
  it goes without saying that we feel bad for her , but instead of writing the 30th comment saying `` my condolences , my heart goes out to her '' that only other commenters who write the same things will read , he asked a question to which i actually wan na know the answer to . 
  now that i 've stated that i feel sad for this woman i do n't know ( and hey , i feel sad for everything bad that happens to anyone else i do n't know , give me karma ) , i 'd really like to know how this will affect her work for danganronpa . 
  * swoon *, 
  what about that blonde guy from s04e12 ? 
  towards the end i thought it was going to be a three fiddy story . 
  why does he keep switching to the boomerang ? 
  his point is that there is indeed a word for zero , but they chose a word that just resemples a zero . 
  an o resembles a zero , and an egg resembles a zero . 
  it adds an element of pure luck into the game for no reason . 
  and that kinda sucks for most people . 
  getting killed by random crits is frustrating and killing someone with random crits does n't feel rewarding , since it 's just luck/the gun/the game that killed the person , not me . 
  the fact that it 's part of the game * is * the problem . 
  good thing reddit servers have them turned off , i guess . 
  i played 3 , vc , sa , 4 and 5 but so far i 've had the most fun dicking around in 5 . 
  not just the multiplayer , but just driving around the world feels so good . 
  i know that some people like them . 
  i responded to a guy who asked why people cry about them . 
  of course my comment is centered around myself and other people who dislike them , because * that 's what the comment was about . 
  it 's more like tripping in super smash brothers . 
  you play normally and suddenly you get a disadvantage because of some random number generation . 
  but maybe i 'm just saying that because i hate tripping and random crits , but never play ssb without items . 
  let 's say i 'm a pyro in combat with an engineer . 
  i see him and i know that he sees me , but i have enough health and time to run up to him and burn/airblast/flaregun combo him to kill him . 
  now the engy can either be stupid and stay while shooting at me or he could run away and rely on a teammate . 
  it 's like , uh , let 's say chess . 
  positioning and stuff . 
  planning . 
  you see the circumstances of the fight and know who will probably win if you do n't fuck up . 
  and then the engy just fires a random crit and you die on the way to him . 
  you ca n't `` adapt '' to something like that . 
  the only way to do that is to either stay in spawn for the whole game to avoid them or to stealth your way through the enemy base which is impossible but can work one out of ten thousand times . 
  you do n't know when random crits will come . 
  you ca n't react to random crits because the whole problem with them is that they will most likely instantly kill you and you do n't know there 's a random crit until after it has been fired . 
  imagine chess , but every once in a while a little noise comes out of the chessboard that signifies that the current player can move one of his pawns like a queen for the turn . 
  not the best example , of course , but i hope that helps you understand why they feel frustrating to me and others . 
  i know some people like them . 
  i do n't care . 
  i only play on one server anyway , and that is a nocrit server . 
  i just explained why people cry about it . 
  great point . 
  you are also a poopyhead . 
  `` i play on a no-crit server because i 've tried servers with random crits and i do n't like it . '', 
  `` you get mad at video games . '', 
  i agree with your unstated premise that you accept your fate as a poopyhead . 
  you are responding to things nobody ever said because you do n't even read the posts you respond to . 
  listen , here 's the thing . 
  even if you had been wrong , it would have been irrational and dickish to blame you for it . 
  so someone else saw it !, 
  although she only had five when they cut back to it ? 
  or not ? 
  i was so confused . 
  why do so many people think that this comment is meant to be taken seriously ? 
  i only watch king of zimbabwe . 
  chapter 9 : the part where he kills you, 
  bane ? 
  are you guys quoting an abridged series ? 
  yeah , i 'm buying clothes . 
  why are you saying words like `` they '' and `` we '' for everything ? 
  i never played zelda 1 . 
  i like ocarina of time because it 's a fun game to play , not because i compare it to another game i like , however that works . 
   the problem is , navi clearly pushes you in a specific direction , so the vast majority of players do forest -  fire -  water -  shadow -  spirit, 
  for years , i did n't know that you could do shadow before spirit . 
  even the medallions in the inventory are in the spirit -  shadow order . 
  are you sure that navi pushes you to do shadow before spirit ? 
  i do n't know how i got the idea to do spirit first as a kid . 
  maybe i just explored ( or knew the order from someone else before i actually played that far ) . 
  at least they did n't cut off his dick . 
  what happened ? 
  i think that 's america . 
   did n't want to defend sequelitis , 
  good, 
  i also say thanks as a medic when people do n't run into spawn to heal themselves , but instead let me heal them for faster \u00dcbercharge . 
  how did it know to write `` its front body '' and not just `` its front '' ? 
  what item is that ? 
  the ice rod or something ? 
  where 's that from ? 
  edit : nevermind : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zayolheog2i, 
  yes , the `` touch '' is english . 
  just imagine one of your straight buddies . 
  now imagine he just happens to be attracted to dudes . 
  okay , i forgot to mention he has to be regular in the first place . 
  release date of what, 
  that looks like you 're castling . 
  did that teach him a lesson ? 
  i mean , yeah , he was a dick , but did being forced to clean the school for free somehow change his mind about it being the janitor 's job ? 
  it 's not like janitor 's are forced to be janitors . 
  it would have been `` justice '' , as another poster put it , if the kid had gotten extra homework or something , because it 's his job to do homework . 
  the kid may shut up in the future , and that 's all that counts for some people , but he wo n't think he was wrong about it . 
  depends on how you define `` full of '' . 
  i think people just did n't like his ama because he only wanted to answer rampart related questions .
