  i thought `` hey , let 's see if they have a few undertale entries . '', 
  nope . 
  they have an entire page dedicated to it . 
  ( in this case : developer 's foresight . ), 
  this is the correct link :, 
  there are a few really good ones i 've never heard of in there . 
  inb4 omg haha tvtropes warning u will lose ur laif, 
  take it to the surface with you . 
  anything else makes you a meanie . 
  as far as i know ( and i think it 's also on the [ page i posted earlier ] ( http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/developersforesight/undertale ) ) you can get another piece of the snowman in case you ate one by just returning to him . 
  although , if you just outright eat a piece of him in front of him , he will not give you any more pieces and remember that your heart is as cold as his butt . 
  weird . 
  i could have sworn i just copypasted the url of the working page i read that stuff on . 
  thanks !, 
  thsnks !, 
  now that i understand the intricacies of these memes i do n't have to construct my own sentences for comments anymore !, 
  with these trendy memes i am sure to get effortless karma !, 
  well said . 
  you , sir , are a gentleman and a scholar . 
  sorry , i only speak to gentlemen and sailors . 
  i am proud of myself for figuring out that it 's the letter c we do n't need during the time he gave us to think . 
  yup . 
  there 's just no point in asking `` why ? '', 
  when talking about language . 
  it just became like that !, 
  do n't judge the poor language !, 
  tsh . 
  he 's a dandy guy . 
  in , uh , abe . 
  wait , how were they in english ? 
  what ? 
  dude , i needed a long time to remember this , too . 
  the guy with the higher voice is matt , and he is the one on the left in the picture . 
  pat is the one with the lower voice , not in the picture , and the one with the red hair and beard . 
  then theres the black, 
   you will not find `` good quality version that is subbed '', 
   here , took be about 5 minutes ( you/your friend did n't do your/his job ), 
  i 've found that one already but this one is , like you said , not * good * good quality , but i guess if no recordings of the psvita version exist , this will have to do . 
  i thought maybe there 's a guy that played the official western release for youtube , just with japanese voices , because i thought there were more anti-dub elitists in this world . 
  edit : aaaaah , bunlapin down below found a good one !, 
  this is * exactly * what i 'm looking for , thank you very very much !, 
  my go-to midnight snack is something like a schnitzelsemmel . 
  edit : downvotes ? 
  really ?!, 
  i think he means it 's the first time anyone 's ever beaten him without being hit . 
  for some reason , i found the last three seconds of the video to be hilarious . 
  welcome to my lecture !, 
  yup , it 's literally nothing !, 
  and it 's not going to be anything , either !, 
  is n't that a spoiler in your post title ? 
  where 's my fucking weather radio, 
  i do n't need 16 sextants, 
  what 's temmie 's favorite river ? 
  the volga river !!, 
  why ? 
  because i asked her . 
  it 's also the normal fighting theme . 
  not sure why it 's so hard for you . 
  the genocide run if a lot of fun and most the monsters are free exp . 
  defeating determined people who think you can stop you like the only two boss enemies that actually pose a challenge is incredibly satisfying . 
  seeing the passionate fire in their eyes go out if amazing . 
  i found it after watching one and a half episodes . 
  it 's not even a gibbous , though !, 
  get it together !, 
  i was n't in that much of a hurry to get it . 
  i eventually got it before i even `` finished '' the game . 
  i believe i caught one of them just below the shoulder blade . 
  i was rather lucky , in fact . 
  my first thrust went right between their ribs . 
  their flesh was so soft . 
  my knife slid in so easily ... 
  there was no resistance . 
  that feeling was ... 
  i confess , i feel rather excited . 
  it is a. . . powerful, 
  memory . 
  someday , perhaps , i hope i can feel it again . 
  yeah , but that 's a crescent . 
  for me he killed himself because i beat it on neutral once and then played through the game without killing anyone after flowey telling me i should . 
  he does it because he believes you are the savior of the underground . 
  he gives you his soul so you can get out and seek the truth to help them . 
  she does keep calling you if you wait for her , though . 
  jenka 's five dogs that you have to collect in the sand zone . 
  they are annoying to collect , but the dogs themselves are total bros. 
  i thought it was gon na go like this :, 
  * you want to leave so badly ? 
  * yeah , the wi-fi sucks here . 
  the protagonist faces the screen and has a jerry face . 
  * yyyyyeeeeah , please leave my home . 
  you know that plural is n't a gender , right ? 
  chara 's / frisk 's gender is whatever you want it to be . 
  yes , but `` one person '' is n't a gender either . 
  it 's literally the pronoun for when you do n't want to or are n't able to specify a gender . 
  i saw it as the person who called him being the crush . 
  it 's a reference to a unidan comment , where he argued with a girl about jackdaws being crows or not . 
  i always thought he did n't do that to her , but they just sorta found out around that time . 
  killing enemies is griefing now . 
  wasps do n't live in hives , do they ? 
  when i viewed your post from the subreddit page , the post was selected ( i guess it gets selected when you view what 's inside the text post ) . 
  i tried the konami code to see what it did , and the a button upvotes selected posts .
