give me schneider or death !, 
  paulaner is pretty much the most inoffensive non-descript middle-of-the-road weizen . 
  quoting it as an example of german beer superiority is a bad idea . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6tejsb/american_tourist_gives_nazi_salute_in_germany_is/dlk7prg  people protecting it probably are [ rechts ] themselves funny how this is just one comment above yours . 
   now you have people who willingly sign up for it because they like guns , violence and money . 
  are you two people ? 
  because that 's the exact kind of nonsense you were criticizing above . 
   unodc ( united nations office on drugs and crime ) reported a global average intentional homicide rate of 6.2 per 100,000 population for 2012, 
  if i did n't know better , i 'd think all of these comments were ironically ironic . 
  why charge someone with a nonexistent crime ? 
   great hefeweise and pils , but anything else is not their forte just to document this for posterity , when you inevitably come to realize your error . 
  this was in dresden . 
  thanks to saying things like `` it 's incredibly common '' . 
  any army base i 've ever been at , the oldest things was the crappy 70s wood paneling ( if you do n't include the equipment ) . 
  and sometimes , when you have antifa setting your friends on fire , you want to throw a punch . 
  where does that get us ? 
  nowhere . 
  they implied that the user had claimed that they knew `` all gypsies '' by what they said , but there is zero indication of that . 
  the only other interpretation is that it was a complete non sequitur , but that 's not a viable premise for reading what people say to each other . 
  at least four people just upvoted you for calling someone a racist who did nothing but point out that the post above was illogical . 
  amazing . 
  it 'll be fun to see how much more polarized our societies can get during the next few decades - wonder when we 'll be back to full-on street warfare . 
  _ wickie _ , too ?!, 
  what the _ fuck ? 
  huh , they tag themselves now ? 
  that will be useful . 
   but nobody 's mentioned 10 million   are we entitled to better lives because of where we were born ? 
  that includes _ everyone _ , period . 
  how productive of you , that 's sure to change everybody 's minds . 
  i do n't care about ideologies , any solution that is very obviously completely unworkable can be dismissed regardless of its theoretical foundation . 
  and i 'm not arrogant enough to claim i have an idea how to solve this issue , legions of people way smarter and knowledgeable than me have been unsuccessful with that for a very long time . 
  and you demand i solve in a throwaway three-liner on reddit what they 've been unable to do , or otherwise accept such obvious bullshit as above ( plus you get to insult me ) ? 
  how does someone become like that ? 
  wait , they ca n't even have guns for self defense ? 
  that seems incredibly short-sighted . 
   god forbid these people manage to have slightly less shitty lives . 
  you can extend that argument to several billion people on the planet . 
  hope you have a big house . 
   i was referring to us/canadian culture . 
  so why are you claiming that `` a lack of positive role models '' , something not specific to your culture , is responsible for negative indian stereotypes , something that 's apparently not universally true in the west ? 
  i know they beat that sentence into your heads over there , but this seems like a very obvious contradiction . 
  to add to that , the people who complain about `` lack of positive representation '' are usually very upset about the positive stereotypes about east asians ; you citing that when the outcome appears to be the opposite seems like an even more obvious contradiction . 
   i do n't know much about the uk , but in the us there has been a strong shift among the jobless , fat , virgin computer nerd crowd , to which / u/freeradical5 belongs go find someone else to jack off with , i do n't find your type particularly alluring . 
  those are stereotypes in germany ? 
  i know they are in the uk and us , but i never heard any of those here . 
  and if there were no positive stereotypes about india , why would people be drawn to yoga or ayurveda so much ? 
  not to mention the hippie trail , something that must have left its cultural marks as these people are now our elders . 
  plus there is n't any kind of common stigma associated with it that i can think of , which is very different from the middle east . 
  holy cows , overly spicy food and cheap computer scientists - there are worse stereotypes to have . 
  wehrhafte demokratie , like it or not . 
   for instance , they pushed the narrative that many , if not most , of the people coming were highly qualified experts that would help boost our economy . 
  and few of them asked how that 's even relevant in the case of refugees . 
  for most political affiliations , helping refugees is basically a duty , but for most of those , it 's purely a humanitarian issue and how you profit from it is irrelevant . 
  it 's absurd that `` we can make money from this '' came to be a left-wing perspective and was so widely propagated . 
  or at least it 's absurd if you think everybody who said that actually meant it , the reality is probably much more complicated and would be tremendously interesting for any psychologist with the balls to study it . 
  i do n't doubt that there was a small core which was making a joke , but that was ( as usual ) completely lost on 99 % of those who were yelling `` schulz train '' at every opportunity . 
  internet germans ( not germans on the internet , i mean / r/de users and such ) appear to be even more allergic to subtlety than the other internet peoples . 
   the greens also fit into the liberal conservative categoryt . 
  what ? 
  maybe in bw and in a limited way , and the realo wing tends toward the center , but conservative as a party ? 
  no way . 
  it 's funny that people are downvoting you , that point has been repeated by reputable sources for years now . 
  merkel has killed off any challengers within her party , pretty much made the spd invisible in the grand coalition and stepped in when the smaller parties did n't manage to make themselves irrelevant . 
  there really is n't any choice - who would be capable of inheriting her throne , sahra wagenknecht ? 
  people noticed that there is actually nothing remote remarkable , inspiring or promising in him , he 's pretty much as faceless as any other spd politician at the moment . 
  some just tried to meme him into the office because they thought that 's why trump won . 
  there are plenty of nude beaches in the south as well . 
  i was kinda struck by how much the american internet had influenced my moral sense when i was briefly taken aback by a nude man sunbathing his ( frankly gigantic ) schlong in the middle of a group of children at a lake nearby . 
    well it was a few weeks since the last one . 
  -  they completely ignored that incident even though it happened less than 2 months ago . 
  you should really focus your energy a bit . 
  as if you actually cared one bit about the distances involved ... you sound like a third grader saying `` nu-uh , it 's actually your momma who is fat because she weighs three pounds more than mine ! '', 
  i have more respect for any 14yo anarchist than for people like you , at least they have the balls to stand by an actual opinion ... 
  i do n't think i swiped my bank or credit card in years . 
  it really is time you got out of europe . 
  this is embarrassing even for your standards . 
  yes , the israelis should just learn from the obviously superior german system . 
  iow , they became the cdu . 
  well , at least in the one place where they 're successful . 
  this is the kind of crap i 'm talking about . 
  i passed the world-weary cynicism phase a decade ago , thanks ... 
  we were promised that logic and reason would lead us to a bright new future a few hundred years ago , and these people are doing everything in their powers to prevent that from happening . 
  i have a right to be pissed . 
  yes , definitely . 
   / r/europe where gays ca n't make a satire joke and `` nazi germany was a great country ... by one defenition of great '' . 
  literacy is at an all time low since the www became popular , it seems . 
  how far up your own ass do you have to be to use that comment as evidence of this sub being right-wing ? 
  you 're grasping at straws just to feel persecuted for a minute . 
  this is to humor as the daily mail is to journalism . 
  technically , it is part of it , but come on . 
  but yeah , guess i 'm just butthurt ... 
  no , itt people surprisingly recognizing that they are shooting themselves in the foot in several different manners . 
   we love tourists . 
  we love that people from all over the world are interested in our culture and whatnot . 
  tell that to these people . 
  all i 'm receiving is `` stay the fuck out of our country '' , which i 'll continue to do . 
  yes , but theoretically , it 's still feasible . 
  it just increases the difficulty . 
  if you piss of the right people , `` it 's feasible '' is more important than `` it 's difficult '' . 
  bitcoin is n't untraceable , it 's just enough of an effort that it 's not done if you buy an ounce of weed with it .
