i hate these maps ... always full of midly annoying errors ... ellen in france is spelled helenne . 
  once again ... basque country spreads to france . 
  1k/month is a 30m2 flat in paris ... 
  the last golden age we got was under napeoleon bonaparte i 'd say . 
  he did conquer a pretty big chunk of europe only 200 years ago . 
  just saying . 
  fucking armagnac , the best alcohol my country has to offer . 
  fuck cognac , drink armagnac . 
  basque country spread to france so does the independantist fight . 
  corsica , like wtf is n't there and maybe you should have included brittany , not sure about this one tho . 
  if only ... 
  i do n't think he 'll be going to jail ... 
  this is all gon na die soon and we wo n't hear about it again until the next time something he did blows up in his face . 
  but with friends everywhere , i do n't expect him to be condemned . 
  the european federation, 
  i get that ahah especially when you 're expecting chorizo ahah, 
  haha nice story . 
  i would ` nt say that andouillette has a weird or surprising taste tho ... laybe a bit strong but fuck roasted andouillettes with mustard sauce and homemade frenchfries ... are you not satisfied ? 
  i do n't know of anu unknown french delicacy ... or maybe i do : l' [ andouillette ] ( http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/andouillette ) !, 
  smell like shit , looks like shit , taste like heaven . 
  when i heard the news about the shooting i was `` what ? 
  belgians are supposed to be cool people wtf ! '', 
  i have my answer now . 
  why am i not surprised ... 
  paris is only half accurate ... source : i 'm parisian . 
  i 'm sincerely amazed you got 5 upvotes for this comment ... 
  i 'm living in north paris where the majority of romas is and they are not a nuisance . 
  they are annoying sometimes , but that 's it . 
  there is no problem there . 
  i would be inclined to make a comment about austria and the way you 're thinking , but the godwin point would be too obvious . 
  roms are only a ` media ' problem in france . 
  we have only 16.000 roms living in france ( 65 millions inhabitants ) . 
  they are not a threat , they are not everywhere , they are just a great way to stimulate the national pride and pat the far right wing voters in the back . 
  this is a non issue . 
  in all fairness , the note was leaked while being put out of order by the new mayor ... 
  yes i am . 
  come at me bro . 
  wait what ? 
  give the cajuns back to quebec !, 
  ai n't no frenchman got time for that . 
  ok , you can keep louisiana and the statue , we have a cuter smaller version at home anyway . 
  for louisiana , we 'll just wait for a small civil war and we 'll grab it back russian style . 
  did you know that 70 % of the louisiana population have notions of french and are from french descent ? 
  i mean , it worked for crimea ... 
  ah , thanks for the answer tho !, 
  oh god , where i hear the name ghandi nowadays , i 'm struck by fear ... thanks civilization . 
  i did n't even know it existed ... i 'm quite angry at it , i was n't disrespecting the table as much as the chess board . 
  i 'll be available after their 3pm nap . 
  you . 
  well , that 's a great move you did there . 
  how do you plan on getting out of your prison island ? 
  check mate . 
  is it possible to have more than one flair ? 
  germany does have some hate going on ... for the last 70 years . 
  you 're drunk australia , go back to oceania . 
  so uk , you siding with germany and austria now ? 
  what have you become ... be careful tho , we do n't need boats to invade you know , we 'll just take the subway !, 
   got room for one more red , white , and blue ? 
  haha , best colors for a flag imho . 
  the only thing that we 'll take is the netherlands back !, 
  the empire will live on !, 
  looking at you spain and italy . 
  i demand that the statue of liberty and louisiana be returned to us . 
  so is this what a divorce looks like ? 
  as i recall , we did gave you half of your country . 
  we want that half back now please thanks . 
  ( you can keep detroit . ), 
  i will veto your preemptive strike . 
  not at all , it do n't find that speaking the language of the country you live in weird at all . 
  now , let 's see how governments deal with that and if they provide simple way to learn it . 
  a little bit of both for me . 
  we do call france `` the hexagon '', 
  francefive is awesome !, 
   : kavinsky , david guetta , daft punk etc. 
  well while kavinsky and daft punk are considered good ( with the dafts clearly ahead ) we considered guetta as a mainstream piece of shit who should not be listed amongst the others . 
  take a look at the artists the following labels : records maker and ed banger . 
  chirac was very funny and charismatic even if i do n't share the same political beliefs . 
  here is a video of him hitting on a journalist at one of his wife ( bernadette ) speeches . 
  she caught him in the act and it 's priceless . 
  tgv meaning `` train \u00e0 grand vitesse '' meaning `` high speed train '' . 
  we sure are cousins  about the movies , you italians made some incredible masterpieces like `` i ladri di biciclette '' . 
  you just have to get back in the game !, 
  ( although gomorrah was great so was romanzo criminale ! '', 
  and `` habemus papam '' by moretti was great and stared michel piccoli as the pope !, 
  that is not true . 
  it only depends on your location . 
  like a `` flat '' and an `` appartment '' or lift and elevator ... 
  french was also the standard language amongst european nobility . 
  eg : `` honni soit qui mal y pense '' is the english monarque motto . 
  meaning aproximatively `` curse for those with impure thoughts '', 
   boulogne suhr mehr i love how you wrote that !, 
  i heard italians saying that french was such a singingful language although we think in france that it is italian . 
  ( we love you too italians ), 
  jeunet got hollywooed . 
  why is this downvoted ? 
  it is a true fact . 
  i 'm just saying that there is still a lot of resentment for a lot of french that 's all . 
  i for one , do n't give a shit and love my german friends because i understand that 1870/14 -18 and 39-45 are history now . 
  edit : `` thos -  this '', 
  a lot of youngsters speak english nowadays .
