  we have plenty at home to do with !, 
  and you fellow englishman ( cbfw86 ) stole one of ours !, 
  maybe we should start a war again . . let 's say a 15years war this time ? 
  it gets boring really fast !, 
  non , non , we just hate you . 
  well we hate you from the past . 
  present you are ok . 
  well , we do not share the feeling , rosbif !, 
  i 'm kidding of course . 
  that 's nice to know that after all these century cracking each others skulls with various melee weapon , we managed to become at peace and even more , friends . 
  that gives hope for a lot of feud happening in the world right now . 
  as a frenchman , i would n't say that i consider british my brother or cousins ( no offense intended ) maybe because of the language barrier ... but we do share a lot of culture and whatnot , our capitals being that close to one another . 
  i 'll guess i 'll have to say belge might be cousins of us and so swiss ? 
  but , anyway , let 's be brothers my dear englishman !, 
  it was free ?? 
  shit !, 
  i really need a refund based on the fact that noone told me it was free !, 
  i have to complain about the fact that the french seems to complain all the time . 
  can i get a refund ? 
  60yo something balding men in audi and mercedes are the worst !, 
  the entitlement on the road is fucking strong . 
  and size . 
  yeah and we do n't drive automatic cars !, 
  power to the stick !, 
  in london everybody stops to let you pass . 
  i found that quite amazing . 
  ( generalizing of course , but drivers will tend to stop more than in paris , where it 's ffa . 
  nope , i 'm even scared driving on this fucking place . 
  on the other hand , we have a 24-7 destruction derby in paris !, 
  and yet , it 's supposed to be the first thing you put in your mouth ... 
  all the ushuaia and obao ads with pretty girls touching their soapy boobs under tropical waterfalls ... aaah the 90 's in french advertising !, 
  `` knock knock '' - who 's there ? 
  - my dick !, 
  or is it too french ? 
  i do n't know anymore . 
  i spent a month in maryland whent i was 15 , unfortunately the stereotypes were strong . 
  they were a real nice family though !, 
   thank you scotland for your english accent and the beautiful highlands . 
  ayyy lmao , we do n't need you to look good * fabulous *, 
  i think i 've watch all the show video on youtube but as you 're saying , nothing new . 
  i 've also got the dvd boxset but it 's easily 6-7 years old ... 
  that 's why arte online replay site is called `` arte +7 '' it annoys the fuck out of me when i try to watch old `` mit offenen karten '' - `` le dessous des cartes '' . 
  awesome show if you can speak german or french !, 
  i might be because le service publique got ads cancelled after eight . 
  it might have confused the mapper . 
  like all pro cyclists ... 
  `` camille arthaud '' ... good job . 
  florence arthaud and camille muffat . 
  gg spain , gg, 
  no offense taken , i 'm trying to work in my field but i have to deliver pizzas ... 
  france : come visit we have a lot of women in all age groups !, 
  naaah , if you did n't drive on them . 
  that 's what he said at least , just helping . 
  movies , music ... some of our best actors and singer are in fact ... belges . 
  but shhh do n't tell anyone johnny is belge hahah, 
  d\u00e9fenestration is the act of se d\u00e9fenestrer . 
  well , wearing a vest with wires is a guarantee that you 'll get killed . 
  i do n't understand why you are getting downvoted ? 
  yeah thanks belgium !, 
  i 'm kidding of course < 3, 
  `` french national '' it says place of birth bruxelles , belgium . 
  did they even read the thing ? 
   as unwilling to speak english as the french . 
  that might have been right 20 years ago . 
  parisian here , what the fuck ? 
  so i just read the article , the bodyguard is being prosecuted not the princess . 
  the victim retracted his earlier testimony , this time saying thet she did not gave orders but was present ... totally cool about her feet being kissed , but no orders naaay , moneeeeeeeeeeey, 
  ok , we 'll wait until she 's prosecuted then hahahahahahah ... 
  royal family members are considered diplomats apparently . 
  i did not make the rules . 
   but in paris they are just regular obnoxiously rich people with diplomatic immunity and armed goons and billions of euros . 
  you `` re right, 
  not stupid at all tho . 
  as much as i can stand punks \u00e0 chien , they always seem to take good care of the dogs , so eh . 
  well , between gerard pinchon and renault de la rochefoucauld , i 'll let you find who 's the one more prone to homelessness . 
  freight train travel is fun tho , the whole `` hobo '' culture in the states is quite awesome . 
  `` punks \u00e0 chien '' in france are not hobos generally , they are bums, 
  we call them `` punks \u00e0 chien '' in france . 
  litterally `` dog punks '' they usually have german sheperds with them . 
  when your name is `` cedric claude rene rault-verpre '' i really doubt you 're a homeless . 
  as a french i 'm ashamed . 
  he smiles when entering the court ? 
  cunt . 
  stealing , vandalism ... nice way to be a french abroad !, 
  moreover , might be trivial but what kind of `` hippie '' is named `` cedric claude rene rault-verpre '' this is like the most royal/posh name you can find , almost feelks like a joke . 
  anyway good job making us look good , cunt . 
  we 'll if that makes you feel better . 
  your gastronomy is number 1.5 in our heart . 
  well you must not watch rugby , fuck the brits !, 
  but we 're fond of you :(, 
  thanks gigi !, 
  `` the idiot act '' he touched the fucking ball first !, 
  period . 
  i did not think it was cool , never said that so do n't put words into my mouth , too easy . 
  i felt fucking sorry for ronaldo cause he 's a player i like ( better than messi anyway ) you could see he was not simulating but he touched the ball first , strong contest yes , valid tackle yes . 
  the fact that ronaldo is a important player or the it was a final is fucking irrelevant here , except for the pathos . 
  i would i screamed my heart out if it was griezmann instead of ronaldo but in the end , strong but fair challenge . 
  let 's move on . 
  let 's talk about the quaresma headlock on kos if you want foul and dangerous play . 
  what the fuck was that .
