  well as a parisian , it 's not like we hate the rest of the french it is just that ... well it 's a love hate relationship . 
  provincial thinks of us a concrete living monkeys who have never seen a tree , forest or even a animal while we think of them as ignorant mud farmers . 
  love is all around :d but everytime i got visit my gf family in normandy i get some kinf od shit ( but non agressive , funny ) remarks about me being parisian . 
  trackmania is french ?? 
  well , it 's not about the people or the present government , but we fought a lot in the last two centuries so ... 
   state-funded tv program , arte tv channel !, 
  all i want to say is visca catalunya !, 
  i 've spent all my summer there . 
  got family near taragona . 
  because of the land mass of these countries . 
  i 'm aware that it is not a logical choice but rather an `` importance '' choice . 
  canada vs monaco ... i mean come on . 
  thanks for the clarification !, 
  nice flair by the way . 
  gibraltar , stop messing with spain 's feelings okay ?!, 
  he 's not feeling very well these times . 
  we say co-princes ? 
  of course my logic does not apply for the commonwealth . 
  monaco is a non-coutry imho . 
  i really do n't know what to think about monaco and andorra being representend in this diagram ... i guess , since the chief of state of andorra is both the french president and the king of spain ... and french president and prince of monaco ... could they really be considered `` capitals '' . 
  they take a loooot of space in this diagram and i do n't , personnaly , think that they belong here ( but luxembourg , lichenstein does ! ), 
  i think it might be wrong for france ... just a bit . 
  around 10 % to 15 \u00a7 not 20 to 30 . 
  there 's is no need for that . 
  i do and you do n't apparently . 
  no big deal . 
  yeah but the guy had really nothing to write about . 
  and imo he felt like a funny guy writing that . 
  `` hey hey look what i did - haha cleveeeeer '' tsssss, 
  this joke does no harm , agreed but calling it `` friendly '' ... might be an intern . 
  mais yahoo news remporte surement la palme . 
  hum it depends , but it 's free on sundays , that 's for sure . 
  apparently , a yahhonews user was n't pleased with my previous comment . 
  care to indulge me with you stereotypical rascist rant ? 
  yeah , but if you are reading it on yahoo news , do n't expect any clever comments . 
  this is all the shitty people of france united . 
  yeah but it 's getting very old and incredibly annoying to read that writen by a ` journalist ' ' . 
  free under 10yo . 
  free on sundays , the louvre is free if you just get the free member card ... 
  yeah robert32907 , thanks for this incredible article about smelly french people ... it 's very interesting and it is in no way redundant or insulting . 
  and i 'd liket o congratulate the telegraph for it 's incredible view on modern journalism ... shit . 
  i see what you mean ... let 's hope it 'll be ok , 
  yeah well , for now , i think of myself as a french then european . 
  i 'd like to see this change while keeping some of the cultural values and history that made france . 
  i 'm starting to understand why every state in the us is different from one another in terms of culture and independance . 
  that was a good read !, 
  i do n't see why avoidance of the word ` confederation ' can be a lack of trust in the democratic model and a step to civil war though . 
  on another note , i believe that the world will unite as soon as we expand and settle into space , but that 's just me . 
  i do n't see why the world would unite without a common goal . 
  or maybe i just have no faith left in humanity , wich is sad really ... 
  oh , allright then  i do n't see another war in europe over territory concern . 
  hope i 'm right . 
  i do n't see how the climate is a problem ? 
  especially from an american ( no offense !, 
  just think about new hampshire and new mexico for instance ), 
  ahah nice to know , 
  i explained it because i could n't understand the downvote . 
  but there is no offense intended by calling you `` les britons '' ... it would be like calling us `` frenchies '', 
  i still do n't get the meaning ... 
  and wales win the european insults championship !, 
  refer to guinea dago , a slur against italian immigrant in the us . 
  whats is the meaning of `` gabachos '' you dirty espingouins ( a play on word mixin espagnol and piguin ( yes the animal ) i have no idea where it comes from ... 
  we call you `` les portos '' and `` les morues '' ( the cods , as in the fish ) the last one is quite offensive so it 's only used for private jokes or by assholes . 
  `` les portos '' might sound derogative beacause of the reference to alexandre dumas character in the tree musketeers `` portos '' which is the big fat guy . 
  how do you call us ? 
  as frog . 
  but we do n't use it very often anymore . 
  my friends and i call you `` les britons '' `` the brits '', 
  always nice to learn something from a human being instead of wikipedia from time to time . 
  thanks , 
  hum . . i have no words ... what is the origin of the orange being the national color ? 
  alors , nobody else ( not sure ) plays in orange so that makes it ok , but i really do n't care ... 
  well , i 'm not saying that , but can we at least have some flag/soccer jersey consistency ? 
  so you wo n't mind playing in purple ? 
  nope , but i know some lyonnais that goes there every year , childhood friends . 
  hmm , thanks for the clarification . 
  still , it 's not part of the flag !, 
  ( stubborn frenchman is stubborn ), 
  and catalunyan is some kind of mix of spanish and french . 
  it is much closer that buenas noches . 
  we do have quite a nice language , i 'll give you that . 
  but i like the way you speak . 
  ( i 've been to catalunya every summer since i was born . 
  i 've got cousins there . 
  in l'ametla del mar , 50km south of tarragona . 
  ring a bell ? ), 
  beautiful ai n't it ? 
  if only reddit was the european parliament ... no wait , that would be a mess . 
  the only thing i hate about italia is the fact that the football team ( we 're in europe so i wo n't say soccer ! ), 
  is called la squadra azzura ( meaning the blue team ) even tho you have no blue in your flag . 
  the french team is called `` les bleus '' ( the blue ) ... anyway, 
  i 've never been to ireland , but as a half breton , i feel that we are cousins . 
  celtics and the past hatred of england !, 
  we also love catalunya !, 
  a small part of it being in france , 
  we 're cousins in love but we 've been told that we ca n't fuck ... so we just stare akwardly at each others . 
  except for the food ( worse ) and the music ( better ), 
  yeah , well , was n't he austrian ? 
  use that as a defense . 
  we steal women ?
