  -  instead of going the police in country they were allegedly attacked they decided to go back home and go to media . 
  these are the facts mate , not speculation . 
  speculation is whether what they said is true or not , however , what i mentioned above is not speculation those are facts . 
  often those minorities speak better english than dutch, 
  yep , that 's the problem here , they did n't file a report at police station , they actualy did n't proceed proper legal way , they went back to germany and went to the media . 
  more over , there is no proof of what those kids are saying , no adult saw that , there 's no record on cctv of that ` accident ' , no police report ( as proper police report , not police note ` we spoke to german teenagers with help of random people , we smiled . ' ), 
  ` creating community for white guys in one of the world 's blackest countries ' / s, 
  and who ` created us ' ? 
  ` trust ' is a big word , we do not trust our western allies , especially since we 've been betrayed by them multiple times ( by usa too ) , we simply know , that it 's in us bussines to still have influence central europe . 
  considering current situation , wer 're only important and for now certain us ally in the region . 
  i like this one, 
   the point is that the exodus is real . 
  they are pilling up at the eu 's borders . 
  taking them in is not permanent solution . 
  if you take them in you will encourage more people , you will take them in so they would n't die in libia and turkey , you will encourage more poeple ... do you see where is your ` solution ' heading ? 
   eu , here , wants to deal with the refugee crisis only . 
  germany and france , here , want to show their hegemony , forcing v4 countries to do one of those things v4 citizens said they do n't want . 
   it 's currently politically inconvenient . 
  no , it 's becouse , in case of my government , it 's polish people will . 
  you see , in democracy people get to decide what their country should do , we fought for it . 
  previous gov accepted qoutas , that 's why that government is called ** previous ** government . 
  people were pissed , voted for current ruling party . 
  when it comes to partnership and solidarity , no one asked as , when gates to europe , libia was bombed by glorious , peace-loving france and germany screwed as over with nord stream and ns2 . 
  so , since equal partner should be able to say ` no ' in important matter , like germany in case of ns2 , or equal partner can simply give no fuck like france bombing libia i guess we can say ` no ' when it comes to migrants quotas . 
  they are forgotting we 're not some banana republic they used to rule . 
  you do realise that first day that any government of v4 countries will take immigrants will be last day of that government ? 
  year ago 60 % of poles wanted no middle eastern immigrants , nowadays it 's 75 % , keep pushing more . 
  what i do n't get is why is it so difficult to respect democratic choice of the people . 
  people in v4 countries voted : no illegal immigrants . 
  they do n't wan na be here , we do n't want them here , what 's the big deal ? 
  while germany knows how we do things here and that we sometimes say ` no ' which means ` no ' , france is not used to it , they do n't get that we 're not ivory coast or some other shithole they used rule directly and they now run indirectly or if they do n't like it they can bomb it , like they did in libia . 
  france simply do n't wan na understand that we do n't see ourselves as junior partners or banana state that can be bought . 
  we want to be partners , france do n't , they are trying to show muscles with migrants quotas , to show who rules in eu , it always was about it . 
  if someone truly believes it 's ` couse of good hearts of france or germany and ` bad ' , ` xenophobic ' ` eastern ' europe then he/she is truly naive . 
  exactly , if not for pacifism polish brethen would still exist today . 
  edit : people tend to forget how important in plc 's culture was fighting in the name of plc , it was more important than religion or ethnicity . 
  being loyal to the plc and the king = = fighting for plc. 
  you know , being pacifist in plc , in the middle of europe , in a country that always had to defend it 's borders from ottomans , tatars and russians was at least naive . 
  people hated arians not becouse they were progressive , they hated arians ` couse being pacifist in plc was consider being enemy of the state . 
  ~ 230e per year is definitelly worse than few millions people living in parallel society, 
  such as ? 
   and again , what happens if the conflict in ukraine escalates ? 
  conflicts like this are not meant to escalate , they meant to paralize a country . 
  in this particular case since ukraine is lost and wo n't be a part of russian part of the world it 's important for russia to not lost strategic land ( crimea ) as well as make it impossible for ukraine to join western organizations such as nato or eu . 
  with ongoing armed conflict on territory of donbass area , ukraine wo n't join such organizations and wo n't be a threat to russia . 
  no one want 's this conflict to escalate , too much burden for ukraine , ` bad deal ' for russia . 
   where are all the ukrainian war refugees , anyway it all happens in the area of luhansk and donetsk oblasts ( about ~ 50k km2 ) , not all area of those administrative regions , but only in those administrative regions . 
  ukraine 's territory is about 600k km2 , without crimea and those war regions it 's still over 500k km2 . 
  people affected by war in eastern ukraine can be displaced within borders of ukraine . 
  also a lot of people fled ukraine as workers to russia and to poland . 
  best power - coal power . 
  is n't picking people straight from libian coast like people smuggling or at least collaboration with human traffickers ? 
  why are you so racist ? 
  the point is we are not against immigration to poland . 
  over 1 mln of ukrainian immigrants are proof of that . 
  but we want immigrants that 'll work , integrate into society , whose customs are similar to ours . 
  why would we take non integrating , anti woman-rights , somehow anti-western people who do n't wan na be in poland in the first place and pay for it when we have milions of ukrainians literally next door ? 
  we are poor , not stupid . 
  pay taxes here ? 
  are you polite and somehow law-obeing person ? 
  would like to learn at least basics of our language ? 
  welcome to poland !, 
  more seriously though , in my , mostly rural , region we have few western immigrants , some french , german and belgian people , all of them in their 50 's . 
  they are small and medium business owners . 
  they are quite happy here , crime in my region is almost non existent , it 's calm , safe , people are nice , after they learned some polish people are even nicer . 
  what 's with the arrogance ? 
  no one is burning cars in warsaw anually , like in paris or malmo , but does it make our country a shithole ? 
   if 2/3 50 % + 1 is enough, 
  yeah , and we took a lot of greek refugees in 50 's who stayed , as well as korean ( from best korea ) orphans who came back to their homeland after the war . 
  if 6/10 or 7/10 in case of somalis do n't work , saying they do n't work it 's not a stereotype it 's a fact . 
  i understand it may be harder , but if there 's difference between 2 % unemployment of poles and 62 % unemployment of syrians . 
  is n't ? 
  http://www.parool.nl/photoseries/articlephotos/4110508/ebcbe336-bd94-4146-9346-01816552ee1d same stats , different site . 
  if i say `` syrians and somalis do n't work '' it 's not a sterotype if 6/10 syrians and 7/10 somalis in netherlands do n't work , it 's a fact . 
  i do n't believe that it 's somehow not possible to get a job ` couse their immigrants , it 's possible for poles so it 's possible for them . 
  edit : however if someone say `` poles do n't work and abuse welfare '' it 's not only stereotype but also a lie , couse 2,1 % of poles are unemployed . 
  such low unemployment is called structural unemployment and is considered healthy and perfectly normal . 
  yeah , but statistics tends to prove that when it comes to poles it is just a stereotype unlike mena immigrants . 
  poles in netherlands have lower unemployment than dutch . 
  you know we are not schroedinger people , we ca n't in the same time steal westerners jobs and be on walfare while commiting crimes . 
  https://www.cbs.nl/nl-nl/nieuws/2015/31/zeven-van-de-tien-somaliers-in-de-bijstand edit : i hope that dutch central bureau of statistics is good enough source . 
  can you spot the difference between legal immigrants and illegal immigrants ? 
  what double standards are you talking about ? 
  country a made a deal with country b that it 's citizens can legally move to country b whenever they want and vice versa . 
  peoples of country c with no legal deals with country a and b wan na come to country a , country b is like , `` ok , it 's your country , but we do n't want them here , in country b , we have no legal responsibilities towards country c peoples . '', 
  sudenly country a that taken illegal immigrants from country c is forcing country b to take `` their share '' of illegals ffrom country c. how is it ok for country b ? 
  prove it with statistics that poles in uk do have significantly higher crime per x/ppls ratio than brits , that their walfare to working people ratio is signicantly higher than brtis , that poles do n't speak local language and that brits actually have to buy poles homes , pay them just for living in uk . 
  it was the same if previous government . 
  when will you , westerners , realise it is not about skin colour . 
  ukrainians are coming here to work . 
  and they do work , they crime per x/ppls is slightly higher than ours , so it 's acceptable , we share many similarities , like culture , language , cuisine etc. 
  meanwhile there are mena people who do n't wan na come to poland at the first place . 
  who are coming to europe for welfare , not to work . 
  who do n't share our customs , our culture etc. 
  so on the one hand we have similitar people to us who work here and who willingly immigrate to poland , on the other people from completely different culture , different mindset to human rights , who do n't wan na be in poland , who are welfare shoppers and we would have to pay for they presence in poland . 
  it 's difficult to blame us we do n't wan na mena migrants . 
  explain . 
  edit : so it 's basically a buthurt of french people . 
  ` couse we did n't bought your stuff now you 're going to give us shit every single day . 
  bravo , let 's all behave like 12yrs old little girls .
