  you have to realise that sudden shift of polish policies towards ukrainians happened after shit that ukrainian nationalists pulled in early '30s including killing few government officials . 
  after ( carrot ) soft policies of coexistance did n't worked we started using stick , it did not appear out of thin air . 
  what 's important to add is ukrainian insurgent army is nowadays heroes of ukraine with szuchewycz ( leader of upa ) and bandera ( leader of organization of ukrainian nationalists ) as main characters , naming streets after them and building statues of them . 
  i guess poland which was attacked by ussr in 1939 , but i 'm polish , my granpa fought soviets in 1939 , for which he was executed by nkvd and my family was provided with winterbreak in siberia , what can i know . 
  estonians do n't have to imagine that . 
  i like you taste of humour , i really do . 
  we 've recently build lng terminal , best lng terminal we ever had , but we 're going to build even bigger one , we 're going to make poland great again . 
  more seriously though lng terminals are great thing in terms of energetical safety , we have one , for sure we are going to rebuild it into bigger one and build more terminals , it 's just wise . 
  very good , 14th place , another good change over the years , hope to hit 20-ish in next few years . 
  \u017buraw is literally crane , 
  great news especially considering that in 1990 there was about 500k basque speakers and that number grew to ~ 750k basque speakers in 2017 , that 's truly amazing , keep up good work guys . 
  since when ? 
  is alcohol . 
  tea is actually very popular in central and eastern europe . 
  they will also turn their friend , poland and polish peoples , into enemy . 
  no one likes war criminals praised , especially if those guys killed on of your own . 
  well , there was no ` polish bandera ' as well as poles did n't commit mass murdering ukrainias . 
  however praising people , ` couse it 's not only about bandera , who commited acts of terror against polish state and later led upa into brutal ethnic cleansing is completely unacceptable . 
  yet this is whats going on right now , people who commited/led to death of ~ 80-100 thousands poles are now ` heroes of ukraine ' they 've got statues build as well as streets named after them . 
  proceed on international water and then leave them in nearest safest port , like idk , libia . 
  since when do we care about 3rd world shitholes anyway, 
  it 's in interest of potential refugee to prove he/she is indeed a refugee if they ca n't proove it , well , they are illegal immigrants , gtfo . 
  no papers ? 
  you ai n't coming , just enforce bloody law . 
  edit : it 's possible , we have a lot of claims of asylum from chechens , they 're processed on the border , most of them are send back to belarus . 
  the main problem is how we want to help . 
  some countries want to help them in europe while others in their region . 
  for example my country want to and helps in syria and lebanon where the little money we have can provide more help than here . 
  the other problem is most of illegals are not refugees . 
  law can be changed , it 's actually easier and cheaper to change the law than deal with potentially millions of illegal immigrants . 
  it 's not being scary , it 's retarded in full meaning of the word ` retarded ' . 
  there is way to stop illegals from coming it 's simply not nice , polite and politically correct way . 
  blue police was there to keep order on the streets and to help german administration as police force same railroad personel , they were railroad personel , not ` give me those jews i 'll ship them to auschwitz ' personel . 
  when you wan na talk about guarding ghettos you have to talk about jewish police who actually worked inside ghetto to mantain order there and helped germans with transports of jews to death camps , blue police ( ` polish ' police ) did not operated inside ghettos walls . 
  [ jewish ghetto police ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jewish_ghetto_police ) by your twisted logic jews `` did participate quite a bit , too '' or were they polish ` couse it 's convenient ? 
   individual poles often helped in the identification , denunciation , and hunting down of jews in hiding , often profiting from the associated blackmail , and actively participated in the plunder of jewish property . 
  those poles where hunted down by polish state and punish with lead . 
  guess what , if you write `` individual ~ ~ poles ~ ~ jews often helped in the identification ... '' that 's also true . 
  ` couse you know some jews did helped germans hunting other jews in order to improve their economic well being / in hope they will be left alive . 
  in my opinion it do n't means that jews or poles in general participated in holocaust , there are assholes in every nation , since both jews and poles where polish citizens both ethnicities where punishable by death in case of collaboration with german regime by polish underground state . 
  there were incidents where jewish - communists plundered polish villages in eastern poland , should we consider all jews people who participated in some kind of ` bad ' actions against polish nation ? 
   unintelligible and sounds like bad polish written in kirilica . 
  that 's pretty much how i see belarussian , 
  when it comes to gdl you have to remember that it was created by baltic pogan ( later catholic ) tribes and annexed lots of ruthenian lands ( basically modern belarus and ukraine ) and that 's how most of gdl population became east slavic and orthodox . 
  later kingdom of poland took over what 's now ukraine and gdl became territorially basically modern lithuania and belarus . 
  still most of the people of gdl were orthodox ruthenians . 
  later baltic elites polonised themselves as they saw that as chance of improving their life/rights and lot 's common people ( both slavic and baltic ) ` became ' polish ( in terms of language/culture/religion ) as well , however orthodox east slavic people still were greater part of gdl population with poles , lithuanians ( balts ) and jews as minorities . 
  you can still see polonisation of gdl people in ` polish language in europe ' map . 
   do n't be shy , your lot did participate quite a bit , too please tell me how did polish state participated in murdering of it 's own citizens in death camps and concentration camps . 
  i 'm genuinely curious , especially since collaboration with reich was considered treason and punishable by death . 
  who 's the dickhead here , calling victims of holocaust a perpetrators of holocaust , really . 
  written was old church slavonic , however spoken languages in the grand duchy of lithuania ware old ruthenian , later polish , and as diplomatic language among educated people latin . 
  that 's actually true in terms of rights and freedom . 
  galicia ( austrian poland ) was the only occupied part of poland where poles were actually treated as citizens not ` natives ' in land to colonize but actual citizens with rights and chances to have career in the government or army . 
  however it was also the poorest part of occupied poland , under austrian rule it was extremally poor region . 
  term ` bieda galicyjska ' - ` galician poverty ' is still being used as term for really bad economic situation and ` couse of poverty in kingdom of galicia and lodomeria it 's name was often twisted by it 's polish citizens to ` kingdom of galicia and g\u0142odomeria ' ( from ` g\u0142\u00f3d ' - hunger ) . 
  old ruthenian , closest to modern belarussian . 
  becouse one group of people was exterminated by germans i ca n't say anything negative about people with the same ethnicity as those exterminated people . 
  yes it is , though a lot of bosniaks are as muslim as a lot of poles are catholics , it 's often more about customs/traditions than religion , also in bosnia there is really big serbian ( orthodox ) minority as well as significant croat ( catholic ) minority . 
   39 percent of gdp . 
  not having a country , colonisation of polish lands , forced germanisation/russification of polish people . 
  you name it , we had it . 
  glorious propaganda is finally working . 
  at least you ca n't say they 're not working . 
  do you have any reports that can suport your ` thesis ' ? 
  i do n't know , human rights ngos reports , anything ? 
  or is it just another anecdotical ` evidence ' , or more like a comment with no proof what so ever ? 
  edit : by the same logic : i lived in immigrant muslim majority ghetto ( i actually did ) and it 's difficult to say something positive about it 's ` citizens ' , they 're barely more than thugs , using religion as an excuse to commit crime , they do n't have a western , european culture . 
  one muslim , but whole police , right ? 
  yeah , but that 's eu agency , not polish agency , simply ` couse mercedes factory is in slovakia it does n't mean that mercedes is slovakian . 
  no , i mean good political and socioeconomic authors from both sides , try understand not just criticize something you do n't agree with , machiavelli is simply a good start when we 're talking about modern countres , that 's why i stated his name as an example . 
  i 'm not saying i do , however from history i know that when you force some decisions on signicant group of people that is used to decide for themselves , well it 's never end up good . 
  finally in case of taking in migrants , according to last , 3 weeks old poll 3/4 of poles do n't wan na take migrants , it 's our right in democracy , if majority people want/don ' t want something it 's their right to decide . 
   well the germans figured out what was supposedly best for them and started a genocide , so ` couse of mistake , very bad , bloody , resulting in milions of dead people , but still a mistake of germans you want to decide for poles , for czechs etc. 
  what 's best for them . 
  that seems legit , just ` couse one nation 70 years ago made terrible , truly terrible mistake you want to take right to decide for themselves 70 years form that and form other nations . 
  dude , get a book , start with machiavelli and go further , keep reeding , keep educating yourself , becouse for person that loves freedom of choice , of thought such as myself your conclusions are terrifying . 
  what must be in your head that ` couse of what completely different people in completely different time , political , socioeconomical conditions did you want to restrict freedom of descendants of their victims . 
  please go read good autors , deepen your knowledge . 
  thank you , 
  you do n't get it , do you ? 
  current crisis was never about racial homogenity for us . 
  it was about forcing us , ( somehow ) independent country ( which is ** very ** important in polish culture ) to take in illegals , who do n't wan na come here , illegals with different customs , illegals who coused many troubles before in western countries . 
  finally why it 's you who should decide what 's right or wrong for * every * country ? 
  i get it , `` ein volk , ein reich ( . . ) '' never dies apparently , perhaps you should figure out that it 's best for every peoples to decide what 's best for them . 
  do n't you dare treat us like we 're some kind of children , or ` young europe ' or ` new europe ' or whatever label you put on us . 
  we did n't create a mess , those illegal do n't wan na come here . 
  it 's against human rights to detain people against their will but that 's where it 's all heading if you want them to stay in country they do n't wan na stay . 
  so a country that had its citizens mass murdered ` couse of their ethnicity ( jews , slavs , roma etc. ), 
  should accept illegal immigrants that do n't even wan na come here ? 
  and that country should do that becouse it had its citizens murdered ? 
  is that 's what you 're saying ? 
  i 'm asking ` couse i wan na get your words right . 
  did it , or is it just you insinuating ? 
  it 's completely normal in my region , when you see muslim women you throw vibrator or a dildo under her feet in order to make her go away i thought it 's polands wide custom , damn , i was wrong again . 
  are really suggesting that germans invading poland and murdering 6mln of it 's citizens and polish people not wanting illegal immigrants that would be forced to relocate here are somehow connected or just trying to be ` funny ' ? 
  this is not a speculation . 
  facts are : -  kids did n't file the report ( as full legal report at the station , not police note on the street ) . 
  -  no adult , including their teacher saw any of what they claimed had happened , not cctv recorded that . 
  ( we do have a lot of cctv in poland , both city owned as well as private owned ) .
