  oh , wait , you ca n't . 
   lost me right there - shows your knowledge ( or lack of it ) about india and indian culture . 
  well , if for really long time there was group of people who were just servants , who could breed with other servants only , who were not educated etc. 
  then , after generetions that group ( as general group ) wo n't be especially bright , it 's called evolution . 
  it does n't matter if those were polish peasants or indian lower castes or simply slaves in usa . 
  it takes generations of education to make descendants of those people more intelligent etc. 
  developing country ? 
  dude , your country should check it priorities , nuclear weapons , third biggest army in the world . 
  it 's difficult to call country were 1/5 of it 's population live below poverty line ( $ 1.25 ppp ) developing one , even if it has nuclear weapons . 
  you know , australia is independent country with rich mine deposits and lot of sus/nice weather while all those siberian republics/oblasts/krais were subject of tsarist russia/ussr and still are subject of russia . 
  50 + years on the wrong side of iron curtain is not good for a country ( you and i perfectly know why ) not to mention being subject while you have a lot of resources not to mention being subject to russia . 
  there is really no comparison . 
  opressed russian minority , 1939 all over again ... 
  nah , you are not allowed to `` offend religious feelings '' , that 's for all registered in poland religions , however since , literally , destroying a bible is not offending religious feelings according to our courts so it 's chill i guess . 
  it 's prohibited to insult president , it 's a public offense so prosecutor have to press charges , however it depends on president , some take it lightly , do n't care and pardon people who insult them , some do n't . 
  when it comes to `` anti-homosexual propaganda laws '' that 's lithuania , russia and ukraine ( ? 
  ) , not us . 
  pretty much it , you can say whatever you wa n't , it does n't matter if your opinion is pro-establishment or anti-establishment , no one is going to call you `` enemy of the people '' and throw you to gulag , oh , pardon me , punish you for `` hate speech '' and call you *** - phobe . 
  who could 've expect that ? 
   the working language throughout plc was polish polish was kind of lingua franca of the rzeczpospolita , if you spoke polish you could communicate everywhere in the plc , in western prussia , lesser poland , samogitia , red ruthenia ( galicia ) , zaporozhia etc. 
  though official languages of plc were polish and latin for crown and lithuanian ( baltic in early period , later pre-belarussian ) and latin for gdl . 
   back in those times , national/ethnic/etc divisions were very different from today . 
  exhibit number 1 - mickevi\u010dius and his famous `` lithuania , my fatherland '' when it comes to mickiewicz what he meant by lithuania was gdl , he was not a big fan of samogitia and samogitians , today lithuania and lithuanians . 
  he differed samogitians ( balts ) and lithuanians ( belarussians/poles ) . 
   tl ; dr ethnicity in plc was problematic not really , no . 
  ethnicity ! = nationality . 
  like i mentioned before , you could be ethnic balt/of baltic origin and be polish ( as of kingdom of poland ) , you could be eastern slav and be lithuanian ( as of gdl ) , polish ( as of crown ) etc. 
  back in the days nationality was just territory related , not ethnic related . 
  religion was more important than ethnicity though . 
  it was actually easier to handle than it is nowadays . 
  what 's problematic is how to divide what exactly was nationality , what was about regions , what was about ethnicity . 
  heroes of poland , lithuania , belarus . 
  and pretty much everyone will say that those guys were polish/lithuanian/belarussian . 
  edit : mickiewicz , not mickevicius , this is his [ signature ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:autograph-adammickiewicz.svg ) . 
  ethnically ( nowadays ) hungarians are slavic . 
  nah , those were accidents , shit happens . 
   hates muslims foreign muslims * , our little tatar cummunity is cool , even hardcore nationalists will tell you that . 
  yep , tough that division was just territory related . 
  you could be ethnic pole and be `` lithuanian '' as well as ethnic ruthenian and be `` crowner '' , or more likely `` of crown '' . 
  not really , turkish-russian tensions over black sea , look it up . 
  turks needed someone who might help them fight russians , that 's why they acknowledge the biggest minority of russian empire as sovereign people . 
  welcome to central europe, 
   if ukraine were to experience similar transformation and wages/quality of life improvements as poland or baltics , it 's too late for that and even if that was possible we should n't allow that , it would be catastrophic for our agriculture . 
  what we need is poor , corrupted yet independent ukraine , source of cheap workers and buffer zone between us and russia . 
  luckily ukrainans menaged to do that by themselves , we did n't even had to help them in keeping their country poor as fuck . 
  you are aware that us is country of immigrants right ? 
  it 's very different than old countries like netherlands , poland , portugal etc. 
  what 's also important is british and american cultures are very close . 
  look , almost no one cares that ukrainians are coming to poland as immigrants , you know why ? 
  similar language , culture , cuisine etc. 
  there are about 1mln ukrainan immigrants in my country ( native pop . 
  of poland ~ 38mln ) and almost no one cares . 
  however i can guarantee that if ~ 1mln moroccans came to poland there would be outrage , mass demonstrations , people would be pissed of . 
  why ? 
  ` couse moroccans culture , language , religion etc. 
  is nothin like ours and they , generally speaking , do n't wan na assimilate . 
  hope you now get it why some people do n't wa n't immigrats from completely different cultures . 
  one time there was even grandpa frost ... 
  naaa , not all the way . 
  my grandma is from poznan and my grandpa is from kresy , it 's always funny when i hear about both gwiazdor and santa claus bringing me gifts . 
  edit : though it was counfusing as fuck when i was really little . 
  pis ( current gov. 
  party ) is actually very pro-israel , pro-usa party , no one is denying that jews , poles of jewish origin/jewish faith are/were some part of our culture . 
  however polish institute in berlin was established to promote polish culture , not culture of polish jews ( as ethnoreligous jews , not poles of jewish origin/jewish faith ) . 
  depends on a map , some maps shows palestine as part of israel , some do n't , some maps shows crimea as part of russia , some do n't . 
  i agree , legally autonomous republic of crimea is still part of ukraine , however ukraine hold no power there , russia does . 
  you know , crimea is de facto part of russian federation after all . 
  what are you tryin ' to say ? 
  it indeed is false comparison , polish refugees wanted to get their country back , and they [ tried ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_armed_forces_in_the_west ) , not to live of walfare in uk or iran . 
  it might be shocking for some people , but same here . 
  us is country built by immigrants , everyone is/have ancestors from europe/s . america/africa/asia . 
  germany is country built by germans . 
  that is a major difference . 
  of course giving german taxpayer money to immigrants does n't help . 
  weather in the picture is not that bad , it may not be sunny but at least it 's not windy and it 's not raining , quit doin ' the most polish thing ever , quit complainin ' . 
  25 is a lie , it 's not common . 
  you know , `` man of the people '' , lawyer , guerilla , revolutionary , speech here , playin ' basket ' with students there . 
  more seriously , he was a symbol back in the days and quite important person in commie part of the world . 
  look , nobility were 10 % of our society at the time , many of them were not western slavs , a lot of them were polonized lithuanians/belarussians/ruthenians ( ukrainians ) but they being somehow related to sarmatians was just myth , fashion . 
  when it comes to peasants it 's really hard to tell what they believed in or how did they identifed themselves , however as far we know peasants identifed themselves as peasants that 's it , most of them never been as far as ~ 50km from their home . 
   our folk culture says that we come from sarmatians more like our nobles culture , when [ sarmatism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sarmatism ) whas thing in poland , nobles used that as an argument that they 're completelly different people ( as ethnically , culturally ) than pesants and becouse of that they were meant to rule . 
  which is kind of funny considering that big part of szlachta were either golota ( extremely poor , like owning only their name poor ) or za\u015bciankowa ( poor , their owned no peasants and work on their own fields by themselves ) . 
  we wo n't / s, 
  well russian federation can be both successor of ussr and tsardom of russia . 
  for example ; polish people republic was n't successor of `` 2nd '' polish republic ( interwar poland ) yet polish republic ( modern poland ) is successor of polish people republic and `` 2nd '' polish republic . 
  i guess `` on-demand abortion '' is something like : 1 . 
  i 'm pregnant 2 . 
  i dont wan na be pregnant 3 . 
  go to abortion clinic 4 . 
  get and appointment 5 . 
  get an abortion 6 . 
  everything is rather quick . 
  why would name an army ground attack aircraft `` pigeon '' and `` super pigeon '' ? 
  when you 'll be in pomerania visit malbork ( marienburg ) absolutely stunning teutonic knights castle , it 's about 150 kms north of toru\u0144 and ~ 70kms south east of gda\u0144sk . 
  i can reccomend you to visit podlasie voivodeship in general , places like august\u00f3w canal , bia\u0142owie\u017ca forest ( last primeval forest in europe , it 's were european bisons live ) , old temples like orthodox churches , catholic churches and tatars wooden mosques , old palaces , poorer szlachtas ( our nobility ) wooden manors . 
  when you see that kind of architecture in eastern poland and compare it with krakow or poznan old architecture you will get the whole `` beetween east and west '' thing . 
  it would n't , trust me , i know what i 'm talking about . 
  i can understand countries with modern army that do n't spend 2 % but comes to former eastern block countries i do n't get it . 
  we 're spending 2 % right now , we will be spending at least 2 % and our army is n't modernised as it should be , though iraq and afghanistan exeperiences helped . 
  chechnya wanted to be free and when it comes to war in yugoslavia no one is clean .
