  mass deportations , not bullets . 
  look , you 've got gangs and we 've crappy architecture , there 's really no comparison . 
   non-white immigrants it never was about skin colour , it always was about completely different culture . 
  eurozone is completely political , it never was economical project . 
  everything seems just right . 
  we are 31th in the world in tea consumption per capita and 6th ( if you do n't count georgia and turkey - 4th ) in europe . 
  we drink a lot of tea and coffee , however we drink more coffee than tea that 's why this maps shows us as more coffee than tea nation . 
  since when taking in illegal immigrants who do n't even wan na live in poland is part of being of eu state ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
  * in modern history . 
   technically seen it 's a ds which is de facto citroen . 
   ethnic people ethnic people ? 
  who are ethnic people ? 
  that would be racist . 
  we do n't have a king . 
  citizens rights , then residents rights , then human rights . 
  nice and simple . 
  that 's what happens when u replace educated farmers with work ethics and big farms with uneducated farmers who 've got small farms and never heard of work ethics . 
  skin colour have nothin to do with it , education , work ethics etc. 
  african blacks seems to not care about education and have terrible work ethics but that 's different thing . 
  there was , actually still is great african country ; ethiopia , but it was n't exactly built by subsuharians , but by habesha ( abissinian ) people , who are more related to semitic people than subsaharians . 
  again , poland economy rose pretty much on the same level for 30 years without and within eu . 
  croatia did , they are not exactly at congo level . 
  i 'm going to sit here and tell you that do n't matter how fucked up your situation is , by hard and smart work you can achieve a lot , look at little slovenia , they just sit back , work , trade and are getting richer every year , nice small balkan country working it 's ass off to the top . 
  when you work hard and get your shit together you can achieve a lot . 
  when you are piss-poor and make 4-5 children , well , that hardly ever works out . 
  what about suriname a.k.a. 
  dutch guyana ? 
  give all our art back and pay reparations due to deluge . 
  there were approximately 38.5 milion people living in what is now known as 2nd polish republic , before german , soviet and ukrainian attrocities . 
  by the time of polish people republic there was just 26 milion people . 
  where the fuck did they go ? 
  to the atmosphere ? 
  winter break in siberia ? 
  random whole in the middle of nowhere ? 
  when it comes to infrastructure and economy in general terms we both know it 's bullshit . 
  it 's hard to recover after stuff like that , but c'mon . 
  if ` stupid , backward , eastern european , xenophobic poles ' after ww2 and 40 years under soviet occupation could triple their economy in 30 years without having any significant resources i doubt that progressive engineers , lawyers and doctors from africa are somehow unable to improve their standard of life . 
   much more religious that 's really exagerrating , it 's more customs/traditions than religious . 
  they are . 
   big does n't come even close . 
  ukrainians outnumbered poles 2 to 1 ( including lviv , even more without ) . 
  in lw\u00f3w voivodeship according to 1921 census poles constituted 57 % of population , ukrainians 37 % . 
  i gues you were reffering to whole galicia-volhynia area , what i meant was lw\u00f3w voivodeship area . 
   it also lead to such a thing as forced polonization and pacifications after that . 
  it ca n't be denied though that for poland they were heroes . 
  not really , people who defended ` polish lw\u00f3w ' did n't led to forced polonization , polish chauvinistic ideas towards galicia-volhynia did , pacifications were answer to acts of violence towards polish administrations ` couse of polonisation . 
   now back to upa . 
  volhynia was a tragedy . 
  and for most poles that 's the end of the upa story and their singular task . 
  but in the history in upa it 's a , while undoubtedly , shameful , but still a short part . 
  it was genocide , we can call srebrenica massacre ` tragedy ' but it still was genocide , while karadzic ` fought ' for serbia his people commited genocide , there is no way to excuse that . 
   so would you be willing to have upa monument if it had something like `` to members of upa , fighters with red plague '' ? 
  no , i would not , same as i would not like to have ss monument in warszawa `` to members of ss , fighters with red plague '' as well as red army monuments `` to members of red army , fighters with fascism '' . 
  to those who have no idea of what we are talking about : in lw\u00f3w , predomiantly polish city in the area with big ukrainian population austrian gov stationed 2 ukrainian infrantry regiments . 
  after ww1 ukrainians proclaimed western ukrainan republic with lw\u00f3w within it , polish majority of the city decided to do something about it , they fought ukrainian ( post austrian ) army for 6 months until polish army arrived and get rid of what was left of ukrainian army , during that part of battle of lw\u00f3w , in the city of 200k ~ 340 people were murdered , various shops looted . 
  `` eagling '' memorial is dedicated to the ` defenders ' of lw\u00f3w , a lot of polish teenagers fought and died defending the city . 
  and now u/kilotaras asks if would be okay if there was build monument to the organization that slaughtered ~ 80-100k polish people in the area were that organization operated . 
  i think you know the answer . 
  that memorial was restored by polish taxpayer money . 
  well , the biggest problem with nationalism is that chauvinists call themselves nationalists , while nationalism is more extreme than patriotism it 's not as extreme as chauvinism . 
  the point is territory of galicia and volhynia would be territorial dispute as both poland and ukraine ** claimed ** that those lands were theirs . 
  we were in those lands since we inherited it in xivth century it 's not like we came in 1920 and said `` it 's our bitches '' . 
  while we were minority in volhynia , we were majority in western-central galicia , those lands were as much polish as their were ukrainian which you fail to understand . 
   now you cry because we dared to fight for our land . 
  you see , there is a difference beetween fighting for ` our ' land where one group were opressed , like poles in german occupied greater poland . 
  we fought there , we made an uprising . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greater_poland_uprising_ ( 1918 % e2 % 80 % 931919 ) however we did not slughtered civilians , we wanted our country back , we fought for it and we won . 
  what happened in galicia and volhyia was completely different , it was genocide not ` struggle for independence ' , do n't give me ` we dared to fight for our land ' bullshit , i know how fighting for homeland looks like . 
  according to wiki that 's also part of nationalism . 
   let 's redefine words to make ourselves feel better !, 
  i agree with you . 
   chauvinism is an exaggerated patriotism and a belligerent belief in national superiority and glory . 
  whereas patriotism and nationalism may represent temperate pride , chauvinism is intemperate . 
  it can be also defined as `` an irrational belief in the superiority or dominance of one 's own group or people '' . 
  [ 1 ] moreover , the chauvinist 's own people are seen as unique and special while the rest of the people are considered weak or inferior ~ wikipedia  nationalism is a multidimensional social construction reflected in the communal identification with one 's nation . 
  it is a political ideology oriented towards gaining and maintaining self-governance , or full sovereignty , over a territory of historical significance to the group ( such as its homeland ) . 
  nationalism therefore holds that a nation should govern itself , free from unwanted outside interference , and is linked to the concept of self-determination . 
  nationalism is further oriented towards developing and maintaining a national identity based on shared characteristics such as culture , language , race , religion , political goals or a belief in a common ancestry . 
  [ 1 ] [ 2 ] nationalism therefore seeks to preserve the nation 's culture . 
  it often also involves a sense of pride in the nation 's achievements , and is closely linked to the concept of patriotism . 
  in these terms , nationalism can be considered positive or negative . 
  in some cases , nationalism referred to the belief that a nation should be able to control the government and all means of production . 
  [ 3 ] ~ wikipedia, 
  you know , there is difference between opresing such as polonisation and ` fighting back ' such us slaughtering 100 thousand people . 
  poles were victims of germanization in prussia , gues what , we are not fucking animals , we did n't slaughter germans in germany occupied poland , what we did is we won uprising , not slughter innocent peasants . 
  just do n't give me that shit that due to polonisation slaughtering ~ 100k people is somehow justified . 
  it is n't . 
  yep , pretty much every enemy of ` clean ukraine ' should be killed , according to roman shukhevych , so they killed everyone that openly opposed them . 
  you were ukrainan with polish wife ? 
  you do n't wan na kill her ? 
  we 'll kill you and your wife . 
  you know shit like that . 
  why people like them are glorified ? 
  i wish to know why someone would glorify person responsible for brutal genocide . 
  nationalism = my nation is the best , i should do ( almost ) everything to make my nation great . 
  chauvinism = ethnic cleansings and shit . 
  you know , ` former armia krajowa unit ' is not the same as unit under the command of armia krajowa , unit which is held responsible under generalship of armia krajowa . 
  guys who done that , have done that on their own , without any order from armia krajowa chain of command as they were not part of armia krajowa anymore . 
  what 's more we condemn such actions , we do n't name streets and do n't build statues after war criminals like j\u00f3zef biss or szuchewycz , or melnyk .
