  c'mon dude , be realistic . 
  we ( and lithuanians ) owned it , so no , it was plcs state . 
  why does is matter if one is trans/gay etc. 
  i do n't get this discussion , we should choose our leaders ` couse of their skills not ` couse of johann or jan used to be anna or have a husband . 
  who actually give a fuck ` bout that ? 
  latvia , maybe estonia , belarus . 
   nope , everyone who has signed the un refugee declaration also has an obligation to accept refugees . 
  first of all they would actually have to claim asylum here . 
  during the refugee crisis our administration flew to refugee camps and actually offered asylum to asylum seekers ( previous gov. 
  did that , not current one ) and guess what ? 
  less than 100 of couple thousands people in the camp would like to claim asylum in poland . 
  you ca n't just treat people like they 're goods in the warehouse , `` oy , poland , i do n't really have place for those syrians , take'em '' while they do n't want to be in poland . 
  what we supposed to do ? 
  shoot them if they 'll live to germany ? 
  forced into some kind of detention camps ? 
  becouse they 'll go to germany , same thing happened in hungary , greece etc. 
  refugees from refugee camps just flew to germany . 
  it 's like eating ketchup covered pizza , c'mon . 
  why ? 
  why would you even try to make goulash with noodles ?!, 
  we are polish , we can put ketchup on everything . 
  that 's not a rabbi , that 's just an old man . 
  montenegro/bosnia ? 
  maybe not next , but i 'd like to see belarus in eu . 
  which is kind of silly ` couse they were n't israeli but polish . 
  just do n't go to russia during winter time and we all should be okay . 
  it 's too early , allah wo n't see that . 
  even if she 's really is . 
  / s  she 's literally the most pro-polish chancellor since forever this . 
  she do n't have to be super popular among poles in poland , but she 's way better for them than schulz . 
  edit : i still do n't have to like her , for for example nord stream , nord stream 2 etc. 
  but still way better than schulz . 
  never thought i would say that , but i 'm all for merkel . 
  poland can not into black death . 
  568ml to be correct , so their pint is bigger than our `` one beer '' . 
  how is not getting communism and getting capitalism is lesser of two evils when it comes to economical development ? 
  how is it actually pronounced ? 
  like ` h ' in ` hello ' or ` g ' in ` greece ' ? 
   schulz and merkel are literally the same not really , they 're not . 
  while schulz is open anti-central european bigot who can not respect local values and will be difficult to handle by central european govs , merkel is sligthly more conservative politician from eastern germany , we know what we can expect from her , she is one of best german chancellors when it comes to relations with their eastern neighbours . 
  boring merkel is way better option than bigot schulz . 
   without a hegemon nasty regional conflicts will break out everywhere . 
  nuclear weapons will profilerate yep , but those conficts wo n't be classic wars , or invasions like iraq . 
  when there 'll be more players with nukes ( usa , eu , russia , china , india , pakistan ) that actually matters in the world , you 'll see more hybrid wars like in ukraine , georgia etc. 
  however it still depends wether it 'll be bi-polar world with china and usa being main players , or no polar world with usa , eu , china , india etc. 
  so if i 'd dress as stalin and i 'd be chatting to strangers i 'll be promoting communism ? 
  mass murdering people ? 
  or just makin ' a joke ? 
  i get that you 're a bit touchy about the most famous austrian , but c'mon , you 've got to chillout . 
  you are n't , the only matter that is a big difference is how do we see this reformed eu , while central-eastern europe want more integrated europe of nations , we can feel that west tries to push this whole `` we are all european '' identity . 
  was he actually publicly glorifying or just making a joke ? 
  you know , war , then communism , no money , poor air quality , that 's how it looked like . 
   steppe nomads were n't really a persian or tatar people , were they ? 
  depends which ones . 
  some groups were different indo-european ( related to persians , but also to slavs , germanic tribes etc ) tribes like for example indo-iranian pagan scythians . 
  there where also khazars - turkic khaganat of jewish faith , tatars ( turkic people ) with their muslim faith and ottoman dependence . 
  that 's basically main steppe nomads that actually lived there , in different time of course , not jest went thru that peninsula . 
  when it comes to mongols , they were steppe nomads as well , but mongols ( not their empire ) were insignificant on peninsula . 
  and mongols are different group too , they 're not indo-europeans nor turkic people . 
  so no , they were n't persian , some of them were indo-iranian ( brunch of indo-europeans ) , in more recent times most of them were literally tatars ( turkic people ) . 
  still too soon . 
  while building in the picture was inspired by architecture of goths who lived on the peninsula for really long time . 
  can you have parliamentary elections faster ? 
  like in 3 months ? 
  if i were to guess where is it and there was no turkish flag in the picture i 'd say balkans . 
   friendly neighbour friendly neighbour ! = ukraine . 
  you see , friendly neighbour should not glorify literally fascists and guys who commited genocide , meanwhile they 're `` national heroes of ukraine '' . 
  realpolitik can not exist without moral relativism . 
  that 's why we are bitching when western companies instead of polish companies are making money on poles and that 's why it is good to use ukraine for our economical goals . 
  sorry mate , a lot of people here are sayin ' nice things ` bout ukraine but the truth is eu is not charity , if we can make money of ukraine we will , if it will improve level of life in ukraine that 's good if not , well , ok . 
  the only matter is how it will be sold , as `` aid '' `` investment '' `` help '' etc. 
   dont treat them like a banana republic why not ? 
  eu is not some charity , it was founded also to improve economic situation of it 's members , potato republic of ukraine is not member and for really long time it wo n't be a member . 
  why should n't we make money of ukraine and ukrainians ? 
  it 's called realpolitik and it 's perfectly reasonable to make money of it . 
  what 's not reasonable is investing in completely corrupted , broken republic during it 's wartime . 
   i think there 's even a polish embassy that still exists today over there there few eu embassies beside polish . 
   before polish-lithuanian commonwealth the region was lithuanian speaking , after that it became multi-cultural hub , it was as much polish as it was lithuanian , jewish or belarusian . 
  i 'm not denying that , hell , all i 've said is we call dzukija `` litwa '' same as your state and that many and in english we never use term dzukija but term `` lithuania '' for that region and i added that many poles are from that region . 
   the region did n't belong to poland before interwar period . 
  that 's true it was n't part of kingdom of poland but part of gdl , however poland is successor of plc , not only kingdom of poland , that 's why are views are different , we often saw that region as `` ours '' / `` polish '' as of plc. 
   the region is place of origin for polish-lithuanians , not poles . 
  that 's weird ` couse my family is from eastern part of that region and before wwii they considered themselves poles , poles from lithuania ( `` dzukija '' as you may prefer ) , but still poles , they did n't have double identinty . 
   you 're just misinterpreting our own region for your own narrative that some kind of `` other '' , `` special '' lithuania existed . 
  that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  what i 'm saying is : you call it `` dzukija '' we `` lithuania '' but we are talking about similar thing , ** a region ** . 
  there was no special `` lithuania '' it 's all about semantics dude . 
   polish-lithuanian . 
  etnically ? 
  probably . 
  nationally ? 
  well , no , not really , he considered himself polish . 
   lithuania was not a region back then any more no need to go for classic ultranationalist lithuanian mode an throw shit in poland . 
  no one is denying your statehood or calling your little state a region of poland . 
  there is misunderstanding between us . 
  you have this region called '' [ dzukija ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/77/etnoregionai.png ) '' which we used to call litwa/litwa \u015arodkowa ( lithuania/lithuania middle ) . 
  you see term `` lithuania '' was and some time still is used to name that region . 
  and again no one is saying that this dzukija/lithuania region is `` schizophrenic province of poland '' it simply is a region , nowadays mostly in lithuania . 
  however dzukija is a place of origin of many poles and in polish we still simply call it litwa ( lithuania in polish ) . 
  hope now you get why so many poles use term lithuania while they mean dzukija .
