  they should n't be considered different communities , they are one minority of commonwealth tatars that happened to live in former commonwealth land ` couse plc no longer exist . 
  tatars are well respected in polish society , for example some bastard made pigs graffiti and wrote something like `` death to islam '' etc. 
  on walls of their 400y . o. 
  wooden mosk . 
  polish nationalists found those guys leaved them by police station and gathered money for mosk renovation . 
  our immigration policies are n't that strict as many might think . 
  we let in over 400k ukrainians on limited time worker visa ( they can work for one employee for 6 months ) . 
  all you need to find is an employee ( or agency ) that 'll employ you , that 's it . 
  our refugee policies are strict , but thanks to that we receive only genuine ones , not `` money hunters '' . 
  we just do n't care of political corectness . 
  if you wan na come , please come , all you need to do is to respect our culture and traditions and do n't expect better treatment ` couse you 're from middle east/africa . 
  we treat all of migrants from outside eu and without karta polaka ( pole 's card - document confirming polish roots ) the same , does n't matter if you 're from balkans , middle east , far east etc. 
  comparing to what western europe is doing , it actually work . 
  whait , so you 're saying that it 's better to kill people in the name of pedophile from some shithole desert in middle east , than in free elections elect party that 'll do what they actually said they 'll do ( which means we 're no longer germany 's bitch ) ? 
  damn dude , that 's just #leftistlogic, 
  it 's not like they actually do something and are not afraid to stand up against muslims . 
   introduce mandatory catholic religion high school exams . 
  national employment program for youth , new minimum wage . 
  source please  support unique and paramount role of catholic church did n't sld ( former communist party during polish people republic ) wrote constitution , where catholic church were give special role in poland  increase military spending from 2 % to 2.5 % of gdp it wo n't hurt us . 
   national and moral renewal , put a stop to dominating anti-patriotic and revisionist re-writing of polish history inscribing in poles the feeling of shame and guilt . 
  the mission for public media , according to pis , is to further build national identity , support patriotism by creating appropriate content , educate the citizenry what 's wrong in building strongly patriotic ( not nationalistic or chauvinistic ) society , society that loves their culture , country , history ? 
   higher taxes for ( foreign-owned ) banks and mega stores , lower income tax for small business ( which is like 50 % of our pkb\u0107omment of mine ) . 
  higher taxes for ( foreign-owned ) banks and mega stores . 
  put a stop to taking over the media by foreigners . 
  ` defend polish soil ' and prohibit foreigners from buying land in poland this is to make it easier for polish business in poland . 
   enhance social security program for farmers , 500 zl per each child for families with low income , free prescription drugs for seniors this is purely socialism  investment credit for businesses introducing polish technology oh no !, 
  we will invest money to create our own technology , how dare they do it ?!, 
   more powers for the security apparatus ; weaken privacy laws . 
  in favor of a presidential system where president has wide ranging powers including nomination and recall of judges . 
  tough on crime : going after corporate tax dodgers , pedophiles . 
  here they 're strictening the law . 
  now please tell me at which points , exept for those marked by me as `` pure socialism '' their ideas looks to you as national-socialist . 
  he was surveilled by communist secret police during operation hyacinth . 
  law and justice learnt a lot from their mistakes in 2005-07 , also we may like or do n't like their leader mr. kaczy\u0144ski , but he 's very intelligent , well-educated ( phd in law ) man , who from hated oposition became pretty much unofficial ruler of poland . 
  it 's more like #justslavicthings, 
  they 're kind of winter war best world player , ask russians ,, 
   literally nowhere and no festivities are safe from the reach of islamic fundamentalists not in so-called `` eastern europe '' , we do n't have that problem , 
  like israel in 1940s ? 
  transnistria is a `` self governing '' ( russian depentent ) piece of land ( 200x15km ) that is officially part of moldova . 
  it 's population of ~ 500k is almost 1/3 of moldovans , 1/3 of russians , 1/3 of ukrainians . 
  russian army ( ~ 1800 of both active and civilian personel ) station there as guarancy of their `` independence '' . 
  more here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transnistria, 
  same word we use for ( living/bed / ( ... ) ) '' - room '' . 
  in older polish ( like xix-early xx century ) `` rozb\u00f3jnik '' - thug , but in modern polish we use word `` bandyta '' as a thug , however word `` rozb\u00f3jnik '' is still well known . 
  actually since polish-lithuanian commonwealth times catholic church was something that helped poles stand together , it was uniting us . 
  during the partitions of poland catholic church was helping poles preserve our culture and language . 
  during interwar period , church was investing in young poles from poorer communities , creating for eg . 
  such organisation as polish catholic patriotic organisation in eastern poland , where young poles ( of both genders ) could get education on how to properly menage their money , land , on our history etc. 
  during communists rule catholic church was uniting poles again , and pope 's pilgrimages to poland where very important for poles . 
  i 'm an atheist ( not anti-theist , just non-believer ) and i fully understand how important role catholic church played in our history , how important role it has now , many of my non-believers friends share this view . 
  yeah , when germany will pay us 2nd ww reparations ( last time i checked something about 845 trilions us$ ), 
  looks like you should ` couse democratic eu is too much for german chancellor and german press to take . 
  we had but 1-1 ,5 mln people left our country ,, 
  for canada it 's different because it 's built by migrants , you ca n't compare old countries like poland , ireland , to former colonies like canada , usa etc. 
  nigeria is mix of many tribes , like most of subsaharian africa . 
  uae have over 80 % , but you ca n't stay there if you are over ~ 63 and the only way to get citizenship is to have parent that 's a citizen of uae . 
  you 're right , that 's why we 're getting closer with china , with our own , central-eastern europe region in 16 +1 initiative where poland leads the 16 and warsaw bacome capital of it . 
  we 're cooperating like never before with v4 . 
  we know we ca n't rely upon uk , france and germany , especially when they 're getting unstable , state is helping our companies in africa , our president is doing what he can with china and china truly understand us ` couse west made them west 's bitch for some time too . 
  we 're getting cheap labor from ukraine so pretty much no gettos and no muslim related crimes . 
  we blocked climatic agreement ` couse our energy sector is coal based and firstly we pretty much ca n't afford anything else , secondly we have world 10th coal resources and it would be stupid if we did n't use them . 
  so yeah , except for taking care of national pride we started to take care of our economical and geopolitical interest too , sorry west , 
  how can one once say `` yeah , everything 'll be just fine we 'll treat you like equal partners '' and then use funds that he established to make us their bitch ? 
  how does it work ? 
   our new government ( elected last month ) is full of orthodox catholics and they do n't like the eu for giving rights to gay couples and other ungodly rules . 
  they 're not fans of eu for viewing poland as junior partner , not like equal partner like they said they 'll . 
  also `` giving rights to gay couples '' is internal state policy and have nothing to do with eu . 
   to stop a play at some theatre because the script contained a sex scene that would be performed by two porn actors . 
  yeah , becouse state payed for it . 
  he also say it 's not a problem if it 's funded by private investor/investors but our state have more important expenses like army or family-oriented financial policies . 
   public television journalist was suspended for asking him `` in an aggressive way '' about this case on air . 
  during 16 minutes she interrupted him 52 times , that 's about 3 times per minute , quite a lot . 
   if we define western to mean `` derived from europe '' in eu most common definition is west from odra river , but truly it 's most likely west from vistula river not just `` from europe '' . 
  our values cames from our traditions based on specific mix of neverending wars , paganism/christianism and love to freedom . 
  our society is not mutli-ethnic anymore thanks to west . 
  and thank god it 's not as pc as western societies are . . our language , well it 's definitelly western slavic , pretty much between previosly define west and east . 
  what do you mean by '' your economy '' and `` your government '' ? 
  plus we feel there are very little positive stuff beetween us and west , they 've almost always stabbed us in our back . 
  polish society and german society have different definitions of `` free speech '' and yours have very little to do with freedom . 
  poland is neither west or east , never was , we are one of a kind mix . 
   free speech is about governmental control of speech you see , in poland free speech is kind of part of our traditions , we love freedom , even more than safety , it 's better to die as man than live as a slave . 
  free people are aware that if they 'll say something unappropriate there might be consequences , but not from state , no sir . 
  from other citizens who might not like it/it could hurt them and i do n't mean violence but for e.g. 
  court . 
  my freedom ends when yours begin and vice versa but no govermnent should tell me where yours freedom begin , you should stand for yourself if you 're offended , go to court and demand apology , but do n't try to limit our freedom . 
  plus in some speedway cities like rzesz\u00f3w , gorz\u00f3w wielkopolski or zielona g\u00f3ra speedway is at least as popular ( to watch ) as football . 
  if you wan na go it/or some building stuff just go to politechnika wroc\u0142awska ( wroclaw technical university ) , it 's respected all around the world + it 's one and only uni in poland that get 's you visa to australia right after geting engineering deegre . 
  for about 600-700 z\u0142 ( 150-180e ) you can get a single room in wroc\u0142aw , for other 800 z\u0142 ( ~ 200e ) you can easily live if you do n't smoke cig 's and do n't party a lot . 
  for 5-6z\u0142 ( 1,25-50e ) you can get beer in the pub and there 's a lot of pubs . 
  plus i really recommend it , if you wan na go for software developer or website engineer wroclaw technical uni and wroc\u0142aw itself is great place for start . 
  yea , but this poll is ` bout middle eastern ` fugees , op 's is ` bout refugees in general . 
  we are not against taking people from ukraine , a lot of them came here running away from war or poverty , but not as '' ` fugees '' but as migrants , however before all this russian-ukrainian conflict there was about 51k ( 2011 data ) ukrainians in poland , now it 's over 0.5 mln so you can easily see connection here . 
  especially when german politicians says so . 
  why `` radicalized '' ? 
  we just do n't wan na some people in our country and it 's our right to say `` no , you 're not allowed '' . 
   democratic zie jokes on you . 
   lithuania 's polish-speaking community it 's not like they 're just poles ( not polish speaking minority ) who lived in region of lithuania ( southern part of country of lithuania and northern belarus ) who 're living there since like xv-xvi century . 
   if it was forced then it counts . 
  was it ? 
  during plc ( 'till 1796 ) it was n't , we were just the strongest culture and biggest nation in commonwealth , however during the 2nd polish republic ( 1918-39 ) we were polonising not by forcing but by giving to other option .
