   king stanis\u0142aw august poniatowski said the new constitution was `` founded principally on those of england and the united states of america , but avoiding the faults and errors of both , and adapted as much as possible to the local and particular circumstances of the country . '', 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constitution_of_may_3,_1791#features ) so yea , they knew . 
  [ constitution of 3rd may - wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constitution_of_may_3,_1791 ), 
   you will end up with millions of angry people addicted to free money with no money and food to survive . 
  that sounds like a beginning of the revolution communists always hoped for . 
  that 's actually how socialist peoples republic fell . 
  no more free money , free jobs of doing nothing , coming back to capitalism so people could actually earn money and do not be hungry . 
   if a few countries would start with basic income , how would those countries handle immigration former eastern bloc countries had de facto basic income ( you had to work , even if it was literally doing nothing , state payed you anyway ) . 
  immigration was quite easy to handle , government just shot to everyone who tried to escape that heaven to western opressive capitalists . 
  ` couse people in western europe did n't lived under communist rule . 
  they 're limiting free speech in the name of political correctnes etc. 
  every country that tried communism failed , why are we going back to the communism ? 
  you know , when you actively oppose something like that you 're islamophobic , xenophobic asshole who should be punished . 
  ussr with warsaw pact *, 
  good luck , even eastern european master of balance for years 1994-2017 , mister lukashenko , ca n't have it both, 
  those are n't same organisations , onr is polish-catholic nationalist movement , they are not pagan-fascists , like guys in the pic / u/everything _ is_koan posted . 
  becouse it 's right thing to do . 
  let 's suppose i do not want arabs in my country , does it mean i want them murdered ? 
  if arabs were targeted and murdered and i could help arabs , would i ? 
  i hope i would . 
  onr wanted jews to literally go the fuck out of poland , they were making jewish life in poland worse and miserable , onr wanted jews gone from poland , gone like move out from poland , not gone like slaughtered . 
  i 'm not saying onr were good guys , it 's more dark-grayish than black and white , but do n't portay them like nazis , they were n't nazis . 
  yes tavarish , filthy west is attackin ' poor ruski mir again / s, 
   could be  ** could be ** proof please . 
  they 're , so they spy on everyone , 
  no one is denying their pre-war antisemitism , but during holocaust they were actually saving jews and they were killed for it . 
  point is onr was saving jews during wwii , they did n't wa n't to have jews in poland , but they were pro-zionists , not pro-holocaust , during which a lot of onr leaders were killed for helping jews . 
  here 's wiki note on [ jan mosdorf - onr leader killed for helping jews during wwii . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jan_mosdorf ), 
  they 've been using that since 1930 's if i 'm correct , nothing to do with holocaust during which most of onr leadership was killed for helping jews , true story , here 's wiki note on onr leader [ jan mosdorf . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jan_mosdorf ), 
   just divide between regions with big metropolitan cities and rural regions . 
  with one exception , best little , rural voivodeship ( lubusz ) is doing slightly better than western pomerania . 
   where did poland and hungary get the idea that you could just join a club and accept their money without integrating and accepting their values ? 
  when we signed our deals with eu . 
  there was nothing ` bout leftist ideology , while a lot about economic liberalism . 
  since we had hardcore leftist state for a while we like benefits of what we have now for e.g. 
  freedom of speech . 
   you signed up to the values of the union . 
  well , we did not . 
  we signed up for economic organization , to keep free trade , freedom of movement for eu citizens . 
  not for leftist ideology . 
   french law is that french citizens are french , to say that ethnicity plays any part in making someone not french goes against the french constitution and nationality law . 
  i 'm not talking about the law , all polish jews were polish ( as citizens ) while a lot of them were n't polish ( did n't felt to be polish ) . 
  it 's pretty much the same in the west with it 's muslims . 
  i lived for a while in muslim majority getto just outside amsterdam . 
  a lot of my neighbours were 2nd/3rd gen algerians and maroccans . 
  you know why i 'm referring to them as algerians and maroccans ? 
  ` couse majority of them identify as algerians and maroccans with dutch papers , most of them barely knew dutch . 
   why is the son of hungarian immigrants french but the son of algerian immigrants not french ? 
  it 's up to that person . 
  though , unlike mena immigrants , majority of european migrants assimilate and they actually are french of polish/hungarian/czech etc. 
  origin . 
   this sort of sentiment is what makes people feel as if they do n't belong and they are outsiders , which is what leads to radicalisation and disparity within societies . 
  if majority of certain group , for example german kurds , do not identify as germans but they have german citizenship , are they germans ? 
  legally , they are german ( citizens ) but de facto they 're not germans , they are kurds with germans citizenship , that 's all , foreigners with different culture and citizenship . 
   there are some people who do n't like free flows of people because they perceive them as inherently a danger to them and their lifestyle , which is racist by any definition . 
  `` racism is discrimination and prejudice towards people based on their race or ethnicity '' i , like a lot fellow poles , do not want free flow of mena foreigners not ` couse their brown or mostly arabs , but becouse their culture vastly differs from ours and i do n't mean ` cuisine , i mean stuff like women 's rights , secularism ( yes , we somehow care ` bout that stuff ) etc. 
  is it racist ` couse we do not want everyone from around the world in a country so hardly built by many generations of poles ? 
  as it has nothing to do with their race/ethnicity i believe it 's not . 
   you 're the one who would like to change the definition of racism so that your prejudice escaped the stigma of the word . 
  actually no , he 's not . 
  it 's you who 'd like to call `` racist '' everyone who you disagree with , who , you believe should not speak freely . 
  you 're no different than those who called others `` enemies of the people '' , `` kulaks '' etc. 
   different religions as being different `` peoples most of ` french ' muslims are not native french people . 
  though it 's not only ` bout religion , they 're more like 2nd or 3rd gen foreigners with totally different culture , customs etc. 
  it 's a little bit like with jews in poland before wwii . 
  some of them were basically poles of jewish ethnicity , some of them were poles of jewish faith but still a lot of jews were basically foreigners who after many generations spoke broken polish and were not assimilated , a lot of them did n't saw poland as `` their country '' , a lot of them were anti-zionist , so after creation of isreal they would stay in poland as it 's citizens . 
  though jews did n't organized faith-based terrorist attacks , abused walfare and they actually worked . 
  i made a joke . 
  two and a half years ? 
  they 'll be out in one and a half , good job sweden , why not punish them with just 40 hrs of thrash picking , all they did was just raping a girl and broadcasting it / s, 
  russians during wwii , that was completely unhumanitarian . 
  they should 've just let russians in . 
  no borders / s, 
  though most weapons used by terrorist are illegal . 
  if you wa n't to prevent terrorist attacks by banning things , let 's make cars illegal , trucks illegal , knives illegal , hammers illegal etc. 
  it 's not like most terrorist use legal weapons . 
  if you plan to commit terrorist attack why buy legal semi-auto for 2000e if 500e buys you ukrainian/yugoslavian/mena ak ? 
  would you rather have unequally good life or equally bad with exception for ruling class ? 
  ` couse during communism we had second one . 
   beyond that your reasoning would be pretty laughable if it was n't so filled with hate and stereotyping . 
  how is it filled with hate and stereotyping ? 
   you think they are going to bring crime to poland ? 
  i believe so , greater part of polish population think so , our gov think so . 
   the polish bring crime to other countries that 'll be pretty laughable if it was n't so filled with hate and stereotyping . 
  more seriously tough , polish immigrants in western europe tend to have slightly higher crime/x people ratio than native western europeans , however it 's not that high comparing poles to non-european immigrants . 
   there also is no `` native '' population of poland it 's always been a multiethnic , multi-faith , state . 
  it was multi-ethnic , multi-faith ( though official religion was catholicism ) however since 1945 it is not , we like it this way . 
  well saying there so native population in poland is like saying there 's no native population anywhere . 
  poland is state established by united western slavic tribes , later it was lead and ruled by it 's western slavic catholic native to central europe territory population . 
  that western slavic population are called poles . 
  do not give me this shit that there 's no native population of poland . 
   prior to the holocaust it was the global capital for jews . 
  so what ? 
  most of them immigrated to poland and never assimilated . 
  before wwii they were just 8 % of polish population . 
   mostly was n't even poland until after ww2 half of it used to be german ( for hundreds of years ) . 
  before it was german it was polish , hell , it was polish for longer period of time than it was german e.g. 
   it 's gypsy and tatar population predate the polish state by hundreds of years .
