  czech republic , it 's wonderful country , beatiful mountains , if i 'd like to swim in the sea it 's not so far away to slovenia or croatia , similar culture though it 's more secular and liberal ( like lgbt or weed ) , good salaries for it guys ( compared to cost of living ) , great food , in prague english is very common , though my first language is polish so it 's not so difficult to handle basic communication with natives . 
  if you understand few words of other slavic language and other foreign slav speaks slow it 's possible to have conversation while you speak polish and foreigner use his/her language , one difficult thing is accent , you just have to get used to it . 
  source : i 'm working with ukrainians , it 's possible to have long conversations as long as both sides use simple words . 
  i 'm speaking polish , my friends ukrainian and we get along , though it looks weird/funny when other people see such conversations . 
  she was a ( female ) king , ` couse our lawmakers back in the days never assumed that poland will be in situation were female ( queen ) will rule a country , due to that our nobles pretty much said `` fuck it , she 'll be a king '' . 
  it was legal issues that made her king not queen , not the linguistics . 
  nowadays , but back in the days , we actually had a border , but luckily it was border set on carpathian mountains , it would be very difficult to invade one another , we also had common enemies , like holy roman empire since the beginning of our existance and later ottoman empire . 
  long story short ; good borders and common enemies make good friends . 
  good friendship last forever . 
  while for example taxed gasoline is ok , ` couse you pay as much money as you use gasoline and most of it goes for roads that you actually use while using gasoline , or property/income tax payed local that goes for local infrustucture etc. 
  is completely ok , but taxing someone inheritance is just a theft . 
  tax itself is not bad thing , it becomes a bad thing when you tax something you should n't . 
  can you imagine `` kid-tax '' , ` couse you know not everyone can have kids and by taxing you ( as a parent ) , we 're trying to make it possible to `` soon-to-be-parents '' ? 
  socialism is n't the way mate , i know what i 'm talking about ` couse i live in former `` real socialist '' , marxist-leninism country , but by what you just wrote you seems to be fan of these guys . 
  you still do n't get that , it was n't some kind of `` new-poland '' . 
  it was a place ( still is actually ) where polish people ( and polonized locals ) lived for centuries , where poles were majority . 
  back in the time no pole could even imagine poland without such cities as lw\u00f3w or wilno , wilno was n't some periferal small town , or important industrial city , it was just seen as part of rzeczpospolita ( the republic , heir of polish-lithuanian commonwealth ) , as something we own , poles pretty much created that city in it 's shape ( since xvii century 'till 1940 's ) . 
  though in that case [ majority inhabitants of that territorry were poles ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/republic_of_central_lithuania#ethnic_and_national_background ) , all of the cities were majority polish , while towns were mostly jewish then polish , it also was as important place for us as kosovo is for serbs , [ in wilno lithuanians where less than 1 % ( ! ), 
  of population ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vilnius#demographics ) . 
  situation might be similar , but we have to remember the difference . 
  edit - wiki links, 
   yes . 
  at least the soviet union can excuse some of it 's actions as necessary for survival . 
  like exporting food while over 7mln of their own people starved to death ? 
  like mass deportations of poles to siberia and northern kazahstan simply for being poles ? 
  or maybe killing over 111k poles in 1937 simply for being poles ( polish action of nkvd ) ? 
  what actions they can excuse as necessary for survival ? 
  care to explain why ? 
   with the most evil history in the world they can rivalize with uk , russia , belgium , france , china , japan , turkey , usa and probably many more for that title . 
  i mean , they 've done terrible things , without doubt , but are they really no. 1 ? 
  by sterilization and abortion , by mixing better genes with better genes etc. 
  however not by killing people ( as long as abortion does not count ) . 
  yes it is dangerous as fuck , today people with family history of heart disease ca n't have kids , tommorrow blue eyed people ca n't have kids etc. 
  but still it 's not classic genocide like armenian . 
  eugenism was more about creating better human , it was n't actually about killing people . 
  i love australian alps , it 's a shame though they participated in partitions of poland . 
  awesome animals , especially dropbears . 
  you know , ukrainian guerillas slaughtered ~ 80k of polish civilians simply becouse they were polish and now those guerillas are `` national heroes '' and have their monuments and ukraine names streets after those guys , it 's hard to blame us , 
  you know , turks in poland are mostly nice , hardworking people , and almost everyone knows that nice `` turk '' ( who 's often hindu or kurdish ) that makes your kebab . 
  depends whether we 're talking ` bout somali or black westerner . 
  you know , black american = american , somali = somali . 
  far east asian like japanese or vietnamese is just another fellow tourist/immigrant , while iraqi or palestinian is seen as another fellow terrorist ( maybe i 'm exaggerating , but you know where i 'm heading ) . 
   indians or latinos literaly non existent , more like `` some exotic people '' . 
   also how are those of mixed race if you will ( white x black , white x asian etc ) viewed in poland ? 
  if they are tourists they are tourists , if they 're of polish parent and non polish parent and identify themselve as polish they 're polish , pretty much no one cares . 
  ethnicity and self-identification matters here , not race . 
  also how do you behave , if you 're nice black student you 'll be treated like nice foreign student . 
   an empire that stretches nearly to vienna and encompasses hungary , moldavia , wallachia , the balkans and greece was mongol empire european ? 
  you know , for a moment they even were as far as silesia ( nowadays western poland ) , they succesfuly occupied rus states ( nowadays ukraine and russia ) and actually ruled what 's now southern russia/north of caucasus . 
  by your argument they were european . 
  what studies ? 
  pasterz is shepard , pastuch is not a nice name for a shepard , but still a shepard , calm down slavs . 
  never heard of it, 
  why ? 
  becouse instead of regional rival we 've got source of cheap labor and place where we can export our stuff . 
  that depends on a definition , russia claims to be heir of novgorodian \\ kievan rus , ukraine claims it as well . 
  well , that 's true . 
  in '90s they were portrayed as a post-commie country that should succed and should be regional power in the next ~ 30yrs . 
  with their resources and their arable land i 'm shocked to see how they fucked up . 
  though it '' s better for my country that they did . 
  our gov. 
  is not considered far right by our standards , they 're basically catholic socialists . 
   if you do n't to allow immigrant to come your county , then you are free to do so . 
  we 're not against immigration to poland as general , we 're against taking ultra-conservative foreigners from completely different culture and paying for it . 
   although i quite like poland , it 's true that you have some really bad scum 's as every country , though for what i mentioned earlier poland is being portrayed as almost worst scum of europe . 
   yet it 's not about being against migration or whatever , it 's about spreading hatred . 
  if certain groups of people spread hatred against free speech , women , people of other religions and we wo n't allow such people to come here in the first place , we will have one less hatefull group to care about in our borders . 
  it is related . 
   also you have shit loads of anti-semitic stuff , which is quite dumb considering what the fucking nazis did to you well , after wwii jews were about 1 % of our population , however they were overrepresented in `` our '' communist government , secret police , over 30 % of our judges , prosecutors during stalinist era were jewish . 
  they were literally sentencing polish undeground soldiers , of home army , of polish armed forces in the west etc. 
  to death for fighting nazis . 
  i 'm not trying to say `` it 's ok to hate jews ` couse they 're jews '' , i 'm just trying to clarify why some people here do n't like jews . 
  hate towards jews here is pretty much of anti-communist background , not anti-zionist . 
   how do n't you allow such groups to speak ? 
  pretty much same as in the west , by portraying hateful groups as hateful groups not as `` cool antifascists '' or `` members of religion of peace '' . 
   and yes i endorse fighting against fascism , nazism . 
  it 's funny how fast you can become fascist nowadays . 
  i do n't endorse violence towards peoples of different beliefs/political views , it 's just barbaric . 
  it 's relevant to what you wrote . 
  you seem to endorse far-left violence towards far-right people . 
  then you wrote , that by allowing free speech to `` fucking nazis or any ** other organization aiming oppress some other groups ** '' we get such situations as in article . 
  you have to decide , whether you condemn actions of violance aimed towards one group based on their beliefs/political beliefs or not . 
  since we do n't like such situations like one in the article in poland , we do n't want far-left/right groups in our country , especially foreign ones ( domestic ones are easier to control ) . 
  however when we do n't wan na allow such groups to speak in poland and we do n't wan na import such groups and pay for it we 're literally second worst europe 's scum , just after russia . 
  so yes , it 's relevant to the topic . 
   this is what happens when you give free speech to the fucking nazis or any other organization aiming oppress some other groups . 
  yet when we do n't want foreign muslims we 're literally nazi 's , backward people who should be punished for not taking ultra conservative foreigners . 
  quite progressive for post-commies and , if i 'm not wrong , the most atheist country in eu . 
  he ca n't , no poland for 123 years , no continuous law . 
  it is n't ? 
   taturk winning the turkish independence war . 
  this and ethnic cleansings and genocides , it 's easier to hold those borders in armenian and greek free turkey than it would be in turkey full of armenians and greeks . 
  long story short immigrants votes left . 
  most likely we 'll get those f35s , ` couse you know , poor people ca n't afford cheap stuff . 
  and somehow isreal wants and gets money for death of polish citizens . 
  ` couse you know , those jews were polish citizens . 
  nah , prussia took land that used to be ours , so technically we get our land back . 
  we had trans mp , she was n't the best mp we had but still she was just another polish left wing mp not `` look at me , i 'm trans '' mp , i guess that 's why we have relatively high score . 
   where is the capital ? 
  in novgorod veliky ( or something like that ) , later in kiev .
