not really a propaganda painting but rather national romanticist painting, 
  it 's a fucking nipple holy shit censor it, 
  i think the labrador is quite popular here as well . 
  though recently i 've seen more and more spanish & portuguese water dogs around . 
  [ cute ] ( https://www.google.fi/search?q=spanish+water+dog&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=993&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0cayq_auoawovchmixkcgojnexwivz3xych1xrged# ) little things . 
  i also have one . 
  it 's not like that all ( op 's video ) . 
  most people view the us positively here but of course their politics cause some distrust ( nsa , the war in middle east , capitalism etc ) . 
  manneken pis is actually pretty underwhelming . 
  why is this guy being downvoted lol, 
  til helsinki speaks swedish, 
  nice , we 're alcoholics in every opinion map . 
  but when i think about last friday ^ it 's ^ ^ actually ^ ^ ^ quite ^ ^ ^ ^ true ^ ^ ; __ ;, 
  this makes me want to take pictures and post them online . 
  gangsta , i know . 
  meanwhile we ca n't get even 1 pirate elected . . 
  i 'd fry some minced meat , put some salt and pepper , put the steak between the fried buns and add some cheddar and lettuce ^ i ^ ^ hate ^ vegetables . 
  if i wanted to get wild i 'd put two steaks or maybe even use reindeer/veal meat . 
  then i 'd eat it and never do it again and go to mcdonald 's every time i feel like eating a burger . 
  compare us to sweden . 
  czech beer and their prices pls . 
  true , i was just speaking of my own experience . 
  i still have lots to see in europe . 
   spain ... the people will run you over if you are on the road or not same with italy , i almost died . 
  savages . 
  yesterday i was at a bus stop in helsinki and heard an old guy having a conversation with an american . 
  it was pretty funny . 
  he did small talk pretty decently and ranted about hip-hop , haha . 
  it was a bit cringeworthy but these kind of things make days a little better . 
  people in the south are pretty much as antisocial as we when it comes to talking with strangers ( not sure about spain , portugal , greece or croatia cause never been there but probably the same thing . ), 
  ca n't even . 
  well to be fair op is pretty high on karma ... 
  i hate our beers as well . 
  czech and german ones are the best imo . 
  i can see it now !, 
  edit : it 's gone, 
  tied\u00e4n ettei t\u00e4\u00e4ll\u00e4 paista koskaan aurinko mutta olisivat edes laittaneet meid\u00e4t kartalle :( * i know the sun never shines here but they could 've at least included us on the map :( *, 
  he 's right though . 
  that light yellow gave me cancer . 
  the finns party is cancer . 
  the climate in the mediterranean ... motherfucking palm trees and sunshine . 
  are those even real ? 
  i had n't even heard of pristina or podgorica . 
   when olmost retire , finland m\u00e4n h\u00e4v hart \u00e4t\u00e4k . 
  not tel enipadi , pekoos is shame . 
  then die . 
  those are just afwul imo . 
  lmao that middle finger, 
  i never thought i 'd spend over 2,5 k hours on a video game . 
  dota 2 . 
  january was extremely cold in finland at least so i guess it must 've been pretty cold in estonia as well ? 
  that 's pretty underwhelming, 
  how the hell did pedobear evolve into that, 
   russia launches alternative to visa , mastercard annoying title . 
  it implies that the alternative to visa that russia is launching is mastercard . 
  i think southern finland is 10-24 % nowadays, 
  / r/cringe oh no , downboats . 
  this might 've been funny the first time but now it 's just the same joke repeated . 
  somehow i doubt that . 
  i ca n't see any reason against a euro army as long as it 's a defensive army . 
  i guess the lack of support comes from the fear that you 'd get sent to fight in syria or in any offensive operation . 
  i doubt that would be the case since we already have voluntary troops for peacekeeping operations . 
  finland is the guy awkwardly drinking and looking at his phone edit : that 's actually me irl, 
  actually 0 degrees is even worse because then the snow is wet and it 's most likely raining sleet . 
  and when you 're wet in the cold and ca n't get yourself dry it 's actually much worse than being somewhat dry in -28 c . you can keep yourself warm by moving and having enough clothes but you ca n't always dry or change your clothes in the forest . 
  true , but it was also one the funniest experiences as well . 
  it was quite amusing to see your comrades tripping and falling in the slopes while yelling perkele . 
  til slavs are ratchet af, 
  i do n't think anybody outside finland cares tbh . 
  hell , a lot of finns do n't care which is sad . 
  pasta with ketchup . 
  that 's because i feel like american and canadian soldiers probably would n't have as much morale to protect baltic countries for example , except maybe those stationed already here in europe though . 
  but the biggest issue is the tension that joining nato would create . 
  joining nato would be a high risk high reward scenario where we either cause relations to get so bad that it leads to a new cold war or that we 'd just join nato and annoy putin but nothing else . 
  and we 'd have a much stronger defence . 
  the finnish defence force is strong enough to counter a russian attack where it would be only a part of a larger military operation like ww3 . 
  but if they 'd attack us with their full military force , without nato or european army we 'd stand no chance . 
  no one knows which situation is more likely . 
  this is the worst case scenario and to be honest , i think this peaceful era in history continues for at least 50 more years . 
  i do n't really think putin or the russian people have any interest to annex whole countries . 
  but we 'll have to wait and see what happens in ukraine ... 
  ok ok sorry , not a russian troll i promise . 
  here you go lol . 
  maybe one day i can go outside without a jacket , one day ... 
  i 'm glad i 'm only allergic to birch pollen , which spreads during late spring . 
  luckily it 's getting easier for me every year . 
  when i was a kid , that shit was unbearable . 
  the tl ; dr history of finland :  under swedish rule 1249 -- 1809 . 
  nothing happened except for christianity , some trade , some wars and slow development  sweden loses finland to russia , finland becomes an autonomous part of russia 1809-1917 russian rulers ( alexanders and nikolais ) were nice or less nice . 
   independence in 1917 lenin gives finland independence , yay . 
   in 1918 , civil war . 
  the senate versus communists , the senate wins . 
  ugly things happened , bad start for an independent country  it 's 1939 , winter war . 
  stalin and hitler want to conquer eastern europe . 
  soviets attack , oh shit . 
  tiny finland fights back bravely against the huge soviet union , keeps its independence . 
  legends are born . 
  war ends quickly . 
  finland is the only country in the eastern front to keep its independence . 
   soon , in 1941 , continuation war .
