pursuing my interests ? 
  not really . 
  we had it first , 
  exactly . 
  that money is much better spent in development and humanitarian aid, 
  see his flair, 
  this just confirms that soros controls memes / s, 
  that is one of the most obvious aims of isis , pretty sure they 've orchestrated an attack or two, 
  you must not know a lot about german history, 
  you correctly state that these atrocities were committed in the name of atheism , however the thing about atheism is that it is not a unitary system . 
  atheists can have as many ludicruous beliefs as they like , as long as they do not believe in any higher being . 
  claiming something in the name of atheism is pretty meaningless . 
  that 's an interesting example to take , considering the fact that turks in germany were systematically insulated by germany as part of the gastarbeiterprogramm in the 60s and 70s . 
  they did not choose to insulate themselves . 
  the fact that dissatisfactions about those times are still present today is hardly surprising . 
  in addition to what / u/sneezingdeer has already mentioned , i do n't think it 's reasonable to answer a conservative muslim 's intolerance with a western brand of intolerance . 
  should there be more efforts to prevent european muslims from becoming intolerant of western freedoms ? 
  absolutely . 
  but the fact that some countries are better at integrating their muslim communities than others is nothing new . 
  this is excellent news . 
  in case some do n't know , palm oil is a prime cause of [ habitat destruction ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_and_environmental_impact_of_palm_oil?wprov=sfla1 ), 
  whilst taxation is important , it alone would not resolve the issue of uber drivers not being recognised as employees, 
  yeah , last i checked rojava has its own terrorist problem to deal with, 
  risotto milanese is pretty kickass too, 
  lol sure, 
  by definition , [ anton mussert ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anton_mussert?wprov=sfla1 ) is a nationalist too . 
  would you say that he did n't do any harm either ? 
  in addition to what some of the other commenters have pointed out , french codes are usually institutional , meaning that single articles of a law can be applied in and of themselves , whereas german codes have a geometric structure and the earliest provisions within a law are general provisions that apply to all succeeding parts ( specific provisions , meaning that multiple provisions often must be applied simultaneously . 
  thanks for the clarification, 
  yes , but the referendum itself is not legally binilding , correct ? 
  section 30 orders can be initiated by the scottish parliament alone if i am not mistaken, 
  will this be an advisory referendum like the brexit referendum ? 
  the correct translation would in fact be federal diet, 
  conspiracy is just the planning of a crime . 
  tinfoil hats are optional for investigating who actually did the planning, 
   what do we want ? 
  more security ? 
  or more privacy ? 
  i 'm afraid those decisions have already been made for you by governments . 
  there are underlying trends within anti-terrorism policy-making that are clearly pro-security . 
   i ca n't be the only one who is confused by his own reaction . 
  i know exactly what you mean , [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7zohjykgzjm ) might be some solace, 
  federalism has everything to do with this , as we are discussing referenda in the us state level , as you so kindly quoted from / u/trolleybusisreal . 
  you dismissed local referenda as irrelevant , which i would argue is inaccurate when considering the us , as the states hold a significant amount of autonomy ; every state can legislate in any area not reserved for the federal government ( 10th amendment ) . 
  some of these referenda/policies can be significant for national policy . 
   this is what the americans get right . 
  no referendums , brutally hard to change the constitution etc. 
  those are not mutually inclusive concepts . 
  referenda can strengthen the connection between a government and the people , and not all are binding ( brexit is purely advisory ) . 
  the fact that the constitution is hard to change also does not help the fact that things such as [ gerrymandering ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gerrymandering_in_the_united_states#remedies ) or the electoral college are still an issue . 
  you also mention in another comment that you prefer `` grand coalitions instead of the tyranny of the majority '' , which is fundamentally impossible to achieve in the 2 party system of the united states , due to the difficulty of constitutional change . 
   not on national issues . 
  local referendums are irrelevant what are you on about ? 
  federalism is one of the cornerstones of the united states . 
  sure , but if you call someone a terrorist , you imply that their act adheres to a concrete ideological/political goal . 
  the state is doing them a huge favour by calling them terrorists, 
  the reason law enforcement use the term so much is because it grants them greater investigative powers, 
  i 'm curious , what to you is the difference between a terrorist and a mass murderer ? 
  sure , but what really is the difference between this and someone committing several counts of murder ? 
  why does their pathetic ideology matter ? 
  haha , they do n't even need to, 
  [ reminds me of this ] ( https://www.twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/518449173549830144 ), 
  na , but general germanophobia is still pretty common , even in this sub, 
  mars, 
  oh yes , because everbody loves it when germany rearms / s, 
  if you ever become a german state , you can be the bavaria of the north < 3, 
  what a stupid thing to say, 
  what is the cda like ? 
  they seem very similar to the vvd, 
  i mean , afd might not even make the 5 % threshold if they keep evolving into a xenophobic dumpster fire , are n't they on like 8 % at the moment ? 
  lol , you 're literally smaller than nrw , 
  can some french people explain why hamon is doing so poorly ? 
  from everything i 've read thusfar he seems like a good candidate , if not better than macron, 
  that shit was still trendy [ 100 years ago ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/cf/71/41/cf7141fa960cde76754c0bfe9b494bd9.jpg ), 
  huh ? 
  this is standard procedure , malta just held the presidency for 6 months, 
  swiss army pitchfork, 
  that 's possibly because misconduct by corporations in germany is outside of the field of criminal law , and instead punished under the regulatory offences act ( gesetz \u00fcber ordnungswidrigkeiten - owig ) . 
  that distinction may be why germany refuses to recognise the criminal liability of the execs . 
  vw and niedersachsen are pretty much synonyms, 
  not sure whether you 're addressing poland or the ncr here, 
  just had one today actually, 
  while i disagree that poland is as bad as hungary , i 'd say that the government taking over state media and limiting the competences of the constitutional tribunal are pretty un-free in my book . 
  malle, 
  or just melt your local pleistocene glacier, 
  if that is true , that tv show would have been a metal detector, 
  alternatively , an ad-block-blocker-blocker with tampermonkey works too, 
   joachim hermann more drivel from that bumbling oaf, 
  since when does germany have class action suits ? 
  yeah , a commission proposal to harmonise the market for 4g on an eu level would be much more effective . 
  would love to see denmark price levels across the board . 
  exactly this . 
  you hear so often about some company being `` saved '' by chinese investors , but it turns out that foreign companies are not allowed to have a majority stake in chinese companies - not exactly an even playing field . 
  that is in large part due to the different rights of tenants in comparison to the rights of home owners . 
  i have encountered situations where tenants can demand to have a modification made , because they have a right to sun protection for example , whilst a homeowner may be disallowed from doing that on their own accord for safety reasons or some such . 
  / u/collectiveindividual confirmed saboteur by commenting facts on internet forum, 
  you must be confusing access with potential, 
  cute that all the subs were named, 
   that 's why the me was majority christian 1300 years ago and now scarcely any remain . 
  they 've been cleansed .
