  i think you 're underestimating the ability , or indeed will , to run another better together campaign . 
  scottish labour were the forefront of the campaign last time and they have essentially collapsed . 
  the lib dem membership is now openly discussing supporting independence , in no small part to now being the 4th party behind the pro-independence greens , which leaves the conservatives as the only remaining public face . 
  the most public campaigns for scotland to remain in the uk back in 2014 were launched from london . 
  many people there felt passionately that scotland should stay , but can you honestly say you could [ see similar scenes post-brexit ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2014/09/15/scottish-independence-trafalgar-square-rally_n_5824342.html ) ? 
  london and scotland both voted remain by around 60 % ; many of those campaigning hardest to keep scotland in the uk are now , post-brexit , thinking that scotland has an opportunity to escape the lunacy of what the uk is about to embark on . 
   if there 's indyref2 in 2018 , i will be fucking delighted . 
  trust me , it 's not my wish to wait for the 2020 's . 
  i want indyref dead asap . 
  personally , i think this attitude is why the uk is essentially over . 
  your assumption is that this is some kind of one-off event , personalised by sturgeon ( just as the media personalised 2014 into it being all about salmond ) , and that once it 's done it 's done . 
  the reality is that scotland has largely fallen out of love with the idea of the uk . 
  62 % of people described their identity in the 2011 census as `` scottish only '' ( scottish & british was 18 % , british only was 8 % ) , almost half the country voted to leave in 2014 , and support for the union has remained static ever since . 
  the challenge facing the uk is not seeing off a single politician , or even party . 
  it is that scotland is quite openly asking if the uk is any longer the right choice for scotland . 
  i used to think it was . 
  i no longer do . 
  i do n't see the uk making any steps whatsoever to change my mind . 
   i think we wo n't see another referendum until the 2020 's . 
  we 'll see a referendum once the uk decides to pull the trigger of the a50 gun it 's currently pointing at its foot . 
  if the uk does in fact go ahead with a hard brexit , as is being suggested , there is no reason for scotland to wait for that to play out to realise that yes , actually , leaving the eu was a mistake . 
  this idea that scotland should wait `` because maybe it 'll all be fine '' is a britnat fantasy . 
  oops , my mistake - it was basically 1m leave vs 1.6 m remain . 
  in the quest for extra emphasis i managed to shoot myself in the foot . 
   more than a million scottish people voted to leave the eu . 
  and more than a million scottish people voted to remain . 
  over half a million more in fact . 
   i 've not seen any polling that suggests scots had no interest in there being an eu referendum . 
  have you seen any polling to suggest they did ? 
   because the finance minister has already made the pledge . 
  for the next three years :  while the treasury guarantee will be welcomed by the groups affected , it lasts only until 2020 . 
  there could be a scramble for funding after that unless the guarantee is extended . 
   i did n't know this , which is why i was asking . 
  it is not unique to wales either . 
  the [ uk received farming subsidies ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-24874125 ) specifically due to the condition of the scottish farming industry then chose to spend those subsidies across the uk . 
   what 's a b&q ? 
  castorama . 
   they only revoked it after they appointed him to it !, 
  i believe that is the traditional sequence of events , yes . 
   as it is they appointed trump `` scottish business ambassador '' on the strength of his scottish ethnicity ... [ and then revoked it ] ( http://www.scotsman.com/news/politics/donald-trump-axed-as-scots-business-ambassador-1-3971000 ) . 
   so people keep claiming . 
  primarily because article 50 has yet to be triggered . 
   however , you 're also the same people who claimed that the brexit apocalypse would be immediate as companies flee the country before they 're hit . 
  like any other doomsday prophecy , you 'll keep pushing it back every time your armageddon fails to show . 
  no , i do n't think i 've ever said the `` brexit apocalypse '' will be immediate . 
  the impact has been fairly minimal so far as , beyond some basic forward planning , there has been no need for companies to change anything . 
   if they wanted to support independence , now would be the time to do it . 
  achieving independence post actual brexit will be much more difficult . 
  i agree . 
  i think sturgeon 's timetable will be to wait until a50 is triggered and , once the uk is committed to leaving , hold a second independence referendum . 
  if she calls pre-brexit and wins then she has the easiest path into the eu . 
  if she loses they 'll need to wait for a few decades before holding another . 
  if she calls and wins post-brexit then she has a harder path into the eu , and if she loses post-brexit then she also has to wait a few decades before holding another . 
  in which case your choice is really call one before when conditions are best , call one after when conditions are worse , and if you lose either way it 's off the table for a couple of decades . 
  there is a lot of `` oh , just wait until after , maybe brexit will turn out fine '' muttering from unionists at this point but that seems a fairly obvious tactic . 
  as sure as night follows day those commentators will switch to `` you had your chance , you 'll never be allowed into the eu as spain will veto you '' post-brexit . 
   soon enough the snp glory days will be over as people realise they are actually pretty shit at running a country . 
  yes , that 's normally how democracy works . 
  on the other hand they did just win another election so i guess you 'll have to wait a while longer . 
   do people genuinely think westminster would have ignored the referendum ? 
  it would be extremely difficult to justify politically but `` legally binding '' means `` compelled by law '' . 
  that is not how referendums work in the uk . 
   says a minority of scottish people . 
  so far . 
   it does and polls show that . 
  support for independence rose in the immediate aftermath of the brexit vote and then fell back to where they were before . 
  people got angry then calmed down . 
  primarily because article 50 has yet to be triggered . 
  until such time as it is triggered - if ever - nothing has changed . 
   it may have to join the euro though !, 
  scotland would have to make a commitment to join the euro . 
  when that commitment is exercised is up to the state in question . 
   is it in accordance with professional ethics of a barrister to willingly spread lies ? 
  he is a conservative mp . 
   i 'm talking about the first referendum that westminster allowed . 
  it was legally binding with a bill passed in westminster . 
  no uk referendum has ever been , or can ever be , `` legally binding '' . 
  the basis of westminster 's parliamentary sovereignty is that no parliament can bind its successors . 
  cameron could have given a solemn oath that he would honour the result of a yes vote in 2014 and may could legally have disregarded it the minute she took office . 
   the high court disagree well , they 've agreed to consider if they will agree or disagree . 
  they have not yet reached a judgement . 
    iraq war was voted in parliament despite people not being too sure about it . 
  the same thing here if brexit is voted and rejected . 
  much as i 'd like that to be the case personally , i would n't hold out too much hope . 
  the objection that has been made is about parliamentary sovereignty . 
  the exact same point was made in 1975 with the eec referendum , however the exact same process has been followed this time . 
  a bill is created by the government to legislate for a referendum and , after a successful plebiscite , the government implements the public 's choice . 
  i expect that precedent , ironically enough , to be what decides it in the government 's favour . 
  parliament has to be involved in the implementation of that decision , but it 's by no means obvious that parliamentary sovereignty gives them the right to overrule the expressed will of the people ( given that the whole point of that sovereignty is that * they * represent the will of the people rather than the monarch ) . 
   in any case mps will have to vote on passing a50 in parliament . 
  [ the uk government disagrees ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-britain-eu-penrose-idukkcn0zr1um ) . 
  there is now an [ ongoing court case ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/brexit-no-plans-trigger-article-50-this-year-uk-high-court-told-legal-challenge-1571483 ) , but bear in mind that the uk does not have a written constitution that sets out exactly what should happen in cases like this . 
  that vagueness is deliberate ; it makes it very difficult to dissuade uk prime ministers from a course they 're set on . 
  opposition to iraq was far more widespread ( there are n't a million people marching to overturn brexit ) , it was hugely controversial in the commons , yet blair was able to push that through . 
   ireland would absolutely veto any attempt to kick the uk out of the eu against their will . 
  article 7 is a qmv . 
  there is no veto . 
   britain and ireland share a common travel area that predates the eu and both nations want it preserved post brexit . 
  that will have to be resolved regardless of how the uk leaves the eu . 
   i do n't think they can do it later because that would mean it wo n't be done before 2020 which has both uk and eu parliament elections .
