  if you 're going to be in london ( using heathrow/gatwick airports ) , add on an extra couple of hours travel time just for getting through the airport . 
  paris is certainly easier to get to ( direct flights from several uk airports ) , and unless there 's a specific metal festival on then paris arguably has more stuff to see as a tourist ( plus you save up brownie points for a future tour of euro metal festivals ... :-), 
  military alliances like nato are hardly new though - they have been going on for hundreds of years , and what seems like an unshakeable alliance can quickly turn sour . 
  the trick behind the eu is that entangling economies within each other makes it harder and harder to pull them apart as time goes on - countries become more interdependent , not less . 
  even if a demagogue does come to power , he essentially needs to damage his own country in order to damage another . 
   pretty quickly our healthcare would be eu and not national , our police would be eu and not national ... local control over those parts of life is quite important , but a more positive way to look at things is that the eu is trying to set basic standards - it 's not trying to `` take over '' anything . 
  for example we enjoy minimum standards for food , packaging , safety in the workplace , human rights , due process , etc which simply do n't exist in many parts of the world . 
  from that viewpoint harmonising national standards is no bad thing : unifying legal systems would be a century-long project , but in the short term having basic standards for healthcare ( a blood transfusion in italy or germany should be equally safe ) or police cooperation ( a criminal in france should n't be able to vanish simply by walking over to spain ) seem sensible . 
  ca n't tell if serious ... or a uk politician . 
  the origins of the eu lie in preventing war - the organisation it came from was created in the 1950s to `` make war not only unthinkable , but materially impossible '' ( if you 're looking for a working class angle , working class men did much of the fighting and dying in pretty much every war in europe over the past thousand years ) . 
  this was primarily between france and germany , who have had several devastating wars over hundreds of years , and the idea was to bind economies together to make it counter-productive to go to war against a country who supplied you/you supplied with trade . 
  this has evolved into the idea of the `` internal market '' - this guarantees the free movement of goods , capital , services , and people within the eu . 
  this lets an italian manufacturer sell to a french retailer without much more bureaucracy than if he was selling internally . 
  similarly if you 're not having much luck finding work in your home town , you can pick up and move to another country ( almost ) as easily as moving to another city in your own . 
  the best analogy would be if the relationship between california and nevada was like the us and argentina : if you wanted to go from a to b you 'd need a visa and could be deported , if you wanted to sell goods you might need an export licence and would need to pay import taxes , if you wanted to invest in a business there you might need permission from your own government first , prior to the euro you would need different currencies if you went to see friends/on vacation , etc. 
  the analogy is n't perfect , as countries within the eu have a much stronger self-identity than states in the us ( who do have a self-identity , but identify much more as part of the us than european countries do with the eu ) . 
  this is really just history though - most of the countries in europe are 1000 + years old , the eu is 50 years old . 
  it has been fantastically successful at its initial goal ( the idea that the uk would actually attack france is , for the first time in a long time , literally insane ) , however there is a tension between the idea of greater and closer union ( essentially harmonising legislation between countries ) and the idea of it being a partnership of individual nations . 
  many of those tensions are similar to the ones that played out within individual countries in the past though : most european countries are composed of regions which were once at war with one another , which gradually combined into the countries we see today . 
   very few people in the uk support the eu . 
  attitudes vary widely - most of the rabid dislike is concentrated in the south east . 
  a `` muddled mess '' is a good idea imo - the more concentrated power is , the easier it is to abuse ( and people are genetically compelled to abuse power ) . 
  inefficiency in how we interact with each other is a key part of being human . 
  not everything needs to be perfect , and continual positive-ish change is better than trying to obtain one perfect approach . 
  the problem with perfection is it encourages unquestioning adherence , which is how you descend into the flag-waving inanity the us republicans are stuck in ( it is literally impossible for a republican to be captured on film without having n miniature american flags in the background ) . 
  do n't give them ideas !, 
  pro - a single market and freedom of movement have been incredibly powerful tools to prevent politicians from leading their people into war . 
  it 's a lot harder to create `` the enemy '' when a sizeable chunk of your population has been there on holiday and your economy is based on buying and selling from there . 
  which is n't to say it 's perfect : it 's unwieldy and unaccountable in lots of ways , but probably no more so than similar-sized political bodies . 
  there is nowhere near the same feeling of `` togetherness '' than there is in entities like the us , but i do n't think anyone seriously thinks of the eu as a country : it 's a partnership , and one that has ( in the long run ) benefited pretty much everyone . 
  you 're all savages . 
  [ er , yes !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ag7ljvcj50y ) ( it 's fried potato , it needs the sauce ), 
  * were * not * where * , but very true . 
  you do n't know what you 're missing !, 
  no , we put vinegar on both . 
  [ crisps ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crisps#flavored_chips ) ( or chips ) come in a bag in various flavours ( salted , vinegar , cheese & onion , barbecue , etc ) . 
  you eat these for lunch with a sandwich and an apple . 
  [ chips ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fish_and_chips#accompaniments ) ( or fries ) come in a box/newspaper with battered fish/sausage/chicken / etc ( flavoured with salt/vinegar/brown sauce/curry sauce/mushy peas depending on location ) . 
  you eat these at 2 in the morning on your way home from the pub . 
  the [ original article ] ( http://blogs.channel4.com/faisal-islam-on-economics/euro-collapse-contingencies-at-davos-is-berlin-listening/16096 ) makes it clear that these are electronic transactions being discussed , not paper banknotes . 
  the bank in question is presumably making an internal risk assessment on the likelihood of a run on that bank from specific countries ( if you have millions of $ from greek depositors , and you think greece is likely to leave the euro , you 'll need to prepare for those depositors to want their $ s back as they transfer them into physical assets ) . 
  no , all euro bills are created equal - they 're issued by different member states , but by definition they 're interchangeable . 
  the idea that their value is somehow linked to the country that printed them is a favourite of right-wing uk newspapers , particularly [ the telegraph ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/finance/ianmcowie/100014982/greek-euros-how-to-spot-them/ ) . 
   how is speaking 3 additional languages going to help us ? 
  whereof one can not speak , thereof one must be silent . 
  assuming by ` force ' you mean taken into care , presumably that authority already exists for truly extreme situations . 
  this sounds more like something for people who are organised enough to obtain welfare payments , yet somehow not organised enough to give their children the education that 's available to them . 
  there may be cases where that motivation is n't quite enough , or is n't the relevant issue , but as a general policy it seems reasonable ( there 's a whole range of things that society expects from parents regarding their children - putting them to work in a coal mine is n't acceptable , neither is deliberately keeping them out of the educational system ) . 
  i 'm sure they do - i guess they vote for the same parties that they would vote for in england ( or perhaps they do so in westminster elections , but use a different criteria for holyrood elections ) . 
  there is an added wrinkle in scottish politics in that the snp may well be getting votes in the short term to trigger the referendum , but that post-independence ( assuming it passed ) their other policies might actually cost them support . 
  i 'm curious what you believe a post-oil society would use for personal transport - do you believe it would become 100 % mass transit ? 
  in both cases the equation is `` raw material + processing energy = useful work '' . 
  for hydrocarbons the raw material are things like coal , oil , and gas . 
  they still need energy to process them , but they produce quite a lot of energy once refined . 
  for hydrogen the raw material is ( lets say ) seawater and the processing is ( lets say ) electrolysis . 
  that may well be less efficient than hydrocarbons , in the sense that it requires more energy to go from the raw materials to the same amount of useful work . 
  at present hydrocarbons are relatively easy to locate , not too hazardous to refine , and so are an extremely useful source of energy . 
  however the amount of hydrogen within hydrocarbons is dwarfed by the amount of hydrogen within seawater - there 's a lot more seawater than there is oil . 
  similarly , the amount of energy falling on the ocean 's surface from the sun is gigantic . 
  even if you assume the processing is woefully inefficient , it 's easily sufficient to separate the h and o. 
  lets assume for the moment that you would n't just build a solar power plant on land : my point is there 's a huge amount of reasonably-accessible hydrogen , and a huge amount of energy with which to access it . 
  what you do with that hydrogen is a separate question : you might simply burn it there and then to generate electricity , you might pipe it to an existing turbine and burn it there , you might liquify it for transport , etc ( what you choose probably depends on what existing infrastructure you want to connect to ) . 
  i suspect our long-term ( 1000 + year ) energy needs will be met by fusion , however in the short term ( 200 + year ) hydrogen seems as plausible a source as any to take over from oil ( assuming we do n't continue to separate mass energy production from consumption and use electricity for both transport and storage ) . 
  neither of us can really predict the future , however historically `` everything is awful and things will never improve '' has tended to be wrong more often than it 's right . 
  western civilisation had a pretty rough time of it from 1914-1945 ( two wars and a major depression ) , but since that time we 've been to the moon and built a global internet you can access from anywhere on the planet ( with a mobile radio you can carry in your pocket ) . 
  those things have never happened before in human history , and their presence now means that people will fight a lot harder to retain their standard of living than they did in the past . 
  if you lived in a muddy field in scotland 500 years ago , you probably would n't care if your future held more mud ( and even if you did , you could do very little about it ) . 
  if you live in a modern developed society today , you absolutely would care - and you can do something about it . 
  actually electrolysis only accounts for about [ 5 % of industrial production ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hydrogen_production ) of hydrogen . 
  most of it is obtained from hydrocarbons . 
  with respect to the `` law of entrop [ h ] y '' , both hydrogen and fossil fuels exist within the larger system of the sun . 
  all the energy we use on earth is obtained from there , with the exception of nuclear . 
  a civilisation-wide switch from oil to hydrogen would certainly require a massive investment , but it would be entirely possible to do so if the alternative was collapse ( probably via electrolysis of sea water rather than extracting it from hydrocarbons , since there 's a lot of sea water and not a lot of hydrocarbons ) . 
  the fact that it 's less efficient than fossil fuels is not that important : it meets the two basic needs we have for an energy source in that it can be either transported in physical form or used to generate electricity . 
  could be . 
  i definitely feel scottish first , but also feel part of a wider entity as well . 
  my wife is `` european '' ( i.e. , from continental europe ) , so if i had married someone from the uk i suspect my 2nd/3rd choices would have switched ( purely due to lack of exposure to other cultures : the fact that the uk is an island is the reason we 're often us-vs-them when it comes to the eu , imo ) . 
  it 's hard to find a way to describe it that does n't carry some connotation . 
  imo the most significant change is replacing pcts ( who are all required to provide the same level of care , as laid down by the secretary of state for health ) with ccgs ( who are n't : they can determine what services to offer independently , based on their own criteria ) . 
  these pcts/ccgs are essentially bodies for organising healthcare in a geographical area , so the switch from a national standard of coverage to potentially a profitability-based standard is what i meant by `` american '' ( obviously the details are completely different , but the principle of provider-decides is similar ) . 
  clicking through to the survey [ in question ] ( http://www.comres.co.uk/polls/cuts_index_23oct11.pdf ) , they only appear to have polled 154 people in scotland ? 
  that 's quite a small number . 
  it 's an interesting question , because at the time politicians were saying a devolved parliament `` will kill nationalism stone dead '' . 
  partly because it was meant to act as an outlet for nationalist feeling , and partly because the voting system was designed to prevent a single party from achieving a majority ( the idea was that only one party is pro-independence , so if coalitions are required then it will never happen ) . 
  unfortunately this backfired , and in 2011 the pro-independence party ( snp ) did manage to obtain a majority ( they ran a reasonable coalition government in 2007 , so i think people started to feel they were no worse than any other politicians : they are quite left-wing , which in general scotland is too ) . 
  you could argue that their majority came at the expense of the other parties - in fact the 2011 results were so bad that all three of the other leaders resigned . 
  their replacements are all quite inexperienced and not widely known , whereas the snp leader has been around forever , so in terms of timing it could n't be worse for an anti-independence argument . 
  in fact the more experienced anti-independence politicians are all leading the uk-wide parties , and historically only one of those has been effective at winning votes in scotland ( with the main right-wing one having a particularly bad reputation due to things like imposing new taxes on scotland a year before the rest of the uk ) . 
  but if the parliament had n't existed i doubt the snp would have been able to generate enough popular support to demand a referendum ( there was a previous one in 1979 , but it 's not something that people were seriously talking about even 5 years ago ) . 
  so i think it 's a really interesting combination of events - without the devolved parliament , the snp would n't have anywhere near the influence they currently have . 
  but then it took 10 years before the snp won control of that parliament , and everyone anti-independence seems to be making mis-step after mis-step , so you wonder how much of it is due to everyone else failing rather than the snp succeeding . 
  having said that , there are several extremely unpopular policies being pushed through at the uk level just now ( increased university fees , `` american-style '' privatisation of the health service ) , all of which the snp are able to prevent happening in scotland . 
  in fact there have also been some quite progressive laws which the scottish parliament implemented before the rest of the uk ( smoking ban was 1 year ahead , minimum pricing for alcohol looks to follow , etc ) , which i think people are quite proud of . 
  there is definitely a sense that the arguments anti-independence are all [ quite negative ] ( http://www.heraldscotland.com/politics/political-news/english-would-bomb-our-airports.17005697 ) , whereas the pro-independence arguments are more positive ( who would n't want to control their own destiny , fix our long-standing health and infrastructure issues , take our place in europe , etc. . . ) . 
  the referendum question is going to be `` do you agree that scotland should be an independent country ? '' . 
  most people in the uk ( not just scotland ) believe that scotland is a * different * country to england/wales/ni , so i think the answer will probably be yes ( and that the step to independence is simply a small step sideways , vs some kind of crazy civil war ) . 
  financial issues such as currency are probably the only real `` problem '' issue ( other than desire of course !, 
  ) , as a lot of the `` oh , but you 'll need a separate this/that/other '' topics are either dealt with ( the legal system has always been separate , government bodies like the national health service are already separate ) or have a fairly logical solution ( split along geographical or % ge lines ) . 
  in practice i think keeping the pound would work fine - it means you are using another country 's central bank , but that 's a loss of control you would also have using the euro .
