  scotland would still share a land border with ruk , and there is a large amount of cross-border movement of people and trade . 
  as such retaining the same currency as the rest of the island makes a great deal of sense . 
  the euro would probably make sense if ruk adopted it too - the usd seems less sensible . 
  no , that covers the uk 's external maritime boundary with respect to other states . 
  the uk is a state formed of several countries , and within the state boundary there are internal boundaries ( the division is actually tripartite : part of it is covered by northern irish law ) . 
  actually , spain have said that [ they wo n't ] ( http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/304495/spain-will-not-veto-an-independent-scotland-joining-eu ) . 
  spain objects to the idea of unilateral secession : they have stated that `` no one would object to a consented independence of scotland '' ( which is what would happen ) . 
  of course the uk as a whole also borrows - in the same period it spent # 98 billion more than it raised ( including all of the north sea revenue , not just scotland 's portion ) . 
  the scottish deficit was about 4.4 % of gdp , whereas the uk deficit was about 6.6 % of gdp . 
  neither are sustainable . 
  i think it 's also worth considering that a per capita share of the uk debt also implies an 8 % share of uk assets . 
  some of those assets would be traded back and forth between the two governments ( the scottish government has declared it does n't want the uk 's nuclear weapons , although obviously scottish tax revenues helped pay for them ) , so a per capita share of the debts/assets would just be starting point . 
   whether an independent scotland could claim the majority of the british share is up for debate . 
  the north sea is already divided into areas governed by scots law or english law ; i suppose it would be possible for the uk government to unilaterally decide to move the boundary , but it would be somewhat provocative . 
   or at least to the level it so desires `` the euro '' the snp ( the party currently in power ) is not proposing joining the euro ; an independent scotland would stay on sterling ( neither would it join schengen , it would remain in the cta with the rest of the british isles ) . 
  peter ? 
  peter file ? 
  there is a separate agreement called the [ common travel area ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_travel_area ) which provides schengen-like freedom of movement within the british isles - scotland would be part of that . 
  there are lots of unique situations within the eu . 
  the treaties are there to say how things should be done , and to set the overall direction , but there have been numerous situations in the eu 's past where pragmatism won the day ( whatever your goal is `` for europe '' , having people inside the system is a better way to get them there than having them outside ) . 
  it is the snp policy , although of course there might be a different administration even if the referendum is positive . 
  the snp have also suggested that the boe 's mpc should also have a scottish seat to represent scotland , although that would depend on convincing the boe that the two economies will be intertwined enough that having some kind of representation from the scottish government would benefit both countries . 
  i think it probably would , although i think it 's probably not necessary : it 's unlikely that the boe are going to make any harmful changes to the money supply or interest rates that would not also harm ruk . 
  an independent scotland would use sterling , just as it does today . 
   an assumption based on trends that most of the time turns out to be right . 
  except when it 's wrong . 
  crimes like this have happened wherever there are people , for as long as there have been people . 
  the correct response is to punish people who commit an offence , not punishing them simply for being people you dislike ( if your dislike is actually towards criminals , well done , that is the sensible approach ) . 
  you seem like an angry person . 
   the division of the uk between different entities you choose to call `` countries '' is indeed irrelevant to international law , no matter how big an importance you attach to it internally . 
  that is il ( international law ) 101 , and i think i made it clear from the start i 'm speaking solely from the point of view of il . 
  i think perhaps you are interpreting things too rigidly - il is how states manage their relationships with each other , but it is not the only means by which they do so ( nor is it a single definitive codex ) . 
  il ( or in this case supranational law ) is as open to change as any other human endeavour . 
  if your starting position is that scotland ( and england ) are not commonly recognised as sovereign entities then you are correct ; scotland no more has a seat at the un than england does - their seat is `` shared '' , in the sense that the person who sits there represents both ( neither scotland nor england `` exist '' in that sense , only the entity known as the uk does ) . 
  if your starting position is `` is scotland a country ? '', 
  or `` is england a country ? '', 
  then i think most non-lawyers would say `` yes , obviously '' . 
  if you ask `` is catalonia a country ? '', 
  then i think the answer would probably be different . 
  assuming independence passes , scotland would move from the latter category to the former . 
  how it does that would need to be determined , but if that is what people decide they want to do then that is what would happen . 
  imo scotland currently has a kind of quasi-state existence : it has recognised borders , its own legal system , control over its own social systems ( education , healthcare , police services , etc are all separate ) , some control over its government , some form of external recognition , etc. 
  all of these attributes apply to england ( and wales , and ni ) too . 
   wrong , wrong . 
  scotland is not an il subject in some form of association with the uk ; it is a part of the il subject called uk . 
  if it decides to secede from that il subject , it becomes a new one called scotland and the other one will still be the same il subject as before . 
  i disagree , but i think we will have to agree to disagree . 
  it is not at all clear to me that the ruk ( for want of a better description for `` rest of the uk '' ) would necessarily be considered `` the same '' subject as before . 
   this is not like , say , the velvet divorce , where ( afaik ) the il subject called czechoslovakia was dissolved and two new ones arose . 
  what the british government have agreed to is to allow scotland out of the union if it so chooses , not to dissolve the union ( which , since 1801 , is n't just a union between scotland and england any more ) . 
  yes , there is a difference . 
  there is a difference , but i think you are incorrect . 
  the uk government are not required to `` allow '' scotland out of the union , any more than their consent was needed for american or irish independence ( the idea that independence requires approval is somewhat self-defeating ) . 
   to see that there is a difference , you need only think of a couple questions : if scotland leaves , is northern ireland still in the union ? 
  obviously , yes ; then , it logically follows that the union still exists . 
  there is not `` a union '' . 
  there have been several - one between scotland and england ( to form the kingdom of great britain ) , then one between kgb and the kingdom of ireland to create the uk as we know it today ( wales was essentially subsumed into the kingdom of england ) . 
  one of those unions was dissolved in 1962 ( with ireland ; northern ireland was essentially retained without an explicit union ) , and independence for scotland would dissolve the other ( by mutual agreement ) . 
   also : if scotland has some sort of automatic right to be in the eu , does it also have a right to a permanent seat in the un security council ? 
  i do not believe so , no ( i do not think most people in the uk would assume that they would either ) . 
  a more interesting question is if ruk would continue to have that right - they would be about 10 % smaller by population , and would have lost their deep-water nuclear submarine deterrent ( the scottish government 's policy is that those weapons , which are all sited in scotland , would be removed ) , so although they are likely to receive us support their influence will be reduced . 
  the uk has a great number of relationships like this where their position made sense historically - but given our now much reduced influence in the world ( and the rise of bodies like the eu ) , i do not think it is sustainable . 
   now , the un and the eu are ( again , from an il point of view ) entities of the same nature : they are international organisations formed by agreements between il subjects . 
  the fact that the subjects making up the eu gave their treaty-born creature much more power ( called supra-nationality ) than they and the others gave the un does n't change that . 
  yes and no . 
  it does not change things from the point of view of entities like the un ( or brazil ) , but it does change things from the point of view of the rest of the eu . 
  the five million people living in scotland are currently eu citizens , and benefit from the freedom of movement and labour that the eu was founded on ( as do other member states whose citizens or businesses trade with or migrate to scotland ) . 
  if scotland decides it no longer wishes to be part of the uk , but still be part of the eu ( a great deal of the anti-eu sentiment that 's associated with the uk is more correctly associated with specific right-wing parties in the uk : these parties are historically not popular in scotland ) , what should the solution be ? 
  i think the idea of ejecting them is ludicrous : there are plenty of instances where the eu has shown great flexibility in how it interprets its own treaties , and pragmatism seems to be the underlying thread . 
  from the point of view of non-eu relationships , yes , scotland would be starting `` from scratch '' . 
  although i think that exaggerates it , as i suspect many existing relationships are handled through the eu and many others would be done with a `` let 's assume you 're like a smaller uk until things diverge '' ( trade agreements are typically handled by the eu - entities like the un are the exception , entities like nato are an example of where things would be similar in character to the existing uk relationship ) . 
  from the point of view of relationships with the rest of the eu , i think it 's more plausible than not that there will be some interpretation that the uk 's member status was as an umbrella organisation and that scotland is allowed some kind of `` when conditions are right '' leeway over issues like schengen ( as per uk ) or the euro ( as per sweden ) but for as many cases as possible they simply duplicate the uk interactions . 
  the kind of thing that i think would change are things like the uk 's rebate - this was introduced as a way to make the eu more attractive to eurosceptic uk politicians ( thatcher ; who was extremely unpopular in scotland ) , so i would not expect scotland to inherit that ( and in return would get some fixed-term assurances over development funds ) . 
  i do not think any scottish politician is expecting that the process would simply be saying `` right , we 're independent , where 's our ec seat ? '' . 
  but conversely we are in the eu today , we want to be in the eu tomorrow , so is it really sensible to say `` no , only the part of the uk that 's planning to have a referendum on exiting the eu gets to stay - you have to go ... '' ? 
  yes , other member states would have views on the subject and would want their opinions to be considered . 
  but that 's politics : some may want additional concessions for their support , some may want a stick to beat ruk with , some may want to encourage the eu to be formed of greater numbers of smaller states , etc , etc. 
  new states are required to adopt the euro ( and schengen ) , but it seems likely that the ec would recognise that scotland is in a unique position . 
  it 's been operating within the eu for as long as the rest of the uk has , and given the uk position on the euro/schengen ( and that scotland shares a land border ) some kind of `` when the conditions are right '' qualification would allow those to exist as long-term goals while being left unimplemented in the short term . 
  technically the maastricht treaty also obligates sweden to adopt the euro , but they have used a similar route to defer this decision until such time as public opinion changes . 
  given the amount of cross-border interaction there would be with ruk , scotland formally adopting the euro would only really be practical if and when ruk adopts it too . 
  tourism probably means that a lot of places would accept it in practice - and you can see the argument that making entry easier for scotland may be useful as a way to help `` euro-ify '' the population within ruk . 
   tl ; dr what you said is only true within the uk domestic legal system . 
  the uk does not have a single domestic legal system , it has three . 
  eu directives are , as you say , internalised - however within the uk this is done separately by the scottish parliament ( to transpose them into scots law ) vs westminster ( for the rest of the uk : i 'm not sure what happens with stormont ) . 
  the relationship between the eu and the uk is that of a member state , but that is a tautology : the eu is a collection of member states , so the distinction between a nation state ( france ) and a generic `` state '' ( uk ) is not made . 
  the uk is a slightly unusual case ( i am not sure if it is unique , but am struggling to think of another ) where it is clearly a state - however it is also clearly not a nation state ( it is composed of four countries , and has three entirely separate legal systems ) . 
  there have been instances where the scottish government has submitted responses directly to the ec ( i believe they did so for the europe 2020 consultation ) , although primarily they interact through the uk ( as you would expect : the uk is capable of saying `` this is our position on x , and it 's being driven by scotland '' ) . 
  so the rights and obligations scotland has as part of the eu have been contracted by the uk , but if you assume independence is voted for you are now left with two states where there were one before . 
  the process by which that happened was that a union of two countries was disolved , not that one part of a country announced they wished to create a new country . 
  the question is how you incorporate that reality : even if you designate ruk as the `` successor state '' , the obligations of that state will have to change too . 
  e.g. , 60 % of the uk 's fishing catch is in scotland , so you could imagine a case where ruk had some obligation under the cfp that it could no longer fulfil ( those obligations were negotiated for scotland by the uk acting as an umbrella organisation , so the logical way to proceed is that scotland should continue to be bound by whatever aspects affect it and ruk should be released from whatever obligations no longer affect it ) . 
  i do n't think there are many parallels to draw with catalonia ; i would suggest that the idea of a spanish veto preventing scottish independence is something that 's heard much more in the uk than in the rest of the eu . 
  the eu is not a static thing : the existing rules on parliament seats and voting would obviously not be sustainable if every member state split into fifty ( say ) , but they could clearly accomodate this situation even if longer-term reform was needed . 
  the ownership of north sea oil is already set ( the fields are divided into areas governed by scots law and areas governed by english law ) . 
  there 's no real implication to ruk in terms of share of profits - they would retain the same territory if scotland is in the eu as they would outside . 
  scotland would presumably sell at whatever price the market would set , irrespective of who the buyer was . 
  does every other country in the eu have a snag-free future guaranteed ? 
  by 2015 the uk may lose its current credit rating , or may follow through with the proposals to hold a referendum on exiting the eu - the future is never fixed . 
  there are several differences between scotland and catalonia ; scotland is already a country ( with an entirely different legal system to the rest of the uk ) , and the process by which scotland signals if it wishes to secede ( or not ) from the rest of the uk has been agreed by both governments .
