  without brexit i think most people would have been happy to wait for another couple of decades . 
  but scotland 's status within the eu was a key part of the 2014 referendum , and the no campaign was [ explicit in stating that voting no meant staying ] ( https://twitter.com/uk_together/status/506899714923843584 ) . 
  that we 're now leaving , and that scotland voted so dramatically for remain vs the rest of the uk , warrants a rethink imo . 
   scotland just had a referendum and it would be stupid to spend millions on one now instead of waiting a few years when you can actually see the effects and opinion could change from the previous referendum if someone sets fire to your house i do n't think you need to wait for it to burn to the ground to conclude that , yes , actually , that was a bad idea . 
   nationalism is stupid wherever you find it , but it is undoubtedly much more prevalent in scotland than in england . 
  i think it depends entirely how it is expressed . 
  [ civic nationalism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/civic_nationalism ) , as per scottish nationalism , is nothing more than saying those who participate in a society - no matter where they 're from - are best placed to make decisions for that society . 
  rousseau and john stuart mill were many things , but `` stupid '' is n't one of them . 
   i would n't say it was at the heart of the scottish referendum , it was said i totally agree but it was n't at the heart of it . 
  currency and eu membership were the two substantive issues - everything else ( claims of 50 % unemployment , [ a global cataclysm ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/scottish-independence/10751728/scottish-independence-would-be-cataclysmic-for-the-world-ex-nato-head-warns.html ) , [ attacks from space ] ( http://wingsoverscotland.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/spacethreat1.jpg ) , etc , fell by the wayside ) . 
   i think voters also knew as well that the scottish referendum was not a binding referendum that prohibited the rest of the uk from voting out of the eu . 
  the situation at the time was that labour , the snp , and the liberal democrats had all explicitly ruled out holding an eu referendum . 
  the conservatives had promised to hold one if they won a majority , but then again they had also broken a previous pledge to hold one and nobody - including the conservatives - was actually expecting them to win a majority . 
  [ here 's the scottish conservatives leader ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lygrkk7mp3e ) explicitly saying that `` no means we [ scotland ] stay in , we 're members of the european union '' and that holding an eu referendum is looking unlikely . 
   i do n't think saying no to another referendum is anti democratic , did n't alex salmond say it was once in a life time ? 
  if some said it 's the only way to stay in europe and alex salmond says it 's once in a lifetime then i think that kind of cancels each other out . 
  the phrase that something is a `` once in a lifetime chance '' is an idiom - it does not literally mean that no further referendums should be held for the average human lifespan . 
  there has been a significant constitutional event regarding scottish autonomy every 15-20 years since the 1950s . 
  most people , including myself , felt last year that a similar period would probably be needed before a further referendum . 
  but that the uk has voted to leave the eu , that scotland voted strongly to remain in the eu , and that the eu was at the heart of the 2014 referendum supersedes that imo . 
   if you say no to scotland you 're anti democracy i agree . 
   but if you say yes to scotland then you 're putting the union in danger again the existence of a union does n't trump democracy . 
   and made the previous referendum meaningless which is countering democracy then . 
  the eu was at the heart of the previous independence referendum . 
  voting no was explicitly sold as the choice that would keep scotland in the eu . 
   english nationalism is almost non-existent . 
  most people outside of england see ukip as the living embodiment of english nationalism . 
  the conservatives have always been british nationalists , but arguably we are where we are in terms of brexit largely due to a conservative reaction to ukip . 
   what does a innovation and investment hub do ? 
  provide a conduit for scottish firms looking to set up trade with other countries , or firms in other countries looking to set up trade with scotland . 
   if scotland wants to become more innovative and competitive then they should focus on reducing regulations and lowering tax . 
  i know the latter they have recently been given those powers to do so . 
  the scottish government have been given very limited control over a limited part of taxation ( a portion of income tax and , as of last year , taxation relating to property sales and landfill duties : the two big taxes , national insurance and vat , have not been released ) . 
  those powers have yet to be used , primarily because they were designed to be politically difficult to use . 
  income tax control was originally limited to 3 % ( any increase had to be applied to both low-rate and high-rate taxpayers alike , and the scottish government had to pay a surcharge for doing so ) , then recently up to 10 % ( with the same blanket increase on all taxation bands , but at least no extra surcharge ) . 
  that will be extended again from next year to allow them to vary bands individually , but power over corporation tax will still be reserved ( although , oddly , northern ireland now has control over that tax ) . 
  by far the most effective thing the scottish government can do to increase business within scotland is to help companies establish trade links ( either to , or from , scotland ) . 
   so split from the uk and you will have to take on your # 15 billion share of the debit which is well beyond even greece ? 
  not sure the eu will be welcoming you with open arms o_o scotland 's deficit is not the same as scotland 's share of the uk 's deficit . 
  if the uk borrows # 100bn to buy new nuclear missiles then , while scotland is still part of the uk , scotland will have to pay around # 10bn towards that . 
  if scotland is not part of the uk then it does not . 
  it would have to pay for its own borrowing , but you ca n't look at the uk 's current situation and say that scotland would follow the same course . 
  following a different course is kind of the point of independence . 
   you can win an election with 30 % of the vote so that really means nothing in this case they won with 47 % of the vote . 
   if the uk leaves the eu then everyone in the united kingdom leaves ? 
  everyone had their share in the voting and democratically the remain vote did not prevail ? 
  brexit means brexit - the uk is leaving the eu . 
  however [ keeping scotland within the eu ] ( https://twitter.com/uk_together/status/506899714923843584 ) was a key argument made against independence in the 2014 referendum . 
  that scotland [ voted heavily to remain ] ( https://cdn.opendemocracy.net/files/imagecache/article_xlarge/wysiwyg_imageupload/553846/eurefmap.jpg ) yet now finds itself leaving , and a general dissatisfaction with the post-2014 promises of further devolution , has caused many to ask if scotland should now revisit the question . 
   there is no option for scotland to remain in the eu if the uk leaves , their deficit is x3 larger than it needs to be to be considered for membership and they would ultimately just become another low key nation living on handouts from the eu . 
  there is no mechanism for scotland to transition at present , however if scotland votes to leave the uk ( and clearly wants to enter the eu ) then there is a window between that vote and the uk leaving where some form of transitionary mechanism could be devised . 
  the [ eu membership criteria ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/summary/glossary/accession_criteria_copenhague.html ) do not have a deficit requirement . 
  the eurozone does , but while scotland would be making a commitment to join the euro ( as every new member must ) it would join the 7 other eu members that have deferred exercising that commitment . 
  i disagree that scotland would be `` another low key nation living on handouts from the eu '' , nor do i think that 's a very useful way to look at existing eu members . 
   i 'm not sure how she expects scotland to flourish by cutting the subsidies scotland receives from england in the form of the barnett formula either ... scotland is the third most prosperous region within the uk behind london and the south east . 
  those three areas subsidise the rest of the uk ( if you want to view internal fiscal transfers as `` subsidies '' , which is itself a bit misleading ) . 
   this scottish independence concept is more reckless than brexit !, 
  most people supporting it would say that brexit was the very definition of recklessness , and that scotland has an opportunity to avoid that madness . 
   it has oil money which some people feel could have been put away for a day like now ... oh , absolutely . 
  the uk government has always [ chosen to spend it though ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/2013/04/thatcher-and-north-sea-oil-%e2%80%93-failure-invest-britain%e2%80%99s-future ) , primarily to win elections in the short term . 
   they 're the second largest party in the scottish government parliament . 
  the conservatives are not in the scottish government . 
   but there wo n't even be an economy in scotland without england/london . 
  the idea that scotland is some kind of failed state , kept alive only due to life-support from england , is fantasy . 
   also you ca n't just keep having referendums until you win through attrition . 
  they were re-elected as the scottish government in may 2016 on a platform that explicitly called for a referendum in the event of brexit . 
   one thing you 'd have to eat is the euro , though , the eu is n't in the habit of handing out opt-outs , any more . 
  scotland would certainly have to make a commitment to join the euro , however the date that commitment is exercised is up to individual member states . 
  there are 7 eu members deferring euro adoption without any explicit opt-out . 
   what 's the scottish preferred government type if independence happens ? 
  do people want to keep the queen as head of state , dig up some long dead dynasty , or go full republic ? 
  retain the queen as head of state . 
  republicanism does n't really play much of a part in scottish independence , although there might be a change in public opinion when prince charles becomes king . 
   if you do n't mind , could i ask where you are in regards to your career ? 
  still a student ? 
  middle income office worker ? 
  high earning businessman ? 
  the latter . 
   i ask simply because i ca n't imagine the latter especially wanting such a thing , yet plenty of people of student age do . 
  i have been very fortunate with the opportunities i have had , and am happy to try and use that to help others . 
  i voted yes last time and would vote yes again . 
  as per op , i think scotland and ruk are simply heading in different directions politically . 
   no , it 's a mix of factors but the oil is the biggest reason that they 're operating on such a high deficit against gdp . 
  the scottish government had no ability to borrow until last year . 
  when they did receive the ability to run a deficit they capped to # 300m . 
  when someone says `` scotland has a massive deficit '' what they 're actually talking about is scotland 's share of the uk deficit . 
  that ballooned from # 40bn in 2006 to # 100bn in 2009 , then # 150bn in 2010 . 
  that increase is due to the financial crisis , not the oil price collapse in 2015 . 
   yes . 
  before we had an oil fund the uk has never had an oil fund . 
   and we gave them a vote just 2 years ago . 
  we 're hardly being literally hitler by making them wait a little longer for a second one . 
  really ? 
   our negative margin was 2 % , there is always work to do oh , for sure . 
  personally i would be happier if there was a requirement for a super-majority , like 60 % , as it is a very significant decision . 
  and , as we saw with brexit , a very close result is often extremely acrimonious as nobody is really in the mood to listen and change their minds . 
  and , ultimately , that is what is required for scottish independence to happen . 
  yes supporters like me simply did n't convince enough people of our arguments last time . 
  there 's still a lot of talking , and listening , needed to change minds . 
   so it 's a little under double , using my incorrect figure .
