  [ you just made an enemy for life !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lnvio3bwzs ), 
  other than self-interest , no . 
  a lot of arguments about scottish independence seem to degenerate into `` oh , but you ca n't do that ... we 'll do this ! '' . 
  that really is n't the context in which this is happening : at the political level , the referendum is to determine if scotland wishes to become independent . 
  if it does then , just as with devolution and the re-establishment of the scottish government , scotland and the ruk will both make some trade-offs and find a solution that benefits them both . 
  thanks !, 
  given how intertwined the scottish and ruk economies would be for some time , continuing to use sterling seems the prudent choice . 
  there are already systems in place to handle the fact that scotland issues its own banknotes ( under licence from the boe , after depositing an equivalent amount with them ) . 
  the boe is the bank for the uk as a whole , and is legally required to be politically independent , so it seems quite plausible that they could incorporate some kind of scottish representation . 
  both because scottish taxpayers have historically contributed to their existence , and because the scottish economy would not be playing a zero sum game with the uk . 
  yes , there are [ four ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_health_service ) - nhs , nhs scotland , nhs wales , hseni . 
  pre-eurozone crisis , that was the proposal . 
  currently the plan is to remain on sterling , as part of a `` sterling-zone '' with the rest of the uk . 
  i suspect , given how interlinked the scottish and ruk economies would be in the short term , that scotland would only join the euro at the same time as the uk . 
  a new country would undoubtably develop a new legal system . 
  my point was more that in scotland we already have that ( and have since circa 1300 ) , so that is a reasonable place to divide - whereas declaring your living room independent is not . 
   also , where should this division end ? 
  if the shetlands wanted to declare independence , would scotland let it ? 
  i believe that 's the snp 's position , yes . 
   how about just one town ? 
  or one house ? 
  i 'm not saying that that is necessarily wrong , but where should it end ? 
  a natural place to draw the line is at the country level ; scotland is quite clearly a country , yorkshire is not . 
  aside from anything else , that we have a separate legal system shows there is a distinction . 
  independence has very little to do with cultural differences ( and absolutely nothing to do with historical fantasy like braveheart ) , and much more to do with political autonomy . 
  the structure within the uk has always been that scotland is `` different '' . 
  this is not obvious from the outside , but there are two legal systems , two governments , two national health services , two educational systems , etc. 
  they obviously overlap in many ways , but are also different in others . 
  taking an example of each : * a criminal trial in england results in guilty/not guilty . 
  in scotland it can also result in `` not proven '' . 
  * the scottish government introduced a smoking ban a year before the rest of the uk . 
  * the controversial `` privatisation '' of the health service in england does not apply in scotland . 
  * schools sit a different set of exams , universities typically offer 4 year courses not 3 . 
  there are several cases where scottish politics is quite clearly different from the uk as a whole . 
  e.g. , scotland is aiming to have 100 % of electricity generated from renewables by 2020 , and is currently at 35 % ( the uk target for 2020 is 15 % ) . 
  the uk 's nuclear weapons are all stationed in scotland , some 30 miles from scotland 's largest city . 
  the uk government is planning a referendum on withdrawing from the eu , the scottish government is much more eager to engage with the eu . 
  most of the arguments against independence were also raised when ireland left the uk ; the country would be too small , too poor , we 're stronger together , etc. 
  but both the uk and ireland have benefited in the long run , and i think the same would be true of scotland/ruk . 
  the north sea is currently [ about 15 % ] ( http://www.parliament.uk/briefing-papers/sn06292.pdf ) of scotland 's revenue . 
  that resource is finite either way , so while it would be beneficial in the short term i do n't think it 's the most compelling argument against independence . 
  the uk would continue to exist in some form ; ireland was once a part of it too . 
  do you mean fiscally poorer ? 
  that seems unlikely given that scotland pays in essentially what it receives . 
  lucinda creighton has made a follow-up statement [ here ] ( http://www.scotreferendum.com/2013/01/26/irelands-minister-for-european-affairs/ ) , where she seems to feel she has been quoted out of context . 
   does the scottish executive , whilst scotland is part of the united kingdom , have the legal standing to negotiate/apply on behalf of a nation state that 's yet to exist ? 
  no ; powers relating to foreign policy are reserved to westminster . 
  as such westminster are required to represent the interests of scotland in this area ( that westminster is refusing to take up the ec 's offer to discuss the situation is , imo , unfortunate ) . 
  the maastricht treaty refers to `` regions '' of a member state seceding from that state to form a new country ; those new countries then have to apply like any other applicant . 
  while scotland is not an independent country , it is quite clearly a country ( the uk being a state formed of four countries , not a singular nation state ) - as such i think there is potential to interpret this with some latitude . 
  the most likely scenario , assuming this referendum passes , is that the secession from the uk and the change in status within the eu would be done in parallel . 
  there 's no real reason why the 5 million people living in scotland , who are as much a part of the eu as any other eu citizen , should have to be temporarily ejected . 
  the situation with spain/catalonia is superficially similar , but has some profound differences : spain has a constitution which is based on the `` undissolvable unity of the spanish nation '' . 
  the uk does not , and both the scottish and uk governments have agreed the terms and implications of the referendum . 
  edit : typo, 
  i do n't think anyone believes that the process would be done without detailed negotiation ( as much , if not more , as would have to be done with the ruk ) . 
  the critical difference between scotland and other applicants is that scotland would not be outside the eu while accession negotiations are taking place - any more than they would be outside the uk while negotiating secession . 
  the referendum commits the scottish and uk governments to arranging a settlement ; the day after the vote , scotland would still be part of the uk and eu . 
   a sizeable proportion of the scottish workforce is employed in the public sector related to english matters ( in a lot of scottish areas over 1/3rd of the workforce is employed on behalf of the english public sector ) . 
  there are about [ 2.4 million ] ( http://www.scotland.gov.uk/topics/statistics/browse/labour-market/publicsectoremployment/overallpse ) people employed in scotland . 
  about 580k of those work in the public sector , and [ 95k ] ( http://www.scotland.gov.uk/topics/statistics/browse/labour-market/publicsectoremployment/reservedpse ) of those work in the reserved public sector ( leaving 485k working in the devolved public sector ) . 
  there may be local cases where reserved public sector employment is particularly high , but overall it 's 3.8 % of scottish employment . 
  there would presumably be a set of standard civil holidays that every country is expected to honour ( new years day , christmas day , etc ) . 
  beyond that there can be a whole range of alternative holidays ; it would be no messier than the current situation ( we have separate bank holidays in scotland to england : most of them coincide , some of them do n't , somehow we manage ) . 
  it does n't strike me as an insurmountable problem - how people collect themselves into groups has changed over time , and will continue to do so . 
  each federal state would start off looking pretty much like today 's countries , but it seems unlikely those would remain static in 100/200/300 years . 
  the timescale over which things like national holidays or which side of the road to drive on would be many decades - if not centuries . 
  every eu country currently has regional traditions which are only nominally connected to their parent country ( allantide is celebrated in cornwall , but not in yorkshire ) . 
  those traditions would continue , and over time national traditions ( st andrew 's day ) end up with a similar importance - it 's just something that people in that part of europe do . 
  that does n't preclude eu-wide holidays - they would be no different than may day or armistice day are today ( most countries celebrate them , in one form or another ) . 
  independence in scotland is more about taking a separate path than the uk , rather than a desire to withdraw from the eu . 
  the current scottish government are , if anything , more pro-eu than the current uk government . 
  everyone i know has already decided that independence is a good idea . 
  we should have a vote or something . 
  please ask - more discussion about the pros and cos is a good thing imo . 
  it is most likely timing ; the snp white paper , where they plan to outline how things would work , is not due until next year . 
  the actual referendum is n't until 2014 , so most of the political interaction to date has been on background issues like the question/electorate rather than reasons to vote yes or no . 
  i agree ; the idea that the uk would be better off outside the eu is a fantasy . 
  nobody is claiming that scotland is currently a sovereign state , however i think there is an obvious difference between scotland and ( say ) surrey . 
  there is no difference in terms of their existing relationship to the eu , but since the only relationships the eu has are with its member states that is hardly surprising . 
  the question is what the relationship would be if a constituent country of a member state decided that they wished to leave that state but remain a member of an organisation they had entered into with the other countries in that state . 
  i think the answer to that question has much more to do with politics than law : what is the eu trying to achieve ? 
  i think you are conflating two issues : monetary union without political union , and rampant corruption within greece coupled with irresponsible lending to greece . 
  a better comparison for greece would be the sub-prime mess in the us ; loans were made that could not realistically be paid back . 
  peak oil refers to the point at which the maximum rate of extractable oil has been extracted , not to the rate of annual production . 
  `` periods '' of peak oil is a non sequitur . 
  sweden is also ( technically ) obligated to join the euro , however in practice the `` when conditions are right '' argument allows them to defer it indefinitely . 
  farming accounts for about 1.4 % of scotland 's gdp , which is actually below the european average of 1.6 % . 
  the impact of cap on the eu budget has shrunk drastically in the last 30 years ( from 80 % of eu spending to about 40 % ) , so the rebate is becoming less significant over time . 
  the rebate is also based on the amount which the uk pays into the eu ( it corresponds to the `` over-payment '' that the uk pays in vs what the eu pays back ) ; as a much smaller economy , scotland would pay a smaller amount in - the need for a rebate would be greatly reduced . 
  the language in the maastricht treaty ( i assume that 's the one you 're referring to ? ), 
  specifically refers to `` regions '' of a member state seceding to form a new state ( and that new state having to go through the same application process as a new state ) . 
  the uk is a state formed of four countries - scotland is a country within that state , not a region . 
  sorry , i took your comment to mean that you thought scotland was anticipating joining the euro ( the `` but you would have to join the euro ! '', 
  line is often used as an anti-independence argument within the uk ) . 
  an international boundary would come into effect once ruk and scotland became separate states ( england , wales , northern ireland , and scotland are already separate countries ) . 
  where those boundaries lie would be determined by the current sub-boundaries within the uk 's international boundary . 
  the issue of not controlling the money supply for one 's currency is a real one , although not without precedent ( it 's something that , for better or for worse , the eurozone countries are learning how to live with ) . 
  it seems unlikely that the boe would radically change their monetary policies in a way that would be detrimental to scotland though , without also having negative consequences for ruk .
