  spain has explicitly stated that they are not concerned about scotland acting as a precedent . 
  the [ spanish foreign minister ] ( http://www.express.co.uk/posts/view/304495 ) has said that `` spain would have nothing to say , just that this does not affect us . 
  no one would object to a consented independence of scotland '' . 
  the idea that spain might wield some kind of veto was started by peter hain , an anti-independence labour mp . 
  i do n't think the point of separation is divergence , no - the point is self-determination . 
  i believe scotland is almost certainly going to pursue a similar path to the rest of the uk in the short term . 
  we have a long shared history together , a similar culture , many shared links , and there is a lot to be said for working together . 
  however there are also a lot of areas where we differ : scotland has long-standing problems with public health , excessive drinking , and chronic unemployment . 
  being part of the uk has not helped us to resolve those , imo partly due to lack of attention from the uk and partly due to scotland having a chip on its shoulder about the '80s and thatcher ( both of which independence would resolve , in different ways ) . 
  oil is a significant resource , but it is finite . 
  the brief window in which it 's available ( 1970-2050 say ) is hardly the only time in history at which scotland could survive and prosper . 
  perhaps some of our decisions will not be wise - perhaps they will leave us poorer , not richer . 
  but they will be our decisions . 
   i have the impression that snp just wants independence for independence ' sake . 
  i think your impression is incorrect . 
  that was the origin of the party , and is certainly one way they identify themselves from the others , but they are a `` real '' party ( centre-left is probably the best way to describe them ) . 
  since 1999 there have been four scottish government elections - the snp came second in the first two , and won the last two . 
  they actually won a majority in 2011 , which is significant in itself ( majority governments are the norm in uk politics but the voting system for the scottish parliament was specifically selected to try and prevent majorities ) . 
   scottish independence almost feels like a gimmick . 
  perhaps your view is twisted slightly by your own situation . 
  scottish independence is not at all a gimmick : it 's the logical conclusion of devolution . 
   whether a nation has the basic trappings of statehood . 
  does it provide for its population ? 
  decent infrastructure ? 
  a government that the majority of people within that nation accept ? 
  i think it 's pretty clear that scotland has those things . 
  you do have a point , but scotland has always been a country ( the uk is a country composed of countries , not a country composed of regions ) . 
  that is one interpretation - however the eu is nothing if not flexible ( see the contortions we 're going through over greece ) . 
  so i think the question is really if the rest of the eu would like to see an independent scotland outside the eu or inside ? 
  i think in general they would prefer us inside : there 's no reason to lose an existing trading partner and some countries may enjoy tweaking ruk 's nose after the recent boycott of the eurozone rescue plan . 
  as such i think a way would be found . 
  the other side of it is what would happen to the ruk ? 
  the uk entered the eu as a union of four countries ( scotland , england , wales , and northern ireland ) , so if you remove one of those countries is the uk still the uk ? 
  should it inherit the same relationship to the eu , even though that relationship was entered into in combination with a country that 's no longer part of it ? 
  i do n't think anyone would seriously propose making the ruk re-apply for membership , and i think scotland would be treated the same way . 
  at least in the short term , allowing scotland some of the flexibility that the uk has had over issues like the eurozone would go a long way to helping scotland participate in the eu ( as , in the long term , scotland is perhaps more likely to be a `` good eu citizen '' than the uk - the eu is widely seen as a force for good here ) . 
  afaik there is n't a precedent where a member state has split in two , so if this situation is n't covered in the existing charters ( i do n't know , do you ? ), 
  then a way could be found . 
  connery is a tool - but you 'll find tools on both sides of any debate . 
  your currency and border questions are well known : sterling ( not euro ) and the existing common travel area ( not schengen ) . 
  as an american you do have a particular view of the world , but you might find your own history a useful perspective - independence does not guarantee success , but it does allow you to chart your own course . 
  scotland would remain on sterling - the party proposing independence was initially in favour of the euro , but they have changed their minds . 
  rightly so imo : i would rather scotland and ruk entered the euro , but they really need to do so together rather than have two separate currencies given the amount of trade/movement there is within the two countries . 
   what us americans have to understand is that the scottish issue is a case of emotions and emotions alone . 
  i do n't think this is the case at all . 
  america has a particularly romantic view of scottish independence ( e.g. , braveheart ) , but that really does n't match the current debate on independence . 
  independence is much more about continuing the process of devolution . 
  scotland has had a separate government since 1999 , and in general people think it works well . 
  however that government is limited in its powers , particularly so economically . 
  there are also major differences in direction between the two governments - scotland currently generates 35 % of its electricity from renewables and has a target of 100 % for 2020 . 
  the uk target for 2020 is 15 % . 
  scotland introduced a smoking ban a year before the rest of the uk , and looks set to introduce minimum alcohol pricing first too . 
  medical prescriptions are free in scotland but not in england , etc. 
  the economist article was a bit of a hatchet job imo ( the insulting magazine cover did n't help ) , as you could easily rewrite that as `` their country could end up as one of europe 's newest , most exciting economies '' ( we contribute slightly more to the uk in revenue than we receive in expenditure , but there 's a persistent myth in the uk that scotland is somehow subsidised by the rest of the uk ) . 
  the historical background to the scotland/england relationship really has absolutely no play in modern scottish politics . 
  most of the public sector is already separate - the scottish government , police , fire service , and the nhs are separate bodies to their ruk counterparts . 
  the military is probably the trickiest to split but it 's hardly impossible - some assets will become scottish , most wo n't , and there will be a negotiation to determine what makes sense for both countries . 
  that negotiation will involve a bit of give-and-take on both sides . 
  removing nuclear weapons from scotland is a long-standing snp policy ( and one that has a lot of sympathy beyond the snp ) , but obviously they ca n't be moved until there 's somewhere to move them to . 
  so some kind of long-term leasing arrangement will be needed whereby faslane is rented to the ruk . 
  separating debts is not as hard as you think - there may be some that are considered `` national '' debts rather than uk-wide , however probably not that many ( the problem with saying `` bank of scotland has scotland in the name so you get that debt '' is trying to back-date all the revenue that bos paid to the treasury : if historical debt is split up based on a name , so should assets surely ) . 
  the ones that are uk-wide can be split per-capita , per-gdp , traded off against something else ( scotland promises not to lease faslane to china if ruk promises to do something else in return ) , etc. 
  i do n't know a great deal about the sea border change ( other than it does look a bit suspect ) , but i doubt that will be that contentious . 
  it 's one of those things that would have been nice not have as baggage , but is n't being raised as an issue - independence is about the future , not the past . 
  most people believe that scotland would not need to re-apply to the eu ; like the ruk ( rest-of-uk ) , they would inherit the uk 's current status . 
  there is no real mechanism within the eu for a member state to split into two member states , but it 's clear it would be beneficial to all three parties ( scotland , ruk , and the eu ) so i am pretty sure a way would be found ( there certainly is no appetite within scotland to leave the eu - scotland is much less eurosceptic than parts of england ) . 
  the snp ( current scottish government , the main pro-independence party ) were originally ( pre-crisis ) in favour of joining the eurozone . 
  however their current policy is that we would continue to use the pound , and only consider the euro if it made sense . 
  practically speaking that means using the pound until such time as the ruk decide to switch to the euro - there is an enormous amount of cross-border trade between scotland and ruk , so keeping on the same currency as them probably makes more sense ( there 's a lot of trade with the eurozone too of course , but having to carry two currencies in your wallet when taking the train somewhere would n't be a popular choice ) . 
  scotland would remain inside the [ common travel area ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_travel_area ) , and would not join schengen . 
  again primarily to ease the process - if we joined schengen then we 'd need to set up passport controls at the border with england , which is simply unnecessary ( although this is a favourite scare story of the right-wing uk media ) . 
  the impact on uk politics would be significant in the short term , but these things come and go . 
  the scotland = labour/england = conservatives split has not always been the case , and you may well find that if the conservatives did dominate ruk that they 'd split into two parties ( probably along pro-eu vs anti-eu , with the anti-eu joining up with ukip ) . 
  i do n't really think it 's the business of the english either - that is what independence means after all . 
  ireland or the us hardly required the uk 's permission before becoming independent , and it 's not something that is `` granted '' . 
  negotiating how independence is implemented will obviously require a discussion between scotland and the uk ( england , wales , and northern ireland - not just england ! ) . 
  there will be no nationalism or terrorism in northern ireland as a result . 
  scottish independence is about economic and political control , not about the kind of suppression that \u00c9ire experienced ( which is not to justify terrorism , simply to say that has never been a factor in scottish politics ) . 
  scotland does have the infrastructure for independence . 
  from outside the uk it 's not always obvious , however the scottish and english/welsh/ni legal systems are ( and always have been ) different . 
  this has had an impact on a whole range of things : the police and criminal justice systems are separate , the health service is separate , the government is separate , etc. 
  in general things are harmonised to make sure that we do function pretty much in parallel , but there are a large number of differences between them . 
  e.g. , scotland introduced a smoking ban a year before england and is about to introduce a minimum price for alcohol . 
  in scotland a conviction requires two or more pieces of corroborating evidence , in england and wales this is not the case . 
  in scotland medical prescriptions are free , in england they are not . 
  the current system is the scottish government has control over many aspects of running scotland , but does not have the power to collect taxes ( all taxes are sent to the uk , who then decide what % ge to release back to the scottish government to spend ) . 
  there are other issues which are contentious ( e.g. , the uk 's nuclear weapons are all stored in scotland ) , but control over our own finances is currently the most compelling . 
  `` glasgow slums '' is a slightly historical term nowadays - it refers more to the 1900-1950s . 
  many of them were torn down and rebuilt in the '50s and '60s . 
  there are still chronic problems in glasgow ( drug abuse and lack of work ) , but the situation is not really comparable ( the ` original ' slums were lacking things like water supply , sanitation , outbreaks of disease were common , etc ) . 
  poorer places tend to have worse social problems - it 's as true in scotland as it is anywhere else . 
  scotland does not `` beggar money '' from england - it contributes about 9.6 % of uk revenue , and receives about 9.4 % of uk expenditure . 
  yes , i do . 
  the rest of the uk would carry on much as they do today . 
  there would be a knock to self-confidence in the short term , but nothing catastrophic . 
  independence does not mean a complete cut-off between the two countries : people would continue to live and work on opposite sides of the border , the currency would remain the same , existing energy contracts would continue to be honoured , etc. 
  ambrose evans-pritchard has been claiming that the euro is on the point of collapse since approximately 2 minutes after it was introduced . 
  i think he also believes that the fbi were involved in carrying out the oklahoma city bombing . 
  it really depends on where you 're going to be in the uk . 
  norway is about an hour away from aberdeen , but more like 10 hours from bristol since there 's no direct flights .
