  personally , i think leaving the eu would be a mistake . 
  that the ec has to spend time [ debunking the myths ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/dgs/communication/take_part/myths_en.htm ) spread by tabloids says more about the failings of modern journalism than it does about anything else . 
  every national parliament contains individuals as corrupt and bureaucratic as you 'll find in european parliament - the benefits it has brought far outweigh those imo . 
  i completely agree - however i think greater integration of navigation systems into daily life ( e.g. , automatic car/ship/plane positioning ) will make that disruption politically impossible , and sub-metre accuracy is what will drive that . 
  the people arguing for `` soft '' aggression against nominal allies are people like [ pnac ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/project_for_the_new_american_century ) . 
  imo their star is on the wane . 
  post-iraq/afghanistan , their notion of how future conflicts will play out looks more than a little naive . 
  military use was only one reason for its creation . 
  gps provides around 10m accuracy ( even assisted gps , where the position is combined with a local radio station at a known location , is only about 5m ) , whereas galileo should provide sub-metre . 
  developing that level of technology within the eu requires investment , certainly , but it also produces benefits . 
  the money spent is spent within the eu , and the skills and knowledge it builds are also located within the eu . 
  i believe it 's mentioned in the panorama programme which was the basis for the news stories . 
  imo what 's much more worrying is british health tourists going to india , then bringing back things like [ ndm-1 ] ( http://www.channel4.com/news/superbug-hits-uk-through-medical-tourism ) . 
  no , i do n't think i implied the difference was spectacular - but i think the lack of any renegotiate-our-eu-relationship party does imply there 's less support for the idea of leaving ( which is essentially the endgame for parties like ukip ) . 
  fishing is an important industry , but it does n't employ a lot of people ( about 5000 in scotland , vs the 11,000 employed in renewables ) . 
  the biggest problem with scotland 's fishery policy is , imo , that our negotiations with the eu are done via the uk government . 
  although most of the uk 's fish ( about 60 % in 2009 if you compare the tonnage [ here ] ( http://www.scotland.gov.uk/publications/2011/03/16182005/63 ) to [ here ] ( http://www.marinemanagement.org.uk/fisheries/statistics/documents/ukseafish/2011/final.pdf ) ) is landed in scotland , negotiations with the eu have to be done in the context of the uk fishing fleet . 
  the second biggest problem is that we ( all ) have taken too many fish out of the sea . 
  we 're going to have to take less , and reduce discards , or the industry will destroy itself ( the cfp has other issues too , but collapsing fish stocks are caused by catches ) . 
  i 'm not sure what you would count as reliable . 
  the scottish government and the ec have both done surveys which show scotland to be a little more favourable to the eu than the rest of the uk . 
  e.g. , [ this one ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/flash/fl_231_en.pdf ) says typically answers are about +5 % `` more positive '' when asking about the benefits of being part of the eu . 
  it certainly is n't vast , and i have no idea how valid surveys like that are , but i think what 's more telling is the general political make-up of the parliament . 
  ukip do not exist in scotland , the conservatives have come 3rd in all four elections ( with about 14 % of the seats each time ) , the pro-ish labour party won the first election and the pro-eu snp have won the subsequent three elections . 
  none of the conservative party 's touchstones ( immigration , meddling from brussels , fear of german super-states , insert telegraph stereotype here ) have any real traction in scottish politics - investment in renewables or public services are more common debates . 
  the current system is the deposit guarantee scheme ( dgs ) , which as you say covers retail deposits up to $ 100k . 
  the cifs ran from 2008-2010 and [ guaranteed everything ] ( http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/26995989/ns/business-world_business/t/ireland-oks-world-leading-bank-guarantee/ ) . 
  unlimited deposits , all irish bank debt , the state promised to cover it . 
  this had the desired effect in the short term ( a lot of people moved their money to ireland , and people in ireland did n't take it out ) , but was n't without consequences in the longer term . 
  the uk leaving the eu would ( probably ) increase support for independence ; there is very little appetite for leaving the eu in scotland ( leaving nato would probably be more popular ) . 
  the circumstances for separation are very different to ireland - nobody is going to get killed , if the 2014 referendum is positive then the uk is not going to prevent it , etc. 
  however there are a lot of similarities with ireland in terms of desire for self-determination , or relationships with other countries . 
  e.g. , scotland may exit nato as a member state , but would probably change to be under the partnership for peace programme as per ireland/sweden/finland . 
  `` had the market been allowed to work , the banks would have been declared insolvent , and a creditors meeting would have been called . 
  at this , an agreement to pay out less than the face value of the bonds would have been reached . '', 
  the problem is that ireland chose a different path to this - in 2008 they announced ( cifs ) that they were going to guarantee 100 % of all deposits in six of their biggest banks . 
  you can do that if you can print your own currency ( just inflate it away ) - if you 're part of a shared currency , where would the money to honour that guarantee come from ? 
  all eu countries offer their citizens a free `` ehic '' card , which allows them to essentially swap their local healthcare for another eu country when travelling . 
  it is not quite at the level of the freedom-of-labour/goods that are the basis of the eu , but it is expected that going ` abroad ' ( within the eu ) should essentially allow you to expect the same level of care as you can receive from your national system . 
  the other country 's health system bills your country , with the understanding that by and large the costs are fairly similar and some of their citizens will need treatment in your country too . 
  terms like `` flood to the uk '' and `` health tourist '' do sound a bit like our right-wing tabloids though . 
  the most recent estimate is that the cost was about [ # 40 million over four years ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/health-19789397 ) , many of whom where from places like india ( hence have nothing to do with the eu : the eu angle is just the conservative party doing what the conservative party do ) . 
  to put it into perspective , the uk has spent # 9.24 billion over 7 years in iraq . 
  that 's about # 3.6 million a day . 
  our annual bill for `` health tourists '' is about 3 days worth of iraq . 
  it was a ( frankly bizarre ) suggestion made by a former deputy leader of the uk [ conservative party ] ( http://www.heraldscotland.com/politics/political-news/english-would-bomb-our-airports.17005697 ) . 
  i think the snp ( the scottish government , who are historically pro-independence and who are having a referendum in 2014 ) would agree with you . 
  their goal has always been to have scotland have a more `` normal '' relationship to the rest of europe than the uk has . 
  it 's a view i have some sympathy with , as the uk has had an unfortunate ( imo ) tendency to see itself as `` not really europe '' . 
  but in the short term they also need to consider that the ruk would be scotland 's largest trading partner , and that there would be a large number of personal and financial cross-border links . 
  doomsday stories about an independent scotland being forced to give up all sovereignty to sinister puppet-masters in brussels are sometimes floated here as reasons against independence : e.g. , `` you 'll need a passport to visit london '' , `` the uk might have to bomb your airports to prevent invasion '' , etc ... so , first and foremost , minimising disruption is their goal . 
  keeping the same-ish relationship to the eu in the short term makes it much easier to consider things like the euro in the longer term . 
  the terms of entry that would be most favourable to scotland would essentially be the same as they are now . 
  the two questions in the article are easy to answer - we would stay on sterling ( the snp had floated the idea of joining the euro , but do not advocate that any more ) , and the responsibility for bailing out scottish banks would lie with the scottish government ( the bank of scotland that he mentions is actually part of hbos , an english bank : the royal bank of scotland is the one that required the significant bail-out , however that is essentially a uk institution - 100 % of their tax revenue went to the uk government , and the takeover that landed them with so much debt was approved by the uk financial regulator ) . 
  the other question often floated inside the uk is if there would be border controls due to joining the schengen area . 
  there would n't - we would remain outside schengen , as per the uk , and remain inside the existing common travel area ( a pre-schengen intra-uk + ireland travel arrangement ) . 
  nobody in scotland is seriously proposing leaving the eu ; eurosceptic politicians are more commonly associated with the right-wing conservative and ukip parties , neither of which have significant roles in scottish politics . 
  i am sure there will be some negotiation as to exactly how things play out , but given that england is the most euro-sceptic part of the uk it would seem to be in scotland and the eu 's interest for the transition to be as smooth as possible ( i.e. , if we had to be given some special exemption to carry on some of the uk 's historical opt-opts , letting those run on for another 10-20 years would be beneficial to both sides ) . 
  the eu is nothing if not pragmatic : strictly speaking new states do have to follow one set of rules , but this `` new '' state would have seceded from an existing state ( and has existed as a nation since long before that ) . 
  so there could easily be some kind of `` inheritance '' accord drawn up , where the new member/the eu agree to have roughly the same relationship as they did before while also agreeing to work towards closer alignment in the future . 
  the point being that it would be our own voice . 
  the difference is between a less powerful voice that is your own voice , vs a more powerful voice that you have less say in . 
  ah , i see - that is pretty unique !, 
  that 's probably not so unique - we can do all those things in scotland too ( well , apart from the north where it 's quite remote - broadband is essentially national , but many small places wo n't get 3g coverage ) . 
  the eu has helped smooth out a lot of the more extreme disparities between countries . 
  not to say there still are n't some , but in general you can move a long way across europe without running into anything fundamentally alien to your normal experience . 
  but we also have irn-bru . 
  no problem - no offence taken !, 
  the uk is a slightly odd case , in that we are a country formed of countries ( vs a federation of states like the us , or a union of countries like the eu ) . 
  there are some parallels with other independence movements in europe ( catalonia ) , but those can easily be overplayed . 
  the idea that spain might veto an independent scotland 's membership of the eu is something that 's been floated by anti-independence politicians here ( but explicitly denied by spain 's foreign ministry ) . 
  independence in scotland is really about the natural conclusion to devolution , rather than escaping some kind of `` oppression '' . 
  in terms of currency , you would continue to be paid in pounds - although the snp were previously pro-euro , in light if the crisis they have ( sensibly enough imo ) put that on hold . 
  i suspect scotland will join the euro one day , but probably only at the same time as ruk . 
  i do agree with your idea of an eu-of-small-countries . 
  obviously france/germany/ruk will continue to dominate as today , but i would like to see scotland be present as 1 voice among 28 rather than 8 % of 1 voice among 27 . 
  the counter to the strong state argument is that the uk has been closely tied to the us militarily for some time now . 
  that is as much political as anything else , but the iraq war was deeply unpopular in scotland ( and in the rest of the uk , to be sure ) . 
  as such an independent scotland may have participated in the early stages , as many countries did , but would not have had the means ( nor the desire ) to get sucked into the quagmire with the uk/us . 
  nuclear weapons are not very popular in scotland - the cost a lot of money , and who are we seriously going to fire them at ? 
  the fact that all of the uk 's weapons were placed in scotland is a bit annoying , although that is largely geographical ( access to the deep ocean ) than out of spite ( poll tax ) . 
  greater participation in the eu would benefit both scotland our neighbours ( including ruk ) i think , and i think `` losing '' scotland would force ruk to go through a period of introspection and hopefully decide to engage more with the rest of europe . 
  in terms of your last point , `` any other region '' , there is something to be said for giving regions self-government . 
  however scotland is not a region , it is a country ( sweden did not become a region when it joined the eu , it 's still sweden - similarly with scotland and the uk ) . 
  the important thing to remember is that you are not voting for the specifics of how independence is implemented - that is for future uk and scottish governments to decide , and parties will need to make their case to the voters as to which implementation is best . 
  i hope you will vote yes , but either way it is good that you 're thinking about it !, 
  i think that argument would apply to something like devon seeking independence from the uk , not scotland . 
  scotland is already a state ( or country if you will ) - the uk is a country formed of four constituent countries . 
  scottish independence does not mean one country spawning two countries , it means one country seceding from a larger country . 
  i think there will be a lot of noise in the media , but i do n't think any serious politician would act on it ( i.e. , there will be no punitive legislation created by ruk to `` punish '' scotland ) . 
  i do n't know what eu legislation you have been reading , but it is my understanding that while there is no fast track ( new states must meet the criteria and enter the eurozone ) , similarly there is no precedent ( no existing member state has split into two before ) . 
  as such this is a new situation , and may require a new solution . 
  given the unique measures being drawn up to handle greece , i do n't think it would be beyond the eu to come up with a solution here either . 
  it 's in the interests of scotland/ruk/eu that scotland be engaged with the eu within it , rather than outside it , and the simplest way for that to happen is for both scotland and ruk to `` join '' as some kind of `` derived state '' rather than the full-blown application process . 
  `` the english '' ( surely the ruk ? ), 
  do not have a veto over scotland joining . 
  in fact i do wonder if someone will raise the issue of the uk 's current relationship to the eu - should the ruk have the same relationship as the uk does , given that one of the countries which helped form that relationship is no longer part of the uk ? 
  it 's an interesting thought experiment . 
  if , one day , wales and ni also became independent ( wales possibly , ni exceedingly unlikely i 'd have thought ) then would the uk simply be england ? 
  does england get to inherit all of the uk 's current relationships ?
