  that takes a lot of screwing up to do that . 
  also if it remains easy to work on the black market , the immigrants stay and will steal the jobs that other people might do legally . 
  in the netherlands we only have 100.000 undocumented immigrants because they ca n't get any work . 
  any employer that uses undocumented immigrants will be driven into the ground by our tax office and labour inspection . 
  so they leave for relatives in other countries . 
  i doubt that germany , belgium , france , spain , greece and italy have that also in order . 
  i actually doubt it at this moment . 
  supporting foreign salafist mosques is costing them a lot of money and the low oil prices are hurting them . 
  also the eu is now onto their plan . 
  the tone of politics is really changing at this moment . 
  otherwise the far right will win the next elections . 
  syria and iraq are winding down . 
  which reduces the inflow of migrants towards the eu . 
  a strong syria , international iran and a subversive south yemen will give saudi really big headaches . 
  also in the netherlands we 've been excellent in reducing the influence of the christian church and replacing it with humanist values . 
  half of the dutch citizens are agnostic and wo n't go back to religion . 
  75 % of the people never go to a church . 
  we 've been excellent at containing one abrahamic religion , we can easily do another . 
  5 % of moslim believers will never change that . 
  mosques are running empty . 
  funding is being investigated . 
  as usual , the eu takes its time to get its shit together , but then it 's settled . 
  ( greece , euro , migrants , etc. ), 
  the salafists fortunately do n't know their statistics . 
  because i would get really impatient if i looked at the statistics . 
  and impatient salafists become violent . 
  the best explanation from the tv show `` yes minister '' on why the uk joined the eu . 
  `` yes minister -- why britain joined the european union '' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37ihswa1swe, 
  do we need to project power from the sea via aircraft carriers ? 
  the eu has more than enough coverage via land bases . 
  using ships for helicopters should be enough and of course deploy special forces via air drops . 
  war has n't been the effort the last 70 years . 
  it 's much cheaper to do business with a country to get wealth from it than go to war . 
  war is disastrous for any economy based around a service economy or needing high educated workforce . 
  all that you conquer becomes worthless . 
  as soon as war starts in a country , all the people earning the money leave . 
  as you can see with ukraine and syria . 
  every professional that is worth something already left . 
  after conquering the country you only have empty office buildings and a miserable populace that hates your guts . 
  also everyone in the whole world now yells about war crimes . 
  the tourists also stay away and do n't hand over any money . 
  only for countries rich in resources , that are already miserable and that no one wants to hear about , it might be worth while to go to war over . 
  is war over ? 
  -- a paradox explained https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbuuw9i-mhs now state actors on the other hand . 
  they 're mostly a diplomatic and police matter . 
  as most countries in the eu are now finding out . 
  a nuclear arsenal might be happy to put up an show for the local populace , but it 's mostly a costly burden and an accident waiting to happen . 
  the best case for a transfer union from north to south . 
  i think the dutch high speed rail still designates the failure called fyra . 
  that only ran for 2 weeks . 
  we 're now back to regular 130 kmh . 
  if merkel promises full employment for everyone in 2025 that sounds like east germany to me . 
  they just had a news item on the radio that the police in the netherlands has a shortage in manpower this summer . 
  a lot of cases involving growing weed are not picked up . 
  a real pacifist has the opportunity to kill their opponent and chooses not to do that . 
  the rest are called cowards . 
  but step 1 is really important . 
  the progressives and secular people need to pick up their guns and show that they will not be pushed over . 
  that 's why the 2nd amendment in the us is so important . 
  ( but corrupted in the us . ), 
  i doubt it . 
  just look at the infighting with al the al-quada/isis wannabee 's and how the sdf is currently doing . 
  in the end the conservatives get an empire of rubble . 
  the problem is that the conservatives are preparing for a fight and and the progressives still think they have democratic rights . 
  the contest remains about the normal people that just want to live their lives . 
  if progressive forces automate or outsource all their jobs away , the conservatives will get a boost in support . 
  until they see that normal live has become hell . 
  just as you can see with mosul . 
  unfortunately the conservatives then take the population hostage . 
  i think the big fight in turkey will start between country and city folk . 
  even the city folk will be divided , because a lot of people came from the countryside and started looking for work . 
  they now organise in the city as conservatives instead of grumbling alone in the countryside . 
  ( a.k.a. 
  revenge of the hicks ), 
  thank you for showing my home town middelburg . 
  the us functions as a wealthy 3rd world country , instead of a normal first world country . 
  if you accept that , you know which work you have cut out for you . 
  macron has quite a challenge . 
  france needs to pull it 's economy into the 21st century . 
  which will make a lot of people angry . 
  france is still an agrarian culture with a few really big cities . 
  the people out in the country all feel left behind and need to get some perspective . 
  also all the migrants from former colonies feel left behind . 
  also getting the banlieus into shape will take a lot of effort . 
  introducing a universal basic income as melenchon proposed would solve this problem . 
  macron now has to propose such a solution for these people . 
  it could even be some kind of province subsidies to help people . 
  also the agriculture subsidies of the eu will probably decrease and that would also hurt a lot of people . 
  lepen also wanted to target another thing . 
  the cfa franc which is an abomination form france 's colonial era . 
  that will also need to go within the next 20 years . 
  it 's not for erdogan to have a valid referendum . 
  he already knows what he wants . 
  you want to convince the people of the opposite opinion to respect the outcome of the referendum . 
  otherwise their democratic rights are undermined and they will take matter in their own hands . 
  an outcome of around 70 % yes without any incidents would 've disarmed the opposition . 
  now the opposition is fuming to get back at erdogan for playing along for this long . 
  erdogan already became nervous . 
  although he has an iron grip on the country he has not won an overwhelming yes . 
  so nothing has really changed .
