  they can get easily into turkey , we should be able to drop them back home also quite easy . 
  otherwise these countries might get a reduction in their development benefits . 
  i think we would be able to handle 3 million refugees . 
  the crisis just needs to be large enough to pull everyone together . 
  just like with greece last year . 
  but i think it would n't take long to start with large internment camps and worse within a couple of years . 
  poland and eastern spain has lot of space for all these people . 
  also the entire eu would need to get its shit together on labour tax enforcement , to make illegal labourers life really miserable . 
  also all the smart people are now leaving turkey for the eu . 
  the eu can use the extra talent . 
  turkey will need those people again in 10 years after all the smoke has cleared up and only ashes remain . 
  maybe we should relocate all the officers , soldiers , journalists that are now without a job or in prison to the eu . 
  i 'll have the new gods : capitalism , entertainment , globalisation , automation . 
  we 'll tear you a new one . 
  you do n't even know why you want to go to war anyway . 
  it was not really clear what the turkish consul wanted . 
  he said to aboutaleb that nothing was going to happen . 
  then he called the turkish media to gather at the consulate to report on something big . 
  as far as i know it originally was a manifestation for the turkish referendum . 
  after the dutch government prohibited it , it became a demonstration . 
  i 'd rather deal with a russian vasal state than an independent insane state . 
  we know hat we can expect from russia and how they will achieve this . 
  as long as that railway for eurasion integration continues . 
  then it would n't be such a big problem . 
  that does n't look too encouraging if those are your allies . 
  i think you can write the following off the list : saudi : running out of funds due to a costly war and oil remains cheap . 
  iraqi kurdistan : no friends with turkey since all those turkish forces invaded . 
  syria : the syrian government is winning and they got a bone to pick with turkey because they supported isis . 
  all the countries that are or will implode very shortly . 
  these are also the ends of empire for the sunni islamic order . 
  they got a head start at the end of wwi and after finding oil . 
  this will get messy . 
  wilders pointed out that turkish officials would be coming to the netherlands early last week . 
  he was making a lot of noise and gaining in the polls because of this . 
  this weekend mark rutte ( the prime minister ) and achmed aboutaleb ( major of rotterdam ) were talking with the turkish government about postponing the visit until after the elections . 
  things escalated when the turkish government threatened with sanctions if they could n't do their manifestation last saturday . 
  the dutch government denied landing rights to the foreign minister . 
  then erdolf called the netherlands descendents of nazi 's . 
  there was no backing down after that . 
  i still find that we did handle it very nicely . 
  just keep talking , stand your ground . 
  if the the other guy stops talking , give a polite bitch slap . 
  ( preferably when others are not looking ) then continue talking as if nothing had happened . 
  the clean-up of the whole street went quite uneventful . 
  only 6 people got hurt . 
  we have no problems with migrants that act normally . 
  i have greek , turkish , indian , macedonian and russian colleagues in the netherlands . 
  no problems at al. 
  greece could strongarm the eu for extra assistance . 
  that 's why i called them economic migrants . 
  i have no problems with genuine refugees . 
  letting a tactical police team go after the security detail of kaya because they were armed is another fine dutch way of saying : `` f * ck you '' . 
  we will always get our way on technicalities . 
  i think that aboutaleb was also getting really tired of all this shit in his country and show who 's boss . 
  fortunately the dutch government backed him up . 
  i might even order turkish pizza to commemorate this occasion . 
  it has n't ended in violence in rotterdam and we pissed turkey real good . 
  disarmed geert wilders a bit , by acting strong . 
  and it was mostly arranged by a dutch-moroccan mayor . 
  best of all worlds . 
  ( except turkey 's ), 
  the eu does n't really need the anti-refugee deal any more . 
  the eu now has the same kind of deals with countries in northern afrika . 
  that 's where all the people are coming from . 
  also the balkan route is now closed . 
  so good luck getting out of greece . 
  the refugee route over is now closed and we now have pressured the governments of where all the economic migrants are coming from to accept them back . 
  now we only need to speed up the processing speed of asylum requests , enforce a eu wide labour inspection and have an eu wide migrant database . 
  the eu bought its time with the anti-migration deal and does n't need it any more . 
  i 'm all for capturing the terrorists alive , because it sends a message of remaining a civilised government . 
  this was more to elaborate that capturing someone who commits terror , probably is a replaceable pawn instead of the mastermind . 
  getting the planners and organisers of these acts requires real police work and is much harder . 
  taking out the whole infrastructure is even harder . 
  because the people currently supporting terrorists must change their minds . 
  which can only be done by treating them with respect and giving them a good chance to live in our society . 
  while a lot of them remain currently alienated . 
  well , capturing the terrorists alive does n't really help . 
  the ex-lawyer of abdeslam said he has the intelligence of an ash tray . 
  crash course : world history on youtube . 
  in 42 fast 15 minute videos . 
  world history : https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=plbda2e52fb1ef80c9, 
  fortunately they only have sunday . 
  i did n't say there was still a lot of work to do . 
  i know of the parallel societies and it 's of course very worrying . 
  but we 're discussing it and something will get done . 
  as long as remaining a devout muslim will make you quite unfit for a successfull career by your own doing , i will not worry . 
  they will remain miserable by themselves but of course very devout and patient . 
  just make sure there are enough opportunities for young people to escape to a normal society . 
  also problems in the neighbourhood will need to be addressed by the municipality . 
  which they ca n't because the money is missing . 
  where the hague is a shining example of how not to do that . 
  why ? 
  we would demand less from our biosphere . 
  that would give other people a better way to live . 
  also from an ecological view , jobs are really bad for the environment . 
  better to automate everything , redistribute and let 80 % just do stuff at home . 
  stop watching tv . 
  and start reading different news sources and make up your own mind . 
  i think immigration is a big problem for germany . 
  you do n't just ` lose ' 600.000 undocumented immigrants .
