maybe we could turn it in a permanent hacker/maker base with cool festivals . 
  i think it 's time somebody re-opened it . 
  maybe some friendly people from denmark could fill the role . 
  especially when you have free movement of people between iceland and europe . 
  this looks quite hairy . 
  you do n't even have an army to protect you from the police and coast guard . 
  except for that friendly nato base over there . 
  watch your back . 
  do you have a reference for this story ? 
  taken from the first floor a couple of days ago . 
  otherwise you would only see green . 
  if it looks like the real thing in the netherlands , you 're not allowed to carry it . 
  also knuckle dusters and nunchaku 's have the same level of illegality as hand guns in nl . 
  see also the new comment i made above with a link to a translated dutch article on this topic . 
  there was an article on a dutch website with 10 things we could do to alleviate the problems with migrants in europe . 
  it had some reaaly good points . 
  unfortunately it 's in dutch and quite hard to find . 
  https://decorrespondent.nl/597/de-tien-beste-ideen-voor-een-humaan-asielbeleid/44373219-c209f798 let 's see what how google translate butchers this : https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=nl&amp;tl=en&amp;u=https%3a//decorrespondent.nl/597/de-tien-beste-ideen-voor-een-humaan-asielbeleid/44373219-c209f798, 
  it gets even better . 
  the budget of frontex , who do the border patrol have an even higher budget than we have for taking care of the refugees . 
  also refugees are forbidden to start any economic activity in the country they 're residing . 
  so their own development remains at a stand still all this time . 
  ( but otherwise the locals start complaining about competetition from foreigners ) some refugees are highly educated but can only wait in a holding center for over 10 years before their case has been approved . 
  it 's really inhumane how we treat these people . 
  capital , goods and information are nowadays all global , people still remain stuck behind borders . 
  the current regulations state that the country where the refugee first applied for refuge , will remain responsible for this person . 
  they do this to prevent a pin-ball effect , that people bounce around the eu and apply for asylum everywhere . 
  however this rule puts an unequal burden on spain , italy and greece . 
  it would be more fair if the eu would distribute people seeking asylum equally across the eu . 
  they could do this based on population and economic burden . 
  however , each country still has their own procedure for handling refugees and the wealthy country would n't stand for it . 
  it would also mean that refugees needed a kind of international identification , which would give them some kind of international status . 
  these are only some the problems the eu faces with refugees . 
  the netherlands the assault ( original title in dutch : de aanslag ) is a 1982 novel by dutch author harry mulisch about the second world war . 
  it deals with the consequences for the lone survivor of a nazi retaliation on an innocent family after a collaborator named fake ploeg is found killed outside their home . 
  the novel takes readers on the journey through the main character , anton steenwijk 's , life . 
  anton struggles through the book to accept his traumatic memories from the book . 
  in the beginning anton 's way of dealing with his tragic past is by suppressing all his memories of them , and that night . 
  however just as he begins to forget , fate steps in , and challenges him to unearth what really happened all those years ago . 
  slowly , as he pieces together what happened that night , he begins to face and accept his past as a part of him . 
  the theme of the novel is the development of the past into the present , and heading into the yet to be determined future as is shown in the prologue by a man walking backwards to push a boat forwards . 
  recurring motifs and symbols include a symbol on representing anton piecing his life back together , rocks depict hatred and unhappiness , and a recurrent theme of darkness and light . 
  i like my critical infrastructure that wo n't create a profit and does n't allow competition , to remain a part of the state . 
  because it 's inefficient , shale wo n't last and has a too low eroei . 
  for the rest you 're totally allowed to poison your country and annex canada while you 're at it . 
  you know that every lobbiest in brussels from bp and shell will be all over the drafting of this union . 
  so the idea for this union is a good thing , but i fear the implementation . 
  what i would really welcome would be a research institute that gives a good overview of the energy flows in europe and identify the bottlenecks . 
  this also looks like a ` union ' against the citizens from europe . 
  i would like a sort of ` union ' to make a stand against outside parties and for europe . 
  however , it seems that this would be a ploy by current eu members to push fracking of shale gas down our throats . 
  also the promotion of other fossil fuels in favour of other sustainable sources of energy worries me a lot . 
  we could end our dependencies on all the fuel we get from drilling in the earth within 15 years if we wanted to . 
  this promoted ` union ' will stand in the way of these kind of transitions . 
  / u/changetip 1 internet, 
  i think we have 2 hydro electric plants in nl . 
  fortunately there 's more than enough wind here . 
  sad to see that the netherlands also rank this low . 
  otoh everybody is improving . 
  it will not be 10 million people , because a lot of people from eastern europe get sent back . 
  also if germany , netherlands , belgium , france , sweden , spain , poland , greece and the uk share the most . 
  the numbers will get insignificant again . 
  there 's a lot of money to be made from handling refugees and the greying economies need the new labour force . 
  another solution would be creating camps for 10 million people in poland or eastern spain . 
  that should pose no problem . 
  space enough , just get enough materials and refugees there . 
  but it wo n't be pretty . 
  they just got to an agreement for redistribution . 
  if we then make the benefits stick per country via eu wide registration they would have nowhere else to go . 
  now get all the refugee procedures aligned across the eu and we 'll get even further . 
  sweden can pose a problem with that one , with their current soft immigration laws . 
  but they will also get around eventually . '', 
  eu governments push through divisive deal to share 120,000 refugees czech republic , slovakia , hungary and romania vote against decision to impose quotas , as lack of consensus threatens to feed resentment '' http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/sep/22/eu-governments-divisive-quotas-deal-share-120000-refugees edit : changed source of news article . 
  we will be done earlier if that happens . 
  we have no resources , our patents will run out in a couple of years and we have better infrastructure that makes it easier to autmate . 
  37 % of our current jobs are ` bullshit jobs ' . 
  europe will be at the front lines for finding a solution to this problem . 
  there 's a reason that universal basic income is getting a lot of attention the last couple of years in europe . 
  the rest will follow not far behind . 
  africa is doing quite nicely at this moment . 
  except for the north african part and they still have the resources to export . 
  see hans roslings lecture here : the overpopulation myth https://youtu.be/ea5bm7ce5-8, 
  birth rates normally plummet if you give the immigrants good opportunities and let them take part of society . 
  the biggest assets that muslims had were big numbers and stiff vertical hierarchy . 
  those assets do n't work so well in the 21st century . 
  there exist very non-political correct methods for controlling minorities if things start to escalate . 
  as israel , syria and the us have demontrated . 
  the un and the rest of the international community might scream murder , but that has n't stopped europeans before . 
  fortunately , the numbers of the migrants remain relatively low . 
  so , it wo n't come to that . 
  with 500 million inhabitants , the eu should be able to harbor 10 million refugees and migrants . 
  otherwise we would be living in an economic and social system that 's very fragile and resembles a house of cards . 
  it might become rough the coming years , but the eu should be able to handle this . 
  one last note . 
  the middle-east and north africa remain some of the last shit-holes on this planet . 
  if we 're able to fix that , maybe we can finally integrate those areas in the global society and they can improve themselves . 
  then africa will become the next economic wonder and europe can become the museum and retirement home it always wanted to become . 
  we have them in the netherlands . 
  but they 're hidden really well . 
  if toyota is the biggest in greece .
