  it 's quite edgy . 
  them being the largest gang around and fucking people up , while looking nice . 
  these people are mostly not so bright scoundrels that seek redemption . 
  redemtion is hard . 
  almost all suspects starts to brag and sing as a bird as soon they 're caught . 
  keeping quiet and everything secret is really stressfull . 
  turkey needs the rest of its citizen to do all the hard work . 
  not only a couple of activists . 
  i would agree to still get out while you can . 
  with all the arrests , the place starts to look really bleak . 
  after a couple of years of activism , people get burned out and you did n't get much in return . 
  first let the rest of the people experience how things end up , when they get what they want . 
  maybe it has to get worse before people see that it must get better . 
  vested interests align with the current government and it 's not a fair fight . 
  that he did n't blow himself up last year was the reason he was n't welcome in is anymore . 
  i doubt he would go through with it now . 
  as long as you still sell weapons you do n't have the moral high ground . 
  only then you can call other supplying countries on the atrocities their facilitating . 
  stop selling weapons gives you the moral high ground . 
  so you do n't sound like a hypocrite when you call other countries out on supplying arms . 
  or strong enforcement of tax laws and labour laws to prevent people without a social security number getting work . 
  if you employ illegal migrants , you get a big fine for tax evasion . 
  but germany , france and italy do n't have this in order . 
  i agree on a couple of points . 
  first an analogy . 
  i attended a lecture on computer security a couple of years ago . 
  there the term `` m&m security '' was coined : hard on the outside , soft on the inside . 
  it 's of no use to have a big firewall for your organisation , if a simple e-mail attachment can infect every machine once it crosses the firewall . 
  it works the same with border control , fences and towing people back . 
  it might work to keep a lot of people out , but once they 're in you need good governance on national , european and international level to resolve the situation . 
  dutch immigration service should be quite good equipped to discern between the actual refugees and lying economic migrants . 
  furthermore the criminals we got from former yugoslavia , poland turkey and morocco do n't like competition . 
  which already turned out in a bloody liquidation war in amsterdam . 
  rescuing people from the aegean and med and placing them on eu soil is severely counter productive . 
  but we need good agreements with turkey and libya to make sure they never leave or they can be returned to those countries . 
  the same arrangement france and uk have currently . 
  we did this until 2005 . 
  then there was a court ruling we could n't tow them back to africa . 
  so new arrangements are currently being made . 
  also italy and the uk are already prepare a new mission to libya . 
  i hope they will clean up the place a bit and stabilise the place . 
  however , using weapons will only make things worse . 
  a lot of weapons that isis uses comes from nato countries and it 's tearing the place apart . 
  the whole mess in the middle east was partly created there because we thought it was a good idea to invade afghanistan and iraq . 
  then bomb libya . 
  now we complain that a lot of migrants are coming our way because of a power vacuum we created ourselves . 
  using less-lethal ( or non-lethal as you call them ) weapons on migrants is still a big nono . 
  but escalations will occur . 
  i also do n't like to have masses of single , fit , unhappy males of military age roaming on our streets . 
  fortunately they do n't do that in our town . 
  my local town did the most excellent thing . 
  they re-opened the asylum centre that would have been demolished . 
  that asylum centre was made to accommodate families and can hold around 480 people . 
  the only thing i notice is that people come to the supermarket to leech wifi , get a coffee and look amazed at the amount of stuff they can buy . 
  that 's where we are kind of lucky right now . 
  germany and belgium do n't have their shit in order . 
  so that makes a much better target for people without proper papers and cause . 
  also the prospect to reach the uk via belgium or france looks much better . 
  so a lot of them are going away back home . 
  then of course our police force is not entirely made out of pussies . 
  although most people think they only collect speeding tickets next to the road . 
  the occasional football riot and spending 50 % of their man power to hunt for weed , does ask of them to apply appropriate force . 
  furthermore , most cities try to limit the divide between the poor and rich . 
  a lot of municipal planners try to prevent a shit hole like molenbeek in brussels or the banlieu 's in paris . 
  the worst we do , comes from our shit housing market which makes it really expensive get a house over here . 
  which actually helps in this case . 
  except our political capital the hague totally screwed up on that one . 
  as you could see with the riots in the [ schilderswijk ] ( http://www.nltimes.nl/2015/06/30/riots-in-the-hague-after-aruban-dies-in-police-custody/ ) last year . 
  and the very nice and shiny government buildings on the other side . 
  hopefully we 'll learn . 
  all in all it 's still a tricky situation and it will take another year to get solved . 
  with proper immigration policy and asylum policy , those people will have nothing if they get rejected . 
  the proper refugees will get a temporary status and housing and are allowed to work . 
  but this mostly works for syrians and citizens of eritrea . 
  also this takes around 15 weeks of processing , so hang in there in the mean time . 
  iraqi 's , afghans , pakistanis , moroccans , senegalese and bulgarians will be tough out of luck . 
  so they only get a train ticket , bed , bath and bread . 
  now the tax office will make sure they wo n't make any money by making sure employers comply with tax and labour regulations . 
  maybe some of them can stay at relatives or friends , but it wo n't become the luxurious live they expected . 
  sweden ( and germany somewhat ) has some kind of self-esteem or guilt complexion and allows everybody to come over . 
  which their current country ca n't handle . 
  so they try to put all the immigrants in formerly big resorts in the middle of nowhere , where they cause a lot of trouble . 
  except if you have thriving illegal workforce . 
  and the country allows this because of cheap labour . 
  that 's where big problems start to occur . 
  and i think france , italy , greece and germany do n't have this in order . 
  so they all will stay there . 
  mostly in slums doing all the work nobody wants to do . 
  the best way to deter foreigners is to make it impossible to get a work permit and enforce it . 
  if you allow people to work without a permit , do n't be surprised if a lot of newcomers settle down . 
  in the netherlands you ca n't do shit without a bsn number ( citizen service number ) . 
  the dutch tax office will hound employers that they have everything in order . 
  and they already had a lot of practice with polish and romanian workers . 
  now for illegally staying new comers , the dutch government provides bed , bath and bread . 
  but during the day you 're on your own . 
  for people claiming asylum , we 've used [ ` the tactic of the leaking asylum tent ' ] ( https://www.groene.nl/artikel/de-lekkende-asieltent ) ( dutch article from 1998 ) during the yugoslavian civil war . 
  we give asylum seekers a fair chance , but it wo n't be fun . 
  if you 're claim is rejected , you get a train ticket reimbursed and you 're on the street . 
  where you ca n't get money for labour . 
  so people are going back already .
