  with these procedures , we only have around 100,000 illegal migrants in the netherland and less than that in asylum seekers . 
  things will get handled before they get out of control . 
  there is more than enough room for everyone . 
  unfortunately not every country wants to cooperate . 
  but then you would need to have proper registration systems . 
  and checks on illegals working for less than legal employees . 
  i do n't see every country in the eu enforcing this adequately . 
  the netherlands has really bleak prospects for illegal workers . 
  lot 's of them are returning . 
  they 're more humanist values than christian values . 
  a great idea . 
  the speech from yanis was very inspiring . 
  new years eve . 
  thank goodness that the fptp shared the same fate . 
  otherwise you get the same mess as in the usa or uk . 
  this article is a mess . 
  i had to read the start three times to figure out what is actually happening . 
  i think it goes like this . 
  the following organisations exist : * cage : activist group against harassment of governments and for justice and focusses mostly on muslim communities . 
  led by a former guantanomo bay resident . 
  controversial because they claimed that harassment by the uk government made mohammed emwazi go off the deep end and become jihadi john . 
  * prevent : a program from the uk government that promotes snitching on students and other people by university staff and other civil servants . 
  * prevent watch : a group of concerned citizens that monitors what false positives the prevent program gets and tries to get justice for these victims . 
  the piece then focusses on people suspected under the prevent program , which claimed to be innocent . 
  then they figure out that these people are already part of prevent watch and are in contact with cage . 
  well that 's a big surprise . 
  you could expect people being harassed by the government and being interrogated by the authorities based on rumours starting to organise themselves . 
  this article looks like propaganda for the uk government because it ca n't provide a clear story and blames minority organisations . 
  and that 's why courts have transcripts . 
  also male judges would not judge extra hard . 
  so it would check out . 
  finally a judge could give some pc leniency until the line is really crossed . 
  we 'll see in a couple of years . 
  it 's nice to be able to brag . 
  just saying that adsl does n't mean you 're in a developing nation . 
  adsl goes to 100 mbit nowadays . 
  should not be a problem . 
  the judge can just add `` contempt of court '' to the sentence and be done with it . 
  well you could walk around without any identification and claim to be here illegal . 
  it 's not leadership we need . 
  it 's disastership that gets things done . 
  they should change their border policy in order to improve turkeys situation . 
  if the eu does n't admit people from morocco or algeria that are in turkey . 
  then it 's their problem . 
  well . 
  turkey has visa free travel between morocco and algeria . 
  in that case it becomes their problem . 
  edit to clarify : moroccan and algerians travel to turkey without a visa . 
  once in turkey they ` lose ' their passport and try to get into the eu . 
  so , if the eu then stops the flow of moroccans and algerians going into the eu , they 're stuck in turkey . 
  i would then say it 's then turkeys problem that they have a lot of algerians and moroccans without a passport within their borders . 
  it now seems they overplayed their hands a bit . 
  because you can stop the shale oil while it 's too cheap and really easy start it all over again . 
  especially when you can buy the equipment second hand . 
  now for opec to agree with each other and actually limit the supply . 
  that will take wonders . 
  with saudi and iran now both exporting oil , they will not trust each other and allow the other parties to take market share . 
  only when the price of oil becomes so low that it reaches their cost price , then we might see some agreement amongst opec nations . 
  after that we will see if they adhere to it . 
  i was n't talking about muslims specific . 
  poverty , religion and sectarian strife will not help to advance all the poor people . 
  even after getting a lot of money while not having worked for it . 
  thanks for your reply . 
  i agree on the priorities . 
  having the right mentality works better than having the right tools . 
  also you learn better to estimate the situation and handle yourself . 
  which makes you a less desirable target . 
  at least take the current situation seriously and take appropriate action . 
  whatever that may become . 
  going onto a self defence course of martial art will probably help . 
  my wife also was quite scared to walk around at night alone . 
  but instead she said `` fuck that '' and started training martial arts . 
  now at least she knows how to spot trouble , keep out of it and handle herself . 
  ( and she also met me there ) i would also consider investing in an anti-stab vest . 
  will only cost you 200-300 eur . 
  if that sends the wrong message , maybe that 's the right message to her boss . 
  hope does n't work to get what you want until you fight for it . 
  i would advice for her to go back to 100 % . 
  it 's within the rules and she 's better rested and thus more alert . 
  she could also leave . 
  that will send the best signal . 
  they fuck themselves up over and over again . 
  it goes on through all levels . 
  from street thugs doing stupid crimes to opec unable to settle on limiting oil supply . 
  `` me for myself and god for us all . '', 
  used to be a christian thing . 
  but other people will also do this happily . 
  i would n't call it slavery . 
  but i think that the family moving to a secular state with equal rights will take some time to adjust for . 
  if everything is fine and they think their current way works out fine , no problem . 
  then telling the women their rights , would n't cause any problems . 
  for the small percentage that have problems in their current marriage , maybe they would like to know what their newly acquired rights are and maybe act on them . 
  this could lead to a lot of happier lives . 
  i agree . 
  just look at how birth rates plummet if you educate poor girls in poor countries . 
  now they learn , that they do n't have to raise 7 kids and treat the boys like little princes . 
  i think the female immigrants also would like to hear what their newly acquired rights entail . 
  like what kind of shit she does n't need to take anymore . 
  will there be a course for them also ? 
  or only a course to protect the locals from foreigners ?
