  the candidate the gop deserves . 
  unfortunately he might break a few things during his presidency . 
  i 'm mostly glad about this . 
  the current threat we now face is not more than we had in the netherlands in the '70s and '80s . 
  i face much more risk of dying in traffic , than a die due to terrorist . 
  i 'm more afraid of all the hysteria around it . 
  after the lissabon bombing we were quite safe in europe . 
  unfortunately some people who went to syria got training there and are now doing terrible things . 
  so these incidents are unfortunately on the rise again . 
  however the guy on the thalys was not very compentent or smart . 
  from : http://www.nytimes.com/2015/08/23/world/europe/thalys-train-attack-france-moroccan-suspect.html  but some officials and experts also recommended caution about the thalys train episode , suggesting that the suspect was wrongly equipped to shoot up a narrow train and appeared to have been poorly trained as well , because his kalashnikov jammed and his pistol was improperly loaded . 
    they also questioned the symbolic value of a train attack , compared with the carefully chosen symbolism of the attacks at charlie hebdo , which was denounced by many muslims for its spoofing depictions of the prophet muhammad , and at a kosher supermarket in paris . 
  altogether , 17 people were killed . 
   `` a thalys train is not charlie hebdo , '' said fran\u00e7ois heisbourg , a defense and security analyst at the foundation for strategic research in paris . 
  `` and i do n't know what they taught him in syria if he was ever there . 
  you do n't want to use an assault rifle in a place you can barely turn around . '' these people are always already on the radar of the authorities . 
  but mostly too late . 
  if the plans are foiled , it 's mostly the upstanding citizens in the neighbourhood that prevent the attack . 
  also the following anaylisis from 2007 still stands : ` al-qaeda ' puts on big shoes , red nose , takes custard pie http://www.theregister.co.uk/2007/07/02/terror_idiocy_outbreak/, 
  most smart and competent terrorists are dead or caught . 
  the plans that get foiled regularly had never much chance of succeeding . 
  except the that the whole media becomes crazy and keeps the mainstream scared . 
  good luck shooting a lot of people in the cramped space of a train with an ak-47 . 
  you will get some casualties , but you wo n't have much time before people take you out . 
  they 're mostly fools and [ puppets ] ( http://www.onlyanimes.info/fiches/ghostintheshell/tsuan_gen_fang2.jpg ) nowadays . 
  always the numbers of migrants have been overblown in the past . 
  there is too much money for the companies involved to not underplay the numbers . 
  however the current inflow of migrants poses a real strain on the current system that is in place for handling those migrants . 
  i will believe it when i see it next year . 
  i do n't really see the difference . 
  but i hope we as eu countries get our shit together and make something of the eu institutions . 
  not the other way around . 
  the parallels to the euro crisis and greece to the current refugee crisis seem strong . 
  it will take a while to get our shit together in the eu , but i think we 'll get through this . 
  they should not have to accommodate every refugee . 
  you can still redistribute across the rest of the world . 
  but as soon as they get out of the conflict zone , they should be safe and not pose a treat to others . 
  i think those would be able to clean things up quickly . 
  but security guards from turkish or moroccan will turn a blind eye for these kinds of problems . 
  the provisional application means that parts of ceta already take effect after signing and before ratification of the parliaments of the countries . 
  if signing the treaty goes forwards , we will have quite some work to reverse this provisional application when the parliaments trow ceta out . 
  it was the english that ran away back to dunkirke . 
  the dutch did put up a pretty good fight . 
  howecer , that does n't help if you have no air force to stop the bombers going towards rotterdam . 
  next time we 'll be glad to sacrifice to population to keep our good name . 
  two words : provisional application . 
  even if ceta is rejected it becomes law . 
  it 's all about context . 
  in 1994 the streets were eerily quiet with only eastern european made cars like lada 's . 
  nothing to be proud about . 
  the grid lock you have currently is just the next stage . 
  when finally you make the centre of the city car free , get excellent public transport and excellent for biking . 
  just like amsterdam , copenhagen and london is working on that . 
  there are a lot more cars , lot more people and even tourists . 
  no bullet holes in the buildings . 
  restaurants do n't have white cheap garden furniture . 
  it 's a lot better . 
  the place has changed quite a bit for the better since i 've been there . 
  but that was 1994 . 
  why deport ? 
  just tell them where they can get benefits and a train ticket . 
  that 's why countries need to enforce labour tax laws . 
  the dutch tax maffia ( fiod ) will hound any employer that uses illegals into the ground . 
  so only 100,000 illegals in the netherlands . 
  who are probably mooching of their relatives or criminals . 
  because you ca n't make any money . 
  germany , france , italy , spain do n't have this in order . 
  because they can use the cheap labour . 
  the french might get occupied and surrender . 
  the british just flee accross the channel . 
  it 's perfect . 
  we choose a language that everyone speaks , but do n't favour any country within that army . 
  otherwise we would have to switch to esperanto . 
  reminds me of : `` an injust peace here , thanks to a righteous war elsewhere . '', 
  they should still get their stuff in order . 
  which germany `` wir schaffen das '' certainly ca n't . 
  if it 's profitable to leave the camps , then other countries do n't have their work tax enforcement in order . 
  in the netherlands you ca n't do shit without a social security number . 
  if the tax office catches an employer that uses illegals , he 's in deep shit . 
  so we only have around 100.000 illegals , total in the netherlands . 
  the migrants only get food and shelter as long as they stay put . 
  or they can go back . 
  it 's mostly germany , france , italy , spain and greece that do n't have their labour tax enforcement not in order . 
  and they lose migrants by the boatload in their own country . 
  both . 
  increased healthcare and military spending also boost gdp . 
  that 's why solutions become the new problems . 
  it would provide more jobs for southern europeans and also provide more money . 
  taking care of migrants can also be done here , but it would be more expensive and grow our gdp in the north and increase the imbalance . 
  but first we need to deal with this on a european level . 
  something like a good registration , distribution and repatriation system . 
  economic migrants from morocco , libia and sub-sahara africa should go back asap . 
  only if the europeans slam . 
  in this case it 's by someone from the us . 
  but you still need special screwdrivers and special software . 
  when i repaired my fairphone 2 , i was amazed that they used philips screws instead of torx . 
  and i can replace the screen within a minute . 
  we could create year round burning man festivals with education , asylum procedures , entertainment and integration services for 10.000 eur per migrant in southern europe . 
  if we wanted to . 
  but that would be too cheap and solve our problems .
