  i think that greece is planning ahead to become a 3rd world country . 
  yeah . 
  the pillars of our economy : healthcare , military , housing and cars . 
  if people do n't throw their hard earned cash at those , our economy tanks . 
  so , we have houses made of crap engineering on scarce lots , cars thrive on marketing , please do get a chronic condition and remain scared of what countries on the other side of the world do . 
  your country/bank needs you . 
  well , young proffesionals are n't buying houses en cars any more . 
  the highest status they will buy consist of some good clothes and the whole apple line-up . 
  which only sets them back for 2500 eur . 
  - mathieu weggeman no wonder the whole economy goes down the toilet . 
  i will even upvote the calls to upvote that video . 
  on the closing of the referendum , i played it like 3 times over . 
  i think he resigned to implement the back-end of steam in greece and use it with a sms front end . 
  centralized digital money within a couple of months . 
  the steam economy ca n't be that much more complex that greece . 
  greece only has 11 million users . 
  i think gabe newell would be up to the challenge . 
  i think varoufakis just called gabe newell from valve . 
  to see if greece can use the steam back-end for a centralised parallel digital currency in greece . 
  you can even make it a black elephant . 
  everybody is looking around it and when everything goes wrong , everybody wonders what happened . 
  this will become a really big mess . 
  the us tried to design a multi-role airplane before in the '60s ( ca n't remember the type ) . 
  the reason they do n't have any at this moment , is because they all got shot down . 
  edit : clarification that i 'm not talking about the f-16 or f/a -18 . 
  which actually are good planes . 
  f-35 is too slow , too heavy and too complex . 
  it 's better explained here : http://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/rj7hv/reddit_each_f35_fighter_jet_will_cost_taxpayers/c46bco1, 
  it 's the 3 step program of the international monetary maffia as described by john perkins . 
  * cripple them with loans . 
  * then go after the foreign government until they bind in or are dead . 
  * otherwise arrange the us or un to ` liberate ' the country and take their resources . 
  this already looks like the beginning of stage 2 . https://youtu.be/xwuact1bxhu, 
  and they fell for it completely . 
  it 's really good to see that public television performs its job again . 
  i think that all the cuts of the past years have made their marks and the public broadcasting have learned that playing nice with politics wo n't get them bigger budgets . 
  also in the netherlands we have some good television again . 
  arjen lubach does his best john oliver imitation and made a nice eli5 on ttip . 
  they framed the video . 
  it was only uploaded in februari . 
  while the talk was from 2013 . 
  this is getting better and better . 
  because now the ` experts ' and show host need to cough up an apology . 
  the problem now is . 
  the banks are n't spending our money and it 's gone now . 
  i would rather have the average greek spend it on northern european goods . 
  at least they 're educated thugs . 
  if an incident happens and the guy at the door goes berserk without certification , the owner can be held accountable . 
  nightclub doormen also need to have a certification in the netherlands . 
  we do n't let any thug watch the doors of a cafe . 
  only educated ones . 
  those wwf guys need a permit . 
  so the ` sharia police ' would also need a permit to do their thing . 
  i do n't think it would last that long . 
  have a good labour inspection . 
  every employee needs to pays taxes via their employer and receives benefits from the state . 
  ( unemployment , et al ) undeclared businesses do n't exist . 
  ( or they 're criminal ), 
  you ca n't work in the netherlands without a social security number . 
  the tax service will hold the employer accountable if he dodges wage taxes . 
  you do n't even need to maintain your border with this system . 
  because illegal immigrants ca n't do any work and will be leeching of friends and family , who get real tired of that , real quick . 
  the netherlands has around 17 million inhabitants and only 100,000 illegals . 
  i think that germany , france , spain and italy do n't have their labour inspections and tax inspection so good in order . 
  so they need to maintain their borders to keep everyone out . 
  eastern spain and poland are mostly empty . 
  you could make some really good camps over there . 
  i thought the netherlands gave some amount to get back to where they came from and the rest if they really got back . 
  and it was n't peanuts either . 
  around 2500 eur or something . 
  just give them some money that costs less then deporting them back . 
  you know the amount of eu certifications you need to drive a truck over here . 
  good luck getting them without a social security number . 
  spain used to have a migrant visa for moroccans to do seasonal work . 
  i think that would also alleviate the problem of illegal migrants . 
  the only thing merkel said : `` it 's not my job to influence this accusation and trial . '', 
  which i think is fair . 
  as soon as the case against jan boehmermann is thrown out of court , we 'll have precedence and the turkish government will think twice to do this again . 
  in the mean time merkel can keep up the charade that there is a deal with turkey for resolving this crisis . 
  this buys time for the eu to come to a solution by itself . 
  i personally think the deal with turkey will fall through and the eu will have to think of an eu wide solution to this . 
  however not all eu countries are yet on board to do so . 
  just like the euro crisis . 
  first every other scenario has to be tried before the eu will take responsibility . 
  it also takes time to get all the border guards up across the eu border , bribe all the eu countries to take in newcomers , make sure you can accommodate 1 million migrants , have your labour inspections in order to stave off illegal labourers , shorten the procedures to manage the influx of migrants and then we still need to get the message to all the safe countries they should n't try this . 
  edit : typos, 
  i do . 
  also took some time to work itself out . 
  one of the things that really works in the netherlands is our tax system . 
  no employer would dare to hire an illegal migrant without a social security number and valid id . 
  on a population of 17 million we only have around 100,000 illegals . 
  there is nowhere for them to go and nothing to do . 
  it confirms the racial profiles that are known . 
  biggest gang to arrange cocaine , cars , money and violence . 
  i had quite a fun time in brandenburg during cccamp 2015 . 
  but we even had to bring our own fiber internet there . 
  the locals even asked if the internet would stay after we left . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=daluvqiayru some things are still really backwards in germany . 
  ( like no public wifi and using cash instead of tokens at concerts ) for the rest it is a nice country with nice people . 
  that made me lol .
