  so it will not happen . 
  and we should only take in asylum seekers . 
  migrants that are too lazy to make something of their lives outside the eu should be repatriated elsewhere . 
  after an appeals procedure . 
  with a little money to accomodate them back home . 
  i never bought apple . 
  the closed nature of their products might have nice integration , but you tatally have no control if you want to do anything extra . 
  i think they 're more unwilling instead of incompetent but not by much . 
  just like with the eurocrisis in greece . 
  in the end it will get solved . 
  for the time being . 
  also to stem the rise of right wing parties , some harder measures will need to be taken . 
  or otherwise those right wing parties will win and take those measures . 
  they problably would . 
  but if we can make diplomatic agreements with turkey , we should also be able to do it with them . 
  there 's a lot more the eu can do without shooting people . 
  we 're already bombing people . 
  let 's first stop doing that . 
  just take the actions that would be possible if the eu got it 's act together . 
  * establish one european border and maintain it . 
  * establish one european asylum procedure and keep the refugees in cheap places . 
  like for instance poland or spain . 
  * shorten the asylum procedures and kick people out after an appeal . 
  pay libya or morrocco to take them in . 
  * jail the smugglers and kick them out after their sentence . 
  * stop bombing in syraqistan . 
  * use the money that was meant for turkey on paying for these measures . 
  * even try to build up failed states via the un or eu . 
  so people do n't come here . 
  as soon as assad is saved , the kurds will get shafted . 
  erdogan , assad and putin will make sure of that . 
  i think the eu has now bought enough time to prepare . 
  let them come and we 'll deal with this a lot more effective than the first time around . 
  norway and austrailia : wealth basically based around extracting resources . 
  which will end . 
  switzerland : wealth based around international banking secrets . 
  which is also under duress . 
  it 's a very tough world to being on your own . 
  the us , china , eu and russia will eat the uk for breakfast during trade negotiations . 
  china was already too big to manage they did n't have any aspirations for further expansions . 
  it was in one of the 42 crash course world history videos . 
  the estimate is around 200 million from central asia . 
  especially bangladesh is vulnerable . 
  but all the big countries have their biggest city on the coast line . 
  so they also have problems . 
  `` climate change really is a pass/fail exam of evolution . '', 
  source : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fmybaur7gzu, 
  missile defence technology wo n't do shit against an incoming icbm . 
  except make wealthy people in washington d.c. even more richer . 
  you want to catch the missile when it 's going up . 
  but that means you need to be near the launching sites of these icbm 's . 
  which russia and china really do n't like . 
  the rise of other nations is only natural . 
  the west got to gunpowder , steam engine and nukes first . 
  now eerybody has them and the power across the globe amongst nuclear powers is evening out again . 
  the nato countries do not like this . 
  but keeping all the power for the us and eu , will destabilize the world a lot more . 
  we could have had a lot more stable middle-east if we tried . 
  that would have cost the first world countries a lot of dominance . 
  and we of course ca n't have that . 
  our immigration service tries to determine the nationality of someone during interviews . 
  accents , use of language and knowing the surroundings of the village where they claim to come from seems to make all the difference . 
  doing an interview with google maps and wikipedia should make small work of liars . 
  < / sarcasm  remember 9/12 1863 in vienna . 
  the war nerd : the day after 9/11 https://pando.com/2014/09/12/the-war-nerd-the-day-after-911/  the big anniversary is here again . 
  the big muslim/western confrontation . 
  only it was n't on september 11 , it was actually september 12 . 
  and it was n't just a couple of buildings falling down in manhattan , it was way bigger than that . 
  those two towers that went down in manhattan are like a counter-illustration of the old phil 101 koan , `` if a tree falls in the forest and no one hears it ... '' this version goes , `` if a couple of buildings fall down right down the street from the hq of every major news organization , do they ever shut up about it ? ''   so forget about that over-hyped demolition video . 
  i 'm talking about the real thing : vienna , september 12 , 1683 : an ottoman army , 140,000 turks and assorted balkan and tatar allies , dug in outside the walls of vienna . 
  30,000 austrian villagers held as hostages . 
  a tiny , starved garrison of about 11,000 patrolling the walls of the city , dreaming of all-u-can-eat bratwurst . '', 
  why ??? 
  i do n't live in turkey . 
  i feel sympathy with the people in turkey and i think they have a rough time right now . 
  either way . 
  but this year is becoming quite a rolling coaster and some humor helps to not turn away . 
  it looks like erdogan reached his expiration date . 
  and it was earily quiet about turkey the last 2 weeks . 
  we 're just halfway through and christmas is still on the horizon . 
  diem25 is n't left enough ? 
  german police : the biggest and baddest gang around . 
  countering illegal immigration is done via labour tax enforcements . 
  if you ca n't work illegally , you move away again . 
  germany , france , england , spain and italy do not have this in order . 
  in the netherlands you ca n't do shit without proper papers . 
  so we do n't have so much illegal immigrants . 
  our asylum procedures are still abysmal on the other hand . 
  which results in really large numbers of asylum seekers stuck in the process . 
  this looks like a good match except for the first 2 and last 2 points . 
  can someone do an infographic ? 
  constantinople is only the least of it . 
  more like the muslims being the scourge of middle-east , north africa , southern europe and india for more than 1000 years . 
  could someone do a point by point comparison between erdogan and ceausescu ? 
  being deranged , have a big palace and a crazy wife are the only things i can think of . 
  if your application in the netherlands is rejected you only get `` bed , bath and bread . '', 
  good luck with that . 
  also you would n't be able to get work , because we enforce labour tax laws . 
  the employers would be fucked if they employ illegal migrants . 
  also we should be repatriating moroccan , pakistani and afghan immigrants .
