paul de leeuw actually called upon kleintje pils to do this , causing this attention . 
  [ for the dutch ] ( http://dewerelddraaitdoor.vara.nl/media/307761 ), 
  no , eelco bos van rosenthal rentmeesters the washington post, 
  neither did hollande, 
  i should be danish . 
  looked up the statistics of the netherlands , i am surprised 10 % has a problem with a neighbour being homosexual, 
  the french actually co-operated with the nsa , and now they side with the germans ? 
   the controversial doctor in tuitjenhorn administered hundred times the normal dose of morphine to a terminal patient . 
  that led to the death of the man within half an hour . 
   the gp told local caregivers he diluted the dose , which he did n't . 
   morphine is normally given in doses of 10 mg , usually being repeated every four hours . . 
  the doctor stated that he administered 1000 mg of morphine intra-muscular , 500mg in both thighs . 
   the dutch inspection on healthcare released documents on this case , which is highly exceptional . 
   an intern , connected to the amsterdam medical centreled to this case ending up at the inspection . 
  the inspection concluded the docter failed tremendously . 
  the inspection writes that it could not trust that `` patient safety and the quality of the gp to provide care were adequately safeguarded '' . 
   given the `` acute , severe and substantial risk '' the inspection saw no other option than to put gp tromp out of duty . 
  tromp commited suicide shortly after . 
   the state of affairs led to great unrest among doctors . 
   the inspection decided to publish the report to give more clarity . 
   the inspection hopes this will contribute to patients and family 's trust on terminal healthcare , and the judgment on this area . 
  the discussion on black pete is almost becoming a tradition of its own . 
  german cities get aprox 60m overnight stays in hotels each year , seems like zhe ghermans should also know a thing or two ? 
  or what about italy with 46m visitors . 
  i never heared anybody bitch about italian hospitality . 
  do n't get your panties in a twist . 
  the french are known to just speak french to anybody on the french streets , despite their ability to speak something else and the inability of some tourists to speak french ... for fucks sake , the parisian tourist agency has even issued pamflets for the french waiters on how to behave towards tourists both in attitude and in language . 
  the french should take an example from the germans , belgians , norwegians , swedes or dutch . 
  countries where the vast majority is more than happy to help out someone in a different language than their own . 
  ^ ^ you ^ ^ must ^ ^ be ^ ^ french, 
  as if a frenchman would want to speak anything else than french . 
  hell , even your former president refused to speak in english on international meetings . 
  is n't that called simply romanian ? 
  denmark wins, 
  one year poland competes , the other year holland . 
  does that ledthingy say write songs not flags ? 
  nor did belgium, 
  speak english you lazy french fuck, 
  has to be taken off asap, 
  estonia just bought themselves gas for the following year . 
  try going from an eeee to a uuuuu . 
  somewhere in between you 'll find the proper sound . 
  qatar almost joined the ebu to be able to buy beyonce and have her perform there . 
  the dutch should get them back to the netherlands . 
  commentator does n't know waht milf stands for, 
  the dutch commentary said he had to look up the meaning of #milf, 
  another rule : if your commentator mentions seeing your flag , you drink . 
  you guys sent bonny tyler . 
  is she getting married ? 
  spain makes up for the lack of tits from italy, 
  an italian woman on tv , without cleavage ? 
  probably riot, 
  oh man , the dutch commentary is cringe-worthy . 
  the moment anouk does n't get any points you can hear them swallowing back words about how shitty the voting country is . 
  what is he wearing ? 
  that 's what you get for invading a country . 
  someone grab his ears !, 
  as in , france getting 8 points . 
  puts hand up for france, 
  dutch did gay marriage first , just saying . 
  we 'll let a gay couple host the esf next year . 
  since when do the swedes ride bicycles ? 
  that breastwiggle failed miserably . 
  cascada was the epitome of english pop shit . 
  if there is a song sung in english which was n't popshit , it was either greece or the netherlands, 
  english is commonly accepted as a lingua franca , both in trade and in media . 
  french is neither . 
  hurrah anouk, 
  french who need their own language , afraid that they wo n't understand a single thing . 
  fucking learn english . 
  even worse , you 're big five . 
  you contribute the most backstage , why not some entertainment front stage . 
  well , this one at least has a handlebar on her head for doggystyle, 
  oh god , you might be right !, 
  add in something about carrying if you want to score creeperpoints, 
  i 'm liking this guy , with his fancy suit and a language other than english i can actually understand . 
  too bad he is a rip of from eros ramazotti, 
  what use is pretty if you wear clothing which prohibits you from walking ? 
  the tall guy has a size 66 ( euro ), 
  he guys , did you know alcohol is free ? 
  epic trumpet guy !, 
  tuned in around 8 . 
  are you talking about romania ? 
  i miss contestants featuring idiots like epic sax guy, 
  his nose looks as if it 's part of his glasses . 
  you know , like one of them fake ones . 
  ellie goulding would 've been awesome, 
  you forgot about lordi i suppose ? 
  was n't that far off then . 
  fuck , the uk decided not to give a fuck and sent out a 50 year old alcoholic , smoking woman you 'd find on the geordie shore ? 
  earth : you get mountains !, 
  and you get mountains !, 
  you get mountains !, 
  the netherlands : what about us ? 
  earth : sorry , we ran out . . 
  so , boris johnson wo n't be likely to get elbow-deep into the brexit at all but will be tasked with keeping up all other relationships . 
  eat that finland !, 
  build dykes everywhere and threaten to puncture them . 
  so every country has got great historical or cultural stuff . 
  and what does the uk get ?
