in actuality , these shithole countries are only worth something when basically being run and overseen by western countries . 
  if left to their own devices , it 's back to raping and pillaging and tribal wars . 
  there 's not enough money and resources in the world to keep all these dark corners of the world safe from themselves forever . 
  one can only dream . 
  and what does that have to do with europe ? 
  there are more people now who have not had a say in belonging to eu , than when it was originally voted in . 
  eu is also not the same that it was before . 
  re-evaluating its usefulness should be mandatory every 50 years . 
  it is no longer about co-operation , it has grown into some socialist experiment gone horribly wrong . 
  also democracy is not really something eu does , and meps can only slightly affect the decisions that are made by eu 's true permanent leaders who are not elected nor ever under re-election . 
  all the officials and comissars wield true power in eu . 
  watch as the officials will punish uk against our will , to strike fear into us . 
  because wanting to leave eu 's bureaucratic grasp is xenophobic , racist and sexist . 
  / eyeroll yes indeed , the 18 year old american liberal student has the perfect world view of the world , and everything else is something - ist, 
  is n't it awful when most people do n't share the ideology of 18 year old american liberal students ? 
  they need to read more reddit for a fair assessment on what they should be thinking . 
  agreed . 
  many more will be initiating leave campaigns , unless the federalisation is stopped . 
  we do n't want to be powerless minor states with no control over anything . 
  we already have enough trouble with trying to make our own politicians work for us . 
  eu is a safe-haven for political traitors , such as the former prime minister of finland jyrki katainen , who escaped a political lynching to a cushy non-democratic job as the first-ever powerless eu-comissar . 
  more border control , no more new poor members , less free stuff and immediate deportation for 3rd world people coming in here with false pretenses , less socialized debt packages with tax payer money , less regulation . 
  these are the things that need to be done to keep eu . 
  is n't it awful when the majority of people do n't share the viewpoints of 18 year old american liberal students ? 
  fuck me sideways , just looked up the salary of each eu-comissar , and it 's actually 20000 $ a month . 
  of course normal comissars do something at least ( fuck each member states ' people actively ) , but phew . 
  costly people who are immune to democracy . 
  hear hear . 
  i mean co-operation worked just fine before eu was so over-arching . 
  it literally could be just a union about slightly easier travel and co-operation . 
  many eu-supporters especially on reddit are too young to remember or understand how the world worked before eu . 
  spoilers ; it worked a hell of a lot better , and we had less problems with immigration , and each country had economic tools to deal with their own problems instead of just permanently funneling well-being into germany . 
  uhhuh , a solid argument why eu totally needs these comissaries that are outside the democratic means . 
  why are n't meps be enough to perform every task that the eu needs ? 
  eu never should have been an economic union . 
  within 50 years it will be added to the massive pile of failed experiments on what happens when you pile up everybody 's money and try to share it fairly ( socialism ) . 
  never in the history of mankind has that ever gone well . 
  eu is run by a cabal of non-democratic commissaries , that are rewarded non-democractic safe spots for politicians that betray their own people for the betterment of the monster that is eu . 
  finland has its own top-level shill , our former prime minister jyrki katainen . 
  he used his influence to force finland into the devastating debt-packages , and knowing that his local political career was destroyed after that failure , he was awarded the first ever comissary spot without actual power . 
  they literally created a job for him out of thin air , a comissar without a particular area of focus ( which has never existed before ) . 
  16000 $ monthly salary for doing nothing , and completely outside the influence of democracy . 
  he 's not elected anymore , nor up for any re-election . 
  eu and socialism in general are run by these permanent officials that are outside the reach of law and democracy . 
  i miss the times before the current over-arching eu , before it became the democracy-destroying monster of bureaucracy . 
  great britain and its people are showing us the way back to a more reasonable union , by showing the bureaucrats that there 's still a shred of democracy left ( though i 'm sure this `` error '' will not be allowed in the future anymore ) . 
  we wo n't be forced to serve germany 's financial/self-flagellant interests anymore , we wo n't be forced to be the entire world 's welfare office either . 
  even the mere immigrant flood has already shut down our societies . 
  welfare is getting cut , my nordic country went from one of the least debt per gdp to being among the highest , with 2nd worst growth in purchase power in the entire eu . 
  everything costs more , wage raises do n't do anything when taxed keep rising . 
  government is selling infrastructure trying to survive the debt , which ends up costing even more for the people . 
  immigration costs 1 billion euros a year here approximately , for every year this amount of visitors continue to stay . 
  we are not in a position to increase the defense budget that the us so graciously provided by proxy , when we ca n't even handle a `` few '' greedy africans . 
  not sure if dumb , or what . 
  but sweden , like most nordic countries , were built by very homogenous populations , making it easy to attain great prosperity and peaceful unity . 
  up to like 20 years ago , we had maybe 0,5 % blacks/browns etc. 
  but now take sweden , open doors policy for 10 years , and suddenly they 're the rape capital of europe . 
  and the most grenade attacks too . 
  it 's an absolute travesty what the country has allowed to happen to its people . 
  dozens no-go zones where law enforcement ca n't go , etc. 
  living in a similar country going down a similar path as sweden did , and being old enough to have known the old sweden , it 's just really sad . 
  yeaaah ... would be great if we could stop voting in these dumb pro-immigration / refugee business leaders here in europe . 
  who knew that massive dumping of money on the economy with debt can temporarily bring gdp growth of a whopping 1-1 ,5 % ? 
  wow / s and majority of the eu countries being over 100-150 % in debt compared to gdp is certainly no problem . 
  ca n't wait to get started on more debt packages as a middle-class tax payer . 
  this charade is coming to its end . 
  that 's exactly why . 
  eu has never been a worse deal than it is now , because we 're forced to `` meet '' foreign people . 
  refugees are abusing our welfare , raping our women , dealing drugs , participating in islamisation/terrorism , and there 's nothing we can do to stop them since they just hop countries and come back without papers again . 
  europhiles want a population switch so badly , that they 're willing to risk the eu over it . 
  wonderful news , let 's get to dismantling the eu in other countries as well . 
  eurocrats and europhiles can go down with their bureaucratic hell . 
  no borders and no democracy leads to pretty disgruntled citizens , and rightly so . 
  we 're not taking a single refugee anymore without having a say in it . 
  `` right wing people '' do n't scare me at all compared to how europhiles like you scare me . 
  this is the most north korean thing i 've read today . 
  `` maybe it 's better for us germans when facebook leaves '' ( * so people do n't get differing opinions * ) . 
  `` destabilize the lives of people by giving nazis and right wing people a platform to propagate '' ( * those nasty non-liberals . 
  they should have no representation and only liberal ideas should be allowed * ) . 
  ca n't believe the opinions that people spew here . 
  if your fantastic vision of the europe ca n't be defended or justified without lies , censorship and propaganda , you should probably re-evaluate your ideology a bit . 
  that 's what you think , but eu does n't care about your constitution , nor your rights , nor your democracy . 
  https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2016-05-31/europe-gets-u-s-tech-leaders-to-self-censor this draconian thing is fast in motion , and it 's a bloody shame how it was passed with flying colours only because it supports leftist world views and leftist propaganda . 
  interesting how germans on reddit seem to be the most ok with having the government decide what news we are allowed to see and what not . 
  would think people there would know the dangers of an overbearing government controlling all speech and ideas . 
  is it because you have so many leftists overall due to the self-hatred , and you are embarrassed how everyone in europe can see how badly you fucked up our continent ? 
  how truly terrible your much-hyped `` dream society '' actually is ? 
  must quickly hide the evidence and just pretend everything is ok , people will come to understand `` the dream '' eventually if they 're just told enough times . 
  / s everything is just like it used to be , you see ? 
  just get more police with heavy weaponry to protect every event , more online surveillance , and everyone will live happily hand in hand with all races of people coming together / s the rest of us have had enough , eu is finished . 
  germany can fuck their own country as much as they want in their flagellant ways , the rest of us are going to move back to liberty and independence . 
  thanks for actually killing the bastard . 
  european `` justice '' system would have made a mockery out of the victims ' suffering as usual by giving him a cushy 10 year `` sentence '' in jail with his other muslim friends . 
  it says `` germany and france do n't give a fuck about minor states '' . 
  about sums it up . 
  the paris agreement is absolute trash . 
  my country is basically required to revert to pre-industrialisation era pollution levels , while countries that were ahead in industrialization get really easy targets in comparison . 
  gee , wonder why it seems like the agreement is made so that the biggest eu deciders like germany and france get off the easiest ? 
  perfect example of what is wrong with eu , it does n't understand nor care what is reasonable for each country separately . 
  if federal eu happens , it will be a disaster when they get to decide on everything with competence like this .
