[ friedrich engels ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/friedrich_engels ) , he co-authored * the communist manifesto *, 
  the third one is really similar to what china has http://chineseposters.net/images/pc-1968-l-005.jpg long live marx-leninism with mao ideology !, 
  also keep in mind that reddit is an english-language based website, 
  it would in fact still make it the second most expensive olympics , winter or summer , ever , after beijing 2008 . 
  say if half of that was pocketed somewhere along the pipeline , the realistic budget is more like $ 25b, 
  safe to say same can be said for majority of politicians . 
  i mean hey who would n't want to see barcelona fail ? 
  apart from bar\u00e7a supporters . 
  that 's giving it too much credit , i would say it 's on the level of lord of the rings . 
  british all star league ... or fuck it get a sponsor and called it sportsdirect league . 
  celtic is very dominant in the scottish premiership since ranger 's relegation and since there is n't much competition domestically it has become rather stagnant and unable to achieve much on the european level . 
  i think that it could only do both english and scottish football well if scottish teams are allowed to play in the premier league for better competition . 
  look at swansea and cardiff . 
  or you know create a new british-wide top flight that both premier league and premiership promotes to , whatever sounds better to you . 
  well i can safely say your english is making mine look ridiculous . 
  this phenomenon is n't only on reddit though , if you look at youtube statistics a lot of english videos are watched by germans , dutch and scandinavian when the french are far down the list . 
  herp derp free texas from martial law . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2013/nov/27/scottish-independence-spain-alex-salmond-eu mariano rajoy , spain 's incumbent , heavily implied it in 2013 . 
  well if a team suddenly only plays itself domestically , even if its one of the best in the world , it will be in celtic 's situation quickly . 
  yea maybe on more foreign aid . 
  a brit was shot, 
  of course a dane would say that . 
  gretchen , stop trying to make mining salt happen , it 's not going to happen . 
  and 15 million subscriptions, 
  pretty sure all of your neighbours will say this . 
  you 're making us look bad . 
  also tastes like champagne now that sepp blatter is gone, 
  it 's definitely the uk, 
  whether or not it 's ridiculous and ott is subjective . 
  personally i find it interesting to have a little bit of flair sometimes instead of seeing drab politicians in suits all the time , but hey that 's just me . 
  [ the mirror said it costed # 150,000 , ] ( http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/queens-speech-taxpayers-fork-out-1875500 ) but hey its the mirror . 
  [ you have an almost identical ceremony where you are in canada ] ( http://www.c-span.org/video/?162252-1/opening-canadian-parliament ) i 'm ok with it , how much could it possibly cost to have a ceremony like this anyway , # 100k ? 
  besides the golden chairs and the jewels are all here already and what would the royal family do with it sell it ? 
  [ churchill was cool as fuck though ] ( http://m.tattoos.fr/sites/default/files/styles/original/public/field/image/churchill-tattoo.jpeg?itok=w1ptlm-b ), 
  why would that matter to you ? 
  but if you must know half english 1/4 irish 1/4 chinese . 
  lemon flavoured . 
  i see no misinformation i think you might have to accentuate more . 
  i know who the huguenots are and if you can propose a better way to work out the immigration number proportional to contemporary population then please show your workings . 
  here 's mine . 
  * percentage of migrants * 50,000 / 2,500,000 = 0.002 % * number of migrants proportional to today 's population * 64,100,000 * 0.002 % = 1,282,000 ( 20 years ) * number per year * 1,282,000 / 20 = 64,000 per year `` ease of ( travel and ) interconnectedness '' as you put it has indeed nothing to do with strain on public services , which has n't been mentioned in our conversation until now . 
  it was just a remark on the fact that people of the world has moved around a fair bit more than we have in the 16th century . 
  now that you talk about public services i would just like to say it is certainly not a fixed item , its not like you get less of a pie because it is getting divided more ; rather the pie will get bigger as migrants contribute to the economy and pay taxes . 
  also the cost of some public services like defence does n't change according to the population , so in a way the more people we have the more cost effective . 
  comparing migrants who has settled here and paid a lifetime worth of taxes and national insurance to a ponzi scheme is absurd . 
  if a migrant is law-abiding , contributing , and willing to settle in the uk and integrate well within society , they are british in my eyes ; just like the migrants that came before them . 
  anything less is surely discriminatory . 
  the funny thing about growth is that where it is the highest is also where the most opportunities can be found , i would not be surprised if romanians and bulgarians and even us british are now going to poland for work because that is where the opportunities are . 
  comparing australia and canada has every bit to with this and the land area makes it more costly for public services to service the populace not less . 
  i see your ranking of the top 4 of population density conveniently left out netherlands and simultaneously assumed that wales , scotland and ni had declared independence . 
  but that is beyond the point , population density very often correlate to better economic development not worse . 
  lastly so what if more europeans come here to seek work , if they can be denied benefits and support themselves here while paying taxes would be , in my books , contributing to the society . 
  they bring their skills and their knowledge here and we are all enriched by it . 
  to deny immigration has a positive impact on society is very biased and its people like you who will lead us into obscurity . 
  talk about misinformation . 
  england 's population was roughly 2.5 - 3 million in the 16th century when the huguenots came , in today 's numbers that would be closer to 50,000 a year . 
  so yes with the increased ease of travel and interconnectedness of the world it would be roughly similar . 
  to your second point it would also be a yes , polish people are not coming to the uk in droves anymore for one simple reason - for half a decade now poland has had more growth than we have and life in poland is great ( sic my childhood friend who uprooted his life to move there ) . 
  migrants from eastern europe are generally younger , better educated , healthier and contributes more to the government than they take out . 
  migration will slow down from the eu at least when romania and bulgaria picks up like poland had , and let 's not forget that a significant amount of britons have also made their way to the rest of eu in search of a better life . 
  on the topic of immigration we are n't even close to the numbers that australia , canada and nz which has almost twice the immigration as a proportion to their population than we do . 
  we are n't even the leading destination within the eu for that matter . 
  incidentally , i happen to know that the primary negative sentiment towards eu is one of misdirected patriotism . 
  simply put , we as a nation has inherited the very island mentality that has allowed us thrive throughout the early modern period while continental europeans beat each other up . 
  this is very evident in the `` leave '' camp where campaigners often use phrases like `` british jobs/british law for british people '' . 
  it is important to remember that our empire is long gone and we do not have the monopoly on power and resources anymore , and there are many other countries in the world which are just as competitive as we are if not more so ; our comparative advantages remain ( especially in london ) due to the status quo , namely that we already have the establishment and the talents and it continues to attract more talent from all over europe due to 1 ) english being the lingua franca and 2 ) the ease of getting here . 
  it is also important not to forget that the success of britain in the bygone days were also built on refugees and the talents that they bring , from the iberian jews to huguenots to the aristocrats of the ancien regime to the belgians of ww1 , our nation has benefitted and continue to benefit from people coming here and settling here . 
  brunel 's father marc , afterall , was a frenchman running from the revolution . 
  one last thing to take home i suppose is , we should be opening up to the world even more , rather be in the centre of it all than be replaced and reduced to a safe haven for the world 's rich . 
  and if we can not be a part of something greater , how do we convince scotland to do the same and stick with us ? 
  should just be a massive referendum nationwide on the eu , on scotland leaving , and on getting rid of fptp . 
  that way the media can not sensationalise on one issue . 
  seriously idiots here have no idea what they will be getting us into if we actually voted to leave . 
  we will just be sidelined internationally , scotland will be sure to go and we will be so much poorer . 
  wtf guys ... at least wait till our referendum is over !, 
  you never know what the daily mail can come up with . 
  and germany for that matter . 
  i think unless we are talking about fusion , microgen renewables will be much more sustainable , economical and practical in the near futures than fission plants can be , especially when we factor in distribution costs as well . 
  while i admire the passion and the ideals of the campaign , and it provides a very strong narrative for the feelings and intuition behind it ; it appears to me that it fails to convince me , pragmatically , how it intends to address and tackle the vices and drawbacks that might or might not come with the success of the campaign . 
  the video mentions that with independence the new nation will be equipped to face debt , austerity and social exclusion and it will end privileges and corruption yet it does not mention how it intends to do that , nor does it acknowledge that a newly independent catalonia is certainly not going to be immune to the problems above . 
  history has shown that states founded based on idealism can not achieve the same prosperity and economic and social sustainability as a country that molds itself overtime through pragmatism . 
  lastly i will point out that the best governed states , commonly referred to the nordic states , does n't turn their backs against liberal economic policies either , all the while having a very strong social welfare to ensure individual autonomy and social mobility along with the universal provision of human rights . 
  `` most of the evil in this world is done by people with good intentions . '', 
  - t.s. 
  eliot also people reading this please follow reddiquette and vote based on quality of the conversation not whether or not you agree with us . 
  http://www.economist.com/news/china/21650566-crisis-ukraine-drawing-russia-closer-china-relationship-far-equal stellar article highlighting your point exactly, 
  so in that sense if you have achieved independence you will want to leave the eu too ? 
  you will willingly forgo your current relationships with other european countries and the security and opportunities that comes with it while condemning everyone currently living in catalonia to be restricted to your land ? 
  sounds like the opposite of freedom mate . 
  i say this as a rhetoric for people who wants to see the uk leave the eu too , as i have seen far too many points put forward by people that are so misinformed and short-sighted . 
  love france . 
  it 's the french that ruins it . 
  that is so depressing . 
  really do n't understand why it matters so much to you . . sooner or later we will all be living in a federalised europe anyway . 
  i 'm so fucking depressed and genuinely worried about the state and the future of our country . 
  the angevin empire shall rise again, 
  soon enough you will be non-eu immigrant , fits the bill even more . 
  ( it 's so depressing ), 
  i think in the world of future , microgeneration is the way forward . 
  they use the d'hondt method no less , which favours small parties .
