homophobia is ** endemic ** to the middle east . 
  you ca n't separate the two . 
  greece master race is economically cleansing germany to avoid paying for that bailout . 
  by letting the refugees pass on to germany and become wards of the state . 
  probably . 
  absolutely haram . 
  let 's make this a thing !!, 
  or even better a verb !!, 
  paris got `` schengened '' !!, 
  tell your friends . 
  you have to be a troll . 
  i do n't think you 're that stupid . 
  why would you leave pakistan if it 's so great ? 
  no one disagrees . 
  but only a pc obsessed idiot would even consider pakistan better than france or uk . 
  unfortunately , there are a lot of pc obsessed idiots in eu . 
  if we want to make this anology work , the greens would not even acknowledge that there are flesh eating zombies in the building . 
  and call you a zombiephobe . 
  if poland wants to get back at germany , just tell them `` do n't you remember ww2 and what you did to us ? '', 
  that 'll have them stuttering and falling over themselves apologizing . 
  if you were stuck in a building full of zombies , who would you find more dependable ? 
  a fascist or a green party member ? 
  as a member of gamergate , it astounds me that people hold us as the ultimate boogeyman . 
  especially in comparison to actual real life rape gangs . 
  how does your mind work sir/mam ? 
  why do you hate women ? 
  this place is sooooo getting bombed . 
  the only thing worse than an infidel is a traitor . 
  at least according to islamic dogma . 
  reeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaallllllyyyy now . 
  thanks chamberlain . 
  how are you gon na `` solve '' the syrian civil war without force ? 
  which i referenced by invading syria . 
  i think he 's saying , either shut off the fuel ( close the borders ) or shut off the spark ( invade syria ) . 
  this shit is older than antiquity . 
  and here we are with you still going with your gut . 
  your gut does n't know shit . 
  you did n't understand my point . 
  no matter how dangerous you think gulen is or how dangerous he actually is , by willingly or unwillingly destroying the foundations of turkey to stop him you have done irreparable damage . 
  cutting your nose to spite your face . 
  throwing the baby out with the bathwater . 
  this is mutually exclusive from the possibility that gulen is most likely a convenient excuse for the powers that be to consolidate power . 
  if that is the case ( seems to most of the world that it is ) i can only leave you with this quote . 
  `` a nation can survive its fools , and even the ambitious . 
  but it can not survive treason from within . 
  an enemy at the gates is less formidable , for he is known and carries his banner openly . 
  but the traitor moves amongst those within the gate freely , his sly whispers rustling through all the alleys , heard in the very halls of government itself . 
  for the traitor appears not a traitor ; he speaks in accents familiar to his victims , and he wears their face and their arguments , he appeals to the baseness that lies deep in the hearts of all men . 
  he rots the soul of a nation , he works secretly and unknown in the night to undermine the pillars of the city , he infects the body politic so that it can no longer resist . 
  a murderer is less to fear . '' - cicero why ca n't you understand that erdogan is the traitor ? 
  it might be a bit rude and presumptuous of an amerifat like me to lecture you on politics but i 'll still do it . 
  this is what turks miss by their blind loyalty to erdogan . 
  if you trade liberty for security you end up with neither . 
  no matter how powerful and effective some dude who lives in america and no one outside of anatolia has ever heard of is ( hint : minimal threat ) . 
  no matter how dire the situation is , all that erdogan and his akp cronies have done infinitely worse . 
  turkey , attaturk 's turkey is dead . 
  but , is n't doing nothing the ultimate level of impracticality ? 
  unless you 're german/swedish and you hate yourself . 
  now is a time for unity and solidarity !!, 
  germany will let turkey annex us !!, 
  - merkel, 
  do n't some leftist who spout such bullshit realize that they sound like corporatist conservatives ? 
  it 's mind boggling . 
  tl : dr islamist politician in islamic country . 
  fundies gon na fundie . 
  any one else get a weird anti brexit ad when they use the economist ? 
  well , anita sarkeesian did admit she does n't like videogames and does n't consider herself a gamer . 
  there 's a video of her saying it on youtube . 
  it can only be explained by confirmation bias that so many people give her the benefit of the doubt . 
  as a member of the shadowy terrorist organization known as gamergate , is this the part where i get to tell you naysayers `` told ya so '' like 3 years ago ? 
  feminists love social engineering . 
  what do you think would happen if they were n't instantly laughed out of gaming with their bullshit about videogames ? 
  as an amerifat this rhetoric sound strangely familiar . 
  solution ? 
  chavs 2 farms work program . 
  so is macron the bernie or the hillary in this situation ? 
  the trump curse strikes again . 
  suck it sweden . 
  that 's a roman thing . 
  sheesh some people do n't know anything about foreign cultures . 
   peddle your own agenda we are seeing levels of irony that should n't be possible . 
  very well then i shall seek out vengeance at the closest lego store . 
  literally shaking rn . 
  you have insulted me and so i will seek retribution with the first of your countrymen i encounter . 
  i shall go to ikea and settle the score . 
   the only thing that i expect from immigrants is that they respect our grundgesetz ( basic law ) and that they speak our language , that makes them by our political system and in the original meaning german . 
  hooray for low expectations . 
  you 're way too insensitive to nuance for someone so tolerant . 
   by the way , ` assimilation ' in the sense that i think you mean it is almost impossible and is a multi-generational , very slow process . 
  that 's not what the current german government says assimilation means and in fact you are a big for thinking it is so . 
  hide the cheese inside the cocaine ? 
  it 's the perfect crime !, 
  thanks for the history lesson . 
   now here 's the thing right . 
  by saying that people who wear headscarfs ca n't be german you 're essentially also disallowing them from integrating . 
  take a step back and think about that . 
  no matter if they speak the language fluently , no matter if they 're well-educated , as long as they wear a headscarf , dress a certain way and follow a religion which is not christianity you 'll never consider them equal to germans . 
  by thinking in that way you 're essentially marginalising them . 
  it 's a toxic way of dealing with people . 
  now you 're just putting words in my mouth .
