  i never said a headscarf is disqualifier for germanhood . 
  i do n't even consider the average german to be a christian . 
  more like an amorphous grey blob of eu zeitgeist . 
  you are very rude to misinterpret my prejudices . 
  while i agree with the meat of your article i disagree with its otnent because your are arguing against points i never made . 
  well it all comes down to nationalism and patriotism . 
  two subjects that are considered [ verboten ] ( http://imgur.com/0wdjzrn ) in the german sphere of influence . 
  germans ca n't argue that a residency permit is all that is needed to be german and then wonder why migrant groups like the turks vote for dictatorships like erdogan 's . 
  as long as not assimilating a necessity to immigrant 's lives they obviously wo n't do it . 
  normally you would expect what some here would describe as a `` right wing screed '' such as mine to place the blame on the immigrants . 
  but i would place the whole sum of the blame on germany . 
  their incessant refusal to acknowledge that they have an unique cultural identity is the root of this issue . 
  magical wooden shoes ? 
  i was n't being that literal . 
  but thank you for the hyperbole . 
  i was referring to this pervasive subtext in this article and all articles like it . 
  a pervasive and all encompassing need for self approval and success . 
  when in reality it borders on a sunk cost fallacy . 
  then i would expect words actually spoken by humans instead of these words read from a script . 
  because that 's what they are . 
  not that it was said . 
  that it * must be * said . 
  or else . 
  a submarine is a terrible investment . 
   the muatis are the only refugees in the apartment building . 
  but their german upstairs neighbors say that the syrian family , which lives on the ground floor , is more german than all the neighbors combined heh , ca n't even write an expose without the dogma . 
  it 's called apologism . 
  you call a fascist a fascist . 
  ash seeketh embers . 
  literally shaking rn , how could you equate peaceful doctors and engineers from somalia to racist inbred misogynists from alabama ? 
  literally shaking rn , how could you equate peaceful doctors and engineers from somalia to racist inbred misogynists from alabama ? 
  literally shaking rn , how could you equate peaceful doctors and engineers from somalia to racist inbred misogynists from alabama ? 
  literally shaking rn , how could you equate peaceful doctors and engineers from somalia to racist inbred misogynists from alabama ? 
  i ca n't wait for luddites to make a return to europe . 
  that 'll be the newest , hottest , wokest version of social justice when automation makes the imported labor drones obsolete . 
  green parties eu wide in 2025 : ban robots and self serve kiosks . 
  trigger warning . 
  turkey would never annex ukraine . 
  they would be stepping on russia 's toes . 
  do you not know how ww2 happened ? 
  several dictators with common interests united into the axis powers . 
  if anything , they 'll annex greece . 
   turkish nationalist dictatorship kemalism and all the foundations attaturk built . 
  the guy you quoted is just an idiot . 
  that is what everyone who did n't believe he would go full dictator used to say . 
  why are you still saying it ? 
  putin is n't an islamist . 
  i 'm tired of people saying that erdogan is only using islamism as means to consolidate power . 
  it 's apologism and only gives him cover . 
  this cover was used to tar his opponents as alarmists and islamaphobes . 
  turkey is the next iran . 
  they 'll cut ties with the us eventually , then russia will annex ukraine . 
  i can already see the ending . 
  i already did . 
  she handled it badly . 
  and she 's still handling badly to this day . 
  they 're coming from africa now . 
  and she still has n't done anything . 
  i never claimed she started the syrian civil war . 
  i claimed she poured high octane gasoline on the small embers of refugees looking for asylum . 
  you mean struck a deal with erdogan to stem the refugee flow she started by saying `` wir schaffen das '' ? 
  i love your revisionist history . 
  must be nice to be this deluded . 
  merkel is just another chamberlain, 
  that 's nonsense . 
  the smugglers are facilitators at most . 
  the illegal immigrants are the ones choosing to come to europe . 
  stopping the smugglers by opening the doors to a mass exodus from africa is insane . 
  the camp of saints . 
  i 'm a little confused , is this a newer more stupider policy ?? 
  there 's so many insane edicts from the eu commission that it all mixes into a stew of shit . 
  juncker is drawing up ordinances that punish austria this instant . 
  such gross displays of sovereignty must be stopped . 
  they 're not refugees . 
  could n't a ngo set up shop in libya and disperse money and equipment to the libyan coast guard so that they prevent the bad ngos from doing anything ? 
  shutting down the ports is the message . 
  you can thank clinton and obama for that . 
  this is not conspiracy . 
  the state department orchestrated the coup in libya . 
  i think it 's an euphemism for peer pressure . 
  because that 's all they are . 
  threats . 
  either italy mans up and shuts down the ports and sends a message to brussels . 
  or you shut up and take in all the ~ ~ refugees ~ ~ ~ ~ economic immigrants ~ ~ welfare vampires . 
  the selective enforcement of laws . 
  always abide by the law that lets in illegal immigrants into the country . 
  rarely enforcing the laws that would deport or prevent illegal immigration . 
  rarely having manpower to prevent illegal immigration . 
  always having manpower to seek and find people saying mean things about illegal immigrants on twitter . 
  i think they call this anarcho-tyranny . 
   stuff is just alt right wet dreams , right ? 
  it 's 2017 and you 're still denying shit happening that everyone can see ? 
  even after most of the refugees turn out to be economic immigrants ? 
  even after all the rapes and sexual assaults in cologne that the police and media tried to cover up happened ? 
  even after merkel herself admitted that she dropped the ball by giving carte blanche to all of africa to move to germany ? 
  when will you learn ? 
  or is someone paying to be this stupid ? 
  maybe you 're a green party member . 
   limits to freedom of opinion how is that any less horrible than limiting freedom of speech ? 
  because to me it sounds even worse .
