  i do not feel ashamed by my history as i did not partake in it , i am not a very patriotic person i do n't feel a pride or achieve for a sense of belonging to the place i was born in , but that also means i do not feel ashamed because some retards acted retarded 80 years ago , thats why i personally think that the only people that should logically feel ashamed for germany are actually patriotic people as they identify themselfs a lot with the country . 
  i do however think that it needs to be remembered and that people especially is germans should be aware a vary of something like this ever happening again , because there is some connection , not one of responsibility but just one of a shared history . 
  whatever you want to say about hitler you have to admit the invasion of russia was kind of retarded , and as i do n't want anything equally retarded happening to me , i think its good for people to be aware and remember not to let an idiot do idiotic things, 
  / u/jessicasc2 used to make some maps , and be a super big terran is up and everything else is bullshit whiner back in the day ... ohh how i miss these times :(, 
  beeing retarded enough to do something like this should be offensive to any self respecting pole lol, 
   nothing racist about that . 
  he said selfish , not racist ? 
  as a / r/the _ donald member you should know everything about echo chambers and safe spaces , please teach us so we can make this sub even half as much a safe space as t_d is, 
  breitbart often times is not journalism , they often invent stories and present just plain lies , and that is 100 % not what europe can need , lies to cloud the judgement of the people voting is always bad in any situation, 
  i am so jealous, 
  i have no idea, 
  kafka maybe , tho i would n't know if he is the most famous writer from crechia . 
  he is the most famous german writing crzech writer i can think of tho, 
   en taro adun adun toridas , but why ? 
  airbus is as much german as it is french tho iirc, 
  the nazis thanks to alienating the rest of the world were e.g. 
  super far behind in biology ( like 10 years ) , they were good at shit that they could use for war since they funded that like crazy and still had some of the science greats left ( eventhough many left ) , but for most other fields germany fell behind hard . 
  it took some people ages to call the nsu terrorists, 
  i did that like 2 years ago , and then i had to take a break from / r/europe during the height of the refuggee crisis, 
  nah dude if you believe so much in the right , then you got ta put your money where your mouth is , getting 10 cents out of it wo n't be worth it for me lol, 
  i see your sch\u00e4uble and i raise a sigmar gabriel !, 
  same with trump lol, 
  jo i 'll bet 10 bucks with you that the far right will not win in germany , heck if you are so sure give me 2:1 odds and i 'll bet 10 bucks that merkel will be the next chancellor, 
  yo from one leftist to another , does it feel really weird to you aswell to have to defend merkel on here ? 
  still quitted as far as i know , sadface :(, 
  fuck and i kinda liked renzi : /, 
  you know that op disaggrees with you , he wants a more leftwing government to take over from her, 
  not only stagnating but falling, 
   and germany , i think . 
  i disaggree with that part , but atleast she is not the worst choice , no sigmar gabriel ... or to speak the unfathomable ... frau kepetry ... ugh ... 
  while i would generally aggree , a lot of the modern ( not original one ) afd is super far right and is anti-human rights , anti-democratic etc. 
  if your party keeps a prominent member that literally gives a reading on race theory then you do have a problem, 
   well , to be fair : she and her unwavering trust in humanity are the only things still keeping the eu together . 
  i 'm not really sure thats what it was . 
  she was mostly a pragmatist with the whole situation ( and excpected a bit more from other european countries i guess ) , but it was the only pragmatic choice after she ignored greece for so long because she wanted to not spend money ( as conservatives tend to do ), 
  merkel is like a more perfect ( other than the fact that she has even less charisma ) version of what hillary is/tries to be, 
  yea but right now even with a 5 % difference they would still be barely at 20 % which is a lot but nowhere close to trump, 
   well , putin puts a lot more effort into staying in power , merkel running for chancellor sounds more like there 's not really any other person to step up . 
  well while i aggree that putin puts in more effort ( because he undermines democracy which merkel is n't doing ) , to say that she does n't really at all is just wrong , she got rid of all opposition to her, 
  yuri on ice is fucking amazing tho, 
  yea cuz he 's helping with the anime : /, 
  yea the manga audience and the anime audience is n't the same , not enough old people that are interested in this kind of thing watch anime sadly , that is one of the reasons why all animation attempts so far have not made enough money to continue ( well we 'll see with the new attempt ) , people that read adult manga such as berserk on their commute to work are not at all the audience of modern anime . 
  especially since the manga gets delayed everytime , fucking kills me , especially at a cliffhanger point such as this, 
  wait that guy is actually an islamist haha woooow, 
  does n't the french right have more of a hate towards the south and the east than germany , as those people are subhumans that ca n't deal well with money ? 
  but people do n't know that , they might vote for the afd because they are outraged by the government , not realising the afd will do this times a thousand, 
  well its the csu what do you expect lol, 
   hopefully , the spd will stop this nonsense nahh , the spd ( well sigmar ) actually was the party that delayed new emission laws because they were n't pro-economy enough , so yea i 've given up all hope when it comes to the spd ... 
  they are cute af , yea, 
  does the government in sweden have a way to directly control the public media ? 
  i honestly do n't know i thought it was similiar to how it works in germany . 
  which is still better than a super regulated press that can only say what the government wants them to say , your cirticism is more about press and journalism as a concept itself . 
  basically it was a giant comment about how the holocaust is a holohoax , and the jews are behind it and evil and hitler was a great guy, 
   hitler was a great guy , took care of his people , and turned germany into an economics powerhouse the weimar republic was an economic powerhouse from the start , and was starting to recover before hitler took over . 
  similiar with germany , thats also why i dislike that they translate `` incitement of the masses to hatred '' with `` hatespeech '', 
   his calls for `` complete rehabilitation '' of trotsky also gloss over the thousands to millions of deaths he was responsible for as a military commissar ( head of red army ) . 
  i guess they were `` necessary '' or something . 
  well that depends , are n't deaths in civil wars often deemed neccessary by the winning side ? 
  like in the us , or even better during the french revolution ? 
  afterall this was a civil war to end monarchie usually those get preferential treatment , no ? 
  i aggree with you here , but i would say that that is not because of any sed relations ... 
  fucking wagenknecht herself , aswell as die linkes foreign policy proposals are why i ca n't vote for that party with good conscience ... 
  i mean that is the sort of audience he has gotten himself , is n't it ? 
  he made himself part of the group defining themselfs through their anti-sjw mentality ofcourse they are going to end like that . 
  the fact that the afd is not atleast cdu level economically rightleaning is really retarded . 
  trump has removed anti-discrimination laws , that sounds pretty negative ... 
  sure but its a good comparison , its a major party in the most powerfull country in the world, 
  not get rid of anti-discrimination laws ? 
  did a dutch person just confuse holland and netherland ? 
  i think you might loose your citizenship, 
  in germany in a recent poll , even 40 of `` very religious '' muslims said they were for gay marriage , more so with religious and somewhat ( like culturally ) religiouos , thats more than the us republican party . 
  well they are american so, 
   ( who , in fact , is far more pro-lgbtq than any other republican i can think of . ), 
  that just speaks to how shit the republican party is , rather than how good trump is , also trump so far in office has n't done anything positive for lgbtq people i can think of , only negative things , like beeing against the anti-discrimination stuff aswell as beeing against transgender people in the military, 
  military power, 
   the problem is that in some of those countries inmigrants get benefits for being unemployed not in germany , infact we forced a high level eu desicion to be able to cancel unemployment benefits of people who have n't worked for long enough here, 
  yea that dude is waaaaay to positive sadly, 
  but merkel pushed for south stream next to other solutions , why are you lying ? 
  france , germany , benelux and spain oppose those , austria and italy already had problems with the previous sanctions more so with even more , so yes a significant portion of the eu i 'd say, 
  strategy by whom for what reason ? 
  i do n't follow french politics too closely other than reading the election programs of the parties, 
  neoliberalism was popularised to describe exactly raegan and thatcher and their policies , which were defenitely right leaning or center right , that the term until it fell of in the 60 's originally meant something closer to social market economies ( not ordoliberalism those two a different the state plays a much much smaller role in ordoliberalism ) does n't matter when we talk about the modern term . 
  yes i know / r/neoliberal wants to change the meaning of the name back to its roots , but that simply is not the current reality , and when the french op above talked about neoliberal policies of macron , he meant the modern meaning of the word . 
  yea , getting hamon vs macron or hamon vs melenchon would 've been my dream scenario , or even melenchon vs macron , but no because of retards voting for a party founded by ex-ss men and terrorists that planned assassinating de gaule there was simply no alternative to macron in the second round ... 
  i did n't know that raegan and thatcher were centrists economically, 
  go to african christian countries and see for yourself what values christianity has , such as female genital mutilation , right ? 
  poland actually invaded iraq together with the us , unlike germany and france which took a stand against that ridiculous idea . 
  look how it worked out ... 
  ahh similiar to antifa then !, 
  lmao the eu has been pretty free market capitalism for a long while , mainly thanks to germany and the uk , which pushed against economic ideas of france and smaller states . 
  well thats what he said `` political control of public media '' in countries like germany or gb ( i think ) the system is set up in a way that tries to stop political control of the public media . 
  not at all , we left greece and italy alone with it for over 3 years until greece was about to collapse ... 
  he 's not leftwing ... 
  it took longer than 12 years , without the 68 movement we would be more similiar to japan in our handling of ww2, 
  does it ? 
  inbreeding even between siblings for the first couple generations actually does n't change much compared to normal offspring as far as i know ... 
   it 's against the law.it 's punished heavily in eu . 
  those parts do n't matter , it can be against the law and still not morally wrong ( like smoking weed e.g. ), 
  the part about consumers losing is the important thing that i 100 % aggree with tho . 
  the same way thinking : that the holocaust memorial existing is a national shame and that we should asylum seekers at the border and that global warming is a hoax and that climate change does n't exist and that there is an attempt to sexualise youth is all just normal conservativism ...
