  for this argument it does , because op was making a point all built around what merkel apparently said , i do ofcourse not believe that you can trust whatever politicians say , but if your entire argument is built around something someone said , than that person better had said that, 
  we already have die partei ( the party ) , doing that !, 
  sadly they did n't win soo no unicorns :(, 
  no to the eu , yes to the eu was their last ep election slogan iirc . 
  they also want to rebuilt that wall stating , that while it seems to be unpopular in the `` leeching '' eastern states , they will get a lot of votes in the western states for that promise so it is worth it to have it in german federal election where it does n't count where you get the votes . 
  ohh also they hope to get a couple extra votes from 90 + year old people with their name , as those people will fondly remember voting for `` the party '' or have had it drilled into them during the hitler youth enough that it will just come as a reflex . 
  what does that matter ? 
  you said merkel stated the refuggees would help our demographics and that this is an attack on that , i explained that she infact said the opposite , that most of them would go back . 
  it literally does n't matter if i believe they go back or if they actually go back , since this is about what merkel allegedly said . 
  frau ( ke ) petry is still the version i like the best :d, 
  i do n't remember merkel saying that , infact i remember her stating again and again that they will go some day and that they are not here to stay or fill up the few birthrates . 
  so what petry says is n't really an answer to what merkel said/did since that context you presented is n't there, 
  this is an interesting development . 
  as far as i remember merkel beeing female was never explicitly a topic , i do n't remember her ever campaigning people to vote for her because of her gender , unlike hillary ( one of the things i dislike about her since gender should n't matter either way ) . 
  to move the argument to this point should hopefully backfire into the afds face, 
  that is however not the current afd , most of those anti euro members are gone , today , this incarnation of the afd is only about refuggees, 
  yea , they moved further to the right and into conspiracy theory territory a while ago ( like its been 2 years now or something ) when they got rid of their old economic , and not as far right wing of the party , and there currently is still a power struggle ongoing with what has now become their moderate and less crazy part against the new ever further right part . 
  the fact that petry ca n't even get rid of a guy openly talking about rassenlehre etc. 
  or anti-semites ( funnily enough the guy heading the committee to see if gedeon was actually too anti-semetic etc. 
  for the afd was a holocaust denier ) , shows that she and her more moderate ( in terms of afd ) wing does n't have nearly as much control over the party as they 'd want to have, 
  the allies did n't do that much in terms of denazification , i 'd say that the 68er movement actually did a lot more in terms of going against/damaging nazis in the west, 
  i mean they get voted iin for only one issue mostly ( there is a bit more maybe but yea most people that vote for them vote because of refuggees/immigration ) , but they themselfs try to establish the party on more fronts . 
  some of them beeing completely retarded ofcourse , like climate change denial , or beeing against sex-ed , or thinking chemtrails are a thing and starting expensive inquiries into them in the landestage they got voted into . 
  they are also very neo-liberal , want to cut back on workers protection and taxes for the rich !, 
  well then , just a couple more weeks and hofer will finally be able to find the answer to the whole chemtrail questions !, 
  vote hofer !, 
  the term was first coined by a linguist that wanted to rid the german language of foreign words , he did n't like the word national which derrived from latin therefor he wanted v\u00f6lkisch to replace it . 
  it later found use in nationalist , anti-semetic and far right movements , one of them beeing ofcourse the nazis . 
  the term , from its inception was a far right , racist term , therefor her stance of `` rehabilitation '' is really fucking idiotic, 
   schools in germany situated close to refugee centers that changed dress codes for students , saying `` see-through tops or blouses , short-shorts or miniskirts could lead to misunderstandings '' . 
  you know that such a thing as a dress code does n't exist in german schools , there was one school where the principal suggested wearing stuff like that , and that was reported widely acccross german media , with a pretty big backlash against the guy . 
  so you 've proven two points , not only was this widely reported in germany , so breitbart does n't seem to act as a counter-weight but rather aggregates a certain type of newsstory that is also available at other sources , and secondly they misrepresents this shit to make it look worse than it actually is . 
  so what ? 
  this is about the ottoman empire . - . 
   that 's mainly women bashing on women about having kids and not having exceptional careers no it is society since in the current system you ca n't really afford children unless either one partner makes exceptionally more than the average or both work their asses off , so for most women the way society is set up they are expected to work at the same time . 
  it robbs you of your humor and instills a sense of nihilism inside of you , it is what all germans go through in puberty as a sort of passing rite, 
  the entirety of the left-wing of the nsdap got kicked out , the entirety of the socialist wing !, 
   nsdap wanted germany to be a social state , but only for the germans , fueling the success of germany with the misery of others . 
  not really , corporatist fascism is as far removed from socialism as possible, 
  then why were the socialists and communists and social democrats the first people that he got rid off , why did he earlier help get rid of the entire left/socialist wing of his party , if he is such a socialist ? 
  i would like to add that it is not only poland that has this problem , germany is atleast one more country that faces problems with hooliganism and a rise in right wing violence against people, 
  it is the state that actually voted a nazi party into the landtag , a nazi party that has slogans such as : `` we give gas !, 
  '' , `` immigratoin is genocide '' , `` posters are n't the only thing we will hang '' etc. 
  brown kinda looks \u00d6ko aswell , like compost !, 
  ohh also not to forget , they have started inquiries into chemtrails in the landtage they got voted into , have proven to be the party that shows up the least to landtag meetings , do n't think climate change is real , think sexual education with `` sexualise '' our children , also teaching them anything about gay people in sex ed is horrible because gay people are a minority so we should n't care about them , also it might make our kids gay . 
  they want to cut taxes , they want to cut benefits for workers etc. 
  nationalsocialism , do n't you know they are n't actually bad , just misunderstood , also there is a big conspiracy by the je ... uhh allies to make us all hate them !, 
  oh and they are leftwing anyways , ca n't you see ? 
  socialism it is right in its name duh, 
   and if that means a humanitary crisis , so let it be . 
  that is retarded , if greece , or even worse italy falls into an humanitarian crisis then the path into the rest of the eu will be as easy as it was a couple months ago, 
  no because just sending them back to greece would create a humanitarian crisis , which with greece in the eu would cause the same open borders we have right now aswell as probably mean the end for the eu . 
  sending somewhere random would be against international law , and probably hurt our relationship to a lot of countries . 
  not caring for the refuggees that do get here would be against the constitution . 
  simply doing something because `` the people '' ( more precisely their voter base not everyone ) want it , is n't always feasable or a good idea, 
  this is is fucking retarded ... 
  no , the new germans are n't in any kind of position to gain power , even if all of them stayed in germany ( which i highly doubt , the cdu tries to get rid of them as fast as possible ) , they would be at the very bottom of the social ladder . 
  the ones that are actually in a position to grab power and threaten the values of european enlightenment are the ones that proclaim to be their defenders . 
  i mean , would n't anyone attack them after they mercilessly and barbaricly attack one of your radio stations ? 
   good . 
  hey , we tried the left and their policies and it did n't work when have we ever tried the left , what we tried was amergency unprepared shit by merkel , who for years ignored the problem of greece and italy not beeing able to deal with the amount of people coming there . 
  and when greece was about to collapse in a humanitarian crisis ( which would have opened the `` floodgates '' anyways ) suddenly merkel notices the problem and tries to take pressure off of greece , it was never going to work out great , it was already too late at that point , then she started appealing to emotion trying to present herself as a good person when she infact acted waaaaaay too late on the problem . 
  the real left solution would have been to dramatically increase the funding for institutions so this whole thing would n't have turned into a clusterfuck , to have mechnism to aliviate stress from greece long beforehand , meaning redistribution since it is insane that one or two member of the union have to handle it all by themselfs . 
  it would have been to install registration centers through which everyone must go , at the edges of the union aswell as neighbouring `` allied '' countries and then take the ones that desserve asylum and take them to the eu , this would not only not cause those weird death marches but would also limit the amount of people in the eu that are not elligible and ca n't be shipped away . 
  and it would have been to combat the root of the issue , one of the biggest reasons for the gigantic increase in refuggees in 2015 , was that the refuggee camps in lebanon syria etc. 
  were running out of money to buy food , and the west did n't provide that money , seeing themself starve ofcourse they would try and leave and not stay in these camps . 
  these things and more would have been the solution of the left , starting waaay earlier than 2015 . 
  however merkel beeing the conservative politician she is did n't like the idea of spending money , and ignored the problem building up ( that she was repeatedly warned about by experts ) , until it was too late and what she did than was neither left or right wing it was acting on an avoidable emergency . 
  she did what center-right/conservative politicians love to do , avoid spending money at all costs , in order to do so ignore problems that can still be ignored , and she was n't the only one doing that basically everyone in the eu and the us did the same thing . 
  so you see what we got was n't a left wing solution , but the essential modern center-right method of dealing with these kinds of fundemental systematic problems, 
   a resounding yes . 
  retarded jokes made me laugh . 
  it has a healing factor . 
  yes even after the nice or paris attacks . 
  and i live 200 m from where the nice attack happened . 
  of course reading dumb jokes on / r/france on the same evening was n't cool at all . 
  but a few days after , seeing so many people distressed and shit ... fuck you need a laugh . 
  and when you laugh of a retarded , uncalled shit ... it 's somehow better . 
  this is also why germany and israel ( from my experience ) have so many ww2 and holocaust jokes , you go insane if you only deal with depressing shit , you need to ridicule it . 
  i personally especially loved the response that german satirist magazine titanic , to the question if they feared something like that could happen to them aswell : `` i do n't think so , we only have 6 editors ! '', 
   socialists social democrats you mean , right ? 
  i would n't think die linke has any chance of fielding the next president of the commission xd, 
  she killed off every other possible candidate , and i doubt she will stop now, 
  yea , i dislike her a lot , but ... compared to idiots starting inquiries about chemtrails , while claiming climate change does n't exist , and sex education makes kids gay and horny etc. ? 
  yea please merkel win, 
  i know juppe , what exactly are fillons positions ? 
  wait what then is thing called paprika in english ? 
  / r/de in theory is multilingual , thankfully tho / r/germany keeps all the `` how do i get my free degreein germany , and ohh is it all in english , also why are refuggees raping all of you ? '', 
  posts off of / r/de, 
  thats not anything that would ever happen in hungary i do n't think, 
  the only thing stopping a bad guy on a camel is a good guy on a camel !, 
  that does n't really matter , the important thing is that they do still commit crimes , more or less is irrelevant every single crime will be used by them, 
  merkel is super neo liberal aswell , she is not that much better than obama other than foreign policy and i 'd wager that that just has to do with the position she is in ( leader of germany not us ), 
  denying the holocaust , denying climate change , starting inquiries about chemtrails , some of their speakers publicly talking about rassenlehre etc. 
  yea that was like some of the most fun we had in that class , looking at their weird mueseum and laughing about how retarded they are :d, 
  we did do that !, 
  i actually really liked the classes about hinduism since i never really knew what it was like/about, 
  we did exactly that ( well after years 5 and 6 which were mostly focused on lutheranism and luther , and jesus stuff ), 
  religion class is a lot of philosphie, 
  it is one or two hours a week not a day tho ...
