  it has much more to do with our uprising , and how we look at the world aswell as with our personal morals than with any guilt feeling we try to surpress there is something like `` societal guilt '' going on idk how to explain it , its not that anyone feels guilty , but we as a society had done something bad in the past , so we have to accept that we are not perfect or the best , that everyone including us makes mistakes , and we need to remember these bad fuck-ups , but its not like anyone if feeling guilty ww2 guilt is mostly something foreigners bring up when talking to us/about us , no matter the political orientation , quite often people that have never been here or lived here or understand our society , its usually the same people that think that the holocaust is somehow a forbidden topic in germany , tho it is one of the most widely discussed topics ever in german society , and there are a ton of holocaust/ww2 jokes aswell ( for anyone thinking we like have super depressing , omg we are evil kinda discussions only about it ) , you just do n't tell them to foreigners since they love to call germans nazis for no reason ... 
  the other group that tells us germans that we have ww2 guilt , are rightwing/neo-nazi groups , with which i mean actual neo-nazis aswell as npd ( well that basically neo nazis ) afd ( thats only super rightwing ) or the csu when they have to fish for voters on the right , soooo yea ... 
  ahhh that makes sense , in the other thread all eastern europeans were complaining about us beeing greedy and them not getting money so i thought that was the reason and not security !, 
  but even so , it would n't improve security either , no ? 
  if we build it with the us russia still can just stop the gas export to eastern europe since they would n't loose the big western export market , since that one would n't even exist !, 
  as far as i knew only those that fullfilled the criteria for citizenship , meaning 6 years here , self sufficient , with a job , with good german and a education , did stay back , but those were already citizens , the ones that were still refuggees were all send back to my understanding ( which were like 90 % ) . 
  and those that came afterwards i also would n't count in the amount of refuggees not beeing deported back !, 
  since they are people that want to work here , meaning they were n't forced here from war or anything they did n't flee they wanted to work and thats perfectly fine !, 
  while i find it kinda cool that you have gasterbajter , its also pretty sad how much of a brain drain we have on the region :(, 
  well other countries became more prosprous and competitive and we could n't exploit eastern germans ( the most significant change since that was were most of the stuff for germany that came from the east was produced , aswell as these beeing the people whose cost had risen the most ) and eastern europeans quite as much anymore , are two of the main things !, 
  legally they are the same , the people are different but they will be treated the same b4 the law , therefor you can compare them in the context i did !, 
  well the ones that did n't became citizens and are n't refuggees anymore , i meant all that still had refuggee status went back as far as i know , and to become a citizen you need good german , a job and not have any criminal history , sooo if those stay its not bad :0, 
  again if they do anything thats against the law or do n't have a job they ca n't get a citizenship , so for them beeing here , they atleast have to not act upon their religious beliefs , also muslims in germany generally tend to be very chill , with +60 % of them beeing for gay marraige ( more than american republicans i.e. ), 
  so they will probably start getting a bit more chill aswell if they mix in with the other muslims, 
  i thought it did depend on where you are apply for it . 
  what i 've heard is that it can vary between beeing able to read a newspaper article and then explaining what it was about in german in your own words , and interpreting some older german literature , which is when you are really fucked . 
  but again thats just what i 've heard and the examples are probably a bit over the top =p, 
  but from the us it would be more costly and still would n't benefit eastern europe , which is what eastern europe was complaining about , that they were getting no money !, 
  but you just said that muslims ca n't integrate and now you give an examples of muslims beeing integrated ? 
  what . - . 
  only if one of the parents is a german citizen or one of the parents lived 8 years or longer in germany at the time of birth !, 
  it would have been possible with balkans aswell iirc ? 
  i think one of the major things was that noone actually told them !, 
  and if they want to apply they need to fullfill our normal immigration stuff , which means have an education , have a job , be good at german , and have no big crimes in your history ( like driving over speed limit is okay , mugging people is n't ) , if they fullfill all these and get a citizenship i do n't really see whats wrong with them beeing here :0, 
  i mean , if you do n't wan na show solidarity and accept some refuggees , why should we show solidarity and pay for your economies ? 
  3 % of the polish gdp is what the eu gives them , i mean come on thats quite a bit of money , no ? 
  edit : according to poland , their economy would have been on 2009 levels in 2013 if they had n't joined the eu , i.e. 
  it would have been lower by 11 % relative to the eu-27 average http://www.msz.gov.pl/resource/ef26c779-74e4-4a0c-aa73-0a9d3c8b695c:jcr, 
  does that mean that they fully support us this time again ? =p, 
  we just said we would proccess all syrians without sending them back to greece or italy or hungrary because those countries are collapsing and ca n't register them all anymore ... 
  no but i give them one month in collogne and they will become super gay :0 its the aura of that city d =, 
  so what you are saying your other ways to approach it are : germany and western europe ( but mostly germany and sweden ) take all of them while eastern europe watches !, 
  i have no idea why merkel did n't go with that ingenious idea !, 
  i mean it worked out pretty great for us last time , whole eastern europe was our `` niedriglohnsektor '' that build shit very cheaply which we could buy very cheaply while still profitting off of it . 
  germany was ( for its people ) more prosperous during the times of the iron curtain soooooo yea , if you guys want it i do n't really but i do n't think it will destroy us or anything lol, 
  it was there when we pushed for a south stream really hard so that you guys could profite from it , but when that did n't happen ofcourse we are going to take the alternative ... or should we just not build anything if the south stream project we pushed for fails ? 
  but do n't you see , evil germany makes the whole thing undemocratic and evil because its evil and ruled by literally hitler :0, 
  oh yea because we treated greece sooooo well ... hahaha, 
  but that is not in accordance to the law , as only eu nationals are allowed to cross borders how they want , you could ofcourse make them official polish citizens , but that would make them be permanent , and als we would deport them back to poland if they do n't find a job in 3 months :0, 
  france is not really taking backseat , they are in support of the quotas which is why you do n't hear them fight with the `` crazy germans '' , so yea . - . 
  iirc the money transferred to poland by the eu is about 3 % of your gdp , now not everything is going to be cut , but that could be quite painfull and costly . 
  i would also imagine that quotas would mean more money for the ones taking refuggees in ( well maybe not for germany but we are paying the whole thing anyways ) sooooo it could also be more costly to not take them in depending on how much is threatened to be cut and how much extra money you 'd get for refuggees !, 
  so you are not against refuggees but against middle easteners ? 
  that sounds a bit more problematic xd, 
  why would you hope for people rioting and people getting hurt ? 
  thats pretty hardcore o_o a quick question , does someone know if its possible to get asylum in hungrary without illegally tresspassing the border ? 
  or did they just literally cut off anyone ever seeking asylum there , since there are no legal means to get it ? 
  we did last time , so i guess we will this time aswell . - . 
  they went back the last time ( last big refuggee waves from the balkans ) , idk why most of them would n't go back or be forced back this time . - . 
  idk how it works in denmark in germany , if you have a kid under 18 you can stay within 3 weeks of that kids 18th birthday , if you do n't leave till 3 weeks after you get deported :0, 
  who would say that ? 
  atleast here in germany after the situation in the balkans calmed down , we got rid of all of them did n't matter if they had a job or were going to university or doing anything all that did n't get permanent residency ( only a few did get that ) , earlier on ( you do n't just get it you have to ask for it and then fullfill our immigration criteria ) got deported , unless they had kids under 18 then they had to leave the country within 3 weeks after their youngest kids 18th birthday or get forcefully deported . 
  there was even a semi famous story of a teenager that got a card on her 18th birthday from the authorities saying she had to leave the country in 3 weeks , nice present huh , and ofcourse alone as her parents still had one child younger than her , but because she did n't have any young children she had to leave and go back to the balkans all alone :0 and noone here made a big fuss about it , so idk why people would get very upset this time . - . 
  they did n't shout when we did it with people from the balkans idk why they would shout now . - . 
  ofcourse it is , people like overreacting and blaming everything on the evil refuggees , holy fuck facebook these days is really fucked up lol, 
  again ? 
  you ca n't say that it is our fault if someone misinterprets it , no ? 
  it is n't our fault they are misinformed ... thats like shouting at a guy for cheating on his gf because you found out someone else lied about him cheating on his gf ... 
  because libya is not safe at all ... 
  wait i thought they were still refuggees they are just not asylum seekers and they only start to be asylum seekers when they apply but are still refuggees the whole time , since according to the dictionary a refuggee is defined as :  one who flees , especially to another country , seeking refuge from war , political oppression , religious persecution , or a natural disaster . 
  so they are refuggees the second they are fleeing not the second they are seeking asylum !, 
  sure , but we were talking about who would join a new french-german union , atleast thats what op was talking about and what i was talking about . - . 
  joining a union with germany france austria etc. 
  would be political suicide ? 
  you sure ? 
  sources for that ? 
  from what i have heard from my dutch friends they seem to have very strong ties to germany politically, 
  why not ? 
  until now they have been doing almost exactly the same we have been doing other than the refuggee crisis , they have remained very close to germany why do you think they would n't join ? 
  the netherlands act like our little brother nowadays they 'd join in a heartbeat !, 
  same goes with austria, 
  then they got fucked waaay in the past when this planet was shaping towards the way it is right now :0, 
  i sooo tottaly aggree , same with eastern europe , the people are just worse more stupid and more egoistic , just generally inferior you know ? 
  communism atleast kept those beggars away but now they come everywhere with their inferior lifestyle and demand to get the same we do !!!!!!!, 
  / s obviously but seriously guys , this is getting kinda stupid < . <, 
  yea but i 'm talking about those accepted , those are the ones that get redistributed , so when talking about lazy people we send there you would have to say how many of the accepted ones are not `` real refuggees '' , the other number is not relevant ... 
  how many of the people that get granted asylum are refuggees/freeloaders ? 
  seeing as those are the ones that would be distributed it seems kinda useless to discuss how many of the people coming here fall in each type :0 also whats the basis for the numbers you will be providing ? 
  thx, 
  no you are the one that made the claim that these organisations are biased , they themselfs have made statements and given their own proof , now you say they are biased , therefor you are the one needing to show proof that they are biased ... good god is this so hard for you people ? 
  the purpose of the european court of human rights is not to solely fight for more right for immigrants , also idk what immigrants have to do with asylum seekers right now , bring actual proof please , 
  i think there are 20 million privately owned guns in germany ( or maybe 20 million private handgun owners , forgot which way around sorry ) , so there are defenitely a lot of people liking guns . 
  not so much do n't see a reason to own one lol a friend of mine has a 19th century pistol which i find pretty cool , but thats more for the historic thing and the fact how you load it and shit sooo yea , not a real fan and maybe 2 of my friends are into them lol, 
  which is the reason why germany wants quotas , to distribute them so that no one state has to suffer too much ... you know whats funny ? 
  the currently proposed quota system ( proposed by germany ) does not include any asylum seekers from germany , it would redistribute asylum seekers from italy , greece and hungrary over the eu with germany taking most of them . 
  but somehow thats evil and bad and germany wants to manipulate everything to get rid of their own asylum seekers with this or something lol, 
  oh shut up , he is n't talking about if people riot or not , his point is whether you can trust ngo 's aswell as courts aswell as the unhcr , the european court of human rights etc. 
  because apparently these evil biased anti-slav organisations want to destroy the western world and hate white people and are so incredibly biased . 
  so better just ignore any negativity that hungrary gets in how it deals with refuggees ... like come on , atleast try to proof that these organisations and courts are biased instead of spouting this shit . 
  also saying stuff like this , really does n't help his case , because it makes it a bit more unbelieveable that everyone else is biased but he is n't when he says that those organisations goal is :  all white people in europe would have to personally give up their homes to the poor economic immigrants illegally entering europe . 
  so stop with stupid strawmans and focus on what beeing discussed ... 
  and thats good , but if we would ever do anything close to that people here would loose their shits ... also was n't orban advocating to just keep everything normal and follow dubliniii instead of beeing `` irresponsible '' ? 
  if so , then he is n't staying consistent at all :0, 
  sure you can , the community here ( it is an effort by the lutheran church or rather one pastor i think ) organises bi-weekly events where refuggees and germans ( native or with migration background or whatever ) come together , everyone brings like a cake or something and the refuggees try to make like some food from where they originally came from . 
  then you sit together over some coffe or tea eating some cake or whatever and chat and get to know eachother !, 
  it helps refuggees integrate aswell as practice their german ( if they are already good enough otherwise we switch to english ) since the level of german classes they get in my area is absolutely dreadfull , and helps the locals understand and get to know these people and maybe get rid of some prejudice they used to have !, 
  this `` caf\u00e9 international '' is pretty cool i have to say , sooo please come !, 
  unless ofcourse you decide to bring some weird fish stuff you nordics seem to love :0, 
  when did your media ever tell you that ? 
  o_o mine sure as heck never did lol,
