  outside of a strawman on the internet i have never actually never seem this argument ... 
   we 'd probably be better off being champions of national sovereignty that would n't fit at all with some major actions you choose to do in recent history and today , therefor you ca n't really champion that i do n't think, 
  but noone asked to to stop building them , it was asked to stop one super old one that has tons of problems , ofcourse you can just build a new one instead, 
  no its a super old reactor that has tons of problems on a way to regular basis , its a security list , and it also seems like the people in charge are actively lying to make it look like everything is less dangerous/fine . 
  i am very pro-nuclear but you ca n't have super old reactors that probably were planned to be shut off a long time ago , you also ca n't just trust firms you need to inspect them better , if you really support and like nuclear so much you should be in favor of this getting shut down for a new better reactor , no ? 
   so we 're supposed to believe that germany has suddenly become concerned about the welfare of greece ? 
  only from a 100 % practical standpoint , but yes , part of this proposal , infact part of her original plan aswell , a strong european border with good security and registration centers there that everyone has to go to were big points , however you ca n't have good registration or a strong border , if the country that is supposed to do that is currently collapsing because they have to take all of the themselfs . 
  that is the reason we stopped sending people back , because ( foolishly ) merkel believed that an eu resolution is the possible and the only way to really tackle this problem , so its of utmost importance that we do n't loose the border countries and take pressure off of them in the short term . 
  oh and also sending back could theoretically go against our first constitutional ammendment if greece is already too fucked to take care of them . 
  can you provide the statistics , because as i reember it was n't suchs a huge distance, 
  the major talks about syria were done in munich , the aggreements with turkey that would enable us to send boats somewhere noneu aswell as enable greece to say no to new arrivals are pushed by germany , the deals with african countries so they take asylum seekers back are done by germany , plans for a common eu solution sharing the burden aswell as defending the border and creating forward centers in order to bring order and enable lobgterm planning ( because u will know who arrives earlier can put them where we want them and sort the fakes out earlier ) etc. 
  are all pushed by germany ... what has ur country done other than complain and maybe shut its borders so greece goes under ? 
  and they took all german patrnts in return for that which are worth quite a hefty sum indeed not that im complaining we lost the war and all that , however making it out as if the marshall plan was this glorious giant onesided gift is not that great imo, 
  s\u00fcddeutsche is super trustworthy one of the best and biggest newspapers in germany and their quality on investigative journalism still holds up !, 
  wdr also very trustworthy , also they make the sendung mit der maus iirc and who wouldnt trust that ? 
  a monster !, 
  so yea if those two report it like that it is gon na be that way most likely, 
  he passed the cdu on the rightlane while in office , it was getting pretty rediculous with him, 
  wait , who is propping up who ? 
   free reign for germany and france ... well now we just need to aggree with them on stuff , infact england is our biggest ally against france and smaller nations when it comes to economic stuff , but ofcourse you do n't care about facts do you ? 
  i do n't believe it , sch\u00e4uble is not capable of crying anymore , otherwise his magic tears would 've already healed his legs :0 the day sch\u00e4uble cries will be the day of ragnar\u00f6k , and it is not time ... yet ... we need more brooms !, 
  well this month her rating went up 8 % points so i do n't see that weird future you are painting coming anytime soon . 
  we are still dooing pretty well , better than eeu i.e. 
  also i do n't really think this is true , but i guess every bullshit anyone says gets posted as long as it fits with this subs narrative : /, 
  german cities are in general relatively cheap compared to big capitols in western/northern countries , however the prices are rising and rising and rising, 
  you have n't even touched the real issue yet !, 
  we apparently have to act as taxi drivers for refuggees !, 
  and have to pay 600 $ begr\u00fc\u00dfungsgeld if they ask us for it , and if we go to the police they 'll just say they ca n't do anything or charge us !, 
  any questions ? 
  / r/600euro, 
  lefty here , well we can finally all be as one when coming here my conservative brethren !, 
  but they were n't prepaired , i aggree with you , but i would be one of those on the left critizising why our institutions are failing , the asylum and immigration stuff had been defunded , at one point the inefficiency of the system was even used to try and scare refuggees away from coming to germany , meanwhile experts where warning about the current crisis 2 years early but nothing was beeing done . 
  i aggree with her in principle but the shortsightetness and overall handling was n't that great : /, 
  have you even bothered reading the article you posted or did you too just stop at the headling , e that 'd be funny :d, 
  i mean ... would n't it be cool if we get news about events that will only happen a week later !, 
  10 uhr in polen : ` mhhmmm knoppers ' '', 
  unlike in germany civil unions in hungrary are not ( almost ) equal to marriage, 
   so is germany , you do n't even have gay marriage . 
  but its him and not us making that statement ... also we have civil unions that are almost equal to gay marraige which is a huge step above hungrary, 
  he himself uses rethorik that one could describe as rude , and his country is far behind western europe when it comes to gay people ? 
  how ? 
  there were already huge numbers coming in before her speech , infact our policy of not sending back syrians only happened because greece was in much the same position it is in now , with a lot of people caming and noone in the union willing to share the burden they were facing signs of a humanitarian crisis building . 
  question : how ? 
  they are the first safe country ( international law wise speaking ) so they have to take them without inviolating treaties , and they soon might have to take all because noone wants to share the burden, 
  mein mampf is also a really awesome cooking book !, 
  the guy seriously had too much time on his hand to write while doing the whole wwii and holocaust thing this popular german cooking show uses his recipes : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wgpgsycreja, 
  you act as if any idea coming out of this book could be a good one , its the rambling of a mad man . 
  tho as someone that has read quite a bit of it , i can say i do n't think anyone other than a total idiot would fall for it , so i aggree with op, 
  they know how to use the internet ? 
  wtf, 
  a bit is putting it very nice , like 3/4 of what i 've read of it was whining whining and even more whining, 
  the police forced me to pay 600 $ begr\u00fc\u00dfungsgeld and take a refuggee with a car to my home !, 
  how does that matter in a thread about german media and news ? 
  wtf , before cologne you could see a lot of critical articles , heck even the fucking taz had a editorial piece complaining about merkel about too many refuggees long before cologne , the fucking taz the most leftwing big newspaper that exists in germany if you really think german media was more than just slightly biased ( because i will admit it was slightly biased but not super biased like people are portraying it ) then you probably are n't from germany and are n't reading german news daily , like i do which is why i know that claim is bullshit , but rather just repeat hearsay from the internet ... 
   or does each country set it ? 
  how would that work , you have to in the end get to 100 % so i do n't understand how each country would set it , if each says 1 % then we have about 70 % of accepted asylum seekers ( the quota is only about accepted ones obviously ) that are n't allowed to stay in any country while beeing accepted ? 
  not pmq but during a real debate about exiting the eu, 
  religion is still very much a part , and since you ca n't just forbid it , since that would go against our modern values , you should try to change it and have it in a docile form while it dies out hopefully , 
  because that would go against our european values ? 
   why ? 
  they can just not allow saudi extremist money . 
  but thats the only other place people can become accepted imams , which is the sad reality of things , sooo i think belgium trying to change that is pretty good . 
  idk about you but here in germany you study at university to become a priest/pastor why not do the same for imams, 
  yea why not ? 
  a version of islam seen through the lense of our european values , just like the reformation , sounds pretty fucking great actually if it would work out !, 
  german here i think dependency and developing that dependency on russia for our energy policy is total horseshit , however there is one thing i will defend , i dont think that this is a direct stab in the back of eastern european cuz webuilt this instead of the southstteam i will defend that because germany tried its hardest to push for the southstream tellibg eastern europe to try negotiating more and trying to find a common solution only when that didnt happen southstream was cancelled . 
  now i do think the southstream also was horseshit because pf the afore mentioned ( is that one or two words ? ), 
  influence it would give over european countries but still not building southstream but building this was not a backstab its horseshit that we built it but not a backstab, 
  ofcourse do n't you remember how free people were under hitler , or the kaiser or all the different kings ? 
   i thought that afd sat some way to the left of ukip on the political scale , no ? 
  when it started yes , however there was a mayor vote some time ago , where the right wing took over , threw out the old party leader ( who now started a party called alpha which which is basically like the old afd ) aswell as all center or centerleft ( centerleft in their party this would be center right in germany about the same as the old cdu ) politicians and have now devolved into a far right party that is all buddy buddy with the npd and houses a couple of extremely right wing politicians, 
  that was true a year ago , since then they threw out all their left/centerleft members and basically become a different npd with a nicer name . 
  heck they even had a member talking about rassenkunde how more obvious can it get ? 
  the current afd is in no way comparable to 1998 cdu, 
  its not like they 'll get far so you do n't have to worry about poor scotland , 
  and its less about taking power but rather beeing granted power by the ruling president who then died shortly after ... really bad timing machterschleichung nicht machtergreifung !, 
  yea i still do n't get why exactly we did that, 
  no because the current corrupt system relies on the low wage of the illegal workers . 
  yes you should destroy that system , but it it best to do it from the top down , in order to not fuck up as much around it / do longterm damage, 
  even before then they have always catered to rightwing ideas in saxony, 
  which is n't something that makes me vote for him more , quite the opposite actually, 
  while i 'm not 100 % a fan of everything he seems like the tiniest evil/best one yea , 
  yea that is a problem , the cdu there goes all in on rightwing rethorik instead of standing against it and standing in line with the general cdu party, 
  the last time i heard him talk about it he said something akin to : `` i 'm gon na nullify this deal and make a better one , because it was a horrible deal , i have written the book on making deals so i 'll be sure to make a better one '', 
  and thats the problem , does n't make him any better that the rest is just super fucking bad aswell, 
  compared to trump she is super fucking sane , yea, 
  i 'm glad i do n't have to make the choice between those two , they are both fucked up, 
  no legal immigrant would work for that low , and farmers in the us get fucked over by the crop industry etc. 
  they ca n't afford to pay much more for the most part , if you only address illegal immigration without first tackling the other monopolies around agriculture the whole current system will collapse , again georgia already tried it and it fucked them over alabama is trying it and it fucks them over, 
  yea no do n't say that in saxony , they probably want danzig etc. 
  back aswell < . <, 
   is it possible to have a debate in germany about immigration without people being scorned like this ? 
  ofcourse , aslong as you do not cheer on people trying to stupid shit like this themselfs there is no problem with a debate, 
  aswell as some afd politicians depending on the state . 
  letting them just slowly kill themselfs generally seems to be the best action against those far right parties, 
  those lazy fucking buildings only sit around all day , ofcourse they are gon na end up fat and die of spontaneous combustion !, 
  so you are saying he is outright lying with half the stuff he says just to get more voters , well that is another reason not to vote for him ( and i aggree with you mostly btw ), 
  yes we are , have you even heard half of the crazy shit that guy is proposing ? 
  http://www.nytimes.com/roomfordebate/2011/08/17/could-farms-survive-without-illegal-labor/without-immigrant-labor-the-economy-would-crumble there was even somewhat of an experiment , one state tried to get rid of the illegals and it fucked their agriculture sector up pretty badly, 
  sure , but that does n't mean it was purposefully stacked with gop donors , no ?
