  no , under dublin 3 they have to stay in the country they first enter , there is nothing in it about distributing them around europe , merkel wants to change that but eastern europe does n't ... 
  why should i care what they believe in aslong as they are not radicals ( these would fall under the not good person thing i said ) , should i also only be okay with people that share my political views ? 
  aslong as they love eachother and the guy/girl is a good person , that can have a good relationship with my child and they are not a deadbeat , then i should n't really care i do n't think . 
  i 'm an agnosti-atheist and i do n't think anyone should care about that fact about me either when it comes to dating their daughter/son o_o, 
  what ? 
  dublin does not redistribute refuggees through europe , is concentrates them in a few countries that ca n't take care of them anymore which is why we had to suspend it because it would be unconstitutional to send them there if they ca n't get fed or housed because so many people are there already ? 
  i 've still not contradicted myself ... dublin does not redistribute . . 
  where did i say they ca n't be trusted ? 
  i said one ca n't guarantee that the refuggees get shelter and food there , this has nothing to do with some sort of malice of hungrary greece or italy , but the number of refuggees in those countries just is too high , greece is already collapsing they just simply do n't have the ability to house everyone or to give shelter to everyone , not with these numbers . 
  if you redistribute refuggees tho , then each country will have to take a much smaller number , greece certainly can take care of a lower number , same with hungrary or italy , same with poland , france , germany , austria etc. 
  you seem to be trying to put words in my mouth , you seem to think that i think very lowly of eastern europe and thats why i think we ca n't send refuggees back to hungrary , thats not at all true tho ... 
  that sounds idiotic , if my child was in a loving relationship with someone , why should i be not okay with it because of their faith ? 
  aslong as its a good person that should n't really be the focus right ? 
  atleast in germany there is a huge group of `` christians '' they say they are christians but they mean culturally and the values ( the ones that they think modern christianity stands for ofcourse not the ones where you can look up how much you should pay for a slave ) and either do n't believe or say they do n't know whether or not a god exists !, 
  woah the czechs just hate everyone huh ? 
  no matter what religion or atheist lol, 
  especially if the torture and imprisonment made him a terrorist , guantanamo bay is a create recruitment ad for terrorist organisations !, 
  but the dublin aggreement does n't cover sending them back to second or third countries only to the first entry country , we currently have no legal means for that ( redistribution would help with that tho ) , and it would destroy the last remains of eu solidarity that is left , to just dump everyone on these countries without ever asking ... 
  that sounds atually pretty great , and while we do a few things , different stuff especially the in-home childcare and kindergarten investment defenitely needs to step up !, 
  thanks for taking the time , 
  no where did i say that ? 
  dumping everyone on only a few countries is immoral , since those countries ca n't care for them , dividing them up and sending only portions to different countries like the redistribution would is perfectly moral by my logic o_o, 
  sounds like an idea , i personally do n't have a problem about them spending it outside , the problem people here have is them spending it on alcohol or drugs ( which i do n't know has been proven but you know people do n't want that possibility to exist at all ) and it would also solve this aswell , only thing i 'm wondering is how much extra administrative work it would take because the administrations are already pretty overworked right now ( tho stuff is done to change that harmonising stuff etc. ), 
  because the opposition in germany atleast does n't have any concrete answers , most of them complain about the horribel eastern europeans and say we should do all and stuff . 
  or seehofer who now wants to go to court maybe , his idea to solve this , is to set a cap for refuggees which is unconcstitutional and would immediately get shut down ... 
  if the opposition would have actual good ideas she probably would back down easily as she never goes against polls or a strong opposition if there is any way around it !, 
  you mean in turky where only 1/5 of them are provided with food or shelter ? 
  yea i wonder why they did n't all go there :0, 
  in court it is argud that article 1 protects article 2-19 therefor they are indirectly under the eternity clause, 
  it actually might , because we ca n't guarantee that the people we send back using dublin will get food and shelter in greece hungrary etc. 
  uhh i did n't think we promoted the traditional family picture ( one working one at home ) a lot still :0 but maybe i 'm mistaken !, 
  what you say defenitely sounds good !, 
  thanks, 
  how exactly do you do that ? 
  i personally would love to have a more family ( including homosexual families ofcourse ) / child friendly society here , so how does france do it , i 'm actually super curious !, 
  huh ? 
  no i just said that farage and some other meps attacked germany with similiar or harsher insults for 3 weeks now , and i can understand why this mep then feels to do something like this , but i still disaggree . 
  this is not an attack on farage this is just saying what happened and that i disapprove of how our mep handled things , if farage wants to insult germany then i do n't honestly care all that much ... 
  any recommendations on what a poor student that loves to cook can afford , while not dumping the quality down too much with cheaper ingredients ? 
  thanks < 3, 
  where have i ever said that ? 
  i was only debating whether or not merkels statement : that there will not be a big tax increase to deal with refuggees in germany was true or not , i have never said that doing this is good or bad , but simply argued the fact that we infact do not increase taxes in germany to house refuggees in germany , and therefor merkels statement still stands . 
  please try to use context next time !, 
  while i can understand how he got to this point , after germany beeing repdeatly beeing insulted by farage and other meps , just hitting back with ( in my opinion lesser insults but still not nice stuff ) this kinda stuff is still not the correct way of going about this all , especially if we want to show that the in campaign is better than the out campaign , so lets let farage throw stupid insults at our face and show we are better , 
  no problem , in this sub nowadays its kinda easy to mistake things , especially as a german user these days =p have a great day !, 
  wait you actually think the benevolent british empire was granting the countries freedom out of the kindness of their hearts ? 
  lol, 
  yea because comments like this are any more mature then what the idiot mep said ... good job , and up above / u/trucidator is trying to tell people you never liken us to the nazis anymore ... we still remember all the pettiness and bullshit we got for not joining the iraq war , your media went full on ham on us ... 
  not really as britain is an ally to us against france in terms of politics in the eu , the only thing where its france and germany against britain is federalisation , in everything else its usually germany and britain against france and small states, 
  merkel was talking about raising taxes in order to house refuggees in germany , which is still not happening , this is a different issue to what she was talking about ... 
  where in the citation does it say that merkel was against checking whether or not they are syrians ? 
  i do n't think that would be much of a choice , i 'd be okay if you do that for both men and women tho , so if a guy wants to be home he gets the same benefits as a woman that stays home with the kids ( also we already give people money for having children ), 
  what ? 
  i 'm not saying hurr durr muslims are bad tho ? 
  read the comment again maybe , i said that i do n't know of any plans in germany to have muslim only neighbourhood which is what he was saying ... 
  and article 2-19 are protected under article 1 , atleast thats how it has been argued in court until now , and i do n't see that changing , therefor these articles are indirectly protected by the eternity clause as you ca n't change article 1 which makes you unable to change much in articles 2-19, 
  she answered it sooo many times already , there can be no upper limit because of our constitution , therefor we will have to take people in that qualify for asylum , thats it . 
  i thikn he said everything we do is based on our hatred for ourselfs and we want to commit suicide or some bullshit like that ? 
  not 100 % sure on the wording and stuff i reald his comment 2 hours ago the last time , but i 'm pretty sure it was along those lines, 
  arent poor people usually the most aggressive against other poor people ? 
  dublin three is allowed to be ignored if a country wants to take in more than they need to , also following dublin 3 might be unconstitutional , as the countries we would send them back to ca n't take proper care of refuggees anymore , so we would be violating article one by sending them back ( maybe ), 
  no turkey is not yet recognised as a safe country , the first one is greece or italy . 
  also even if it was , only 1/5 of the refuggees there are in camps ( the camps are all at maximum capacity ) the others ca n't get in because they are full , they do n't get government benefits and no shelter . 
  and i 'm sorry , but not beeing able to eat or get a shelter especially with winter coming , is not a situation i would describe as `` safe '' or `` without fear of immanent death '' ... 
  and refuggees are n't allowed to work for a long time , meaning we offer the hartziv guy a way to work and get out of it , while we deny the refuggee this , so whats your point ? 
   also implying that all of the refugees are syrians , remember , merkel was against checking wether or not thy are syrians . 
  citation fucking needed , that is such a stupid lie . 
  if there is suspicion if someone is not syrian while claiming to be syrian the bamf , asks them about local geographie etc. 
  from where they claim to be , and has them read and interpret etc. 
  syrian texts while having an official translator with syrian roots sit there the entire time , you can even get fucked over if your accent sounds un-syrian while you speak the language ... 
  what do you want us to do ? 
  yes we can increase some benefits but we already give quite a few ( other than one big thing that i 'd change which is that the pay you get during maternity leave does n't go towards your pension , which is kinda really stupid and we are the only industrial nation that does that afaik ) , so you can increase the number of months , or the money or something but i do n't know what big family promoting things you want us to do that we do n't already do ? 
  and if you think by family values we should give up equality of men and women and demand women be mothers and housewives solely , then i 'm sorry but thats stupid and wo n't hopefully ever happen . 
  yea not really , also actually merkel specifically said , that the `` wir '' will not change , the grundgesetzt , soziale marktwirtschaft , religious freedom and freedom of opinion will not change , the society we build will stand but more people will have the values and follow it . 
  now you can ofcourse say that she is completely wrong with that assumption but what it shows is that she does not act out of any german guilt or anything stupid like that ( as foreigners sooo easily fall back to it since its super convenient , sorry but i do n't feel guilty myself ) but rather because she think germany and german society is great , and more people should partake in it to make it stronger while not changing the course !, 
  she is supposed to do what she thinks is right and correct , and then we elect her or someone else based on who we think is correct in what they think is right ... 
  thats why we are for quotas , yes . 
  and no you ca n't send valid asylum seekers , back to their home countries that defenitely is against the constitution , sending them back to greece and italy as i just explained might also be unconstitutional if you are talking about non-valid asylum seekers , we have been sending them back for ages and just passed stricter laws to send them back faster and easier , so i do n't know why you would bring that up when i 'm obviously only talking about valid asylum seekers . - . 
  not her proposal , and we still do n't need taxes for the asylum seekers in germany , which is what she said . 
  but we might need to raise taxes to help the border countries which is what this proposal of wolfgang sch\u00e4uble is well proposing , it might actually not be an overall tax increase for germans afterall actually , since iirc there was a tax break planned for us soon since the economy is doing so fine and the government is making quite a bit of money :0, 
  that was wolfgang sch\u00e4ubles idea , g\u00f6bbels in a wheelchair as we call him , you know the guy that this sub loved so much 10 minutes ago ? 
  and what the fuck muslim only neighbourhood in germany ? 
  have you even read the article ( i guess not since you thought it was merkels proposal lol ) , every country would have to pay taxes ( ofcourse richer countries pay more in absolute moneys thats how taxes work ) , and it gets redistributed to the usually poor border states ... 
  https://www.btg-bestellservice.de/pdf/80201000.pdf article 16a mean we have to take everyone that qualifies for asylum , article 1 could be violated if we send them to the first safe countries which are hungrary , greece , and italy since they wiill most likely not be able to take care of them . 
  as i said in the very beginning , these countries need monetary help and refuggee distribution , so even if sending all of them there would not violate article 1 ( which looking at our constitutional court , they will probably rule that it does ) it would hinder the whole getting everything in order and making the refuggee wave easier to deal with plan that she has , since you need strong border countries for that . 
  articles 1-19 are under an eternity clause . 
  why do you think so ? 
  i think she is doing her best to play by the rules while stopping the crisis , our constitution simply does n't allow us to set a cap for asylum , aslong as someone is elligible they have to be getting asylum , and we ca n't really send them back to the first safe countries ( which would be italy and greece and hungrary ) because it might be unconstitutional since those countries ca n't feed or house them anymore ( not out of malice but because there are just so many refuggees in those countries ) . 
  so unliek seehofer she is just trying to not get into troubles with the constitutional court . 
  yea no , i do n't think she values the nobel peace prize quite that highly lol, 
  not really , we are not allowed because of our constitution to set an upper limit , and it probably is also against it to send people back to border countries aslong as the situation in them is so bad . 
  our constitution forbids us from setting an upper limit to asylum seekers , if the border countries ( and border countries are currently considered the first safe countries between germany and syria , meaning someone fleeing from a refuggee camp to greece is actually only in greece in his first safe country ) do n't get a lot of financial help aswell as redistribution ( because there are waaaay too many in there to take care of ) they ca n't secure the border without shutting it almost completely down which with europe as an export continent would be bad for us , if they ca n't shut it down more people will go to germany , it is already looked into if using dublin to send the people back to the border countries is constitutional ( not generally but right now , because of the bad situation like no food and no shelter for these asylum seekers in border countries ) , which all together results in , us having to take refuggees cuz we ca n't send them back , and us not beeing able to set an upper limit because that would be against our constitution ( and you are not allowed to change these first articles of the constitution because of an eternity clause build in ) . 
  so what merkel wants to do are two things , one in germany and one internationally/eu wide . 
  firstly , in germany she wants quicker processing and a quicker asylum process , with more ability to send them back , and more deportation aswell as no help for people that do n't qualify for it , less help for people already here ( which is kinda stupid if you want them to integrate , also the change from giving them money to giving them goods like food etc. 
  makes no sense since this just reverses a previous change which was implemented because actually giving them goods instead of money is more complicated , takes more effort per asylum seeker and is actually more pricey so that would be one fuck up there ) and so on , she is currently implementing laws to do all that , basically making everything go faster and smoother so that there will be less here eventhough we ca n't set a limit . 
  secondly on the eu basis she wants a redistribution system aswell as common eu border protection , and then asylum application centers in the border states , this is there to take burden off of the border states . 
  this in theory should result in a more oderly process , meaning you make it harder for traffickers to profit off of it , and you also know the numbers of people coming to the different countries which enables long-term thinking and planning compared to just a random number of people showing up at your doorstep everyday , and longterm planning is extremely important to solve such a crisis . 
  in theory , the fact that the asylum registraition centers would be at the entry points would mean , that people that do n't qualify for asylum ( currently a bit less then half according to german standards , those people currently either get send back or if they stay here do not since recently thanks to laws that merkel made get any help from the government ) do n't clog up the system , they get sorted out early which makes everything go smoother . 
  internationally she wants to invest more into already existing refuggee camps ( which happens right now , germany is stepping up investing there a lot recently because of her ) so that less people want to leave because of dreadfull condition there . 
  next she wants to establish turkey as an official safe third country , meaning we can send a whole lot of them there , in return turkey gets a lot of money for housing them ( currently they are only able to have 1/5 of them in refuggee camps , the rest is in turkey not allowed to work and not getting any help , meaning they are homeless beggars and therefor understandably want to leave which is something that must be changed if we want to limit the flow from turkey ) , it will be easier for turks to get visas to the eu etc.
