  the world financial crisis trashed the country as germany thanks to wwi reasons was very connected with the us and felt the impact really fucking strongly , that coupled with the horrible versaile treaty , the fact that the constitution had no defensive measurements , the fact that the president had too much power ( ersatzkaiser ) , the fact that the chancellor could cancel parliament voting on anything whenever he wanted basically holding them hostage the fact that if you did a misstrauensvotum you had to wait waaaay too long for a new person because you did n't have to have an immediate alternative , the fact that hindenburg and his guys thought they could control hitler and use the nsdap in street fights to get rid of the leftist , the fact that hindenburg died giving hitler the chance to become president aswell and many more reasons are why hitler came into power ... not because the democratic socialists ( which did n't exist spd is social democratss not socialist democrats which is a giant difference ) somehow magically trashed the country , and not because people back then it was easy to make nazism unappealing ( why would they think that ? 
  there were tons of street fights in weimar , the nazi party was huge , and at the time people had n't really understood/learned what would naturally come with them so i do n't see why they would believe that ) . 
  if you want i can send you a pdf of the german version , but yes it is horribly written , its incredibly boring and full of obvious lies and conspiracy theories and it really makes you sleepy reading through it because the tone is really ... monotone ( i hope that describes it ? ), 
  so yea as someone that reads quite a lot , i 'd say its badly written in that you can easily see the lies and conspiracy theories and in that it does n't do a good job in grabbing ones attention . 
  ehh you can read it , its nowhere near the level of difficulty as faust or similiar stuff ( or the few parts of faust 2 we had to read in 12th grade , soo much symbolism and just sooo ... weird ) or shakespear for english , for you it might be harder in german but i would n't be surprised if the english version is actually harder to understand than the german one !, 
  so yea its definitely possible to read it ( otherwise i would n't have ) but its ... not written all that well lol, 
  you do n't have to make politically biased annotations , you just have to write down the facts , the book is full of lies and crazy conspiracy theories that ca n't be correct if you just use a tiny bit of your brain , so if you use the annotations to write down facts and statistics it should be enough, 
  i read it in german , it was horribly boring and badly written for one half , and full of the craziest conspriacy theories and badly written for the other half lol, 
  and merkel is still kinda better than pis who trash the constitution and the constitutional court and act above the law , no ? 
  did n't stop them from electing morons tho :(, 
  so you bring up nazis germany whenever a german disaggrees with you ? 
  yea you sure showed me how the germans are the bad ones in all of this lol, 
  if u think so ... 
  i do n't think so , from my pov it lokos there is an increased amount of playing the eternal victim and blaming of germany for everything coming from poland , 
   this is weird , because you have changed your attitude towards the jews , romas and homosexuals , yet your opinion about the poles seems to have gone back just to the xixth century and i think this anger will only get stronger huh ? 
  i do n't understand , its not the big attitude , noone actually believes that poles are all robbers or gypsies , same as we do n't believe that austrians actually shit down canyons o_o a lot of german humor is is about absurdity and one subform of that is that a nice reasonable friendly person says some of the most fucked up horrible ( edgy maybe ) shit with a calm face acting as if just talking normal . 
  thats where the worse polish jokes stem from that , and also what does it matter ? 
  i like a joke because its funny , i thought eastern europe was all about not beeing pc all the time , i think its totally fine to have some insulting/fucked up jokes and not worry all the time if someone would get mad lol, 
  same with the zdf ( just watch die anstalt shit on our politicians every month or so ) , infact the big german media has to have anti-government people and stuff in them which is mandated by the constitution :d, 
  how is it bad if some media is owned my multinational organisations ? 
  are polish organisations automatically better than polish branches of multinational organisations ? 
  also the media ( as far as politics is concerned ) is not really owned by germans , the german owned media , is media about sports and media for housewifes mainly , i do n't see how thats a bad thing since those are apolitical ... 
  to be completely honest with you ... we almost never talk about poland other than jokes about how you steal our stuff , or sometimes how you are all gypsies :d well ... there is this one cdu politician that wants poland to give back east prussia and she sometimes talks very emotionaly like the idiot she is , but thats about it i think lol, 
  thanks for beeing such a good example for young poland , you guys make me proud ;-), 
  i thought a lot of poles on reddit were going crazy for him , so i just imagined he would be like the polish bernie sanders , hmm is there any equivalent any real leftist ? 
  poland is too important , its a fast growing economy that could be really important in the future since the big powerhouses are slowing down ( especially germany due to declining population ) , and you really do n't want one of the more important countries be under rule of authoritarian nationalists , and while hungrary is a nice country i 'm afraid to say it does n't seem as important as poland or austria . 
  i think the german path is somewhat correct but stupidly executed , i think you need to close some ( some of the ones that were closed at the beginning were waaaay too old and were actual risks ) , and i think there comes a time when shutting all of them down will be the best thing so that you minimize risk . 
  however i do n't think that time is right now , and i think that the german approach was done waaaaaaaaaaayy too fast , you would need to slowly phase the old ones out ( or even built one or two new ones to replace the super old ones so you extend the life of fission energy for a bit longer ) so that you do n't need to built additional coal but can use subsidized renewables to shoulder the first ones , slowly . 
  investing in renewable however itself is a good thing no matter what , german big subsidies of renewable energy are one of the main reason that solar power is soo cheap right now ( germany artificially created demand , which drove innovation which resulted in the whole tech beeing more affordable to the point where now a lot of major countries invest in them , with germany beeing the big frontrunner here ) , and renewables should be used in the future . 
  however to have a good clean baseline you will need fission for a bit longer ( unless you want to use coal which i think is wrong ) , and while you do so you should heavily invest into nuclear fusion ( which germany is also doing , beeing one of the biggest investor into fusion in the world , beeing one of the big sponsors of iter aswell as having its own projects such as wendelstein-7x and lots of smaller stuff ) which would seem to be the ideal replacement for fission . 
  so the endgoal should be fusion and renewable , which germany is working towards , but i disaggree with the way we try to get there , with the shortterm solution we use . 
  hope that makes sense !, 
  to be honest , our media is n't promoting all that much when it comes to poland , we most of the time do n't really care , sorry ; - ;, 
  ohh come on , why is this beeing downvoted ? 
  it was a nice funny reference to the whole `` black people are only 3/5 human thats why basic rights do n't apply to them '' schtick the confederate had going on !, 
  and it was even relatively subtle compared to most of the sub , i think this desserves upvotes !, 
  well we took a small break inbetween , can you blame us ? 
  partitioning poland is actually quite hard , eventhough it may look easy :0, 
  are n't britain , france , the netherlands also major partners in this deal ? 
  i do n't really see how you can blame this only on germany ... 
  i think they were in this cae , this is n't about any expansion thats going on right now or will happen in the near future , the request was made because sometime in the future they could wish to expand the ports right there maybe , and ofcourse germany would have to pay the cost . 
  if there were actual plans within the next decade or so then germany would have done it , but we are n't going to pay a lot more because there might be a chance that sometime in the future it may be a problem maybe , this already came up the last time and was rejected after long discussion , this time its faster because the situation did n't really change ... 
  oh come on , poland as the eternal victim is kinda stupid ... poland did have a lot of bad luck with its geographical position but you ca n't pretend that it was always only the victim , in the interwar period poland like most big-ish states in europe tried to expand while the big boys were exhausted from fighting eachother , heck poland struck a deal with germany to get some territory and split it up , very similiar to what germany and russia did later . 
  poland is just a country , it is n't the eternal victim that never did anything bad and was just bullied by the big evil other states for 300 years ... 
  if they want to live in tents , sure come over !, 
  eastern european conservatives can be a bit more conservative than your western european conservative , so to them this is actually ... conservative : /, 
  it is n't tho as the constitution forbids to add anything new to the hatespeech laws , therefor you wo n't slip and go down the slope you 'll be standing at the top enjoying the view !, 
  holocaust denial does n't fall under hatespeech , it falls under : `` lying about a fact to harm a third party '' which would be stuff like saying a doctor tries to poisin his patient or other stuff , holocaust denial only has the purpose to make nazis look less bad to make the ideology be more appealing so that something like it can happen again which would harm minorities , therefor it falls under this law ( same would be saying that white christians poison the wells in a city or something like that ), 
  not really in germany , idk where you are from , so you definition could be different , but the german constitution defines what is hatespeech and what is n't , i have made thousand of horribly inappropriat jokes , never got in trouble at all because that is n't hatespeech lol, 
  yes ofcourse it does , hatespeech covers whoever is saying it , the laws used to get a hold of the super radical imams ( if you do n't have proof of direct support of terrorism ) are generally hatespeech because they advocate for violence against a group ( does n't have to be a minority can also be advocating violence against whites or white males or whatever ) of people in the country . 
  the almedina k did n't advocate violence , if a nazi said : `` i 'm said only 8 million dead i wish i could follow in the foodsteps of [ insert ss member name here or whatever ] '' it would n't be illegal . 
  illegal is : `` lets kill ... '' `` i think should be exterminated/killed ... '' etc. 
  also its important that they say that publicly to a group of people , you ca n't get charged if you say it in private , however if you lets say stand on a podium spouting this stuff then the rules obviously change . 
  the `` shariah police '' was just some idiots giving out fliers calling themselfs a stupid name saying you should n't drink , they did n't hurt anyone and they were n't aggressive , so ofcourse we have to tolerate that shit . 
  same way i have to tolerate jehovas witnisses visiting me every few weeks , or the crazy christian sects that want me to convert to them that stand around in munich whenever i take a walk coming up to me and trying to give me fliers ... 
  the german youth still votes more left than right , the trend just got slowed down a bit so they vote more right than they used to ... 
  iirc in germany atleast women vote more conservatively and less extreme than men , and iirc that is a general trend , atleast thats what i learned in school . 
  ( which my teacher then made fun of authorities trying not to allow women to vote back in the day since they would be even more likely then men to vote for established parties as they seem to vote more against change and for stability ), 
  german , not at all , agnostic atheist, 
  lithuanians were among the most supportive uhh nazi supporters out there , soo yea it is kinda also your fault , do n't make the mistake austria made up to the 80s where they claimed it was all only evil germany so they would n't have to look at their own problems . 
  did n't we also purposefully segregate the turks from the germans in the 50s and 60s when many were coming ? 
  like building their own little ghettos for them to take them there because we did n't want them near us . 
  and ofcurse that ghetta has a school usually hauptschule maybe realschule where we send all the turkish kids no matter what intelligence they might have actually had ( that in general seems to be a problem with deciding where kids go after 4th grade ) , thats atleast one of the main reasons i 've heard for the lack of proper integration of turks . 
  ohh that sounds awesome , kinda want to go there again , 
  i personally know one actually , he now studies at my university finishing up his masters in it :d do i get something for finding a unicorn ? 
  oh god , i had to explain to a friend that they indeed had phones in africa < . <, 
  you spouted a bunch of bullshit that i from experience know is n't true and did not present any evidence for your claims , sorry that i 'm not gon na waste my time on that , 
  it was n't at all ? 
  are you from germany ? 
  do you read/watch german media ? 
  or does everything you know about it come from reddit or right wing conspiracy websites , because as someone from germany it was n't at all how you portray it ... 
  not really , there are some newspapers that lean to certain sides , but overall it seems to cancel eachother out mostly , and even the most extreme leftwing ones like taz even have anti-refuggee opinion pieces while the most rightwing ones of the big media ( would be welt or bild i suppose ) have pro-refuggee opinion pieces , overall the media as a whole is pretty not biased it seems . 
  or do you define media as beeing biased if not everyone and everything aggrees with your opinion ? 
  and rightfully so , the idea that only white christians can be proper germans would be completely moronic ... 
  maybe because this evil leftist media does n't really exist and most media publish stories for both sides of the debate ? 
  or we could go completely conspiracy nuts like you apparently like to do and claim because the evil german government has them completely under control only to blaim orban the white knight hero that europe needs and desserves !, 
  we are talking about killings not attempts at killings i thought ? 
  and you really want to leave out the time during the nsu terror huh ? 
  i wonder why ... 
  yes , seeing as the theocracy right now is a direct consequence of that action , atleast something wouldve been different , no ? 
  the far right has killed far more than the far right other than 2014 tho , it is pretty disingenious that you would only bring 2014 up for killings when you use 2000-2014 for everything else ... 
  yea , and especially not at police officers : / there are only a few cases where that would be excuseable , which would be basically only in the 1990 in rostock when neonazis were throwing firework stuff and stones into a refuggee center and attacking people in the streets etc. 
  while the police was standing there and watching , not doing anything , then antifa ran in and got them to move away , i think thats the only incident that i know off that i think it is excuseable because the authorities have given up and the neonazis were actually harming innocent people ... 
  they talked about recent times , so the msot you could go back would be like 20 years if you want to stretch it far , in that time the right wing has killed atleast 70 people with some estimates going up to like 176 people , while the left is at like 7, 
  i would n't say equally , both sides are fucked up but the right in germany has been the cause of many more political motivated killings than the left so it seems they are more fucked up . 
  not really , if you look at killings with political motivations , in the last 20 years the nazis trump every other group with atleast 70 but estimated 150 + soooo yea one of the two groups defenitely is more violent atleast in germany , you might have crazy leftist tho in bulgaria so idk haha, 
  the us did not only help dictators exist they event destroyed democracies to get dictators in there if the democracy did stuff they did n't like ( like the iranians with their secular democracy in the 50s trying to nationalise oil to pay for public healthcare and a good social system , the oil that the brits still claimed to own for whatever reason ) , so yes that to was part of the problem ... 
  i mean in the same region there used to be a secular democratically elected president in iran , which seems to be something stable , then the us did n't like him and installed the shah back sooooooo ... does n't seem like you are correct ... 
  i mean its pretty easy to critizise america from the sidelines when your own generals admit that if you had just stood on the sidelines instead of invading iraq isis would n't even exist ... 
  is n't it kinda stupid to leave them alone after fucking it up so much already ? 
  i mean iran even used to have a democratically elected secular leader b4 we started this whole shit ... : /, 
  maybe you should stop destabilising the middle east ? 
  afterall isis and this current disaster would n't have been a thing if you went in for revenge and because god apparently told bush to invade ... 
  grobatig please but yes !, 
  we actually do currently have some right wing politicians that want germany to be big again , the whole . 
  look at the poor germans that got thrown out of the eastern territory of which certainly not a single one could have ever been a nazi , lets make poland give us east prussia back !, 
  narrative still has some ears : / note btw that i think the whole killing thousands of germans by making them walk out of eastern prussia and taking that land thing was inhumane and really fucking stupid , but trying to get the land back now that other people live there , so effectively doing the same to them would be even more stupid right now sooo yea ... 
  wiat was n't there just recently a statistic released by the bka that showed that there has not been any significant rise in crime in germany due to refuggees ? 
  but okay then , the guy that still thinks climate change does n't exist despite every credible source telling him it does , does n't need facts i guess lol, 
  has been too long since i heard a similiar phrase as that ,
