  i mean ... we do , as far as i know we have n't broken any rules yet :0 then again i assume we all shut down and explode the second we break a rule intentionally , or maybe start wwiii noone exactly knows what would happen :0, 
  you do n't get them handed to you , atleast in germany many of them have a smartphone ( older generation smartphone but still smartphone ) when coming here , this is because the smartphone is more important their , it serves as a replacement for the computer , in places in africa where they do n't have the ability to use normal phones in many places ( because the government sucks ) private smartphone companies are selling them relatively cheaply so this is our only way for fast long distance communication . 
  basically in these countries if you ever want to be doing anything then you need a smartphones , which is why families that barely have a house and enough food invest into buying one of these as it is an investment into their and their childrens future . 
  if then one of your family members has to leave due to the war , you give him the smartphone ( better if you have two so you have one for yourself and he can take one ) as it is immensely usefull in the journey , therefor raising the successrate !, 
  once they get here we let them keep them , i mean you would aggree , that just taking theirs phones away from them ofr no real reason would be kinda stupid , right ? 
  so to get back to your point !, 
  if you were living in finnland , and you have a smartphone , then a war breaks out in finnland and you flee for asylum to germany , you get ... to keep that smartphone you already have , pretty fucking awesome is n't it ? 
  not too many , we are still taking them in , we are just monitoring them at our border and then sending them to different places in germany , its not too many but they are too concentrated ( only a few of the big cities get them ) and therefor too fast for those small areas !, 
  we will still take everyone that desserves asylum we will just make sure that they stay in more than just one place in germany :0, 
  what does the update say ? 
  no , it does n't change anything , no matter if you think there is a takeover or not , it does n't matter who posts it . 
  your point right now was more a general point about takeovers , what i 'm saying , is that if you go to srs and troll and say you need to take / r/europe over , it is as valid as if someone who actually wants to take / r/europe over posts on srs and says the same thing , literally nothing has changed ... 
  wait a second , ruin 88 ? 
  i only know one meaning behind 88 and thats the nazi one , could you please elaborate on other ones ? 
  how does it matter who wrote it ? 
  the people who read it and act on it are still the same , so it does n't matter if it was some troll writing it or not . - . 
  yes , because it does n't matter who wrote it , only because it was some troll writing it does n't mean it did n't have the same effect as if someone else had written it . - . 
  we did n't we said we wo n't change the laws about asylum no matter how many come , this was a response to violent neonazis ... 
  so yea ... 
  yo what did he write ? 
  but if we ca n't create a clear picture of the evil enemy based on minorities within them , what should we do with our free time ? 
   unless you shoot at them theres no way you can force them back . 
  or what else did you mean with that comment ? 
  so you are advocatin to shoot at refuggess ... good to know, 
  we are still taking them in , just slower and more orderly , the main problem is n't the number but how all of them in a very short time go to just a few cities , these measurements have been taking to prevent that !, 
  we are still taking them in so yea ... edit : why the downvotes , what i said was correct ? 
  if not please correct me , or is it just because i do n't aggree that evil refuggees are trying to kill all germans and germans are evil nazis sending evil refuggees too poor countries ? 
  i mean what we could be doing now is what you wanted , we follow dublin iii which means all of them are going to be dumped back into hungrary , idk if you 'd like that all that much tbh , but sure , we can also accept the whole `` everyones problem but me '' mentality everyone seems to have ... 
  so now we are evil if we just follow the dublin aggreement ? 
  we are evil if we take them in and want a common approach , and we are evil if we do what everyone else does and do the dublin approach , what should we do ? 
  the ones i know are in german , but there might be special ones in english i do n't know sorry, 
  how , and how do you deal with the ones that are alrady here ? 
  so we should forcibly kick out people with a valid claim for asylum ? 
  yea no , i asked for a reasonable solution , but hey give it another try !, 
  i completely aggree !, 
  also do n't forget that one of the main reasons ( atleast according to the german sources and interviews i read ) , we are doing this whole border thing right now , is not the number of them overall but how many come in how short a time and just a few key cities in germany , like there are a few cities in germany that take in a waaaaay unrealistic percentage of them ( munich takes in like 1/3 to 1/2 half of all new arrivals right now or something ) , so thats one of the main problems , not the amount but how they do n't spread all over but stay in some key areas !, 
  what is your idea then , and why are quotas horrible ? 
  the problem actually is thta its not `` all across the country '' the big problem is that it is all in concentrated areas , munich takes care of like 1/3 -1 / 2 of asylum seekers coming here or something crazy , the big problem we face right now is not the number , but that speed they arrive in at certain concentrated areas , which is why i think these border controls will only be here to redirect them to other parts of the country that do n't take in as many refuggees !, 
  how is it germanys fault ? 
  tell me what should we do now ? 
  no it is not , it is one of the sub clauses of schengen that you can for a limited time reinstate border control if you need to ... 
  but yea its easier to just simple blame evil germany that wants to have quotas so that greece and italy and hungrary do n't have to take in all of them , because they are evil and mean :0, 
  i disaggree , i think what will happen is that we have border control , screen all the aslyum seekers coming here , then we redirect them to different places in germany , the problem is n't the number but how they concentrate or a few key cities , atleast thats what politicians are saying . 
  i do n't think germany would ever completely close the border or stop taking refuggees in !, 
  thats what germany has been proposing for quite some time now :0 tho to be fair we used to be one of those countries sitting idly by and just watching so its not like we are perfect or anything lol, 
  we can , the problem is n't the number but that they in a very short time come to very few places in germany , munich basically takes like half of the incoming asylum seekers , all that come from the south or south east , this is the problem here !, 
  the border control will most likely be there so we can check them and then send them to different cities in germany so that there is no one single cities that has to take them all in and collapse , kinda like how the quota idea on a european level is supposed to work !, 
  well they did n't think that they would all concentrate on a few key cities but rather spread out from different entry points !, 
  this measure is there so we can redirect them to different parts of germany most likely !, 
  what would be your solution ? 
  or what was hungrarys solution ? 
  defy international law and not let asylum seekers enter europe ? 
  if you come from an `` inferior '' school system here you can go to extra schools that teach you what you need and then give you a test at the end if you pass that you can go to university !, 
  i would think that that is the way he would go !, 
  there is also a pretty big project going on right now , its an online university , where every refuggee can go , they can complete the tests ( one university in berlin even gives them part of their campus ) , it is all paid for by crowdfunding ( tho each student costs them like only 300 bucks while the state pays something like 15k $ on each `` normal '' student ) , and after 4 semesters if they passed everything they can start with the 5th semester at one of ( until now ) 15 partner universities , who provide the questions aswell as what the students have to learn . 
  this way refuggees can start their education without having to wait like 50 years for all the neccessary paperwork to be done !, 
  i quite like this idea , it gives a great opportunity for them to integrate and be usefull for society by studying !, 
  ( it is mostly engineering aswell as computer science courses from what i remember , two things that are very much needed in germany ! ), 
  awesome ama seems like a good person , i hope he can soon try and go to university !, 
  afterall he is working already aswell as learning the language which is pretty dope =d, 
  actually fertility rates of immigrants in germany are all going towards the german norm , soooo yea they are all getting closer and closer to haveing as no children as we are !, 
  :0 also if you want , i will bet all my live savings against all your live savings that germans wo n't be the minority in 2 decades haha, 
  wait what you are saying does n't make any sense to me , why would the `` haushalt '' for this year include money we will get in a few years ( if they pay it back ) or how much we spend next year ? 
  can you provide sources cuz that is kinda puzzling !, 
  so if we assume that the haushalt for this year only is about the money we get and spend this year we have 10 billion surplus , now you ask were do we get 6 billion from to spend on refuggees , well we get it from the 10 billion surplus we made this year , no ? 
  uhh sure , you should try hiding your xenophobic agenda better next time tho , you are a bit too obvious there =d also one of the bonusses you get from that is that we can `` breed '' with women of other ethnicities aswell !, 
  right now i am breeding with an asian and i have to say i do n't dislike that too much :0, 
  after !, 
  5th to 6th century is when we cam saw and raped i believe !, 
  i do on a frequent basis , and i see a lot of hate about foreigners etc. 
  the mods do n't really ban all that much , they even unbanned a shitton , so yea give me specific examples and not just your general `` feeling '' because thats bullshit that stems from a victim complex you people seem to have , 
  i honestly do n't care , but i guess this is a great thing for the right to be angry about , because beeing angry at people that look different is fun or something ... 
  seriously tho , there a much better and constructive things to channel your anger towards , you should try it :0, 
  before or after we raped them ? 
  i think thats his point , their skin colour ( notice the u ? 
  :d ) does n't matter to him so he is okay with it , a sentiment i would aggree with !, 
  that means they speak more languages than the average brit , yea pretty impressive stuff i have to aggree =p, 
  specific examples please , i do n't want any of your victim complex shit =d, 
  where did she destroy germany ? 
  i mean i do n't like her all that much really , but honestly idk how we are destroyed , we even made a budget surplus this year thanks to the greeks suffering for our benefit !, 
  uhhhh ... * hides everything * no :0 i 'm actually just poor pls help !, 
  here is the first one i found , if you want i can give you more : http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/12/15/us-bulgaria-gas-southstream-iduskbn0jt1ni20141215, 
  it is just a joke , i know the us is super politically correct but in germany we love making very dark jokes , see the part that is fun about the joke is acting as if you behaved normal while making a super dark statement this disconnect between reality and what is beeing said is funny . 
  as an example , a british friend of mine told me , he was visiting germany for the first time , and he was in cologne i think it was , and a german friend of him was showing him around the town and he was talking about the town and everything , and then they come to the modern part of the city , and the german goes : `` you see there used to be beautiful old houses standing right here , but you folks bombed them all away ! '', 
  with a completely normal friendly expression !, 
  what the brit later realised was that the german was making a dark joke and was enjoying how flustered he was , making uncomfortable horrible statements that are completely gone from reality is just one of the sub categories of our jokes !, 
  thos from my experience russian humor is even darker haha jokes about the holocaust etc. 
  or other dark stuff are pretty common when with friends , same in the netherlands from my opinion , we just usually never say anything when foreigners are around since they get offended/don ' t understand it get angry or call us nazis way too easily =p and lastly for you personal information , i am pretty left , i also help organise events for refuggee and locals to get to know eachother over some cake and coffee so that the refuggees can practice german and integrate better while the locals understand the refuggees better and loose some prejudice they might have !, 
  ohh sorry that i did n't take your insult seriously :(, 
  but that is not an inherent trait of the national socialist ideology which is what my comment was about , what is going on in here on the hand ... 
  yea kinda funny how poland has quite a strong nationalistic scene after experiencing first hand what it can do to you :0 maybe they need another round , 
  i 'm tired okay ; - ; i had hard w\u00f6rk the entire day , fending off evil refuggees trying to steal my insurance or something !, 
  not really , slogans like these are hugely unpopular in germany , something this krass is not at all supported by the majority here  but ofcourse the right wing extremists always say they speak for a silent majority thats just too afraid of evil !, 
  just like we saved you from that horrible jewish infestation huh ? 
  * you guy , 
  i mean the idea is that we all cooperate on different things so that in the end everyone can have some good stuff !, 
  like how you dislike that we build the nordstream ( eventhough germany was one of the countries pushing the most for the south stream that would have benefitted you and only decided to build the nordstream after noone wanted a southstream anymore , but this part gets often forgotten ) , and you are angry at us because we do n't want to pay you or something like that , we do n't like that you do n't want to share the burden of refugees !, 
  i think some level of cooperation and both sides giving in is something that has to be done in a union :0, 
  completely the other way around as in germany :0, 
  holy shit , this is more entertaining than the pegida idiots , you guys are hardcore wow but seriously polan , please do n't turn into evil nazi ; - ; or wait !,
