  football hoolingans got more aggressive , more refuggees and both the leftwing and rightwing gets more aggressive towards police, 
  well more or less optional according to my american friends when i was going to highschool , but sure yea, 
  boohoo go back jerking to your ugly little flag , making kids sing to it in the classroom every morning but quit your whining , 
  what do you expect from / r/the _ donald ? 
  i remember one ted cruz speech , where they changed all the mentions of god etc. 
  with allah , sounded somewhat similiar to a middle eastern preacher, 
  the look of the flag does n't matter , blind patriotism or nationalism is the problem , not the symbols used , if a fascist party used the peace symbol to gather and rally supporters for idiocy it would be the same as another symbol, 
  what are these values and that culture and how is it represented in the modern us of today ? 
  i want to hear concrete reasons , and does it make you proud ? 
  if so why ? 
  what did you do to feel proud about what the nation is about , you most likely have done close to nothing for that . 
  xd i got banned from there for not aggreeing with the overall rethoric !, 
  literally it was for a comment saying that germany is n't a warzone yet and that our crime statistics are actually better than the us ( they have a 4 times higher murder rate i.e. ), 
  tis is the freedom of speech the rightwing/far-right promises, 
  i get annoyed by it by now , because every few days someone ( normally american ) posts it somewhere without context ... 
  waving the flag would have been seen as celebrating and although a victory was certain this shot was a few hours before they officially won the election so she did n't want to appear self congratulatory ( which was one of the reasons schr\u00f6der lost to her ) , also to a lot of germans ( me included ) waving a little baby flag like that looks absolutely retarded ... 
  holy shit , the s\u00fcddeutsche zeitung dropped a fucking bomb with that one o_o, 
  what ? 
  they did n't pull that one , thats perfectly fine satire ... 
  they pulled this one : https://vimeo.com/161212899, 
  i find your lack of understanding the situation to be disturbing ... 
   sued my ass , ever heard of free expression and satire ? 
  b\u00f6hmi explicitly states that this video is n't satire and that what he will do is illegal , so no this is slander which you can be sued for, 
  saying someone is the star in every gangbang , is a goatfucker , is a pedophile that watches childpornographie , loves killing kurds etc. 
  is mild compared to calling someone a nazi ? 
  i mean ... is n't that obvious he even has a bavarian flag ... 
  `` because the answer will just bore you , its all thanks to the boom in the 50s and the government investing into gold at that time using the surplus for that '', 
  it was the same with one of his other recent videos , where on one hand he made fun of police ( especially the line : '' always friendly and correct '' while they were kicking a guy lying on the ground against a wall and turn and smile to the camera ) and portrayed them negatively , meanwhile it also did the opposite and showed some good sides !, 
  the result was that we had the strangest outcries from both sides , saying `` he is portraying the police like a bunch of angel but there is police brutality and a lot of problems '' aswell as '' he is portraying the police like the devils but policement are nice people in general and super helpfull '' thats what i liked about these two :d, 
  generally pretty decent documentaries at that !, 
  read kant you cunt !, 
   it makes sense . 
  i would say that i very rarely feel unsafe in the us ; polls suggest a lot more us women feel unsafe compared to german atleast , also you crime levels are quite a bit higher , especially violent crime ( almost 4 times the murder rate ) , so id still choose a small european country , tho i do really like the us as a place and the people there, 
  and the nsu killings havent stopped recently another nsu witness died , something really is wrong here , but people are too preoccupied with muslims, 
  really ? 
  i do n't know a single one , our crime rate is only slightly higher than poland , our biggest terrorist groups are rightwing terrorist still ( meaning they target brown people not ethnic germans most of the time ) , and our economy and standard of living is polands multiplied by quite a bit , so yea do n't know a single person that would give up their high standard of living just because they are a tiny bit more likely to die as result of crime, 
  can you just do that willy-nilly without loosing reputation or trustworthyness ? 
  lol as if political correctness was a big thing in germany ... also are u seriously saying his coworker getting harassed for beeing brown is a good thing because fuck political correctness ? 
  what the fuck even, 
  indeed !, 
  i remembered it as sigmar gabriels proposal from the spd as a whole , but i might be wrong, 
  but one does n't seem to be the cause of the other , the money they spent on military does n't prevent them from getting better healthcare reforms , infact the us gov spents more on healthcare be capita than western european nations , so the fact they are n't taking care of their people seems to be less about the money spent on military but more about incompetence !, 
  if you do n't expect us to follow you into the next stupid war you start ( in the scenario that your spending is lower and ours is higher ) , then i do n't have too big of a problem with that, 
  well this is good news , lets hope sigmar gabriels plan for investment into internet infrastructure gets green-light aswell and everything is gon na be awesome :d, 
  i mean its not like shows like die anstalt ( also on public broadcasster ) called sch\u00e4uble : `` wheelchair g\u00f6bbels '' for his handling of the greek-crisis or critizise make fun of virtually everything merkel does truly our public broadcasters shackle their shows to always be pro-government , the agony !!, 
  he is a guy that completely show jon stewartss format and managed to make it completely unfunny : /, 
  please do n't judge all of us for this show , they ahve to entertain their demographic ( which with them beeing on the zdf is probably 80yo people that have nothing better to do ) i personally do n't know a single person that watches and likes that show, 
  i 'm not at all in a `` religion is so horrible bad '' phase , otherwise i would hate islam , i do n't care what religion anyone has , but it is hard to argue that the church was n't opposed to a lot of philosophie etc. 
  that we now have as the basis of our values/culture , which is only understandable the church wanted to solidify its power the vatican , the protestants , they all fought hard against secularised interpretations because that would mean less power for them, 
  but we ca n't do that without an aggreement with turkey since turkey is n't a third safe country , meaning we would have to break all kinds of international aggreements , and in general international aggreements favour our countries which is why we want to keep them to profit off of them . 
  also turkey is only able to take care of about 2/3 of their current refuggees meaning that 1/3 of them are n't getting and food etc. 
  they would n't have come if the situation in the refuggee camps in lebanon etc. 
  would n't have been so atrocious but noone wanted to pay for that so now we have this fucking problem on our hands, 
  enloightenment , humanitarianism etc. 
  all the shit we got by kicking christianity in the ass , 
  ofcourse not , they are just a fucking building but okay if you want to freak out whenever you see something new thats totally your thing, 
  my guilt ? 
  should n't a solution always be the best for all the parties ( eu countries ) involved ? 
  what does that have to do with guilt ? 
  they were coming in huge numbers ( enough so that greece was facing a humanitarian big enough that it was investigated if sending refuggees to greece was a violation of our constitution ) , infact merkel said her stupid line one or two months after the term `` refugge crisis '' was first used to describe the situation , so what you say is based off of incorrect information, 
  well that is n't my view , my view is that everyone can present solutions and we should choose the one that has the biggest positive/tiniest negative for the biggest amount of people . 
  i do however think that the solution of just closing all your borders so that greece and italy get totally utterly fucked and ruined , is not a good solution and is not working together , it is infact shifting all the burden onto one or two members of the unions but ofcourse you know better what i or germans in general think , since all brits always presume to know all about continental europe looking down from their high horse , 
   you ca n't work together with a member of a religion whose majority believes in killing apostates . 
  uhhhhh what ? 
  i was talking about european countries working together ? 
  i do n't think its any more biased than the comment i replied to , no ? 
  i do n't see the double standards , unless europeans ca n't apply for asylum everyone is treated the same, 
  i mean if you want to apply for asylum there you probably can aswell , soooo why not try it ? 
  i imagine living in a room with 3 other refuggees must be the wildest adventure of your live :d, 
  we should , we should do the same with churches, 
   they 're not familiar with opposition , concensus or compromise . 
  do you know anything about the brd and its history ? 
  disregarding the greatest achieveents of your culture in order to `` fight '' a threat instead of working together seems pretty right wing to me :d, 
  i mean outside off of the official camps in whatever they can ( like homeless people basically ) because turkey does n't provide any assistance to those outside of the camps , and all the camps are full, 
  i used to live right next to a church , every morning 7am the bells would start ringing . 
  thank god i sleep like a stone , nothing can wake me up :d, 
  currently iirc . 
  the turkish camps are completely full and like half of the refuggees in turkey live in the streets since turkey ca n't / wont take care of them , then again the number they take care of is still bigger than almost all of the eu combined sooo ehh, 
  i tried to be very clear that i was talking about two aspects of the party , and since op was wondering about the party moving to the right , i was explaining why this might be happening and the ideas of the right wing of the party , i stated a few times that in western states its not gone as far as this ( yet ) i 'm sorry if i was n't clear enough or if my post appears to be too one-sided that was not my intention  but if the afd wants to become sucessful , they have to get rid of the most extreme people . 
  and that is the problem , the extremist elements are super profiting of the current political situation and are the most vocal parts , unlike with the greens and the paedophiles the extremists of the afd are currently in the perfect position to grab even more power within the party , which is why i think it will be extremely difficult to shed the afd of the extremist wing, 
  i do n't know much about any of those other than ukip and i 'd say that while in wetern germany the afd can be at the same position they are , in eastern germany they can also be far more right . 
  atleast i do n't remember hearing ukip talk about shooting at refuggees , making schools require kids to teach a patriotic image of the country , getting rid of sex ed , denying global warming etc. 
  the party is in a very weird state , and who knows maybe the parts in the west win and they become like the cdu from the 90 's , but the last time they could choose between a more moderate or a more extreme version of their party , they choose to kick out the old guard ( that were mostly concerned about economy stuff and leaving the eu ) and make the rightwing of the previous version of the afd , now center or even leftwing of it , the leading part , and the current leadership is facing trouble from the right once again . 
  so maybe they go further into the right and when that happens ( them actually becoming synonymous with the npd ) into obscurity , or maybe they turn that whole shit around , does n't look good right now tho also the last move to the right , as this current one might not be a strategic one , you should remember that their most hardcore most vocal base is the far right aspect of that party , so it can happen that party basically gets dragged to the far right by them , not making a smart desicion with lots of infigting etc. 
  you can just not go to a dentist , and your right/whatever ends when it infringes on someone elses rihts , however a baby has no choice but to get circumsized if the parents choose that for them . 
  i 'm all for circumcision if you want it , if its your own choice , but not as a baby, 
  the problem with the npd is that they were/are too open about beeing nazis , when their party members openly in interviews says : `` i ca n't talk about the holocaust we do n't ahve freedome here , also jews are behind everything '' it becomes super obvious to everyone what is going on . 
  however the afd is ( depending on the state , in eastern states they do show their xenophobia and racist tendencies relatively openly ) much much smarter about this , they do n't go full out on the rethorik , use enough to get the fringe right on their side , but at the same time not enough to make it too obvious for uninformed voters , or for voters that do n't admit to themselfs what they want/think . 
  there are people that fully aggree with a lot of the more hardcore afd stuff the afd says ( their whole schtick about the evil leftist , the whole volksverr\u00e4ter schtick they have going on , rassenlehre mit herrn h\u00f6cke etc. 
  ) , that are 90-100 % to npd ideas ( again not saying evverything since there still is a difference eventhough it gets smaller by the day , but i 'm talking about the more hardcore position they have in the more hardcore states no in i.e. 
  baw\u00fc ) , but would never vote for npd because they are not a fascist/racist/nazi / xenopobe whatever and they know the npd are but when someone else with the same ideas comes around they are happy to vote for them . 
  so the political sense in the afd moving to the right , is basically giving legitimacy to the far right in germany which the nsdap for historical reasons kinda ruined , and then the npd continued to ruin out of sheer stupidity/incompetence atleast that my take on it , i hope that makes sense !, 
  so one should also never have been allowed to build a skyscraper since at one point in time they were allien to the skylines of european cities ? 
  no new buildings !!!, 
  everything must be stagnant and never change !, 
  well the whole kinda nothing should/will ever change stance kinda fits with the parties opinion on climate change i guess , 
  in favor of ban of circumcision for babys , if you are older ( lets say 16 ) then you should be able to get circumsized of your own free will but doing that to a baby is fucking horrible . 
  tho sadly the anti-semite card will be played by the whole world if germany attempts this . 
  i do however disaggree with the banning of minarets , they are religious buildings sure , but i do n't see a problem with that , we do n't ban the constrution of new churches ( old ones would be cultural heritage , new ones are n't ) , and we also do n't forbid them to ring the bells so the noise complaint also is n't a viable on imo, 
  oh yea lets try to become like tsarist russia , such a great country !,
