  was n't britain not allowing the us or canada to help in india , and were n't those famines happening very quickly one after another basically whenever india got a bit of a backbone ? 
  it looks pretty intentional when reading some of the shit prime ministers said the the americans etc. 
  because its a somewhat funny video , that is somewhat important as we have seen a similiar narrative on here , it also makes fun of the yellow press , even many people with similiar opinions seem to like that , 
  is that why we make so many nazi/holocaust jokes when foreigners are n't around ? 
  i almost wanted to write super aryan and then post this : http://i.stack.imgur.com/wbzul.jpg, 
  you know that was not actual sustainable growth , right ? 
  that was the prices falling quicker than wages , which will look to the unexperienced like actual growth for a small amount of time , eventhough it is just another sign of how bad the situation actually is , 
  thats how we train to become even more super human !, 
  i think you just get used to it after the 80th nazis joke , meanwhile our glorious saviors of the world generally get a lot of praise for their nation ( mostly from other americans , since they make up a huge portion of the english speaking internet sites ! ), 
  ohh there are some break-ins still tho , i just personally understand the need to kill someone over a tv , if someone wants to break in to steal my tv , i let them and then have the insurance get a new one for me and wait till he gets caught , if i move down i might end up killing him or he might end up killing me , both are outcomes that i do n't really want to happen to be honest ... 
  if i am looking at both different versions , one is where i end up with less stuff for a bit of time ( b4 i get it back through insurance etc. ), 
  and one is where i might not end up with stuff stolen , but also a person might die ... 
  if i compare the two scenarios one looks defenitely way better . 
  atleast thats why i never understood all the home defense acts or castle doctrine or whatever , 
  they still do ? 
  i only remember the raf , the left has gotten kinda quiet in terms of big attacks compared to the nazis , and that in the country that invented marxism , what a shame :0 ( / s btw ), 
  references to nazism do n't have to be removed anymore ( actually they never had to be other than nazi symbols , you can still talk about it and let them act like it , but now even nazi symbols etc. 
  are allowed , renaming the nazis in videogames is therefor something developers do because they think it will piss germans of if they do n't or whatever ) as video games are now officially classified as an art form in germany and therefor can show whatever they want if you see any censoring of nazi symbols etc , in videogames from now on , it was thanks to the developers own desicion and not because of any law saying so , 
  and correct , statistically speaking there has only been one mass shooting done by immigrants and lots by germans without an immigrant history , therefor the statistics are on savannajeffs side = 3, 
  german bashing ? 
  i mostly see greek bashing on here , mostly from germans too ... you sir might have a victim complex ala republican o_o, 
  and americans only know 3 different types of jokes apparently =p, 
  aaaannnnd its gone :(, 
  yea because the lenders always acted super trustworthy and its only the greek side that destroyed trust hahaha suuuure, 
  you know ... we could have just let our own banks take the hit because they did bad investments , but no the people must pay for it i guess ... 
  you mean like merkel ? 
  have you ever watched how she governs , she is a populist through and through ... 
  so because they do bad shit in their media while their country burns , we should be doing equally bad shit with our media while their country burns ? 
  we have a way to strong narrative here in germany that seems to follow the bilds lead , its honestly kinda disgusting me : /, 
  yes , this is a problem like the gold standard in the early 20th century was , in the end it all crashed and burned :(, 
  well from my experience it does , here this was run by `` die welt '' : http://www.welt.de/wirtschaft/article143592747/endlich-verlaesst-der-grosse-brandstifter-die-buehne.html it says : finally the big arsonist leaves the stage !, 
  stuff like this is pretty common here , heck there is so much build up rethorik , its utterly disgusting . 
  but ofcourse there are also some that are trying to present a fair and balanced picture and some that try to present a pro greece picture , but the majority and especially the big newssources like the tabloid `` bild '' `` welt '' etc. 
  are very anti-greece and extremely anti-varoufakis ... 
  adenauer did n't do much wrong , or are you talking about brand ? 
  xd i should have been more specific , with `` we '' i meant the ez as a whole , since i kinda see us as a big community , sorry for not beeing clear enough , i think all parties involved fucked up in some way . 
  and i would also hope that the conversation should be about what to do , i just found all this uber-defensiveness and greek blaming from the german side to be annoying , exactly because i would rather have the conversation about what to do , 
  with we i meant ez as a collective , because yes greece fucked up , but also ... yes the rest of the ez fucked up lol, 
  ohh i never said that you could only blame the us ? 
  if i was to advocate for people to tell citizens of countries about their countries fuck-ups that would ofcourse include the eu , germany etc. 
  but also the us ofcourse , i actually think a reminder sometimes is n't bad ( i 'm just against how angry and aggressiv it was by the other user ) , and as you pointed out almost no nation is above that , and maybe thats even helpfull to remember that your nation is n't somehow perfect or anything and that there is always room to improve , 
  good god the germans in this thread are defensive ... also , this makes me really angry , we fucked the whole thing up so much , i do n't even know if there is any even half decent outcome of this whole catastrophic mess :(, 
  while i do n't fully aggree with the whole constantly calling out , if i were to aggree i would say that probably `` recent '' stops after the country has changed the way it acts i.e. 
  not doing very similiar stuff to the war crimes etc. 
  in the last 5-10 years , but thats just my opinion =d, 
  while i strongly advocate for helping the greeks because of morals and compassions ( well and real economic reasons =p ) , i may be to cynical or too german to think that love or compassion had anything to do with it , and what does that even mean for poland , did everyone just hate them , and not have enough wars when the germans marched in and did horrible things and later when the soviets took complete control and do horrible things ? 
  no this was a move to stop communism from spreading aswell as get the communist alliance to get weaker ( thats one of the primary inecntives for the marshall plan as it was supposed to show how much better the western side was , thats why it was also offered to the eastern states ) , this was a political move . 
  do n't get me wrong i 'd love it if you were right , but sadly i do n't think the world works that way no matter how much i want it : /, 
  everyone else is following them ? 
  i remember my government openly just not giving a fuck going over limits and not having to face any repocussions lol this truly does not seem to be a union of equals lol, 
  not the current one i do n't think , i mean they did n't fix it , thats for sure they did n't do aswell as i hoped , but damn are they trying atleast , varoufakis is trying to play this dangerous game to his best ability to somehow get something for the greek people out of it , and i really hope it works , because pictures like this will get more and more common and the whole situation is just completely fucked up and terrible !, 
  it is not good that the ez makes a point here , the completely situation was completely mismanaged from the start ( as has been admitted by imf etc. ), 
  and now because it would cost too much political will of the home populace the ez countries politicians take a hardcore stance against greece who are in this much to their own fault yes , but the misamanagement just made it worse and the greek population has to suffer ... 
  in your own analogy that would be like a somewhat spoiled kid fucking up , then you punch it in the face to teach it to be better , break its nose and when it starts bleeding and crying you do n't go to the doctor/get it treated because now you have to take a hardcore stance against the kid for behaving horribly and `` hurting itself '' , and thats seriously fucked up , 
  while i aggree with the whole negatiating with people that care more for politics than reality and a good solution , i would n't call them idiots as this is what keeps them in their job , it is more of a systematic error than the fault of their stupidity , they are just playing the game in their own best interest . 
  also merkel is not part of the negotiations she has placed the finance minister with full power over the negotiations for germany , this could be because she trusts him so much but knowing merkel is just a move so she can deflect blame if anything goes wrong , 
  to be fair tho , most `` us vs them '' mentality i noticed during this whole fiasco was from europeans who were really angry at greeks , its not fair to paint this as just greeks beeing unreasonable and seeing us as enemies !, 
  just like the pro gay marriage christians have n't read the bible ? 
  i personally do n't really care about that , may they believe what they believe aslong as noone gets harmed , btw thats my stance on all ideologies , no just islam or christianity or judaism =d, 
  there was a study that showed that like 50-60 % of germans do n't believe a god exists , but more than that identify with one religion , there are surprisingly many that just see the religion as like a cultural and moral guidebook ( ofcourse they only pick out the positive stuff they like ) , soo many think : ohh loving thy neighbour etc. 
  sounds really good , thats why i still identify as christian because i want to follow these awesome guidelines !, 
  oh god i remember all those pegida threads in here or worldnews , where everyone wanted to tell me how pegida is a great awesome movement that has support everywhere in germany , and how we finally take a standa gainst evil muslims o_o that was quite ... the experience !, 
  sadly its not a big issue here anymore , most people think that the partnerships are enough for now ( as they are as far as i know completely identical for everthiny other than adoption , which to be fair is a big fucking deal for a gay couple wanting kids ) , so they do n't see much difference and want different `` more important '' stuff to change first , whatever that may be , in theory something like 80 % + of germans are for it , but it is sadly just not a priority :(, 
  i mean ... sure , but they did n't do anything , this is just a letter from the headteacher . - . 
  also , if a country gives arms to various rebel groups that are occupied with infighting , then it is not aid anymore , but the cause of the state of that country ... or something like that =d, 
  you know ... 
  evil !, 
  d = but seriously some of the comments here are just sick , acting as if this school had refugees raping girls or whatever ... yea right ... : /, 
  i aggree and that is why a statement such as : the germans are n't racists . 
  is way to generalising ... 
  i 'm not sure you can draw such a strong conclusion from this things maybe it 's cuz i 'm from bavaria but i do see racists , way too much , yes it is not the case ( thankfully ) that people are for open segregation of people with other ethnic background , however lets not kid ourselfs into thinking racism magically died in germany ... 
  on this sub ? 
  not anymore , almost every single one of these conversatoins is full of comments that are extremely angry and aggressiv , many more left/liberal people ( me most times included ) have just given up going here and trying to discuss since you get shouted down and spammed and insulted if you actually try to have a conversation , 
  so we should send people that are fleeing oppression and might face torture or exectution etc. 
  back to that those places they are fleeing from ? 
  i really dislike that idea , maybe its because i 've personally not had bad experiences with refugees , heck a good friend of mine is one from africa and is now getting his master here , but it seems to go against what i thought were european principles to do that kinda thing : /, 
  does n't that have to do with islam beeing the biggest religion in many parts of the world that are `` behind the times '' iirc there are christian terrorists in bad parts of africa and china aswell , it seems to be more like its a socio-economic problem and that the religion most dominant in these areas is just used as a tool for extremism but not the cause itself , 
  but the joke goes against the imf and not the greek , thats like making fun of all the `` heretics '' and then beeing like , well now muslims wo n't storm in here , it does n't make any sense at all ... 
  not really , because the polish death camps , does n't talk about the victims beeing polish ( which actually was n't exclusively the case , the nazi 's shipped jews and cripples and commies etc. 
  from all over europe to the death camps in poland ) , but about the geography , thats why in german in makes sense to call them polish death camps to differentiate them from the other kz in places like dachau ( dachauer concentration camp , eventhough the community of dachau hardly came up with the idea of building kz 's and killing people all by themselfs ) , calling them jewish death camps would only make sense in german if there was a geographical location called jew and the nazis/germans build death camps there !, 
  i 'd personally think so , but it seems like thats not the case . 
  i mean i can understand why they get this annoyed by just the possibility of it meaning that it were the polish people operating these . 
  you see they fear that if uneducated people hear about this , they might actually start believing that the polish population were the nazis , this ofcourse is horrible for a country that prides itself on the very very small percentage of people that actually helped the nazis !, 
  yes , tho they do n't get talked about much here since the most important ones are the ones in germany ( well more specifically the local one , because of your places history ) and the ones in poland because those were the most prominent extermination camps while most others where work camps ( purpose was to kill people , but you let them die through starving them and overworking , instead of gassing them , so the french concentration camps are very similiar to the local ones and therefor do n't get mentioned as much ) so yes , we do , but they are less talked about than the local one and the ones in poland ( for me that is , dachau and the ones in poland ), 
  if there were death camps in israel , then yes you could , since the nazis never build death camps in israel , no you could n't ... 
  not really since they would use it to educate the public which makes it legal !, 
  i 'm defenitely not aggreeing with him , since i personally would call it german death camps etc. , but if you look at direct support then i would take the elections and in the last free election ( there was a fake one after that aswell ) the nazis got a bit more than a third of the vote and were rapidly falling compared to earlier since the end of the economic crisis ( economic hardship radicalising people and such ) , so with that you still would n't have a majority . 
  now something that was defenitely in the majority was people not going against them , people just tried to ignore it mostly ... like people knew stuff was going on and that there was really bad stuff ( atleast thats what i gathered from my grandpa ) and were sometimes thinking like : `` shit i hope the allies behave better than us '' or `` i hope we win because this will end really badly '' etc. 
  but people tried to not really find out what was exactly going on so they could ignore it better . 
  that said , i still would call them german death camps rather than nazi death camps cuz thats what they are , 
  from what i gathered , in polish , `` polish deathcamps '' can only mean that it was operated by the polish people , while for germans it can also mean that they were in poland geographically , and every sane german is going to use that second ( meaning that they were in poland , not operated by polish people ) interpretation which makes it a normal and okay thing to say , while for polish people as they look at it through their cultural lense ( which every person does all the time ) this can only mean it was the polish populace operating them , this misunderstanding ofcourse leads to understandable anger !, 
  if they were in a country called `` jew '' then that would be perfectly okay in german , but there is no country called jew and there are no concentration camps in it , therefor you ca n't say `` jewish death camps '' , 
  idk if that helps you at all ( probably wo n't ) but i want to say that in german `` polnisches konzentrationslager '' does not really imply that it was build or run or whatever by poles . 
  you can do this , if you have like similiar objects ( death camps run by germans across europe ) that you want to differentiate by location . 
  very bad example but i ca n't come up with anything good , i blame it on the time of day : like a romanian bmw factory , saying that ( atleast in german ) does n't imply that the company owning it is romanian , heck it does n't even say who works there , it just means that it is a bmw factory ( so in this bad example bmw is already in the name , sorry ) that is placed in romania , if the entire work force was chinese ( and afterall its owned by germans so thats not romanian aswell ) you would n't change a thing , sure you could add something later in the sentence or another one , but you 'd still call it a romanian bmw factory !, 
  no you could n't because you talk about an attack which is an action , while the death camps are a place , an example would be , if poland for whatever reason would build something they call the `` wtc '' in detroit ( completely funded by polish government , polish workers working etc. ), 
  you could theoretically call it the detroit wtc ( if there is more than one of it , idk if it works if you only have one , that just seems weird to me ) , to germans when you talk about concentration camps they are german ( most germans do n't even know about british concentration camps etc. 
  ) , so how to distinguish them you say what they were used for ( extermination camps , work camps etc. ), 
  and/or the location . 
  to give an example , the dachauer kz ( dachau 's concentration camp ) , you say that in german eventhough its not like the community dachau had like its own idea to build a concentration camp all by its own and stick gypsies and gays and jews in there , but its where it is at so thats why you call it that way !,
