  maybe the fact that it does n't work is why she has n't tried doing it yet , because well it does n't work which is why its not an obvious solution to the problem lol, 
  i think merkel understands this , which is why she has n't said anything along these lines ( unlike the csu or rightwing parties ) , but now she had to say this bullshit because of pressure from the csu and the rigthwing eventhough it really is n't what she should be focusing on when it comes to dealing with the problem !, 
  deportation rate depends on where they come from , i.e. 
  almost everyone from the balkans ( beteen 30-40 % of arrivals iirc ) gets deported back asap ( they have to take a loan from the government to pay for their own deportation and are on a blacklist from entering the eu aslong as they have n't paid up ) , if they do n't leave on their own again ( most do , you can just take a trainride back ) so 30-40/50 ( beeing between 60-80 % ) get deported , for the rest the number is lower but i do n't remember how low , tho i have n't heard anything about big troubles so thats a good sign . 
  for the ones faking , that was demeziere shouting trying to get political ground ( when he claimed that some percentage of syrians were fake ) , his ministry aswell as different ministries all then had to actually confess that the number is completely made up on the spot by him ( he just wanted to answer to a question and started spouting bullshit ) , the estimated number is really low . 
  this is because if there is any doubt that you are not syrian ( so that with a lot of people ) then you will have to take a test , about the language aswell as the geography specific to the region of syria to claim to be from , if you seem to not know the area you are from , then well you are n't a syrian and wo n't get asylum, 
   even if its hard to accept , there is no such thing as a refugee in germany . 
  they are safe ever since they entered europe , their destination was picked purely for economic reasons . 
  sure but sending them all to greece while greece is collapsing , creating a humanitarian crisis does n't seem to be the solution to that , no ? 
  this is my personal experience aswell helping in a refuggee shelter aswell as doing some german teaching , the most annoying guy was one guy that was too lazy to learn german and did n't properly clean his room ( tho some german students rooms are atleast as messy ) , otherwise me and other people have been treated with respect , and they 've been really thankfull for the opportunity to learn german and the material we provide them with since the state ( bavaria here ) does n't bother buying them anything so they can try and learn and improve at home, 
  i mean according to this thread it can only be because your culture is stuck in the middle ages and you just do n't want to invent stuff !, 
  i mean it ca n't possible be because foreign powers intervened and fucked shit up badly , thats no excuse for the middle east why would it be an excuse for eastern europe ? 
  obviously it can only be because your culture is inferior to the glorious culture of supreme aryan western europeans or some bullshit , 
  money does n't do a whole lot in a war zone, 
  to be fair , mao also had more time , i bet we could beat him !, 
   poland has the right to self-determination and polish politics should be free from foreign influences meddling in them . 
  aslong as they do n't get rid of some of the principles they signed to value when they joined the eu thats all well . 
  also a friendly neighbouring country can show itself concerned about the situation in their neighbouring countries , is n't that exactly what poland is doing right now ? 
  or should they aswell shut up about the whole refuggee thing in germany , because germany has the right to self-determination and poland should just stay quiet no matter what happens ? 
   sorry but is n't that a state religion in the uk , while islam is n't ? 
  sure , but thats still not secular which is what op was talking about, 
  yes but you do n't get days off then , you do however get days off sunday which is the christian one ( sabbath is saturday iirc ), 
   are you guys too sensible when it comes to people sharing their opinions ? 
  hatespeech laws are mostly about incitement for violence , so yea i 'm okay with people not beeing allowed to call for violence against certain groups , sorry, 
   this is a very foreign concept to us . 
  not really tho , your hatespeech laws are somewhat similiar , it is illegal to incite to violence in the us , as is in germany , in germany it is also illegal to attack the human dignity of a group ( calling them subhuman vermin etc. 
  krass things like that , just saying u do n't like muslims is n't anywhere near enough ) , so for the most part the american hatespeech laws are similiar ... 
  so maybe we are doing that ? 
  the majority of germans is totally okay with these laws , as i would assume the majority of americans are okay with the hatespeech laws in the us ( which are very similiar in nature , we kinda copied them and added on phrase about human dignity lol ) but yea sure , all germans are just totally oppressed , i feel so helpless against this super evil government ohhh no !!, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fascism i do n't really see how this is fascism . - . 
  was n't there just recently a statement about deporting the perpetraitors , aswell as calling it unnacceptable and it beeing looked after by the police ? 
  what more do you want ? 
  police storming every asylum home with guns shooting everyone who looks a bit like he could be a perpetraitor ? 
  by whom ? 
  they are center to center left on social issues ( mostly center ) and center right on economic issues , the farthest you could stretch it is calling them center-left but even that is a bit much , they are a center/center-right party , not a left party, 
  this is however in no way hatespeech , critizising the government does n't fall under it . 
  hatespeech is almost exclusively calling for violence against certain groups , however the far right in germany uses the law a lot in their rethorik , so maybe they start believing their own bullshit now , which is kinda funny to me but no you can go out and say whatever you want aslong as you do n't insult the human dignity of a group ( calling them vermin , subhuman , desserving to die , like extreme stuff such as this , simply saying `` i do n't like muslims '' or `` muslims are bad '' would n't qualify ) or call for acts of violence against groups , then you have nothing to fear lol, 
  and hatespeech in germany is defined as : incitement to voilence against groups , or attacks on the human dignity of groups ( which would be in order to makes attacks on them easier since that is how it always starts ) which is almost the same as in the us , but somehow germany doens ' t have free speech and horrible evil hatespeech laws , while the us is the bastion of free speech with no hatespeech laws ( other then the ones that are similiar to the german ones ofcourse ) you clearly have no idea what you are talking about when it comes to german hatespeech laws , so quit your bullshit pleeaasse, 
  so we should stop surpressing islamists preaching in order to get people to fight the holy war , because ofcourse they are correct and our idea of a secular society is just wrong and we know that , which is why we surpress them ? 
  what ? 
  not at all , the nazi party was doing completely okay in weimar there were a ton of anti-demokratik parties , they were all good to go because the weimar constitution did n't have any protections against that ( one of the major resaons we have hatespeech laws now ) . 
  heck hitler coup in bavaria in the 20s , and only got 5 years with the possibility of realease after 6 months ( reasoning was because he thought so german and so v\u00f6lkisch and only wanted the best for the german people , so you ca n't possibly call it high treason which was what this would normally fall under ) , that was a huge problem in weimar , that the courts were super anti-democratic super rightwing , they fucked over everyone leftwing and gave small sentences to the right and extreme right , because they lost a lot of their influence and status when the kaiser had to go . 
  so i do n't really know where you get the bullshit from that hitler was somehow censored or criminalised ... 
  pis behaving like they did last time , lets see to what this leads , interesting times indeed !, 
  you know this is mostly a smug pr move ? 
  this is what pis ( well less extreme ) did last time , they were pissed because their recent actions were critizised ( ignoring constitution and constitutional court , and some new media laws ) so this is their glorious time for payback !, 
  politics in europe seem to be getting closer and closer to kindergarten levels :(, 
  in canada they already warned !, 
  well that was against eastern germany tho because they feared you 'd get in trouble if you are n't white or something, 
  yea i guess as an edgy communist swj ( whatever a swj means , social wastis jorior ? ), 
  i expect people to not be completely retarded and actually hold opinions such as this , oh well :(, 
  i did n't forget / s i just did n't write it down as it should be obvious . - . 
   i thought i also read about major prominent german figures saying people should not link this with the immigration crisis . 
  so they voiced their own opinion which is the opposite of someone not beeing allowed to say something ? 
  now op was talking about somehow media censoring opinions , how do you even get from `` i do n't think we should think this has to do with all asylum seekers '' to not beeing allowed to openly discuss something ? 
  you do n't get fined for discussions aslong as you do n't use hatespeech ( so just do n't say they should be killed , because hatespeech in germany is defined as inciting violence directly or indirectly ) , and as i showed to you , the media apparently is reporting on it , meaning they are not trying to not let this discussion happen . 
  so how in the world is the government creating a situation where you are not allowed to discuss this , if they are not preventing you by legal means and do n't prevent you from getting the information to actually discuss it ? 
  you really are living in your own little bubble ... 
  mhhmm maybe we can ask the austrians ? 
  afterall we share the language with them !, 
  uhh i do n't know what you are going on about , there were some articles on january first , then a lot on the second and third aswell , you must not read a lot of newspaper but other than the zdf ( that fucked up , because they did n't really understand what was going on , as did most news organisations , some just decided to publish what little they knew instead of waiting for more information ) most published relatively soon . 
  so there indeed must be something wrong with your silly brain . 
  ( here a few of the articles : on january first : http://www.express.de/koeln/silvesternacht-hauptbahnhof--junge-frauen-sexuell-belaestigt-23251504 http://www.focus.de/regional/koeln/in-der-silvesternacht-frauen-am-koelner-hauptbahnhof-sexuell-belaestigt_id_5184802.html http://www.ksta.de/koeln/sote-belaestigung-in-der-silvesternacht,15187530,33042472.html and here a few more from january second for you to also read : http://www.sueddeutsche.de/panorama/kriminalitaet-etliche-uebergriffe-auf-frauen-zu-silvester-in-koeln-1.2803626 http://www.rp-online.de/nrw/panorama/koeln-serienweise-uebergriffe-auf-frauen-am-bahnhof-aid-1.5665055 http://www.welt.de/regionales/nrw/article150543492/fuenf-maenner-festgenommen.html note that this are n't all articles , just the first few i found by googling ), 
  uhh what ? 
  what is your solution to it all then ? 
  look at the facts , look that articles were published relatively soon when information was available ( unlike some of the early articles that said stupid stuff like 1k rapists ) , and that there is a relatively open debate in germany going on . 
  just because the majority might not aggree with you , does n't mean they censor you ... they just disaggree , please tell me how we are n't allowed to discuss this ? 
  ofcourse , atleast i as a german leftist have n't heard anyone say we should n't put the criminals in jail , and even look at deporting the ones that did the more horrible crimes ( stealing an iphone is not enough ) after they served their sentence my rightwing friends all tried to argue against some imagined leftwing position that did n't even exist which ... was weird . - . 
  they did that afaik, 
  i knew you were , i was aggreeing with you and expanding on the point you made , 
  she is , which is why she is big on rules and that stuff . 
  but she is also a pragmatist , closing the border after 200k would only mean they 'd all end up in greece again , which would then finally collapse under the pressure and we have an even bigger problem with a humanitarian crisis at our borders !, 
  the problem with closing out border , would be that they end up all in greece ( assuming every european country b4 that would then also do the same ) or italy , two countries that do n't have the ressources to deal with it , and have to take them in according to international law ( the first two recognized safe countries between germany and syria , turkey could be one but much of the eu does n't want to negotiate with them ) , so you create a humanitarian crisis there , and fuck stuff even more up ... 
  you would need a giant number of social workers to keep the inmates busy , otherwise they would find it hard to later in life be able to fit in societ again as they do n't really knnow how interactions between humans work , which would only increase the likelyhood of the committing crimes again, 
  well thats good to hear , i suppose as always it is the most extreme cases that are the most public . 
  i read in the spiegel but that was some time ago , so probably older information , sorry, 
   yet they are given asylum for political reasons . 
  the reason was that greece was collapsing and facing a humanitarian crisis which would have spilled even more over to the rest of europe, 
  that was the entire reason why we first started not sending them back afterall , because greece was almost at the point of a humanitarian crisis , since they could n't deal with it, 
  i mean your laws also lead to stuff like the guy that put some money visible in his garage , and when a german teen snuck in ( which is not a good thing to do ) he killed him , since he waited the entire time with a gun for someone to come and steal the money he put in plain sight , needless to say the guy did n't get any punishment for laying a trap just to be able to murder a kid ... 
  what ? 
  not at all , you should just try to use the mildest form . 
  so as an example , if kids are at a party lets say for your daughters birthday and they do n't want to leave when u tell them and get a bit pushy using words or even touching you , you are not allowed to hit them , but you can shout and obviously ( as always ) call the police . 
  if someone tries to stab you , with a knife its okay if you kill him but you should try your best not to . 
  if someone attacks you in a fistfight dont go stabbing his throat . 
  if someone robs you , you can grab them you can push them to the ground ( not sure if beating them is totally okay ) but you ca n't pull a weapon on them , beat them while they are down etc. 
  and it is also always advised to go the path of least resistance , if you get robbed , its better to let the person rob you call the police , then get your stuff back from the insurance and let the police deal with the culprit than attacking them , having them pull a knife out at you or panick and somehow wound you badly or even kill you , it is almost always better to `` just hand it over '' if you are robbed . 
   has this changed at all with the influx of refugees though ? 
  not too much no , refuggees did n't increase the crime rate etc. 
  and most of the crimes they commit is stealing ( if you do n't count border crossing since thats necessary to even be here ) , but again not actually much more than germans . 
  this is why this story is currrently blowing up immensly its the first time this had happened , and it looks pretty horrible tbh . 
  but yes in normal live has n't change according to statistcs , aswell as according to my own experience ( i come from a small town that has 1 refuggee center and 1 very very close by and there was n't much change at all ), 
  the guys committing crimes were actually far lower but were inside the partying 1k group basically , somewhere between 40-80 people did sexual aussaults and most of the stealing not the whole 1k ( i mean that number is still bad enough by its own tbh ) the 1k waas mostly just loud young drunk guys walking around beeing loud, 
  not as much no , that whole thing about radicalisation and people doing crimes after getting out of prison seems to correlate with how society approaches prisons ( with nordic countries having the best rates ) , german prisons are somewhere between nordic and uk prisons , uk prisons are meanwhile the most similiar ( out of the big european countries i mean ) to the us in their style and suffer from a similarly high radicaalisation/re-comitting crimes rate !, 
  i disaggree , we should accept them coming here and then put them into jail for a long long time , just closing the border would mean dumping that problem on some nation that probably already has a lot of problems on its own ... 
  but the weird thing is , it got better like 2 weeks ago ... and then it went back to total hell :(, 
  link please ? 
  i have n't heard anything about that, 
  how so ? 
  or are you one of those guys that has no idea what the german hatespeech laws that have existed for over 60 years about ?
