  but thats a whole different mess . 
  i aggree with u , i also wish germany would be doing more i just disaggree with the whole : ohhh germany does nothing they are secretely russian allies rethoric while germany actually pushes for sanctions and energy union and other european countries do work closer together with russia . 
  also even without the us , dont the french and english have enough nukes themselfs to basically ruin the whole planet ? 
  nukes were the reason that the cold war didnt result in a direct war between us and udssr and is also the reason i dont think russia will be attacking the eu or nato . 
  that is exactly why i am not blaming austria but also not blaming germany . 
  also no , he was no embassador of peace , he was an idiot and very nationalistic , believibg germany to be superior to everybody else , however he did do that , i just used this as an example to show our american friend that germany wasnt like : yo austria go kill everyone so we can go to war !, 
  because as u said it isnt as simple as that !, 
  the german approval was a letter saying : we will support u , our brethrrn no matter what , not saying hey u should go to war now . 
  the german kaiser actually tried to start peace negotiations between the factions , but yea lets just forget about tcat because later the germans were nazis so they are inherrently evil . 
  there was huge nationalism that fucked with every country at that time too . 
  germany was one of the nations that pushed the hardest for sanctions also germany is the coubtry that pushes most for an energy union to get rid of russian influence , there are countries in ghe eu ( i think finland was one of them ) that rely for basically 100 % of their heating fuel on russia and germany is trying to change that . 
  also countrys like hungrary are not helpibg the ukraine either ( poland also stopped sending them gas ) hungrary just recently signed stuff to work more closely together with russia . 
  how the fuck are we this worst country ever ?? 
  russia wont attack the eu or nato , it would be literally armageddon if they tried !!, 
  also in the last 4 years germanyincreased its defence spending again , and has just recently announced to increase it more and faster !, 
  sorry for my ignorance but did they actually endanger their astronauts cuz of some fuck-up with imperial ? 
   please share the information xd, 
  i think might be right , lol didnt think off it when postibg lol, 
  ( obetine is never !! ), 
  srry for bad translation lol, 
  but in the general region around it u fucked up a bit too , no ?? 
  so they might remember that , and honestly wat is there to remember that the germans ever did wrong , am i right ? 
  but in the general region around it u fucked up a bit too , no ?? 
  so they might remember that , and honestly wat is there to remember that the germans ever did wrong , am i right ? 
  the last part is due to workers wanting more security instead of higher wages , or they did , slowly they start to demand higher wages !, 
  part of the reason for this was the reunification , a lot of government spending , especially in social security net etc. 
  was cut so that we were able to pay for it . 
  that made people in germany feel obviously less secure . 
  add to that that a lot of the east german industry was cut because it wasnt comprtiziv and only still existed due to communism and that a lot of businesses then moved from the west to the east , because the government basically paid them money for that in their plan to help east germany . 
  so germans everywhere loose jobs and the social security is cut , so a lot of germans feel really unsecure , which one of the worst feelings for germans since we are more pessimistic than a lot of other nations . 
  so from then on the unions basically said : you dont need to increase our wages much other than for inflation , but in return we want more job security , wed rather earn 100bucks less but be sure we still have our job tomorrow . 
  now after reunification and crisis both over , unions are stsrting to rightfulky want higher wages , so i think we are going to see some increases there in the near future !!, 
  :d hope that explains atleast that part , im not arguing too much with the rest since im no economics professor or expert lol, 
  coming back to the empire ehh ? 
  why not try us germans ? 
  we havent had anything over there yet , so we didnt fuck anything there up !!, 
  we got loads of green energy which would be a nice change from chinese smog , also we are asian-light ( srry dont crucify me , that statement comes from my gf whos asian ; -  ( mwahaha now that seemingly almost everyone loves us , we are going to `` help '' all kinds of places , slowly taking over the world , for the 4rth reich of peace and harmony !!!, 
  and efficiency :p ), 
  meh , our press is sensationalist , and hate always sells the most , that is the easy answer for that ... well there is some point , especially amongst older people , that if the peoplein the south were n't lazy , the corrupt government would n't have been able to come into place like it is now , and that something like that would not have happened in germany . 
  as i said , those are the two most extreme pro austerity povs , there are a shitload of others . 
  btw do n't forget that was the german pov back in the day , not nowadays . 
  and really our birthrate is making you judge us ? 
  lol , guess we got ta do more fucking then :p, 
  as far as i have learned from history class , the stereotypes of french that the germans had during the 1870 's etc. 
  was like : always having their nose in the air , not valuing simple earnest farmer and family live , not valuing real culture and literature , they are not a big family but a bunch of cold hearted arrogant snobs that like to desceive and kill each others in their politics , always thinking they are better than the honest living german while all they have is that one revolution where they killed a lot of people . 
  but because they do n't love their families , and think better off themselfs and are cold and unemotional , they have no heart in it while fighting , so the french without a real reason to fight other than their arrogance to show they are apparently better than germany ( which they clearly are n't because germans fight to protect their home , their wife and children and their culture ) , they will easily run if they get actually threatened . 
  they are arrogant whenever they can but the second there is a problem and they see their are not as superior as they thought , they will cry and get scared and frightened , and because they do n't fight with soul , and because they do n't fight because of the love for the vaterland and the family , they have no reason to be there and they turn and run . 
  ( basically like some arrogant asshole in a movie i guess ? ), 
  while germany has the richest culture on earth combined with the most hardworking honest people on earth combined , you ca n't trust a frenchmen they will always betray you for personal gain etc. 
  this comes from the different types of nationalisms the nations had at the time ( idk the english words so ill just translate the german ones , hope that is okay ) . 
  germany ( from beeing a lot of sovereign states when nationalism was on the rise ) was a cultural nationalism , talking in german , liking german literature the music of old and new , appreciating the soul in german work of art , and living the hard working germanspeaking german live , will make you a german no matter where you are !, 
  ( like people in austrohungarian empire that thought of themselfs as german while living in prag etc. ), 
  not that you do n't have to fullfill al criteria , only beeing hardworking and speaking german makes you already a full german , but literature like writing yourself or reading a lot of books helps you be more accepted/thought of as better , more german etc. 
  and can help you if you are not hardworking etc. 
  the french nationalism thanks to it beeing one single nation , that is still really proud of napoleon keeping them together under his system and what they did under him , and proud of the revolution , killing that hated monarchy and instating the best form of government in the world , a democracy , has a different kind of nationalism ( i really do n't know how to translate the german word in english here , hope you forgive me ) . 
  you are french if you live under the french system , vote , help the french state , live in france and try to work/think yourself up in social live abiding the rules . 
  this is what makes you french , and what makes the other not french ... 
  i could go into more detail about french stereotypes about germans to help illustrate my point , and if you wish to do so i will , or i could show some more stereotypes the germans had , it did n't end there , however i hope this was good enough and that i did atleast a reasonable job at explaining it :d, 
  lol our press is actually really really really bad :( there are two points of views that both lead to these actions regarding the south ( and remember those are not the only points of views , those are just the two big ones in favor of what is happening ) : 1 . 
  the south are lazy leachers that just try to get unto our success , we the german people have build everything up from ruins , from a completely destroyed country and people and through hard work we got right back on the top !, 
  in the meantime , the people in the south got complacent , they tried to cut too big of a portion of the pie for themselfs ( their wages increased even more than their gdp increased , meanwhile german wages did n't increase that much other than inflation while the gdp increased a lot , this was done for stability and safety against crisis etc. 
  and now we think they tried to get too much out of everything while they did n't have enough of everything so they were too greedy ) and you let the whole place get corrupted with your lazy/sleezy attitude . 
  if we germans are going to pay for your fuck-ups with our hard earned money , then we make sure that you will be in a position to pay it back , we want that money again , so we are going to make you cut a lot of stuff , so that you will be able to give us that money back in the future , because we all know it you are just trying to take our money from us , your corrupt system will get most of it , and then the germans will see nothing of it every again . 
  we germans through good forward thinking , hard cuts ( to the social security system and a lot of cuts everywhere basically ) put ourselfs in a position , where we are competitive even now and successfully got over the crisis . 
  we learned those lesson , eventhough they were hard ( german standard of living did n't increase for 6 years after reunifications , giants cuts were made to the social secucity system etc. ), 
  through reunification , it worked for us , trimming all that fat away has helped us stay in a competitive place . 
  now those other countries will have to do the same stuff germany did , so they can get rid of their corruptioon and all the unneccessary fat , and after the austerity is done and you are at a reasonable place , you can start growing the economy just like germany did and you will end up in a good place , because that is how we did it and we are awesome :d those are the main two feelings in germany that are pro austerity , i have not said that i aggree with any of them ( eventhough to a lesser extend i kinda aggree with the first one , but i think growing their economy through stimulation would be a better way to ensure the money back , and im not as hardcore with that line of thought , i dont aggree with any of those fully ) , there are loads of smaller things for it and also a lot of people are against austerity , as always in the real world , it is never black and white . 
  ohh and for the hero and leader thing : it may sound really stupid because ww2 is long gone , however from a young age we germans are basically indoctrinated that nationalism/patriotism/thinking off you ( openly ) that you are the best are all really bad things and do lead to really bad things ( as they can , shown 19th 20th century in europe for example , but they dont have to , and i think if those views are not too hardcore they can actually be beneficial ) . 
  and we are taught that germany and germans are not fit to lead , we are fit to support , able to change small details so stuff turns out the way we want it , act from behind the curtains as a benevolent helper , however we germans are not fit to lead and we can and might be really really fucking horrible . 
  the word leader itself ( f\u00fchrer ) is nearly completely useless in the german language and kind of symbolises our problem . 
  in class we have debates about nationalism and we do a lot about germany b4 during and after ww2 so we understand how it happened , how horrible it was and how it could have been done better , like 2/3 of my history class was around ww2 , and in basically every class there is atleast one fairly big topic about nazis ( not science classes , eventhough we did mention nazis in physics ) , like we read jewish literature and post ww2 and during ww2 literatur , the during ww2 were either pro nazi or by people that ran away from germany . 
  in religion class we talk about the ethics that were going on at that time and how christians lived during nazi germany , and how they maybe should have acted . 
  in 9th grade i went to a concentration camp , even having to step into the gas shower , looking at the oven seeing pictures of mass graves , looking into the little baracks that they lived in , seeing pictures with them beeing overcrowded and constantly beeing reminded we did this . 
  so from that standpoint it is , while it may be sad , understandable why germany sometimes acts slowly , merkel has to ease the general german public into taking more of a leadership role , beeing more proactive in serious matter , because until the economic crisis , we really were n't doing that sort of stuff , she constantly has to test how far she can go and slowly get the german public to accept its new role . 
  i might not like that , but that is the reality we deal with . 
  i do n't think there are many countries that are as impacted by ww2 in their entire beeing as germany is ... 
  lol when you said that i just thought back on ww2 and ww1 both times , the leaders got obsessed with naval power ( especially ww1 , but even in ww2 ) and in ww1 it was already not the time of the big naval battles deciding everything anymore , and in ww2 they were like completely useless ... germany investing in naval power always proofed to be stupid ( but i aggree we really should have a bit more , just funny looking at its history :d ) i think first we should import scrap parts so we can fix all the broken equipment we have lying around , because the bundeswehr stopped ordering scrap parts and atleast for a time , none of our helicopters were capable of flying , and we had no stuff to repair them with lolol, 
  same here , most of the bad blood that was between the french and the germans is gone nowadays , there is some friendly mocking but the two countries work together and nearly all germans i know either like france or dont dislike it :d, 
  members of the afd are the worst  . < yea , people seem to be really upset and anything german again nowadays , why i can understand quite a bit of the negative feelings , there is outright hate going on sometimes , and funnily enoug most of it comes from people with us flags :d, 
  i always thought it was a stereotype invented by the germans ... 
  i know a lot of the others ( sometimes even uglier ones ) are stereotypes of france invented by germany ( some go waaaaaay back ) but i thought this one was too ... huh , the more you learn , 
  lol why not ? 
  have all the fun you want with it :d i sometimes start swearing in romanian , a good friend of mine is romanian and i learned they have the craziest most elaborate and imaginary swear sentences to ever exist :d, 
  interesting , thanks for the information . 
  seems like you never stop learning new things of the horrid things your ( i dont mean france in particular to be clear , it was meant as a general your ) country ( sometimes with the aid of other countries ) did :d, 
  well it is the german companies fault for evading taxes , everyone who denies that is just stupid . 
  but to me this also seems to work as proof for the corruption of the greek government etc. 
  they ca n't do this for 20years with that large of a sum without there beeing some big corruption that you can pay :d, 
  because they thought it was for the better , for purity and for good things . 
  get rid of the subhumans that pollute society etc. 
  not everyone in every country was against nazi 's just like not everyone in germany was in favor of them , 
  in germany if you give a lot of money to charities , you can get taxbreaks , it is to incentivise giving more money to people in need . 
  i am not jealous of anyone o_o i am just giving you reasons as to why germany behaves in such a way, 
  the fact that there were not german camps in america ( like for pure blooded germans/newer germans not those with a long history in america ) , i think that overall nuking japan was easier for them than nuking germany would have been . 
  edit : but btw i did n't say we would n't have been nuked , i said we probably would have been nuked , it is just less likely than japan beeing nuked ... 
  ehhh ... because it is not like germany is paying the most money out of any country in the world to help portugal not fall into complete chaos or something like that ... 
  and if the eu was in economic and therefor political chaos ( even more than it is now ) with even more than it is now , that would be against the goals of nato as a military alliance , that would make a few of its members easier targets aswell as people that 100 % ca n't help with anything . 
  lol , no it is not , i am just saying , germany is not the only one and germany also contributes towards nato goals in other ways than only military spending . 
  and germany had to deal with problems that other countries did n't face and only recently has there been a need for germany to actually get up to the 2 % ( during cold war we always met those 2 % but after that there were loads of important problems to deal with ) . 
  i am not saying what germany is doing is right , and seeing as how in the last 4 years germanys defence budget has risen , it seems like germany is also feeling it needs to do something , however i am saying it is not as easy as you make it out to be .
