  cameron actually got quite a few things when he went asking , nothing that sounds awesome tho , but the deal he was getting was pretty good . 
  also i think british rethorik had already poisoned the well , and france would probably get the support of the south atleast . 
  i kinda liked hamon from is proposals , some of m\u00e9lenchons stuff seems to be to abrupt a change for me ( tho e.g. 
  i wholeheartedly support him in trying to change the eu ) , but looking at the failure of the current ps government i can understand people not wanting to vote for them . 
  it used to be the thing in the us . 
  also the american `` left '' is n't generally all that left ... 
  i think beeing objective is more valuable than beeing neutral !, 
   we do n't need it any more now that we 're big . 
  for you, 
  i think he means it indicates that the us is in a worse state than the uk , not that trump will do more damage !, 
  while i really dislike the outcome of the referendum , it was n't all just about evil immigrants , it was about their perceived sovereignity ( and i do n't want to make it sound like i aggree , i do n't ) for exampe . 
  compared to the message that trump send when he was trying to get elected i do n't think the leave campaign was quite as toxic, 
  the city area is still growing faster than the countryside , no , if erdogan does n't manage to completely fuck the education you should eventually come out on top . 
  also if he manages to fuck it up , hopefully the economic situation will worsen as a result and people might not like him as much ( tho then again they 'd vote in someone even worse ), 
  well ... its german sense of humour ... 
   hold my d\u00f6ner , its superior anyways, 
   it was ( and is ) seen as pillar that ensures a rather tough stance on greece . 
  but is n't the imf saying themselfs that the current stance is to tough on greece and just unrealistic , how can they then be a pillar then ? 
  well thats one of the reasons why i wo n't be voting spd this election lol, 
  making the entire system more efficient and cracking down on illegal activities was neccessary , however the amount of austerity that sch\u00e4uble asks for , has been disputed by basically everyone ( even the imf who originally proposed this shit said they fucked up ) , because greece , if treated like will never have a chance to recover and therefore will be just a moneyhole forever . 
  or out stupid government should invest more like every economist tells them to do ? 
  are you stupid ? 
  loosing out on the eu would be very detrimental to us lol heck not long ago we were the sickman of europe ... 
  what ??? 
  no a reform is needed , either a big structural reform in the eu , or germany out of the kindness of its heart ( and because we grow a brain and realise a bigger eu economy helps us all ) needs to pledge to invest heavily into stuff ( infrustructure , especially internet would be a good thing !, 
  ) , in order to create more german demand ... 
  this brings back flashbacks of the greek crisis , fuck that was actually awful to be on this sub back then ... 
  it is now tho , experts have been calling on germany for years to increase public spending in order to help the euro economy out of its slump , but the schwarze null is just too important right now . 
  infact one of the weird positives of the refuggee crisis was that it increased german public spending , and was made responsible for a bigger increase in the economy than first expected ... 
   well is n't kinda obvious ? 
  germany should start spending massively on infrastructure in order to increase interior demand aka stop penny pinching and start spending a bit which will increase your imports wo n't happen aslong as cdu/csu is in power , to sch\u00e4uble , saving money is a religious-like moral good , even when demand was needed during the euro crisis , and every expert said that germany should do big infrastructure investments in order to help the euro economy get out of its slump he refused , also look at his handling of the greek crisis ... 
  shhh did n't you know , we germans are just a lot superior to you frenchies and you should just copy us despite the fact that imbalancies are one of the main reasons for the destabilisation of the eu :d, 
  i mean is n't that what the cdu/csu is trying to do , next up is a constitutional reform to allow privatisation of more public infrastructure , like schools , universities , the autobahn , watersupply !, 
  we are going to become such an amazing country just like the us of a :d, 
  like in germany where with a lot smaller unemployment rate we have about +5 % points more people living in poverty than france , sounds awesome !, 
   as a german i apologize for my immense workforce , that keeps going even under stupid politicans and a refugee crisis . 
  i 'm sorry that i 'm so awesome . 
  actually the french are much more productive per hour worked than us germans ( i think they might be at the top in the entire world ) , this was a result of some economic reforms after the financial crisis which were aimed to increase employment but instead drastically increased efficiency . 
  so in a way , our lower unemployment than france is because we are less awesome as workers , as they need to hire less people to do the same job lol, 
   anti-german voters is it really anti-german to say something factually true ? 
  without greater redistribution of capital between the nations , the german trade surplus is indeed very harmfull for the euro area ... 
  idk , sch\u00e4uble got a lot of coverage with his `` handling '' of the greek crisis, 
   i guess i 'm just kind of sick of this stereotype , especially coming from americans of all people , because i feel it 's very untrue , and it applies more to the people who accuse us of it . 
  indeed , especially americans , i mean us germans can be smug and assholes , but americans from my experience far more than french or other europeans feel like they are something better, 
  yea , just describing him as `` anti-eu '' guy is kinda ... 
   yes , but he 's from the school of jon stewart who also liked to say that he 's just a comedian but always commented on serious shit and started to be considered more trustworthy than news organisations . 
  jon stewart however was better at it than him i 'd say , or maybe when watching him i did n't know enough yet to see how superficial the commentary was, 
  somethine something highground ? 
  i do n't think there has been proven large election fraud by mexicans in the us ... 
  they have n't acted quite as badly as vw tho i do n't think ... 
  if you want i 'd be up for a bet, 
  thats because unions were really worked into the whole system when we restarted in the 40 's , which is kinda great . 
  but the conservative government is already trying to change that , they passed laws trying to render smaller unions toothless using outrage over train workers striking to do so ... 
   melenchon sounds like someone who is more likely to rework how the eu functions than to leave it , and france has the power to do that . 
  which is what i am kinda hoping for , because i really do n't think the eu can survive without some reforms , i like macron and all , but i think him elected would just push the problem back 5 years . 
  national socialist : not actually socialist they just ccall themselfs that . 
  global socialist : what do you mean by that ? 
  i mean i can understand loving bach , that dude was sick , but these two sonatas alone : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ye2iybrma_g https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qimfm4y_qpm should make it clear how awesome beethoven , god i wish i could play that stuff already, 
  does n't even say beethoven , wtf is wrong with you, 
  no , afterall you evil guys attacked our radio stations in ' 39 !!!, 
  i havent been pissing on any street for 10000 years ... 
  there are tons of turks that do n't vote for that aswell tho , one of my friends for example , also he is trying to get german citizenship to dodge turkish military service lol, 
  there are tons of turks that do n't vote for that aswell tho , one of my friends for example , also he is trying to get german citizenship to dodge turkish military service lol, 
  its been an ongoing effort to create that , even the vocabulary describing people on welfare etc. 
  has changed in the last 10-15 years, 
   poutou my personal hero , he may not win the presidency , but he sure aswell was the winner of hearts !, 
   in fact basically the imf is saying the eu 's policy is crazy , not only imf , but basically any economist that commented back then said that sch\u00e4uble and eus plan was retarded , and that varoufakis or whoever was correct in his proposals and prognosis ... 
  100 % aggreed , its all ideology , not only religious , and not only islam that can be abused similarly to this , thats why its important to not turn into an idiot, 
  born on 4/20 , yea quite the ironie for a drug addict lol, 
  that seems to be the thing with him , ( or the german die linke ) there is a ton of stuff that i am 100 % on board with , and then some things that seems crazy to me lol, 
  do n't worry , once she is elected the old line will be repeated `` how can we surpress people that do n't excist in our country ? '', 
  adenauer was the oldest so far , in the brd atleast , right ? 
  idk enough about weimar chancellors tbh . 
  only a few presidents and then the 4/20 guy ... 
  but loosing steam now , especially as schulz shows that he is still part of the conservative wing of the spd ... 
  i aggree but to say they arent refugees when they lea e the camps where they dont get enough food or water is still strange, 
  but refuggee camps in lebanon etc. 
  ran short on funds for food and water about 2 years ago now , what do you expect the refuggees to do , just sit there and hunger ? 
  thats one of the main reasons the refuggee crisis started in the first place ( and at the time atleast here in germany , experts were warning ) , the international community did n't give enough supplies so that people there could actually somewhat live , so ofcourse they try to move on and find a better place to stay , i 'd do the same . 
  also lebanon is not officially recognised as a safe third country , infact between germany and syria the first recognised safe third country is greece ( already eu ), 
   afd took a lot of votes from the left thats because they used to be the protest party , and now the afd is , this has nothing to do with their stances but their label as the protest party . 
  ever nation is a white nation if you hitler enough !, 
  are n't those subhumans ( just not as bad as muslims ) , in the eyes of the far right aswell ? 
  i remember people were getting super fucking butthurt about them evil eastern europeans coming here when they joined the eu, 
  i vote for german !, 
  especially since i suck at learning languages so its easy ... ohh and also its the most common first language in europe, 
  i have no problems with fucking , the problems they want me to fuck without using some sort of birth control , nah i do n't want any little annoying people in my life ... 
   i do n't hate the people of the usa , i hate the things their militaristic government is doing all over the world . 
  i mean i do have to admit i slightly dislike the rampant nationalism that lets them get away with it tho . 
  still i wo n't hate on any individual for beeing american , thats just retarded to do, 
  do n't forget the taz , they are relatively big and if you mention junge freiheit they are not nearly as extreme i do n't think, 
  how are they a juxtaposition to european folklore whats so weird/different about them ? 
  how is that at all what i said ? 
  you seem to have a remarkable lack of reading comprehension and are quite willing to show it , i bet some linguist could do top tier research with you, 
  i was weirded out why you mentioned cnn out of nowhere , sounded like alt-right people i know , and look what we 've found : https://www.reddit.com/r/white_pride/comments/5ae1vl/nigros_cant_stop_obsessing_over_white_eastern/, 
  when we were 16/17 we had this 16/17 year old friend that would buy the hard liquor for us , whenever he was asked for his id card , he pointed at his then already pretty freaking advanced beard and asked if they thought it was fake ... somehow it always worked, 
  i think the split happens too early , it should be done later as you ca n't really judge what a person will be like in 4th grade , so a lot of the judgement can come down to the kids parents etc. 
  which is kinda bad for social mobility edit : also fuck g8, 
  not really , speaking the language is the most important thing , the german nation is/was mostly defined by culture the biggest thing beeing language !, 
  thats also where pan-germanism came from !,
