  because it is working right now , and people like to think its because they do everything correct and do n't want to experiment with stuff that could go worse ... 
  i personally am for fiscal transfers systems , in combination with the eurozone in order to actually help it be stable , but i 'm the rare leftist =p, 
  well its the frenchies fault , do n't get angry at us ; - ;, 
  your bravery dude , you are a man i aspire to be !, 
  you are not trying to use the victim theory , right ? 
  austria defenitely liked the anschluss and had not yet developed a own identity apart from the german one , and kurt schussnigg was more of an austrofaschist dictator than what we think of as a modern chancelor , yes he was milder than dolfuss , but he was n't that different ... 
  and you ca n't separate austria of that time from pan-germanism =p but yea its stupid blaming mostly austria lol, 
  really ? 
  it looks pretty sad and chilling to me , and '45 was the first of like 2 winters when the allies had n't yet fully decided what to do with us yet , so germany did n't get much supply as later , and those were especially harsh winters so many germans froze and starved to death , actually iirc it is sad that if a third winter as harsh and with as few resources would have happened , there would have been lots of death and even a possible uprising !, 
  people knew there was something going on , they just choose to ignore it . 
  it was sort of a americans and torture type of deal like in 2004/05 where everybody knew there was something going on but people choose to ignore it and not listen to this eery feeling they had . 
  they nazis actually did a lot of smart stuff for this , the big extermination camps were all out of sight not in germany , the structure of the nazi party was build in such a way that it did n't look like hitler had direct control etc. 
  so people were able to blame bad stuff going on on just their local officials and ignore that the mistreatment of people and horrible cruel stuff was actually general policy of germany at the time !, 
  one of the most common/well known phrases of the time was : `` wenn nur der hitler davon w\u00fcsste ! / if only hitler would know about this ! '' . 
  the nazis did this kind of stuff because it leads to less opposition , if people only suspect/can ignore that bad stuff is going on they can just ignore it ( again look us 05 ) , while the nazis thought that if they were really in your face with just how horrible the stuff they did was that people would have to think about it come to a conclusion and might even object against it/rise up !, 
  it all depends on how merkel reacts , gabriel is trying to corner her and stab her , however she has been really good in the past at letting her pawns take the blows and die for her so we will see if she can maneuver around this , its going to be a few very interesting weeks for sure =p, 
  it depends if she can find a pawn to blame and kill off fast enough and if that pawn willing jumps or tries to fight and then who wins there , this will however i think be the hardest one of those maneuvers in her career , i hope she fails but she has a pretty damn good track record :(, 
  yea the guy was waaay to controlly with stuff that he did n't understand !, 
  also if the germans would have come as liberators against the russians we would have had a better chance , but yea that was thanks to their ideology and without that they would n't have really been the nazis lol, 
  for the second part , well yes that would be my stance on it , however not the governments stance which is what i said , sadly we ( the german people represented by the government ) do n't want to piss of the us too much ... 
  yes i read the new , why would this change my wish for germany to take snowden in ? 
  economic ties are still important . 
  and the us warned our government we would not get any intelligence from them anymore , which would make germany extremely vulnerable to terrorist plots ( which the us would know of but just sit there and watch go boom ) , since german intelligence relies a lot on the us sharing stuff since the bnd is not only incompetetend but also wo n't get any more money because the german public would have ( rightfully ) an outcry aggainst more money going to those organisations !, 
  i would n't either i have never voted for them and think they are pretty shit , but i meant we germans as a whole , since if we would care enough merkel might do a 180 \u00b0 again !, 
  it seems like we germans are n't the only ones who are sore about a few things =p, 
  if the italians did n't fuck up the pass in the first few minutes after getting outplayed by the greeks we could have won !!!, 
  ( well against the russians , maybe , with waaay more bloodshed ... and then even more when the rest of the allies would have to loose waaay more trying to invade europe ... ), 
  i think he might be a secret undercover agent , still trying to persuade the allies to let us germans win , is dedication to the cause even after 70 years is quite impressive !, 
  i wish we would do this , sadly we do n't want to piss of the us too much :(, 
  i mean ... to be completely honest building statues while it might be better than prosecuting these people , is still not doing that much at all lol, 
  yea , but american infrastructure in general is a bit off thanks to the population density =p also , i know thats what the joke is about lol, 
  exactly this , they thought they could use rape as a means to get fear into the population and therefor control it , its sickening . 
  idk , i 'm probably too cynical but i expect this stuff , so i ca n't get angry over it anymore , only incredibly sad that we still are n't better than this kind of bullshit, 
  hmm i would only aggree to this if you would add that we ( richer nations ) would send a lot of monetary support to these regions ( ofcourse making sure it gets spend on the right stuff ) , we are nations that have the means neccessary to help , so i think we should instead of letting poorer nations have to bear all of it !, 
  thats the spirit comrade ... wait left or right wing ? 
  i need to plan beforehand !, 
  and what time of day ? 
  i 've got to be back at my desk monday 8am !, 
  i 'm sorry , but your frequent posts in european , clearly show what ideologies you believe in . 
  also , the phrase would n't apply here , it still applies that what was before was somehow good , when it is used in a humorous way , it usually refers to a comedic change , however a country going from mass murdering people to not mass murdering people really does n't apply here . 
  i feel no guilt myself for the nazis , i just think that it was a bad thing we ( humanity ) probably should n't repeat again , or atleast try to go 25 years without a genocide , 
  yes , yes they should , they are there to remind us of our grim history and that we should not repeat the mistakes of the past . 
  its the same reason we still have the grafity of soviet soldiers saying they want to fuck hitler in the ass in our reichstag ... also it is not like other countries did n't rape , we raped alot , and i mean a lot of people and the american and french and probably british ( i say probably here only because i have not read or heard any stories , atleast none that i can remember , about british groups , this has mostly to do with the fact that this is n't something i have looked that much into and here in bavaria , stuff like the mass rape that the ffa did down here is easier to stumble across than whatever the brits did further north ) , should we just remove every monument that remind us of our defeat since in war that ( almost ) always results in stuff beeing taken from you aswell as women beeing raped ? 
  also the monuments , are mostly about the brave soldiers that died trying to fight the evil nazi regime , those were normal men and women that fought for the survival not only of themselfs but their entire people , as we all kno what the nazis would have done in the east if they had won , it feels stupid to stop honoring those that died because of the nazis because of the actions of soldiers , that again were fairly common ... 
  if the monuments were literally about soviet soldiers fucking and raping germans , you 'd have a point , but thats not what they are about !, 
  wait ... what is islam if it is n't a religion ? 
  if there are enough people to warrant the money for a temple ( so that it will be used frequently ) then it will be build , and apparently if you look at / u/savannajeff 's comment , it actually has been build !, 
  its kind of sad really what this place comes down to whenever immigration but especially with sweden is mentioned :(, 
  then tell me what are the nearest stable countries that can literally take in millions of people without it becoming a humanitarian disaster ? 
  pretty much all countries closeby are already doing a piss poor job in helping the refugees what kind of effect do you think it would have if the numbers doubled suddenly ? 
  iirc most of/a large percentage of the people on there are n't even living in sweden/havent lived in sweden ... 
  no they are not , wtf ... 
  this last week one of my trains had 10 minutes delay because of a not opening door , yea you know what ? 
  i think its time to get rid of merkel , viva la ordnung and not this fake 10 minute off shit !, 
  if you define killing millions of people for bullshit reasons as `` cool '' , i have to worry about your mental health :(, 
  look at all the good she has done , like build highways !, 
  well the fact that almost all prominent economics professors etc. 
  aggree with him certainly helps ... 
  no its his economical analysis of the situation and the assessment of what does and does n't work ... not that he is left or right !, 
  yup , the wehrmacht raped more ( they had a lot more people to rape too yea , but still that does n't change a thing ) , and its not like the allies did n't rape either , here in bavaria one ffa battalion is estimated to have raped 200.000 german girls just as the first example that comes to mind . 
  wars are horrible and the second world war was amongst the/the most horrible war !, 
  yea nazis were always very stretchable in their interpretation of their ideology just as it fit them ... 
  holy shit , are you actually trying to just ignore the mass rapes of the wehrmacht , you are one of those `` clean wehrmacht '' guys ... thats in essence the same as saying , ohh but the holocaust is only allied propaganda in order to control germans !!, 
  please stop ... 
  yes , its not justified but its also important to never forget other stuff that happened aswell , its idiotic to only focus on german or only focus on soviet or only focus on allied war crimes , you have to look at them all , without justifications and just acknowledge that they happened , i hate that people are always : ohh yea ? 
  but these and these guys did this !, 
  yea thats really sad actually :( there are estimated some 200k kids thanks to army rape ( do n't remember if it was 200k red army or 200k kids overall ) in post war germany , and something like 1 million in easter europe ( by germans i mean ) , now keep in mind that germans had waay better access to abortion etc. 
  but even then still , it shows that not only were n't the soviets the only ones , they probably were n't the worst ... 
  and germans first , iirc the wehrmacht and ss raped more than the soviets did , but yes nontheless , the second the first rapists did go away ( well not out of their own wills ) the second ones arrived , yaaay history is always filled with such happiness , 
  the sad thing about this is , that a lot of what he says is correct and makes sense , the problem is how he is phrasing it , he probably beliefs that no matter how you say something if its true people have to accept it and respect it , sadly thats not the case ... 
  so what ? 
  thats the point , its not like european values are somehow so much superior or better . 
  also only because its shit somewhere else does n't mean stuff over here ca n't be shit ... 
  you did just pick german songs you like , did n't you ? 
  because to be honest , i do n't think any one of those represents modern germany at all really , the one of op atleast plays to our stereotype =p, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmv7qitf9vi please noone get angry , this was meant all in good fun , also eav is awesome :0, 
  it should be yes , but thats just how it is , for the same amount of work and same work in same positions women earn 8 % less , i ca n't explain why this still is the case its just that it is , sadly :(, 
  100 % aggree , you want to first deal with the bigger issues so that the most equality can be achieved by the least actions and therefor in shorter time !, 
  so idk that much about the 23 % in the us , but i can talk about the situation of income in germany here !, 
  there was a study here in germany that showed that women make up something like between 60 % to 80 % of low income jobs while men make up higher percentages of higher earning jobs . 
  but even with same qualifications in the same jobs women earn 8 % less than men ( still a huge number ) , this coupled with a law , that says that when you are married , the person that makes more money gets a tax break and the person that makes less money has to pay extra taxes ( and women as i said earlier generally work in lower paying jobs aswell as earn less for same jobs ) so women earn even less and men even more because of men getting a tax break and women getting a tax increase , this then leads to women having the choice of either , getting shit money for their job and doing hosework ( since most housework still is the womans job even if both a working ) or only do housework and have a bit less stress , its not a real choice at that point . 
  however if they stop working they are entirely dependant on the man as if he ever leaves them they have nearly no chance to get a job as good as the one they quite ( because they earn waaaay less while married ) to take care of the home . 
  then there are a bunch of other problems , like women having to take care of the elderly in most cases , men if they leave the woman often dodging the money they have to pay them for childsupport etc , but the one last that i really want to point out would be the fact that when it comes to pension , the time that women have to take off for kids and other reasons do n't get factored in , and as i already explained there is a systemic problem that pushes women to give up their jobs since it earns them nothing and gives them a giant additional workload , this leads to germany having 40 % income inequality for pensioners , the highest of any industrialised country . 
  so as you hopefully can see , there is a huge systemic issue in our society that pushes women out of the workforce and then later punishes them for it , and we should address this . 
  idc about feminism or whatever other word you use for it , the thing is soo big with so many different ranges that feminism has lost all meaning , so what i 'll say that i care about is , equality between men and women in my country and right now in most cases its women getting the short end of the stick , so ofcourse you first focus on the big issues and then go to smaller ones , because you want to get the most result out of the least actions to have the biggest change for equality in the smallest time to be most efficient !, 
  he is talking about the grundgesetz is only like a constitution ( in everything really ) but was meant to be non permanent ( thats why its not called a constitution ) because we wanted east germany back and maybe some other territories , so we did n't want to have anything final , the plan was to change it after reunification i think ... 
  however we did n't as it basically is a constitution and he is making some stupid statements , just wanted to clear up where his stupidity is coming from tho lol, 
  nahh it was probably just all the immigrants taking away hard working white people jobs :0, 
  uhhmm ... if you take away the headscarf ( as she says she does ) , how exactly is wearing this religious ? 
  are all these women secret fanatical muslims too ? 
  yea i just wanted to say , a guy making out with a guy is something only guys who are in some way attracted to guys do , it beeing offensive to you and stuff is stupid and bullshit and i 'm glad we are finally getting over it ... and in this case however , everybody else has the right to do this , only muslims do n't eventhough its not an inherently muslim thing , like wtf ... thats like saying everbody can drink coffee ... just not these gay people because they make out with guys and it feels icky having their mouths on the same glass that someone else might drink out of , banning someone doing something thats inherently fine for everyone else and has nothing to do with who they are ... 
  but they are not muslim !, 
  you see , christians can wear them because they think it looks cool muslims only ever do thing because they are muslim tho , so we should n't let them wear this since it would be them forcing their religious believes into the eyes of others !, 
  greece tried this and it didnt work , i guess we micht be getting imune ? 
  i thought it was that girl , uh link that always gets saved by zelda with his boomerang !, 
  and all of them have done a lot of horrible things to the world during colonial times ? 
  so the analogy fits , no ? 
  and german is one of the biggest ethnic minorities in the us , sooooo we kinda qualify as very close family aswell , because even if we did n't send the government , we send lots of people =p, 
  sooooo you are making it up ? 
  well i think thats because we are like the drunkard dad , just give us a bit more responsibility and some alcohol ( nationalism ) and we will fuck it all up =p the us is more like the son that tries to be better but clearly has some tendencies towards his father behavior ,
