  yes , sadly , more and more reasonable people get driven out by the sure aggressiveness of those `` interesting '' people ... :(, 
  and lots of people in this thread blaming immigrants for it ? 
  idk , but if i would think of someone to blame its the swastika smearing house burning neo-nazis that do this tbh ... 
  i know i will get downvoted and hated for this comment , but anyways : i do not see what is so terribly wrong with fortune seekers aslong as they do behave according to the law of the country , i 'm not against background checks to get rid of criminal individuals before they come here , but honestly i do n't really see a problem with fortune seekers . 
  if i was in an economic situation where i would have trouble feeding my family and do not see many ways out of it , i ofcourse would try and emigrate to a country with more opportunity trying to work there make a honest living there and earn enough so that i do n't have to worry about my wife or kids starving , i do n't see whats so bad about people that want to earn more money for a decent living and have more opportunities ... 
  i mean , it seems to be the same thing like all the east germans coming over to west germany back in the day , and i do n't have any problem with that either o_o so yea , background checks to get rid of criminals mercilessly , but if they can follow the law and want to work , i really do n't see a problem here : /, 
  nah , because if the debate does n't go completely the npd 's way they will still have their angle and talk about how germany and germans are going to the shitter because of evil brown people lol, 
  idk , while this forum generally is fairly liberal , whenever immigration etc. 
  come up , a lot of `` special '' people come out of the woodwork , different users with completely different opinions that can be very aggressive and scare moderates away haha, 
  it is mostly an unwillingness to deal with it for whatever reason it seems , we had bigger refuggee numbers a few years ago and we could deal with it fine , this time around they do n't want to spend the money to make everything go smoothly etc. 
  which is sooo fucking stupid considering how well germany is doing economically , but the black 0 must be upheld at all costs huh ? 
  maybe , but nowadays the conflicts are so long that it can take ages for them to be able to go back . 
  i personally would rather try to integrate them into society and be usefull instead of wasting them , having them be unable to work or do anything , having them unable to socialise cuz the german lessons they get are fucking done by elementary teachers which just does n't work ... 
  if they got nothing to do , they are n't allowed to work or do anything , they ca n't go outside really because they ca n't communicate that well , they are only allowed to sit inside their tiny little houses ( and trust me atleast here in germany , the housing they get is absolutely disgusting ) then yes ofcourse they are not going to develop all that nicely ... like , a friend of mine , is a refugee from africa , that tried to get a master in computer science before he had to run away due to a civil war . 
  he now finally is allowed to work after quite a few years here , he tries his best studying german ( perfect english tho ) but the teachers they have to teach them are super underqualified , he now finishes his masters finally , a super honest and hard working guy , and it was just such a fucking disgusting waste having him sit in his tiny apartment thats smaller than my student apartment , that has water damage and is literally rotting away and in a horrible state overall ... 
  especially when german companies again and again are complaining about how germans they get send from school , why should we waste such talent away ? 
  and tbh . 
  if put into these same prison-like situations , i 'd have no love for this country and i 'd probably end up doing stupid stuff because heck i ca n't do anything else anyways since the state is restricting me so much ... 
  absolutely disgusting : /, 
  but that was just because the greeks did n't wish for it/want it bad enough , its all their fault !!!!, 
  i 'd vote for sch\u00e4uble as the beast , look at how mean he looks :0 also atleast one person already came to the same conclusion that you just ca n't kill the beast , 
  they did fine , this is how this article came to be ... guys , as a german , this pro-german circlejerk is indeed flattering , but lets just look at reality a bit aswell , k ? 
  they 've been doing this since b4 they were bought by grupo when they were still fully german . . 
  right now it looks very pro german ... 
  but did n't you know ? 
  the rainbow belongs to god , not evil homosex !, 
  i googled in german , and it says first an abortion and then studying o_o, 
  was n't that growth fake because the prices were just dropping faster than the wages which generally is actually a bad sign for the economy ? 
  they are more conservative tho in that they say xenophobic shit at a higher rate than the cdu =p, 
  yes , reformation , then the 30years war and then finally the result of the whole mess the abdication of charles v =p, 
  meh the german economy ca n't do much wrong in the position it is set up in right now , also our government follows more neo-liberalistic than ordoliberalistic concepts half of the time =p, 
  barbarossa drowning during a crusade , because he forgot to take his armor of =p, 
  yes this one is the correct answer =p, 
  yea , this dude took me by surprise , same as what some kids said in my driving lessons today , was hella breath taking o_o, 
  i am not one of the protesters , but how i would have liked it to be handled , is a greek default within the euro ( then some money to support and helping out a bit ) while they still owed most of it to banks private people etc. 
  and then probably another bank bail-out to help the banks taking it ( but buying shares in the bank with the money so you get something from the investment of helping them ) . 
  but another bank bailout would have been a lot more difficult to sell at the time than `` helping our greek friends '' ( which was basically what they said back then , oh how times have changed ) , sooo yea would have required merkel to take some actions of her own i guess =p, 
  also : guy tries to take a bath , looks very stupid , is never seen again ... 
  guy does n't aggree with the general direction of things going , other people think the same . 
  two camps build in which they talk like an echo-chamber only about how bad the other party is . 
  few years later , guys start deciding they want more influence , use `` differences of opinion '' as reason , start fight , does n't go too well for either side , especially since lots of dudes seemed kinda sickly around that time . 
  dude who owns the place decides he 's too fed up and quits . 
  ( 3 events all connected that all can be viewed as the downfall of something :0 ), 
  xd we acted so wisely starting ww2 huh ? 
  and poorer states would n't be as poor as they could devalue the currency to be atleast a bit more competitive , yea to me this does n't even have so much to do with beeing nice or helping , but with whats just really =p, 
  i try to , when i 'm not busy studying , but its hard and you get shouted at a lot especially when you make a single mistake in what you say , soooooo i kinda reduced the amount i post in recent times haha =p, 
  well if you want to use the word interesting , german/france relationship has been what held up the eu for a long time , and the way we are behaving is making those pretty strained : /, 
  the germans are the second most neoliberal big country in the eu , only toppled by the brits , that is why the german and uk governments have worked together a lot in the past for economic stuff , mostly against france and whoever supported frances claims at the time , 
  hey , some of us ( like me ) are still eu above all ( with lots of reforms to it ofcourse ) , i also do n't have a problem with monetary transfers as they are needed in such a structure ... 
  so we are not all horrible people now haha =p, 
  i thought he always had a pretty good name in germany ... but that might only be my circle of friends , haha, 
  while i too stopped caring about any nazi insults etc. 
  that does n't mean we should behave like assholes just because we do n't care about beeing insulted , just saying =p, 
  and seeing that germany was ( probably still is ) the country with the most soft power , and heavily relies on it , and really dos n't have that much hard power , it would be a waste gambling that away =p, 
  did merkel say that she fully trust in him this time , or is he still allowed to live ? 
  german economic knowledge ? 
  as far as i know , ordoliberalism is pretty much laught at in the rest of the world =p, 
  i think you ca n't take critizism and conflate the idea of your state with yourself on purpose here , which is something only nationalists ( or strong patriots , who are really the same ) do , 
  i think statesmanship would have starter way earlier , havin greek collapse on its debt inside the euro and giving support to the greek people as they build up would have probably been the ideal solution , they should have campaigned for that ( while at the same time saving much of the banks money by another bank bailout ) , but they choose the easier narrative back then , noone wanted to bail the banks out again ... 
  yea we kinda needed a lot of lessons to learn different things , and some things seem to still not have gotten into our brains haha =p, 
  wait , varoufakis loving subreddit ? 
  i 've mostly seen hate from either side towards the other side ( massive hate , tho if i would say who hates more it would probably be the northern side atleast from what i witness on here ) , so no love from the northerners , and the southerners are not only less people but also are too busy beeing angry , so they do n't have time to praise or love the v man o_o, 
  yea , if i remember correctly the imf had already admitted they call for wrong reforms the outcome of which they could n't forsee and which do n't work , like either at the time syrizia got elected or shortly afterwards ( so no syrizia fucking things up on that one ) . . 
  in germany , in school , we were mostly taught ortho-liberal ( hope thats the right word in english ) exonomics , which sadly seem to play a part in this mismanagement , 
  they are doing what ? 
  here , read for yourself : http://www.theguardian.com/business/2013/jun/05/imf-underestimated-damage-austerity-would-do-to-greece, 
  i mean they did , but it did n't work really , even the imf admitted that austerity does n't work as do most economists , syrizia then wanted to do other reforms ( but still reforms on tax etc. ), 
  but they apparently were n't allowed to by the eurogroup , not even on stuff they both aggreed on if they did n't accept everything the eurogroup tells them . 
  i 'm sorry , i now it sounds nice , the bad child has to do its homework and everything will be better , but it did n't work in the past , experts seem to think it ca n't work and we wo n't allow it any other way ... 
  and sch\u00e4uble did so much better ? 
  he was in an absolute position of power in there , i do n't know if he would have looked so much better to you compared to tsiparis if they were on the same level lol, 
  it is not like we show all that much solidarity towards the greek people either , as far as i know the new bailout has been slammed by economists as the austerity in it does n't make sense and will only stangle the greek population even more ... 
  so like the uk in this one ? 
  =p just kidding , do n't get mad please ; - ;, 
  do n't forget that greece is not the only country that had strong propaganda going , there will be lots of hatred on both sides ... 
  i mean just look at / u/frix post haha, 
  not really , no , you are generally not super ashamed of your current country , you are reminded of the past ofcourse , especially on the internet aswell as in school , but i would n't say that leads to beeing ashamed at current germany ( just look at most other responses from germans in here ) many germans actually feel some sort of pride in what they believe to think germany stands for , however they do n't walk around like a peacock with it  but me atleast , this time i actually feel ashamed at current germany , so yea = 3, 
  yea i am quite frankly disgusted at what has been going on the last few years , i used to be so pro-eu and used to think germany was a country trying to achieve good things for the sake of them and because we bettered ourselfs from history , buuuut yea this was an eye-opener , i guess its part of beeing a stupid teenager growing up , 
  and do n't do the equivalent thing to the lenders , no one side in here is guiltless ... 
  there is no moral high ground ( a thing we germans oh so love , especially when talking about the us ) to be had here : /, 
  okay , but to solve the problem of needing money 2 weeks ago , i do n't see how humiliating aggreements are part of the solution to that ? 
  maybe we germans are just horrible people ? 
   well , this would have been our chance not to act like assholes for ones , seems like we blew it =p, 
  i am kind of ashamed at my country , i used to think that germany was a great country that actually looked out for others and genuinly tried to be a force for good thanks to the harsh lesson of our past ... 
  but i guess big stupid misconceptions such as these are part of growing up and trying to understand the world , first in simple terms and later in more complex ones : /, 
  can i blame us for that ? 
  we are in a currency union , so our actions affect other parties much more than normally . 
  this is not simply looking at our own interests , this is like the guy backstabbing his co-worker to get the raise , yes it is in your own interest , but you seriously affect another party very negatively so you can actually blame them for that ... 
  this amount of hate and vitriol ? 
  meh , aslong as we can make us feel good about ourselfs by reading the bild and reading how horrible and worthless southern ( and eastern every once in a while ) countries are and how much better we are , we will probably stop worrying , 
  i do n't fully aggree with your metaphor . 
  i 'd say it would be more like , him asking for money to better himself as he is a drug addict and wants some professional help , and then we give him money but tell him he can only spend it on faith based groups and measurements to get rid of his drug addiction , which simply do n't work ... 
  him ? 
  they both are trolls , what op just said was fucking ridiculous and stupid , same with / u/strawnails, 
  you can critizise all the rest of his post as much as you want , but with that part he is sadly correct ... 
  austerity does n't work , almost every economist aggrees on that , heck even the imf ( the ones that suggested this whole thing in the first place ) admitted that they fucked up and that it was the wrong option . 
  i 'm sorry to say , but if you want to keep saying that austerity is actually the working against almost all economists , then you look like a climate change denier going against scientists , which is not really all that smart ... 
  as one of those europeans , i 'm not sure if you are serious , we basically made you guys unable to better the situtation thanks to austerity which we kept going despite knowing it ca n't work ( later ), 
  you honestly think they will get all the money at once ? 
  the creditors will pay the debt whenever it comes up and only if aggreed upon stuff was in place ...
