   and got told by a car mechanic on national tv ) poutou was absolutely fucking glorious !, 
  just sign up at your local antifa ag , and get all the business opportunities sent right to you , aswell as a 600 $ a month membership paycheck paid by soros and merkel . 
  it 's what i did , and i 'm basically a millionaire now !, 
  you were the one that pretended only full far right populism or the current situation are the only two options , thats why i wrote : `` if that is honestly your statement and you really want to compare the two , '', 
  huh where have i ever equated fn with nazis ? 
  spiegel is pretty good , lost some of its edge from the 90s but still pretty good , spiegel online however is kinda shit lol, 
  if that is honestly your statement and you really want to compare the two , i 'd gladly take the situation right now over loosing a worldwar and killing millions of innocents , but i 'm probably just too much of a cuck, 
  how is it populism if noone wants it lol, 
  in the short term maybe , in the longterm , yes they absolutely do ... 
  really ? 
  jews in germany would actually vote for the party who 's members call the existence of the holocaust memorial in berlin a disgrace for germany ? 
  do n't we all kinda know that the whole anti-refuggee crisis only serves them because it is a more acceptable target from all brown/black countries ? 
  but those parents ca n't / wo n't sue you ... 
  its worse , we had negative interest on credit at some point iirc . 
   sure , but we have bigger places for that too . 
  but not are seen as as excellent as this university . 
  it would still be a loss ... 
  when can i expect a promotion sir ? 
  also the antifa ag has not yet paid me my 600 $ for this months of work destroying western civilisation , i do hope to receive my payments within the next week or i will see myself forced to file a complained with the brd gmbh ... 
  because of different set ups in different countries , but generally the skew is ( while still sometimes present ) not as bad when comparing singular courses/subjects . 
   i 'm currently finishing my bachelor in history , although islamic history is not something i have studied very much on an academic level . 
  idk if it is differently for history , but in physics ( which i study ) and in philosophy ( which a friend of mine studies ) , a bachelor is not considered anywhere near `` academic level '', 
  i am a native speaker and all my sentences end up beeing super fucking long , nebensatz after nebensatz and so on, 
  this makes me want to learn french , our elections by comparison are very boring , when it comes to debates ... 
  which is not a bad thing , i honestly probably prefer that over having them have like a strong afd which would certainly mix things up but no thank you , but still i kind of want to see that shit happening and understand it . 
  right now if i want something like that i look at the us , but that just became depressing and trump and hillary both sucked at debates so it was n't that great either ... 
  thank you for that very informative post , as a non-native speaker i really appreciate it !, 
  honest questions , what is bad about that word ? 
  op was talking about who is helping the most on an international stage , thinking it would be different , it would be the west , when infact it was n't, 
  the vast majority of refuggees are in muslims countries , 3 of them have each taken in more refuggees than the whole of europe ... 
  they are still muslim countries ? 
  or does that not count since they are n't doing a bad thing right now ? 
  no it looks much worse ... 
  the west is the most wealthy group of nations on this planet , but could n't be asked to pay a bit more to support refuggee camps , and now the far right is stronger in a lot of places than it used to be , as a reaction to this avoidable crisis , had we just given a tiny bit more of all the shitload of money we have ? 
  i think that makes it far far worse ... 
  while completely ignoring the privatisation bill , that could make privatisation of public institutions such as universities , schools , water , roads possible . 
  oh yea they `` fixed the loopholes '' sure they fucking have ... 
  muslim countries by far helped the most ... 
  the big refuggee crisis only started happening when those refuggee centers in jordan and lebanon etc. 
  started running out of money to buy food and water because the international community could n't be asked to spend more on it , and now we have all this mess here ... 
  we used to also not be used to them , 2/3 grand coalitions were under merkel , they were seen as a thing to only happen in times of great crisies . 
  and while i aggree its by far the most likely thing to happen , i do n't think its a good thing at all, 
  i was kind of surprised of how high they got , i expected them to score first place , but i was thinking a red red green coalition might be able to outdo them . 
  i do think the cdu/csu will probably be the biggest party in the upcoming elections , but the spd is doing really well aswell , which could be a problem since in a grand coalition ( merkel led ) there wo n't be any real opposition anymore . 
  too many grand coalitions are a bad thing , look at austria , or look at how germany changed since they became more common , with people much more apathetic to politics in general , but also some more radicalisation on the right . 
  well they skyrocketed very much in their early days , so they looked really threatening for a while . 
  also considering the amount of retarded shit they spout , they probably get overrepresented in media , which makes them appear more threatening than they actually are !, 
   more than a thousand women were sexually assaulted in some way , thats just what a bbc article on day 1 claimed , when shit was n't somewhat clear yet , right now there is no evidence for it beeing anywhere near this big ... 
  which on reddit is always somewhat risky, 
  that the austerity was opposed by every major economist but still done because of sch\u00e4uble and his schwarze null meme . 
  and merkel gave sch\u00e4uble full confidence so i really do n't think this reflects well on her . 
  ofcourse i would never go as far as calling her a criminal , i just think it was absolutely retarded policy, 
  for a second i was worried about you and your +22, 
   ( not that she was much better , oh come on , i really despise her , but fuuuuck she was nowhere near this bad, 
  well fuck uk wanting to leave now , heim ins reich !, 
  she is supposed to be a very witty person with a very dry humor friends of her say . 
  maybe she is just not that comfortable and a bit introverted ( afterall she studied physics ) , kinda like hillary i guess, 
  generally the idea is that she is very competent ( atleast at staying in power , if you really do n't like her ) . 
  i do n't know i 'm pretty far left but i ca n't hate her , she is not extreme enough or wild enough for me , unlike schr\u00f6der is n't a traitor, 
  oh no , guys , should i try it ? 
  from what i 've heard about french police and their use of battons it could very well have gone sexual . _ . 
   far-right/neonazis it 's just vandalism/hooliganism except that time when the nsu a neo nazis terrorist group planted 2 bombs and went on a killing spree for 10 + years in germany and were just caught a couple years ago ... yea just hooligans , totally, 
  hahaha yea , think how awful it would be if any of our countries did something horrible ever ? 
  dodged a bullet there , since poland actually first tried to invade germany and hitler was just acting out of self defense !, 
  it 's a fact , just ask [ erika steinbach !, 
  werent the dutch some of the most supportive of the nazi cause even , well in general ( for obvious reasons ) western europe seemed more supportive than the east, 
   you joke but germans did actually check all soviet pows if they were circumcised - and if they were - they were shot on the spot . 
  i mean that probably where the joke comes from . 
  i think every german who finished education has heard the stories about men having to publicly undress and show their willies in the street when they were suspected of beeing jewish, 
  is that really the time you want to compare your rethorik to tho ? 
  they are currently under 10 % in polls , and still downwards trending , some more nazi comments by them and they might even go to old npd levels of votes , well with a lot of luck ofcourse . 
  i personally would still predict them to be around 12 % since you never know what shit happens . 
  i remember this !!, 
  ahh the good old times ... 
  bish we invented them, 
  while the raf did indeed kill a lot more people and had more members , i specifically said reunified germany ( as i wanted to keep the whole thing relevant for modern times , and even then 27 years seems pretty long ) . 
  sure article from 2015 , so might be now more than that : http://www.zeit.de/gesellschaft/zeitgeschehen/2015-06/rechte-gewalt-todesopfer-zahlen-brandenburg states according to their research 156 people were killed through rightwing motivated attacks since 1990 . 
  that dwarfs the number of 14 deaths through islamic terrorism in the history of germany . 
  i know all that . 
  my comment was about the general response by the media and people on this subreddit , not my own opinion . 
   send me a link to that active white hate group that openly encourages and incites violence against non-whites . 
  you mean like the nsu , the biggest terrorist organisation in reunified germany ? 
  they distributed anti-non-white propaganda and killed a couple people , and while yes their main people are either dead or captured now , the fact that evidence gets destroyed and witnesses die on a regular basis suggests that the entire group is n't finished yet , or atleast their influence is n't . 
  in general rightwing terrorism in reunified modern germany absolutely dwarfs islamic terrorism . 
  depends , if he is brown then its not mental illness , if he is white however , yea, 
  question : are nutless monkey superior or inferior to monkeys with nuts ? 
  noone cares about how many people you take that legally migrate , its about sharing the burden of taking care of refuggees , what the fuck ? 
   germany was n't solely responsible for ww2 , uhh most of the issues that lead to hitler were inhouse problems of germany ( the treaty of versaille was part of it but its often overstated how big an effect it had , especially in its more neutered form ) , and i 'm pretty sure nazi germany is like 98 % + responsible for the war . 
   hitler was n't 100 % from left toe to right index finger evil . 
  sure , but we all know what this guy means when he says it ( afterall its the same guy that think its a shame we have a holocaust memorial ) , its typical dog whistling  germany was n't the only country to commit crimes against humanity or other sort of brutality , with the exception of japan , germany trumps everyone in that department tho , russia is the only one close but even that was n't that close, 
   more like `` i 'm not one of the most corrupt persons ever to run for president '' imo . 
  so far that looks to be a lie tho , the trump administration is wonderfully shit, 
  do n't forget the commies and socialists , the spd members that refused to vote for hitler in the mock election were some of the first people send to work camps/concentration camps, 
  adolf hitler rolling in his grave should be pretty positive to literally anything i 'd think, 
   no , it could be `` anything '' , e.g. 
  it could never constitute western values , democracy or rule of law . 
  sure it could , look at how far interpretations of the bible have come , where people now simply pretend the bad parts of the bible were all weird metaphors for other shit, 
   adolf rolling around his coffin with africans having smoke on top of it why is that edgy ? 
  that would be a pretty positive message tbh, 
  these literally have existed since napoleon , why should these few this year suddenly be paid for ?
