  i mean , it can look odd to you , idk if you want i can look for the interview where they said stuff like that , its just how it is and thats why pegida only flourished in the east which has around 8-10 % npd ( neo nazi party ) voters in many regions !, 
  for your second point , i aggree however i 'd use it to look and then find the studies themselfs , especially when something like that quote is posted on top of that article !, 
  idk , maybe that is the reason i ca n't really aggree with the right on these issues is because over here they are n't really all that big so i do n't understand the situation ? 
  because like here in germany thats just how it is , actually according to titanic ( big german satire magazin that can be really offensive a lot of the time ) in an interview , they actually get more threats and more problems when they make fun about christianity or football than when they make fun of mohammed or islam , especially in bavaira but ... yea bavaria is bavaria haha maybe it is the strict immigration regulations for outside eu people we have in germany ? 
  or maybe because many of our immigrants tend to come from more developed areas of the world ? 
  i really do n't know , since idk the difference of how we interact and try to integrate our immigrants compared to lets say the uk !, 
  havent you seen what they look like ? 
  they are brown and look like poop , because they are not white , do n't you understand ? 
  evil jewish muslim antifa fascists are trying to destroy the white man , great ape somethine something genocide against our own poeple !, 
  ( you know what it sad ? 
  that i feel like i need to add a / s to this post :( ), 
  what did he say , i want to be up to speed on newest weird ideas of xenophobes :0, 
  yea , like fucking martin luther writing the guide to genocide ? 
  they never told us that in religion class lol i wonder why < . <, 
  according to [ this 2015 study ] ( https://www.bertelsmann-stiftung.de/de/publikationen/publikation/did/die-wahrnehmung-des-islams-in-deutschland/ ) , about 60 % of muslims support gay marriage ( note thats gay marraige not support for the right to be gay which might be higher most likely ) . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/169640/sex-marriage-support-reaches-new-high.aspx ) about 30 % of all republicans support gay marriage , that seems a lot better !, 
  note that i was talking about german muslims , i do not know all that much about uk muslims or why their opinion might differ , but for germany its that way ... also , for your souce from wikipedia , first i would n't use wikipedia as a source too often it usually does n't count , second here is what is written on top of the whole page : `` the neutrality of this article is disputed . 
  relevant discussion may be found on the talk page . 
  please do not remove this message until the dispute is resolved . 
  ( february 2012 ) '' soooo i 'll go with my actual studies for germany ( again not talking about british muslims here ) =p, 
  just your first statement , we do n't ? 
  in germany atleast we have pretty harsh rules for immigrants from outside the eu that want to live here o_o, 
  i mean , we have lots of muslims here that are for gay marriage etc. 
  funnily enough higher percentage of german muslims are for that than american republicans which is kinda funny to me =p, 
  i 'm a european , and i do n't understand this either , are we now telling people what to wear ? 
  o_o seems a bit authoritarian by us to me haha, 
  ehm no , i think you are confusing biedermeiertum with xenophobia or whatever < . <, 
  yea , only an idiotwould say that individual germans do , but we as a nation still have a history !, 
  also when it comes to mindset , if you cut out the nationalism/militarism then we are actually relatively similiar , there defenitely is something such as a german mindset , i would find it unfair to reduce pre 1945 germans only to nazis , especially since there is a lot of history pre 1945 !, 
  a lot of our mindset nowadays reminds me to be biedermeier-esque just as a small example !, 
  oh yea i always forget about the attack the japanese did on chinese mainland in the early 1930s, 
  european countries with lots of empire = the world, 
  but we started it , because of the aggression of germany the other countries reacted which led to the world war . 
  yes if the other countries just let germany annex away there would n't have been a world war , but that would have been bullshit of those countries , in what reasonable scenario would they not react if directly threatened + having the ressources to do something ? 
  but okay if you are all about using the correct words , then lets say it like this : germany is directly responsible for the second world war . / germanys actions caused the second world war . 
  that does n't literally say that germany started it since you do n't like that word ( tho i still disaggree and say that germany did start it in that it did do things that directly caused the world war ) but still says that its germanys fault ... 
  no , but germans as a people , not germans as you and me lol, 
  wait what ? 
  i can understand wwi , yea because it was not soley germanys fault , and people that just assume that because of wwii make me sad . 
  however wwii , i mean ... we kinda ... you kno did start that one :( and its not like we only invaded poland lolol, 
  according to studies we are actually relatively good in social mobility in the west , which makes me wonder how bad/fucked up it has to be in the uk or us ( which iirc were the two worst scoring ones ! ), 
  ouch :( berlin is actually relatively cheap , one of the only capitols of a big country that costs considerably less than other large cities in the same country !, 
  we do , have you ever been to berlin , it could be the capitol of hipsters not only for germany but for the entire world !, 
  however its not all bad . 
  berlin is very good for modern culture and art , especially like places like neuk\u00f6lln ( used to be an example used by xenophobes of how immigration ca n't work ) are becoming thriving art centers where tons of creative young artists move meet up and ... well do art together haha, 
  but we did n't kno that it was as big in the us since more recently , like creationists made way more headlines recently with the museum , aswell as climate change beeing a bigger focus , which for us europeans ( and most other people i would assume ) shifted a bigger focus on the religious beliefs of american senators etc. 
  ( since that is the main reason for the denial ) so basically in my analogy , while it would have existed for longer , it used to be a niche ( thats the right spelling ? ), 
  thing , however more recently ( within the last 15-20 years so yea it might be a bit off ) it has been more in the spotlight , ergo becoming more trendy for idiots over here and i talked about it coming over 15 years after starting to be a trend , not after starting to exist !, 
  i suppose he has no idea what they are about , i think he is just misinformed , however the fact that he does that when clearly not having a clue makes me loose a lot of respect aswell , not as much as if it was malicious but still its a bad thing : / i 'd say he is n't as bad as o'reilly , but yea he does stupid stuff and is very vocal about a lot which sucks : /, 
  yea , as a teenage growing up you always have this glorious image of america , beeing like the bastion of moral and goodness or whatever that saved us from the nazis and gave us democracy again and supported us against the evil russians . 
  you think how america is so cool with all those movies that you see that all portray them as the good righteous guys etc. 
  and because that overly simplistic and positive picture that you have growing up , once u are older like 17 or something and you realise things might be a bit different and you find out all this weird shit and start watching the daily show or whatever , you feel kinda betrayed i guess , and you then start characterising america as the opposite of everything you thought it was b4 , because then you only notice the bad things because thats all the new and weird stuff to you . 
  and a couple of years after that you have a more objective vision of it after you got rid of the overly simplistic positive image and that negative feeling of betrayal or however you would characterise that . 
  did n't you know ? 
  trends from the us always become in over here in 4-15 years ( 7 years is what my social teacher used to say ) , so we are just getting in on the latest cool trends from the us =d, 
  i used to like bill maher , but he says a lot of uninformed stuff a lot of the time ... 
  when its about the us i ca n't really see it because i do n't have enough indepth knowledge about the us to see where he is wrong . 
  but when he talks positively and even a bit passionately about stuff like pegida , because he has no idea what they are about but he said they were awesome with such a passion etc. 
  that if i would n't know about pegida from beeing german , heck i would have thought they were good guys fighting islamic extremism ... 
  so i 'm kinda wondering what else he either was n't well informed on but wanted to give his opinion about , or what he just misinformed me about ... 
  i know two , one is a good friend of mine , but he is kinda weird about stuff like that ... 
  the other one was a classmate of mine , everyone thought he was gay cuz he is so feminine but apparently he is super super conservative , he does n't like foreigners and he thinks evolution is bullshit because how could we come from apes ? 
  i know a few , one of them is studying physics with me . 
  or are you going to use that stupid arguemtn of how they are n't `` real muslims '' , well fuck then we are n't really christians etc. 
  he identifies as muslim , but is liberal believes in climate change , says its not his right to say what gay people can or ca n't do etc. 
  as far as i know all he is different from me and other buddies of mine is that he does n't drink alcohol , and i do n't see anything wrong with that . 
  actually a funny fact about german muslims atleast is that more of them support same sex marriage ( quite a few more actually ) percentage wise than republicans in the us support same sex marriage , seems relatively euro-muslim to me , no ? 
  i 'd also like to add that it was the french that bound everyone including the germans to that currency , they wanted it in order to not let germany dominate them economically after reunification so they set the euro as something germany has to do if they want their ok for reunification haha, 
  then we 'd probably loose ( well depending on what kinda dancing you are talking about ! ), 
  well for long missions you actually use gravity haha basically make it do half the job for you , its fairly interesting you have to have precise predicionts on where planets will be in up to 10 + years , and how the gravitational pull will affect the satellite or whatever at that time , if you fuck up once your object will be at completely the wrong location and even if the rest is correct its all worthless garbage now !, 
  which has happened ( like it even happened with rosetta iirc ) , so then u have to figure other routes out on the fly and have to manipulate stuff a little bit for everything to add up !, 
  god i love those !, 
  thats how gravity works !!, 
  right ? 
  for your last part , i just want to point out , that i do n't think anyone is for that . 
  noone wants to have the grandchildren as individuals hold accountable for actions of their ancestors . 
  the thing that we as a society still have some responsibility , to not forget and to not let this happen again and to acknowledge it as our past . 
  maybe that comes from germany having a bit less focus on individuality than the us or say france , the fact that we can as a society acknowldge while not feeling guilty as an individual . 
  but its basically the same thing as with positives , we celebrate positive events in our countries history , so we should also have a responsibility for negative events as they shaped our society that what it is today aswell !, 
  what ? 
  to be completely fair , it kinda still applies here , the spd seems to constantly make desicions against their voting base and i do n't think they have any ideals left that they have n't sold yet , not that die gr\u00fcnen etc. 
  are any better : /, 
  i did n't know that they still had any ideals o_o they sold them all out way long ago : /, 
  those were white british caucasians , there was a cancelled anti semitic neo nazi rally planned that day , i suppose they just wanted to do something anyway ... 
  it is sickening how you have so many upotes with a xenophobic and most important misinformed post < . <, 
  yea its fucking stupid , jauch and his guys used the clip out of context to just get some cheap views and to destroy what could have been an interesting discussion ... 
  hey !, 
  woah !, 
  we stopped an arms deal with ( i think it was saudi arabia ) recently for good pr , so we will wait like 2 more months to sneak weapons to all sorts of shady people in again !, 
  this time the us wins i guess, 
  ye but we do n't want to piss off the us now do we ? 
  for you and for me and the entire human race !, 
  there are bloggers dying ... 
  its the same thing we do with christianity or basically any other religion , we pick the parts we like the most and choose them for ourselfs , i mean the the bible has a part thats literally a guidebook on how to keep slaves and even jesus ( which most say ohh but he makes everything okay ) said stuff like : and everyone who does not believe me will be killed etc. 
  you ca n't ever really follow all the rules and laws of a religion you always pick and choose which rules etc. 
  you give more weight and how you interpret certain stuff that is said that can have 2 or more meanings !, 
  and islam especially can be interpreted in a million ways , even more so than christianity , basically every middlish big muslim scholar has is own version of islam he teaches people and then people choose to follow or not follow him based on if they think he is correct !, 
  so basically with this the government wants to encourage people to think more liberally about stuff and give them ideas of how these things could be interpreted in a 21st century sorta way , which then leads to them staying normal healthy people instead of islamic extremists !, 
  well idk i might be weird in that but i personally prefer die anstalt to the old neues aus der anstalt tho i would admit that it is less consistent especially since some of their guests suck balls , 
  was like one year ago < . < https://www.tagesschau.de/inland/zdf-karlsruhe102.html here is the first link , you can find more detailed stuff somewhere i 'm sure , i think i read some parts of the report stuff even , but its just the first thing that went up on google since i 'm going to bed now lol,
