  parts of the spd ? 
  even some greens ? 
  heck even a former leader of die linke ... and this does n't change at all that the afd is very buddy buddy with neo nazis organisations aswell as the npd ... 
  oh god did you see the absolutely disgusting tweet s\u00f6der just made ? 
  fuck him , fuck the csu , i say that as a bavarian ... 
  what about the nearly 1.5 people in turkey outside of the refuggee camps because the camps are full ? 
  that do n't get food or shelter ? 
  they are not real refuggees because they are n't in camps right ? 
  yea since it was waay easier to do it differently , but i guess they did n't want to pay the 150 bucks for the plain ticket o_o, 
  thats not true at all ... 
  better than doing it all over again and fucking up again i think , but i guess the us track reord has to be soooo much better huh ? 
  i never claimed it did help , but to suggest that this whole `` endagering the neighbours '' comes from that merkel quote is kinda ridiculous, 
  because it gets more fucked up , the people get more radicalised , and the would form new organisations with more support of the local people . 
  at the same time the influence and credability of the west in the un would suffer , china would love us to go apeshit on the me , 
  no the lesson from wwii for the german people is defenitely to not go all-out and start stupid wars , the lesson from wwi is to maybe understand your enemies thought process aswell as what your actions might lead to ... 
  if the us and its allies would have followed those lessons instead of attacking iraq we would n't have this isis problem ... 
  defeat `` evil '' as if that was so simple ... 
  you know there was a giant refuggee crisis going on long before merkel even said a thing , right ? 
  the values that are in the fundemental laws of the eu are the values of the eu i 'd guess, 
  do n't say that on here , especially after terrorist attacks the right wing comes out gloating and using tragedy for themselfs : /, 
  turkey does n't want any more camps tho ... or should we now invade turkey to force them to take them in ? 
  quite a few intelligence agencies have already stated that using the refuggee stream to get terrorists to europe is very unlikely , it is somewhat dangerous , you are beeing monitored upon arrival and it takes long , it is waay easier for isis etc. 
  to get a cheap fake passport and but a one way plane ticket for 150 bucks , so you argument is invalid , 
  if i tell you buy a milchshake or die you would still try to get the best milchshake possible , no ? 
  i thought thats how it works d = blood for the blood god !, 
  yea germany would be all over that shit , it would be a great way for merkel to regain support from the right wing of her party , going to show a strong stance against isis is exactly what she needs right now :0, 
  i mean ... is n't : `` we should burn refuggee homes , and well should together kill refuggees '' kinda an actual extremist ? 
  aswell as that refuggees can cross borders to try and get asylum ... 
  but yea you are not an expert i forgot , keep on talking, 
  sure but op is still wrong ? 
  how is deutschland verrecke volksverhetzung ? 
  you are not agitating a group to do violent actions against another group o_o also iirc . 
  deutschland verrecke ( germany should die ) was a play/whatever on `` jude verrecke '' ( jews should die ) which was a big slogan of neo-nazis . 
  they did this to make fun of the neo nazis to get them angry and stuff , because thats half of what they do . 
  does this mean the slogan is good ? 
  nope not at all i find it pretty damn stupid . 
  is it better than jude verrecke ? 
  sure as hell especially since its essentially a slogan to make neo nazis mad =p and the initial point still stands , its not volksverhetzung ... 
  public means like giving a speech etc. 
  apparently there is a different interpretation of private and public in the anglo world , public here means talking to lots of people listening to you like giving a speech etc. 
  he also killed the guy that got rid of hitler and drove a woman and a dog to suicide ... sooo overall i 'm not sure if he was such a great person or if thats just legends overhyping him you know ? 
  you are kinda wrong with that , the german public made a huge stink , the german government was extremely quiet about the whole thing merkel had to be pressured by the public a lot stay anything at all lol so your hypocrisy card doens ' t work here , 
  interesting to see / r/europe deal with this , as it goes completely contrary to what a lot of people have said on here =p, 
  yea i heard of i think 2 cases out of 100 when it actually was the refuggees themselfs lol, 
  i mean , the bka or wikipedia , who do you think has better sources ? 
  lol, 
  telling jews that new progroms will happen etc. 
  trust me this woman is well known she is super far right she is very manipulative ... she is not just a nice old lady that somehow walked onto a podium to give a speech about how the holocaust never happened !, 
  we do n't go anywherre from there , this law can only apply to holocaust denial it would break a lot of other laws etc. 
  to make this be about more than just holocaust denial . 
  holocaust denial is the exception because of our history and because it is clear that people that deny it giving speeches about it ( just saying it in private is actually not illegal ) follow a certain agenda , they want to rid their ideology of the thing that taints it in the eyes of the normal people so they can recruit more , for everything else you need to call for discrimination or violence but public ( and apparently in the anglosphere this is defined differently , in germany here public means infront of an audience giving a lecture or speech etc. ), 
  holocaust denial is basically an indirect endorsement for it soooo yea . 
  also goebbels himself attributed the lax free speech laws in the weimar republik as a big reason the nsdap got into power ( they could repeat lies manufacture truths and get people agitated against groups again and again until this became the reality for these people ) , sooo why not learn a bit from history aswell ? 
  seeing as this is not a slippery slope ( since we ca n't legally criminalise more stuff the same way that holocaust denial is criminalised ) and that there some good arguments for it , i do n't really have a problem with it . 
  if you do n't really do it because of bad intentions , or if you do it the first time you wo n't get into much troble , this woman is a repeat offender , she is smart manipulative sinister scum , sooo yea thats why she got the harsh end of the spectrum !, 
  for the edit 3 : they were allowed onto the field because the stadium is the safest place , lots of security !, 
  does n't the lra use suicide attacks ? 
  yea this is probably muslims , but what you said is still stupid and wrong and insulting ... 
  i mean thats their plan , no ? 
  grow resentment of europeans towards immigrants , let the europeans alienate the immigrants and refuggees , try to recruite people from the alienated group , and do it all over again : / fuck them they are the worst kind of human beeings :0, 
  why does the muslim minority seem so much worse in france than what it is here in germany ? 
  ( over here there are waaay more violent/worse groups than muslims and we do have quite a few ourselfs ) something must be going really wrong o_o, 
  uhh ... no , no its not actually like that ... at all ... are you living in your own little bubble where this stuff is going on or soemthing like that ? 
  wait the dutch pm ? 
  i thought the dutch very alligned a lot with the uk and would leave when the uk leaves ? 
  maybe people outside of germany do n't know ? 
  if thats how you think then i 'm not sure thats really all that smart . 
  electing a party that you do n't aggree with ( since yousaid you do n't care anymore and thats why you would maybe support the afd etc. 
  ) , that actually has some fairly stupid stances on things , just to show the spdetc . 
  can backfire very very big ... 
  because east germany also elects the npd into their state parliaments at a higher rate compared to west germany ? 
  because greece ca n't take care of them anymore since the eu countries have ignored their pleas for help for years and now their system is collapsing so they ca n't feed or house the big number they are getting anymore ? 
  then your saunas are not very hot i guess , in normal german saunas atleast the bathing suite will become a danger to you because of the temparature !, 
  not at all , thats why i said zivildienst , not wehrdienst i 'm not a fan of wehrdienst , but zivildienst on the other hand is very helpfull to society and i think it makes people appreciate a lot of stuff more and they also get more of a perspective b4 university etc. 
  not at all , thats why i said zivildienst , not wehrdienst i 'm not a fan of wehrdienst , but zivildienst on the other hand is very helpfull to society and i think it makes people appreciate a lot of stuff more and they also get more of a perspective b4 university etc. 
  not anymore no i already had that !, 
  its a guy that said the eu is neo-communists , honestly do n't try to argue it seems a waste of time sadly :(, 
  ahh sorry you are completely correct i was mixing up complet access to the single market with free trade , my mistake !, 
  but would n't free trade mean you have to follow all the eu regulations without beeing able to vote on them ? 
  why get out then ? 
  because thats how it worked for other countries so far that arent in the eu but want free trade !, 
  or do you want free trade without having to follow these regulations ? 
  i do n't think that is super likely to happen the eu would be shooting itself in the foot !, 
  i actually like the idea of getting service back , i never understood why the zivildienst was scrapped when they got rid of the wehrdienst , they should have rather expanded it in my opinion !, 
  is n't that how it always works ? 
  but you personally , yes your ancestors got fucked by foreigners , but your ancestors got also fucked by germans , does that mean you now also hate germans for all time ? 
  we are talking about people personally knowing a llot of and interacting a lot with foreigners , which is defenitely lower in eastern europe , to bring up historical invasions in this context is really weird ... 
  well the money is an investment into looking if tokamak reactors can work on a scale as large as this , because only on this scale they 'd be economically succesfull . 
  and fusion is weird so you ca n't say that it will work just fine if you scale it up , sooo these are very important 20 billion euros spend wisely !, 
  jo just noticed your name , quick question : what race do you play and are you excited for lotv or have you completely left already ? 
  wait what does secularity have to do with traditional values ? 
  did n't the csu the big party most for `` traditional values '' even try to extend the blasphemy laws many times ? 
  like what the fuck those two do n't fit together at all lol, 
  we only have a model of a stellarator here in munich :( but we have a functional tokamak i guess , not as exciting as having the biggest reactor of a type ( which this one will be ) but still okay i guess !, 
  ehh ones its build the 6 minutes will actually be relatively cheap actually !, 
  and if it could actually produce more energy than it consumes etc. 
  it would be a big step towards fusion energy !, 
  shush , we let the refuggee threads mostly to your folk , and you stop trying to bring that topic into our interesting non-refuggee topics , got it ? 
  nope not at all , its a differnt type of fusion reactor from iter ( iter beeing a tokamak this beeing a stellarator they try to do the same thing in very different ways with different pros and cons , but this one is very exciting since it could proof that its possible ( though still super damn hard ) to build a stellarator that can hold the plasma almost as good as a tokamak which was the big downside of stellarators !, 
  ohh dude i just found a story where literal nazis tried beating up people i 'll link you to the reddit thread : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3r5if2/up_to_30_attackers_beat_3_syrian_refugees_with/,
