  probably that i guess, 
  uhhhhh ... there is a difference between illegal immigration and literally hordes of barbarians walzing into the country pillaging and raping ... well maybe not to you , but i think that says a lot about you lol, 
  not for refuggees , international law dictates that they may cross border illegally since its usually not feasable legally if you are a refuggee , and even for normal migrants its a practice i 'd call barbaric, 
  hungrarys wall worked well because there were tons of different ways , to get around it through different countries ... 
   maybe with the lack of pride and all that self hatred they ca n't get aroused ? 
  i 'm sorry to dissappoint you but thats mostly an internet-meme a lot of modern germans are proud ( even if not nationalistic or overly patriotic ) and even beeing a leftist and having many leftist friends i do n't know a single person with self-hatred over our history = 3, 
  lol did n't you realise the whole post here is just a big bait for crying about refuggees and immigration in general ? 
  just look at the op 's posts =p, 
   why bother having a child atall ? 
  i mean the entire post is about us not bothering to have a child at all lol, 
  not actually that much , especially seeing that biggest increases are in eastern germany which is the area with the lowest immigration by far, 
  crossing border is not a right , shootingn/injuring asylum seekers that try to cross a border however is against human rights ... 
   in germany you say `` refugees welcome '' or you 're nazi . 
  what the hell ? 
  thats not at all the case , there are lots of people that do n't say that , parts of the major parties do n't say that and are n't labelled nazis , and the whole `` yea the vast majority aggrees with me but they are all silent and afraid of evil communists '' rethorik is also pretty stupid ... 
  what treatment of the southstream ? 
  you mean fully supporting it , even asking baltic nations to resume talks in order to make it somehow happen ? 
  yea that was horrible ... 
  you have a better democracy now , so maybe not fucking it over would be something you 'd like to do , also this is not a democratic choice by the people of poland , pis said they would n't do something like this again before the elections , pis beeing voted into office was a democratic choice pis doing bullshit to the constitution was not and is a threat . 
  they are not even comparable to the levels of bias that msnbc and fox demonstrate lol maybe the world and the general views and thoughts have moved on in the 20 years and u mistake bbc not aggreeing with you with beeing biased ? 
  i aggree , same with the weimar republic , really young democracy so a few slip ups and a split up of poland can happen on accident , why should we hold anyone to high standards , that would require work :0, 
  its funny how in this thread everyone is like : `` ugh what a fucking biased leftwing idiot that threatens poland ( tho he does n't ) , he is so biased he should shut up , maybe let poles do what they want without commenting about it . 
  and it is not like they will be like orban or putin and try to change the democracy or constitution !!!!!! '', 
  the irony tastes soo good =p, 
  i know old post and stuff , but this made me smile seeing the stuff pis is currently doing :d, 
  only that under communism you did n't have a democracy and right now u have one you actually could destroy , right ? 
  germany is also not responsible ? 
  there were already thousands in greece and italy , and it was looking to be a giant humanitarian crisis before merkel opened her mouth ... 
  so ... donating to refugee centers = starting a crusade killing thousands of innocents ? 
  yea , the bible i.e. 
  also has that stuff , like instructions on how to get , treat and sell slaves , and i do n't remember having had any personal slave for a couple years now :0, 
  source ? 
  the rules are the rules and you have to follow them , well atleast publicly =p the rules state we ca n't have an upper limit , and we ca n't send them to other countries if it might infringe on their human dignity ( so sending them to greece while a humanitarian crisis is building up would be a no-go ) , but the rules also state that we have to make them leave once the countries are even somewhat okay . 
  we ca n't base deportation etc. 
  on their education , we have to treat refuggee equally they are not migrants after all tho yea it was quite harsh , there was even a prominent case where a girl got a letter on her 18th birthday saying she would be deported in like 20 days if she wo n't leave , but her familycould still stay since they had a young child . 
  thats why i do n't see a reason to believe that the refuggees from syria etc. 
  will stay after the conflict is mostly gone , if i learned anything about bureaucracy its that its cold and heartless and does n't care =p, 
   german media cabal and i would 've gotten away with it if it was n't for pis and their proud nationalism !!, 
  * shakes fist *, 
   i really doubt i 'm going to seeing those hijabi women wearing cute dirndl any time in the future most germans also do n't wear a dirndl , or a lederhosen . 
  of people i know its almost exclusively a thing when u go to a bierfest/the oktoberfest , and thats less about culture than about getting stupidly drunk and puking everywhere :d, 
  so you are saying other than apartheid , deportation or a war there is not other option if theres more than one culture in a country ? 
  okay then ... 
  ahh that makes sense , i misunderstood and thougt u mean that merkel does n't think the eu is worth it or something thanks for clearing that up !, 
  that was more against refuggees aswell as against po basically because po had a stupid scandal before the election it was less about wanting out of the eu, 
  how is merkel not a committed european ? 
  but we do still follow all rules ? 
  this is just about theoretical stuff , i asked you which rule we did break, 
  whats ur source for the 8 % ? 
  40 % : http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/top-german-immigration-official-on-influx-of-syrian-refugees-a-1050685.html, 
  other than the spending rule which one have we actively broken ? 
  just fyi we did n't break dublin iii as that rule specifically states you can take in more if you want to . 
  not really , greece was already on the ground and nearing a humanitarian crisis when germany opened the borders , infact opening the german borders was a move in order to avoid a humanitarian crisis in greece etc. 
  because noone else wanted to help . 
  to be fair we did n't want to help earlier aswell so its not like what we did was perfect were we just as unhelpfull as the rest of europe for most of it, 
  ehh we did n't really help them either , as did no european nation eventhough greece was requesting help and in a deep economical crisis , so i think this is more of a european fuck-up than just a greek one !, 
  up to 30-40 % get deported since those were from the balkans and you can just send them on a train to send them back lol, 
  almost half of recent refuggee arrivals are syrians , a lot are from the balkans which you are correct are not fleeing any way , but they also get send back , the other ones we take in are mostly from civil war areas in africa and afghanistan etc. 
  which i think is also kinda understandable why you would flee from there and there is a high likelyhood that they are actually in danger of getting fucked up by the taliban etc. 
  we want to send them back when possible , and many do n't want to take in as many , but the majority is still in favour of taking in a lot ( just not as many ) and if they are here already ( until the war is over when most people including me are for sending them back ) i do n't know anyone that disaggrees with the idea to educate them so there will be less friction . 
  we learned our less with how we fucked up with the turks soo even if they just stay here for a short amount of time giving them education etc. 
  is important, 
  we have a lot of teachers , while math physics etc. 
  is not super full so its easier to get a job , there are a ton of german teachers , like the requirement to be a german teacher in germany are now astronomically high because there are just sooooo many people that want to for some reason lol, 
  family and culture probably , atleast in polls i 've seen 90 % of syrians said they wanted to go home after the war , now i for one would always prefer germany over syria but obviously i was n't born there , it was never my home, 
  90 % of syrians that were polled said they want to go back as soon as the war is over , obviously if the whole mess drags on for a few more years this might become harder and harder to leave their new home . 
  thats good , now only is it important to teach kids as fast as possible , but also i have 3 friends currently trying to become teachers eventhough the job opportunities for teachers , especially german teachers are abysmall currently , maybe that helps them :d, 
  u know we created our own together with france and a few other countries it is called eu nowadays , maybe poland should create its own union ? 
  okay ... then maybe it is actually as bad as it sounded wtf, 
  maybe not gone but i aggree that we should 've been punished a bit by the eu , i think this is the first step before leaving, 
  u know that that was a rule the industry asked for to make it easier to package and load them and having them ontop of eachother is way easier that way , and it gives them an official reason to deny buying not easy to transport goods from sellers , right ? 
  also because they fucked up with austria they were too harsh to early because they feared the worst for austria so they are extra carefull of acting at all now !, 
   you all are behaving like a consitutional tribunal is a great thing because it is ? 
  it is an additional check so the government ca n't just do whatever it wants ignoring the constitution , ignoring basic right etc. 
  its important to have checks against tyranny eventhough using unconstitutional stuff to make themselfs more powerfull and more likely to win election might not be what pis wants ( tho it kinda looks like it from an outsiders perspective ) even the fact that they opened up that possibility now , not only for them but also for others ( what if terrible po comes back into power and abuses this ? 
  :0 ) is bad enough ... 
  yea its one of the best things !, 
  civil partnership in germany has only come this far beeing close to equal to heterosexual marriage thanks to the eu that dragged us there despite whatever bullshit the conservatives said , so thank you eu < 3, 
  and that right there is the problem , and starting your own organisation is almost impossible as the other organisations obviously do n't want that to happen which is going to be a problem , and without foreign investment or loads of money yourself it seems impossible to get a lot of people to follow you when they will get beheaded by isis etc. 
  for following you and u ca n't make them a good offer for it . 
  okay so in syria which side would hold ur values ? 
   i seriously think we could do more good in the refugee camps . 
  completely aggree , but we were n't / arent doing that and thats why they are here now , so i do n't see the point really , we could 've done more in refuggee camps , but we did n't so now they are here and its too late ( atleast for that group we could still invest in refugee camps to prevent the number from going up way to drastically ), 
   comparing civil war to an government aprooved invasion is stupid . 
  aggreed with an invasion you atleast have a clear enemy and can join one side , with a civil war thats much harder , you do n't have the evil but lots of different factions which usually are all all kinds of fucked up , so choosing a side when getting attacked by a foreign power is much much easier !, 
  what if ireland was attacked but was in civil war , with the government gassing its own people , and with the rebels beeing violent religious fanatics ? 
  if it was n't an outside force , what would u do ? 
  which side would you join ? 
  there is no good vs evil in this conflict all sides are atleast kinda fucked up , the most non-fucked up are the kurds and they only care about their own territories which does fuck-all for most syrians , this is n't as easy as an evil foreign power invading its a civil war with sides that are all kinds of fucked up and big global players playing their game ... 
  if you were to live there who would you join ? 
  which side would you fight for ? 
  or do you think you 'd be able to make your own totally good troop ? 
  no laws were changed or suspended , the law says we do not need to accept them and we can send them back but we do n't have to ... 
  or even normal christians , whenever i 'm at the marienplatz in munich there will be some crazy christian trying to convert you ... 
  i speak to them from time to time , one of them said they were from the us but send as a missionary to germany , which is really ... weird ... 
  i thought we were the ones sending missionarys into the new world and now they just reversed that :0, 
  is calling someone black really a bad thing in poland ? 
  not at all , anyone with any kind of education of history should easily see the amount of bullshit in that book, 
  democratic socialists trashed the country ? 
  when did that happen ?
