  i think we did one airstrike so far , but i forgot if that was in eastern europe or me , ohh and we send some occupation troops to help the us and un in peacekeeping missions etc. 
  but i think thats the most ( other than sending massive amounts of weapons there which i would call indirect ) i can think of where did something direct !, 
  makes sense , ty for explaining !, 
  ok , lets do a 1on1 then , the last few times you assholes teamed up on us , but we do n't want to kill anyone , so only pretend wars , we could use brromsticks and stuff !, 
  well thats what i learned in school , and yea most of the warsaw pact countries were treated horribly ... 
  would n't that be even more damning ? 
  yes , because you said we somehow adore russia because of the ww2 trauma , which is completely bullshit, 
  its a combination of the last thing , and the fact that the ddr had it like almost the best out of all the soviet occupied countries , sure there was a lot of bad stuff , but it was n't really super horrible , the ddr was supposedly even shown as the good kid of the ussr to other occupied countries as an example . 
  yea , i guess we will end up hating everyone , but such is life in central continental europe :0, 
  i think it might be , because during the coldwar we had this big giant enemy and everyone thought about the west keeping together . 
  if you grew up more recently , you never felt much of that , rather what you get are some more negative events like : germany beeing a bad ally and not supporting the us in their war effort/the us starting a nonsensical war that only brings death . 
  germans constantly critizising the us for everything and doing a lot of bad stuff themselfs/the us spying on germans and even their head of state directly an basically just doing as they please etc. 
  ( note , i obviously overstated the perception to make the point more easily seen ! ), 
  yea , thats why it surprised me that so many americans said wwii/holocaust is the biggest event , that would in my mind imply a way more negative relationship between the countries !, 
  for the holocaust wwii thing , i guess many germans do n't see it as defining for the relationship of germany and the us . 
  the marshall plan still is remembered here , when we were down but the us supportes us , so we could stand up and be the front against communism . 
  its basically the thing when thinking about good relations and cooperation between the countries , they helped us so we are buddies now , its seen as the foundation of the goodwill between the countries =p, 
  i like cabaret way more than stand-up is what i said o_o, 
  yes , because you would act negatively towards southerners based only on the fact of them beeing southeners , that definitely xenophobia, 
  idk when russia ever just attacked us germans , it usually involves both sides trying to start a war lol, 
  well , most of his stuff is focused on germany . 
  basically he uses the us as an example of where germany could end up and outlines problems and draws parallels and all that stuff . 
  this is more like when colbert or the daily show , make fun of the royal baby , or make fun of the french or some other episode where they talk about some other country ( i remember some about india 's elections where they showed how ridiculous it was getting etc. 
  ) , while most of their ( and his ) stuff is focused inside the own country it always nice to change the topic a bit and talk about other stupid/ridiculous stuff to keep things more fresh =p, 
  yea , they are complete and utter bullshit , but i like cabarette anyways so i do n't care =p, 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  taking in a refuggee in your own home takes a lot of money and time etc. 
  however if you let the government handle it , everybody shares the cost and only pays a minimal fraction . 
  this argument is stupid , we have institutions for stuff a single person ca n't do on their own , so why would you do it on your own ? 
  you guys help us again , right ? 
  i swear this time we will get them !, 
  hey !, 
  you guys helped us aswell , where is your historical guilt ? 
  thats because its polical cabarette ( which differs from stand-up ) =p in germany the cabarette is still relatively alive compared to most countries nowadays !, 
  well i think he is going from the east/west divide from the cold war , then he is correct , that it was mostly the west attacking russia , since russia was more concerned with beeing a regional power than a global power for most parts of history , and when they were a global power they could n't openly attack because of m.a.d. 
  so technically with those definitions he is correct , but yea not aggreeing with him here on the message he is trying to get accross , i like him a lot and find most of his stuff refreshing and insightfull , but he takes it too far at times =p, 
  apparently they will include this stuff when they pay money for contribution and stuff but not for offcial gdp , or something . 
  thats what i could gather from angry french people in here =d, 
  well you have 7 more infringement cases than us , while we have a lot more `` late or incorrect transpositions '' , there is a difference between the two =p, 
  siemens has actually been doing rather well in recent years from what it used to be , there were quite big management reforms etc , 
  good then , that they almost completely gave up on the consumer electronics market and now focus on bigger projects , such as transportation , energy and medical care etc. 
  it does , but rechtsrock atleast in my opinion has always sounded like complete shit =p, 
  yea , i 'm a metal fan , so from an outsiders perspective this might sound like proper metal or whatever , but it really is not , it complete bullshit quality , it amazes me that they even put it up !, 
  yea the prostitution thing is weird to me too , its gon na happen anyways atleast make it so that these women are protected and stuff and not at the will of some pimp or whatever . 
  you can regulated and help way better if you actually acknowledge its existence and integrate it ... 
  i mean ... 
  i hate the csu as much as the next person , but they clearly are not at the right end of the right end spectrum lol they might be pretty stupid and once every few years they make some xenophobic statements to get support of npd and afd voters , but compared to the npd or other far right organisations they are still pretty moderate !, 
  the old school society ... someitmes i ca n't even believe someone could be this stupid . 
  they have a facebook group with all their names , they also made this `` lovely '' [ music video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5csirigoy3e ) about themselfs , where the leaders and founders sign with their real name at the end ... 
  they also published ( on their facebook site ) a sexchat between one of their members and an underaged girl , ofcourse not blacking out any of the names or anything . 
  as a german group , that wants to go back to old german values ( like apparently beeing tolerance beeing on of them , and respect etc. 
  ) , they use an english name aswell as the abbreviation of the us intelligence agency during wwii . 
  sometimes i think this is just a big giant meta joke , until i realise that some people are actually this stupid ... 
  iirc , atleast here in germany most of the time its stunned prior to beeing ritually killed , its the same with koscher food where they also have some brutal seeming ritual killing , 
  he is saying that we kinda treat the polish/eastern europeans that way quite often =p, 
  i thought you sacrificed arabs to israel so that jesus may come back ? 
  i see you have never been to a high level math course my friend , 
  lol living in bavaria but having family all over the place ( from my mothers side ) , i should have no problem understanding different dialects =p, 
  i did n't even know anyone still uses the word schm\u00e4he , austrians are weird maaan ... 
  i do n't lol do n't worry , its just that i like the cities more , and i have most friends in ca , and a few in ny , and only one in texas and one in south carolina ( tho that guy is studying in germany rn ) , sooo yea just no reason for me to go there . 
  and all that is separated from the fact that i 'm a bit sad that the places where germans migrated most to are red , but thats just because i 'd like to say that germans there are sharing the same for the ideology i personally think is better , thats two different things that suck about where the most german speakers are , first i wo n't visit those places because of the aforementioned reason and separately that its red =p, 
  how ? 
  please explain , 
  well actually its mostly about the universities there =p i also find the east and west coast big cities waaay more interesting , i know that republicans can be friendly , i live in the texas equivalent of germany lol, 
  yea i thought something like that was the case , well i guess when you have that big or a country and everybody speaks english you do n't need anything else haha i feels its a bit of the same case why ( to a lesser extend ) we have not that good english here , many germans never need it , since we are the biggest economy with the most people and almost all countries around us have atleast a relatively high percentage of german speakers =p, 
  as a high german speaker in bavaria , it seems to happen the other way around aswell : /, 
  really ? 
  i recently saw a map that in many parts of the us that apart from spanish , german is the most spoken second language , sadly mostly in red states/states i wo n't really visit : / but i guess most spoken does n't necessarily mean many speak it lol, 
  i guess thats their revenge for us constantly making fun of how ridiculous they sound o_o, 
  well it was most certainly have been worse , and also how else would you compare them , do you only compare the short time when both existed at the same time , or do you look at what nazi germany would have done if they won . 
  one of those two option has to be taken if you want to actually objectively compare the two evil empires , its not about feeling here its about facts i thought ? 
  and i 'm sorry , in both ways , nazi germany looks worse , both look absolutely disgustingly horrible , but there is still a difference ... 
  the stereotype does n't always apply , after all we were the country famous for supersticions and metaphysics back in the day =p, 
  i mean we have an overall black budget , which is very unusual for modern countries ( in the west atleast ) , so why not ( if there is n't enough money ) spend a bit more on infrastructure it seems like we can afford it without doing something stupid like this ... fuck the csu, 
  i mean ... we kinda did , it took a few decades for that famous speach of the chancellor how it was not a loss but a liberation and something we should be happy and thankfull for . 
  in the immediate time after it , it was first and foremost a loss for the german population , do you really think that all germans immediately were thankfull for nazism beeing beaten ? 
  actually , it would have most likely been death through starvation and imprisonement , if you look at most of the early ( or most in general ) of the concentration camps , they were work camps , where people were worked and starved to death ( they were building stuff and working in mines and then got almost no food ) , since the nazis thought that would be more efficient , the endl\u00f6sung only started later , when they realised there were sooo many people to kill and that they might not have the time to kill everyone ( because of how the war went ) . 
  so in a history were the nazi 's win , they would no longer have the time pressure on them , and would most likely have gone back to killing you through working and starving you to death ... 
  while both are evil , the nazis would have systematically killed basically everyone and then got germans there , they wanted the lebensraum for more food production because the german system at the time was really bad and not stream lined and there were food shortages !, 
  sooo yea , while both are evil , one seems like the lesser evil , 
  yea basically this is supposed to show how much social welfare helps people in those positions !, 
  ahh i thought you meant because the demand for pl tickets is so much higher that thats the reason its much more expensive and that if the demand was the same in germany it would be the same price !, 
  sorry for misunderstanding !, 
  would the uk actually try this ? 
  i thought they even owned one or more of the tax havens , no ? 
  not really since the bundesliga is atleast as popular as the champions league , the lower ticket prices most likely come from a rule that 50 % plus 1 person of the club atleast have to be own by the fans , so the clubs do n't try to milk the fans as much because they are generally in fan hand !, 
  its against greece , once some people have a `` feindbild '' they will upvote almost everything that goes against that dreaded enemy ... 
  thats still insane o_o, 
  because unions were so strong thanks to a few systems that were implemented that people for a long time believed that we would n't need a minimum wage ( there was/still is a relatively equal distribution of wealth when compared to countries like the uk or the us ) , the unions covered almost everything , sadly the parts they did n't cover or were for whatever reason relatively weak in were almost completely defenseless so this is supposed to fix that !, 
  sure ... but that does n't change the quality of their final product , right ? 
  it is on the 9th to be precise , however i do n't think that this will happen again ... 
  to be honest , i do n't think thats too embarassing , its just rehersal yet , it would be embarassing if it actually happens during the big parade tho : /, 
  not compared to us =d we already grew all that earlier , because that recent growth is basically growing back the damage that the economy took from 2008 , and a bit more , and we already did that a couple years earlier =d also the biggest problem i see is that basically non of that money ended up with the lower classes :0, 
  50 shades of grey , since we are apparently all into bdsm ? 
  in germany in general we have waay more attacks by rightwing groups onto asylum seekers/immigrants ( lots of arson ) than we have attacks by radical muslims , there still has n't been a single german killed on german soil by muslim terrorism , but stuff like arson to asylum homes sadly happens quite a lot ( 2014 it happened as much as 2013 and 2012 combined o_o ) , and ofcourse there is stuff like nsu which went around germany killing quite a few people ... 
  so when people say we should deal with horrible muslim terrorism here i 'm rather confused , not only is it soo unlikely to be ever endangered by terrorism , muslim terrorism is not even the biggest one we have here ... 
  lol that is not culture at all , if they come from a place without functioning toilets ( because of war or poverty or whatever ) , then ofcourse someone has to show them once first how to do it and then it works . 
  that is like saying my grandma does n't share the same european culture because she does n't know how to use a smartphone properly so lets expell her o_o, 
  god thats disgusting ... 
  please stop acting like a little child ,
