  i guess there are unreasonable people in both ways and in every country ... but we all already knew that , right ? 
  because we wo n't be the leader for nuclear energy , we will be one leader , there is the difference i see ... 
  overall yes , i am just commenting that with the current nuclear level of france , they ca n't use their nuclear plants during summer ( well not all is what i mean ) , so they need to buy from us , so going even more nuclear seems rediculious to me , aswell as even with the current ( as you said not full nuclear ) percentage of nuclear , they ca n't use them all the time , which is what pro nuclear guys are always saying : nuclear works all the time renewable does n't ... ohh and i also like our current relationship , waaaay better than those generations of hatred and constant war we had going on b4 that :d, 
  and we can also easily get the money back in the future by selling solar panels hydro plants etc. 
  in the future and sharing technology to other countries , because this is a fields were germany is the undisputed leader , that means we get all the money instead of beeing one of money leading nuclear countries ... 
  i personally would just put them in jail , we do have laws for people who openly support extremist organizations and if they work for nazis then they should work for is supporters too ... 
  idk , having to import a lot of energy because otherwise your rivers would start to cook the fish and everything alive does n't sound too good of a plan to me lol why do people only think in extremes ? 
  no going full nuclear is n't better than every other plan , if we all went full nuclear we would n't be able to sustain ourselfs during summer , it would be horrible , but at the same time going full renewable is n't feasable either ... soooo why not just a compromise ? 
  a good healthy nuclear baseline and renewable for spike output sounds pretty good to me , you would n't have problems during summer and would n't have problems during winter . 
  or the thing that german tries to do , invest a lot into fusion energy since that energy will be really really fucking good , and then invest a lot into power grids and storage for renewable energy to make them a possible baseline , i aggree that germany moved too fast away from old nuclear , yes , buut overall that pla sounds pretty good too me if you just take the removal of nuclear slower , but still invest the same into renewable and its storage capablility and grid , and into fusion ... 
  germany was actually one of the countries hit the hardest , that is why older people really are against nuclear , they still remember the days when they and their kids could n't go outisde for weeks because they fear of getting horrible illness from radiation , and tbh . 
  you do n't notice coal plants as much ( eventhough they are worse ) . 
  overall i still welcome our move away from nuclear , i just think it happened too fast after fukushima , originally the plan was waaay slower and would 've been waay better sustainable ( eventhough there is actually one state of germany that can produce 100 % of its energy needs from renewable and plans to export it next year which is really fucking awesome , and eventhough we are already selling france energy during summer because they have to take nuclear power plants off their grids during that time ) . 
  next to a slower move away from old nuclear reactors i would have liked germany to not only invest this much into renewable but to invest even more into the research of fusion energy ( germany currently is still one of the countries investing most into all kinds of research , but particularly fusion , which means we will also get the most know-how out of it since our firms will have done more with it than other countries who have n't spend as much :d ) . 
  so that we in even closer future can use fusion energy as a baseline with renewable for spikes ( and good grid and storage so renewable gets more effective which we are also really really working on which is also awesome :d ) . 
  but eventhough i would have liked those two things go differently , overall i still view the current move away from nuclear energy as slightly positive , not huge fanatically positive like some people tend to do , but still slightly positive ... 
  but different people have different opinions :d, 
  those will take a lot of time to be actually build ... also they will be extremely expensive , so the state ( yet again ) will build them ... nuclear energy actually is n't all that cheap , it costs the state more than what they do to subsidize renewable nowadays , and renewable does n't have the negativ side effects nuclear powerplants currently still have . 
  also , with germany beeing one of the countries investing most into fusion research , we could ( and i think we will ) use nuclear fusion as the baseline with a good grid and storage and renewable for the rest , should work out :d, 
  well chernobyl did go to germany , german people could n't let their children leave the safety of the home for extended periods of time for weeks because the levels were waaaaaay too high , thats all thanks to a little wind that did blow that stupid stuff over to us :(, 
  enjoy the ride !, 
  you know what ? 
  we gon na let you enjoy it so much , you become addicted and want to come back to us !, 
  or atleast we will claim you will want to < 3 u guys :d, 
  well if you go all-in on nuclear you end up like france , who have to take some of their nuclear power plants off the grid during summer , because they otherwise would overheat their rivers , which means they need to import energy from germany , during the summer , because they ca n't produce enough to fill their needs . 
  at the same time , during winter they export to germany ... 
  so going full nuclear does n't seem to be the best idea either ... 
  we ca n't immediately stop using their gas , but as i said , we are the country pushing strongest for an energy union which would make us not depend on russian gas anymore , and not only us but also all the other countries in the eu currently depending on it . 
  and i never said anything like germany died for your sins ... 
  the nordstream was built under a very different political climat , at the time we tried to bind russia to us so they wouldnt be able to pull the shit they are doing right now ( obviously they werent as close as we like , aswell as the fact that putin can let russia take damage waay easier since its not a eeal democracy ) i dont understand it , first everyone plans germany for not doing enough to russia , eventhough we were one of the coubtries that pushed the hardest for sanctions and energy independence and now they are saying : ohh germany u horrible people for cracking down on russia now !!!, 
  like wtf ? 
  ahhh now i know why beeing raised lutheran i have never heard about this !, 
  we dont have saints , so paul was a scholar writing that stuff down long after it happened so there are inaccuracies , aswell as a human beeing he wrote his opinion with it !, 
  see , the second they are not infllible saints its way easier to be liberal lol ( im agnostic nowadays btw , but my dad is still a strong believer and extremely liberal at the same time ), 
  what did he even say ?? 
  insulting all of romania for beeing racist is what im guessing , but not sure lol ( there is however the stereotype , atleast here in germany , that romanians tend to be a bit more racist than other nationalities ! ), 
  no , its not okay \u00edf either do ... 
  i actually kinda aggree with that , in that the eu as awhole should deal with this , so that means that the states that do n't have to do the rescue missions etc. 
  help finance it all !, 
  so we just should n't try to safe human lifes , because you know , we ca n't save everyone so fuck them ? 
  if if you ca n't safe everyone , you can try to safe anyone at all !, 
  i might add that europe also kinda fucked that place over ( and for once i can say that we germans were n't even the worst !, 
  :d ) so it is not only our moral responsibility as fellow humnas , but also judging from our history , we have a responsibility !, 
  u know that a-h was the first one to declare war on anything right ? 
  all the german empire did was write a letter saying : we are going to support our german bretheren !, 
  the a-h saw this as the perfect opportunity to get territory and to get more support from their people , because a common enemy in a war always makes your people support the current government ( in this case the kaiser and the king ) more ... basically every country was balls deep involved with this ... 
  well also the british empire for a long time basically created this whole thing , they created alliances and power struggles within europe , so that most of europe would have to deal with itself with the british empire could focus on its colonies ... also they were really enthusiastic about joining the war !, 
  willhelm 2 . actually tried to stop the war at one point ( he was a really weird character that still liked england while beeing an extreme german nationalist and militarist , its really interesting reading about him ! ), 
  early on , he thought that without the british empire joining in they could easily do peace negotiations etc. 
  however at that time he heard they were already posturing up ( and had been for quite some time ) in order to enter the war . 
  people always try to paint the british empire as those poor poor people that got sucked into the evil german/austrian war , however it was never as easy as that . 
  with the rise of nationalism and old hatred ( blutsfeindschaft ) most countries were posturing/preparing/welcoming / starting the war , the thing that then finally kicked it off , was the assassination of the crownprince of the austrian empire . 
  well the ottoman empire was brought down by nationalism . 
  they saw how this concept worked in europe , and it got importet into the ottoman empire , to strenghten it , however it turned out completely wrong , the people got nationalistic , but not for the empire as a whole but for the part that shared their culture/people , so there were a lot of riots and it crippled the empire as a whole . 
  i read somewhere that the british empire actually helped the nationalism spread in that part of the world , as they thought it would destabilize the ottoman empire . 
  just like the germans exported marxism/communism to russia because they tried to cripple it , 
  other than starcraft is what i said ... and over there we only talk about starcraft , no reddit thingy . - . 
  ahhh !!, 
  that makes sense , lol thank you for the information , 
  which i might add is fucking horrifying ... 
  sorry i am new to reddit other than starcraft , so can you please explain what exactly a default sub is ? 
  oh i know that , i dont have any weird dreams that the nsa do n't have my data ... 
  i just said what is the official story , i did not bring any personal statement in it ... 
  it also is weird to me how they would n't notice ... 
  lol yea and that because they fucked up , apparently they wanted to only send non-german information and had an algorythm or something so any german data would be not send/deleted ( idk if deleted probably they just hold onto it themselfs lol ) . 
  they somehow fucked up and for a bunch of years send german data aswell , obviously the nsa did n't complain and they just noticed recently apparently ... 
  are n't most people like that tbh ? 
  especially the crazy nationalism that led to a lot of it ( looking at you kaiser !!, 
  and basically everyone else at that time aswell :( ) but yea countries were scared because the unified germany seemed to be really powerfull ( b4 germany was split into a lot of different states ) , add that with a lot of extremist nationalism militarism , hatred between countries for past events ( in part due to nationalism ) and a bunch of other things and you have yourself a nice hot world war soup !, 
  tyvm, 
  what other observers are there ? 
  human rights groups i guess , but anything else ? 
  hope anyone has the information , thank you very much :d, 
  can you go more into detail please , thank you  just wondering what you are thinking about , 
  that thing was planned in the early twothousands , that was a time when we all tried to work closer with russia , to get them invested in the west so they would not start any shit again ... 
  this is a really long planned project and does n't show what is currently going on ... and no , you do n't just cancel a planned and approved project , future business partners would look at this and think twice about investing in germany ... 
  to end up like france , who have to shut half of theirs down during summer so they wo n't overheat their rivers and lakes and kill everything insede , and have to therefor impoprta german energy ? 
  i think we are fine running the ones we still have left , and the past has shown , that german companies are horrible at dealing with nuclear waste , they fucking damaged 70 % of their containers and let it get into the groundwater lol, 
  i know the lines , yes ... 
  i know also the firefighter alarm bed ... 
  however i only watched those on youtube for the funny dialogue , to actually have watched a porno i assumed you would have seen any of the `` action '' which i have not yet with any german porno lolol, 
  yes i meant inflation rate about 2 % . 
  and that is why germany is pushing a lot for an energy union , trust me , we do n't like beeing dependent on russian oil either ... 
  merkel and germany infact was one of the countries/leaders that pushed the hardest and fastest for sanctions and then tougher follow-up sanctions on russia ... also germany is one of the countries that pushes the most for an energy union , people seem to forget that all the time ... also , germany and france together wanted to be the heart of the eu , germany never wanted to lead as you can see with the euro crisis and how long it took for germany to lead , it was indoctrinated into us that leading is a bad thing , you do n't want to be the f\u00fchrer ( leader ) . 
  the whole eu is centered around german-french friendship , its a try so that there will be no war within the eu member states ( and hopefully sometimes europe ) . 
  germany and france are really really important for that , they basically are a symbol for the eu , both countries have a long history of hating each other , but try to build friendship for the benefit of both of them ( they were also the two biggest powers of the initial eu ) . 
  germany never wanted to be the heart , the sole leader of the eu , but it got put in this place ... 
  u know what , i aggree !, 
  i do think that there are some cuts that need to be made and that especially corruption need to be combated a lot more in some states so the money we give them goes to actually the right places . 
  there are reforms to be had and there is a lot of cutting and other stuff involved in them . 
  however i do find it ludicrous ( not the rapper ) how much we germans seem to fear inflation , we are getting to the point of serious defltion , which is horrible , the inflation rate should usually be around 1.5-2 .0 % and during times of economic crisis like this can go up to even 3.5 % maybe , however not more ... 
  still the like 0.5 % we have now is just stupid , you can go too extreme in both ways , too much inflation is bad , deflation can be even worse ... 
  i think the whole things needs to be a combination off cuts and reforms and controlled inflation ... germany kinda gets one right , but messes the other one up horribly :( edit : did write deflation instead of inflation once , whooops, 
  do n't own any lol, 
  ahahaha dubbing porn , that is sooo german lol perfectionistic in many right , but also all of the wrong ways xd i guess because i 've lived mostly in the internet era , i have n't seen much german porn lol, 
  what the fuck ... arent you supposed to kinda wear not a lot when doing it ? 
  i guess i 've been doing it wrong all along . _ . 
  i need to text my girl and tell her i need to practice more ... ohh and buy lederhosen lol, 
  still havent seen a single german porno ... are they really that weird ?? 
  what is so weird about them ?
