  ofcourse , i was just stating what doctors were saying =p, 
  ofcourse there are outliers , like my hometown was like 30 % russo-germans and not only ethnic germans , but generally migrants are settling less in more rural areas, 
  if the german identity is defined by out ethnicity and genes then i do n't care about it tbh . 
  thankfully most people do n't share that sentiment atleast here in germany !, 
  its medicin , the german phd in medicin is worth nothing really , i heard some countries do n't even accept it as a phd equivalent , over here doctors always say that because the masters is already soooo hard and of such high quality in germany that compared to it the phd might look weak but if you look at all the accumulated knowledge its still pretty good , but i kinda have my doubts about that !, 
  oh shit if merkel says she trusts her then she 's done for :0, 
  like what ? 
  i do n't really remember anything big besides this where they did something really stupid and did n't get repercussions :0, 
  which i think is a waste , you need to give them something to do and give them the possibility to interact with germans if you want them to integrate more easily !, 
  nothing much changed really , you see a few more black people thats about it . 
  well it actually has started a cool new community event where you can go get free cake and tea/coffee and talk to the refugees , listening to their story , they can learn some german and german culture and stuff so they can integrate easier , its pretty cool and i love me some cake =p, 
  he means , that even in small little towns in germany you now see black and brown people which previously was n't really the case big cities however already are relatively diverse !, 
  indeed , i myself am not really pro military/army , but i do understand that its sadly a job still needed and if someone does the job they should be taken care of which weirdly enough is much more than the super pro military people seem to care , weird world, 
  if the moderately educated stay thats enough , germany would n't turn into a hellhole with civil war over night if the top 1 % left, 
  from a completely selfishly european pov that would be however what we 'd want , ofcourse it would be in the best interest of the country so they stay , but it is the best interest of europe , to make africa not only a place we use to artificially prop up our agriculture sectore , but also one where we get lots of talent from, 
  trump has atleast insulted germany and merkel a couple of times , and outright lied about us , so i can understand not beeing too hot about him tbh, 
  i want to be an average europen now if it means i get to live like this :0, 
  yea they made a few posts about expanding their activities to europe , makes me want to vomit that we have to put up with their bullshit now, 
  old europe unite !, 
  thats just rethoric for their own people ... 
  if he actually acts like a retard because his feelings got hurt that is just another argument against him . 
  i know the far right generally is n't used to beeing challenged on their views or critizised , as they create their hugboxes and safespaces like / r/the _ donald the biggest safe space on reddit , but still one should atleast expect of him to be a bit less retarded , no ? 
  the problem is , if you look at the people that will likely end up in his cabinet ( newt gingrich , sarah palin etc. ), 
  it does n't really look all that nice , you can still speculate without going crazy with it, 
   ( although imo in the us it 's sometimes too much of the opposite ) i also think that the whole `` thank you for your service '' is just a cheap way to make yourself feel better about yourself while ignoring actual problems . 
  in germany the healthcare for veterans works and soldiers on average get payed mor ethan in the us , meanwhile in the us you have an epidemic of veterans getting treatment way too late aswell as veterans ending up homeless , but atleast they get a `` thank you for your service '' i guess . 
  create stability and economic opportunity , and then only the ones we want ( highly educated ) will bother coming !, 
  which would be the best possible outcome for europe, 
  links ? 
   no it 's not . 
  this hate speech law is completely nonsensical by default . 
  literally anything can be ` hate speech ' anything could be hatespeech if hatespeech was n't clearly defined , which is it ... 
  they are considered video games for about 2 years now, 
  they are considered art since ( late ) 2014 actually meaning that any censorship in video games when it comes to swastikas etc. 
  is self inflicted , either because they did not know the rules change or fear that germans would be offended and therefor not buy those games, 
  are not state owned , they are private companies that have the special power to charge a fee from every citizen , this is very different from taxes and state ownership , they were deliberately set up this way so the state does n't have too much control over our media, 
  killing them is surrendering you have 100 % lost your values , so anything but that has a higher chance or conserving them , its pretty simple logic, 
   so , is this why germany and france are being kicked out they are n't failing the copenhagen criteria ( which the situation in europe is about ) which are much more fundemental and important than the budget rules , so kicking them out would be ridiculous . 
  they are also talking about going against the rest of nato , sooo who will actually help you ? 
  because without any help you are kinda fucked : /, 
  people are uneducated , and even educated people generally firstly think of themselfs and not their nation as a whole , and in poor african countries it is still a much better idea to have more children to look after you once you are old, 
  and if the world around us sinks they 'll drag us down with them ... 
  atleast german foreign aid , is pretty effective as we make sure to look after it on a local level , i would expect any marshall plan to work similiarly, 
  so there is less of a chance for catastrophy , and so less people try to get asylum/immigrate other than the top tier, 
  i will not willingly give up my european values without a fight , so no that solution is unacceptable, 
  their standard of living is still abysmall , there is more inequality and more corruption , also a lot of % growth in such shit economies is not as much actual growth , and lastly their birthrates have gone down iirc . 
  i aggree , southern europe needs more fiscal transfers from the rest of the union , that is a neccessity when you have a common currency , but i also think that at the same time this marshall plan for africa is a good idea, 
  australia has no land border tho ... 
  in france maybe , but iirc . 
  in germany and austria and the us , the policy proposals of the right are still super anti-workers , germany and us i 'm 100 % sure atleast thats the case , like look at what the afd proposes, 
  i would n't say swapping , since while i aggree that the current left or atleast center-left does n't really give a fuck about the working class , if you look at the right ( afd or trump e.g. ), 
  then you will see that their actual policy proposals are atleast as , if not more harmfull to the working class, 
  we need a european meme defence coalition !, 
  which is exactly what hungrary and poland argued for not long ago iirc . 
  same withe their `` selective solidarity '', 
  holy shit literally the social democrats betraying us again , those snakes !!!, 
  and even then thanks to gerrymandering the house and the senate most likely ( one of the two i ca n't remember which one tho , 100 % likely ) will stay republican , and the supreme court will probably be republican again ( right now its split 50/50 but obama is n't able to get his judge send there ) maybe for a long time if a lot of old judges die soon, 
  that is exactly what i thought , great that you aggree :d, 
  not all eu countries are , we have to just give austria control over all our military so it would be eu but not nato !, 
  where have i ever said you endorsed the right ? 
  there are a lot of things i dislike of parts of the modern left , but the concept that dehumanising groups and calling for violence against groups is illegal is not one of them is all i said, 
   as germans you should know better , honestly . 
  hate and fascism rise to power with the support of well intentioned people who think they 're doing good . 
  the more freedoms you justify throwing away in the name of what you deem `` good '' the closer you come to becoming that which you claim to be against . 
  i 'm not sure i can buy that , you can look at their earlier rallies , the nsdap was always full of hate etc. 
  and yes i look closer at them and i still do n't think you can dehumanise and call for violence against certain groups of poeple just for beeing part of that group , i will stand by that . 
   oh you disagree with me , you fucking nazi arrest him that is explicitly not how the law works and since we do n't have a jury system our judges make actually sure the law is applied correctly , 
  gregor gysi , yes, 
  yea honestly , as much as i dislike merkel i 'll take her over fauke petry any day of the week, 
  fucking farage killed me lol, 
  federal elections, 
  interesting , you guys are also at around 70 % and consider that low , same here , when i looked at the us voter turnout i was actually quite shocked, 
  but i thought she was locked in your basement and you are only gon na let her out if he is nice to you ? 
  goddamnit you do n't even understand how to argue like a 16 year old, 
  the afd , while not beeing conservative also is n't religious , so there might be some other common denominator, 
  if you do that here , you will be looked up as weird/crazy but it obviously would n't be illegal, 
  if the message of black lifes matters is that black lifes matter and they have been mistreated ? 
  ofcourse for it to be problematic , certain groups of the populace have to be de-humanised in order to make violence against them more acceptable or direct threats of violence etc. 
  i do n't really have a clear understanding of the black lives matter movement , if i trust and go off of solely what some of the commenters on reddit have said , than a few of their speakers would be in trouble and maybe fined for hatespeech/inciting public unrest ( banning a whole movement is very unlikely like it needs to be super fucked up , generally , only terrorist organisations and the old nazi party get banned , same thing if you look at pegida , some of their speakers have gotten in trouble for a few uhh stronger comments , but the whole movement wo n't be banned for that ) but i do realise that i ca n't really trust information coming solely from reddit so i 'd have to look more into it , to even begin forming an opinion, 
  ohhhhh ... 
  i apologize i took alma mater to be a strictly german used term since i never heard it elsewhere that was really really stupid, 
  wait the current gov wants to ban polish people getting their phd at german universities ? 
  and what is done to change that ? 
  can your government help with that ( unlike here in germany ) i.e. 
  or is there any plan to make the whole thing work better ? 
  this is about facebook following german law when operating in germany , this is not about censoring or not wanting to do work ... 
  interesting , how good are the programs at polish universities ? 
  and how is the whole research etc. 
  thing set up ? 
  i do the same ofcourse ... anything else would be just hypocritical , i just find it funny/sad, 
   but even we are not free of fault here - we should have sent money much earlier . 
  it is n't very easy to do since it will be met by domestic opposition , but it is still the right thing to do . 
  indeed , and also have taken care of the problem in greece earlier and supported them , then the whole disaster with merkel did n't have to happen ... 
  i really dislike how merkel handled the whole situation ... but from a completely different position than most people on here i guess xd, 
  100 % aggree , the wave only really started happening after those camps ran out of money , which was extremely shortsighted !, 
  ofcourse it was a loan the fgr is a gmbh !!!!!!, 
  it is a private corporation that has the power to demand a fee . 
  and has some other very special stuff . 
  this was specifically done so to limit government influence on the stations . 
  they also have councils that look after it , to make sure it is : objective ( important distinction between objective and neutral here btw ) , has a plurality of opinions , not influence of government/parties etc.
