  maybe thats because the refuggee camps in jordan and lebanon were already complaining about running out of money to feed everyone years ago ? 
  and the west did not increase the money given to them ? 
  there used to be a few very very very very small super extreme groups like that more than a decade ago , but the far right kinda blew them out of proportion to show how bad the left is , they did however exist, 
  looking at the stats , right wing extremists have killed atleast 20 times as many people as islamists since reunification , sooooo idk seems like they are the scarier group, 
  far right extremists have killed between 60 and 160 people ( using conservative numbers and iirc . 
  ignoring a lot of the more recent news about additional nsu victims ) , since reunification , in the same time frame islamists have killed a tiny fraction like 1/20 to 1/80 the people in germany, 
  antifa does not equal anti-german tho, 
  anti-germans to a large part hate putin these days , then again those guys are weird/crazy sooo who really knows, 
  idk , but they are n't reichsb\u00fcrger as those deny the very existance of the fgr, 
  i know anecdotal evidence is stupid , but i have never meet a queer person in my life bisexual german here , lots of gay , and especially bisexual germans everywhere lol wan na meet up somewhere so you can finally feel accomplished , finally having met a queer person ? 
  i do n't know a lot about money in poland , so i 'd like to ask how that generally compares like what other professions would you say are about equal to that, 
   nobel prizes are for things that `` benefit humanity '' . 
  in theory , a lot of the physics nobbel prices are about basic research not applied stuff tho . 
  he even told us one or two short stories about cauchy !, 
  one of them beeing about his family where basically everyone was some crazy smart mathematician/scientist, 
   ( i 'm certain string theorists find a use for anything , however . ), 
  depending on which side you stand on you can see that as a positive or a negative =p, 
  yea !, 
  like a fuckton of math , its sad that math always get pushed in the background ( like nobelprice ) , but as a physics student , i literally ( obviously ) could do fuck all without people like riemann , gauss , leibniz , or my math profs favorite person ever cauchy !, 
  while i am against quite a few of these aggreements . 
  we already have a ton of free trade aggreements , and a ton of aggreements with those `` secret courts '' , and aslong as we are the bigger partner ( which until the us or china comes we are ) so far it has n't lowered our standards much . 
  trade aggreements with such courts is how we rape a lot of africa . 
  basically we use their market for food to subsidise european agriculture , and if they want to do anything against it they 'd get fucked , leading to lots of unemployment and also the stupid situation of nations not actually beeing responsible for a lot of their own food supply, 
  the deal is super in favour of the eu , so its basically canada sucking up to the eu aswell , do n't worry, 
  do n't forget that a lot of witnesses are slowly dying , it feel really fucked up, 
   and yet none of which have no migrants background . 
  depends , i would i.e. 
  call the nsu a terrorist organisation, 
  do n't be so angry , also i 'm not talking about the middle class but the upper class that would be the one affected by the wealth tax . 
  thats exactly how i feel , i want merkel gone , along with the cdu/csu , but fuck me man , i 'd belying if i was n't cheering hardcore for them against the afd, 
  liberal meaning what exactly ? 
  like the us version or the european version of that term ? 
   oh wait , i know , for protectionism . 
  not so much protectionism ( as that would mean favouring your own shit over other countries diesels which is n't the case with that specific example ) but rather just the insane influence these corporations do have , which they used to get the tests as lax, 
  jup , and the german government ( french aswell i think ? ), 
  is lobying haaaaard to keep the tests as bad as they are, 
  infact the dutch were even more hardcore than sch\u00e4uble , it really puzzles me how he can turn this into a germany evil thing . 
  like there is a bunch of stupid shit going on in germany , but this is n't a good example to choose, 
  we do n't even have a wealth tax anymore ... 
  not at all since nazism never intends to give the means of production or power to the workers . 
  the socialism part of their name comes from the early days ( aswell as trying to get workers for them as communism/socialism are the big worker ideologies ) , however in the mid 20s hitler officially denounced socialism ( aswell as the socialist policy proposals that they actually had in their party programm before that ) as a jewish conspiracy against the german people . 
  every big-ish socialist that did n't leave after that was killed in the `` night of the long knifes '' cleansing the party of any socialist thought left in it . 
  so while it might have started out with some socialist tendencies in it , when the nazi party and nazism at the time they really took the control , has almost nothing to do with socialism . 
  not at all , the reality is the reality , it does not care about beeing comforting or nice, 
  one of the big reasons would be the desaster that was storage . 
  they told the german public they found sites that would last for thousands of years where they could safely store it . 
  then after like 6 years , thanks to government and company incompetence ( aswell as probably greed ) , people found out there were strucutral problems , the radio active waste was leaking into drinking water of the nearby town ( s ) . 
  they need to evacuate all of it now , they still have n't found a good alternative , funnily enough the most pro nuclear states ( like bavaria ) also block any attempt to look for a storage site on their territory . 
  currently the committee to investigate nuclear waste storage etc. 
  estimates that the current amount of waste will cost the taxpayer between 60 and 80 billion euros . 
  there was so much incompetence and so many failures , that a lot of people got fed up and did n't have any trust in the goverment/companies to do a good enough job so that everything stays safe . 
  not really , certain rethorik and insignia is , but the entire ideology is not banned ( tho you could argue banning some integral parts like ethnic cleansing might be equivalent to banning the whole thing ), 
  it did n't , he is just using the typical `` but what about the left ? '', 
  strategy , thats become popular whenever nazis or other far right `` experience oriented '' people do shit, 
  in germany the police is actually a lot more friendly towards the far right than the far left =p, 
  only a subsection tho , not all rightwingers are fascist but all fascists are right wing . 
  nahh i 'm too left for that xd, 
  either far right or islamic ( turned out to be islamic ) , both sides are getting pretty aggressive in the east it seems, 
  while i disaggree with them politically , they are indeed pretty trustworthy when it comes to newsstories, 
  / r/de far left , really ? 
  especially in matters about refuggees it really depends , it can swing either way , depending on who 's awake it seems . 
  it is nowhere close to an actual far left echo chamber , atleast from my personal experience, 
  sure but chemnitz was an area with like a lot of far right stuff going on , atleast i remember hearing the name from like newsstories of that sort . 
  i might be mistaken tho, 
   and havent been reffered to as nazi for your opinion it generally means you have been born less than 5 minutes ago either a nazi , or if you are left leaning , someone that hates his country and feel super ashamed and wants all germans to die and thinks black people are somehow superior to white people, 
  that is ( and i 'm not saying its true ) , a very prevelant germans have about the brittish , that they ca n't forget their empire and still live on in their dream , well if they are not passed out in their vomit after a football match . 
  then again some nations might have a very good reason to try and move on from history =p, 
  i heard they use organs in some strange ritual sacrifices to their gods over there , truly savages, 
  yup , i stopped , but not after trying to hold the trenches against my countrymen ( who i remember beeing the most aggressive against them , but maybe its just because them beeing so aggressive bothered me the most ) , in like a ww1 reinactment, 
  ehh calling us `` the continent '' is n't that bad . 
  or when you called us `` old europe '' because we did n't join the iraq war was n't too bad either , infact we used it in a slightly ironic way to portray ourselfs as cultured and sophisticated . 
  the whole nazis trying to dominate europe through the eu once again , however , that was somewhat annoying, 
  i do n't mind at all !, 
  have fun !, 
  learning about all the different rules for the first time , and the thrill of bending them slightly , oh god i wish i could experience that again, 
  ohh thats something i was wondering , since the church still is somewhat influencial in poland , do you see a few modern churches beeing built aswell ? 
  or is it mostly maintaining old ones like here ? 
  you get your bike once poles give me back my knoppers , what am i supposed to do 9:30 am now ? 
  my entire schedule is thrown off !!, 
  i can completely understand how you feel , as a left-leaning german i do get the feeling a lot of the time ... 
  i only know about it thanks to qi , so yea, 
  i 'd rather have strong investment into infrastructure , research , education etc. 
  in order to boost economy instead of just cutting taxes . 
  it is too late for that , leaving the euro was an option at the very beginning ( before syrizia ) of the crisis , the economy is too destroyed , it wo n't pick up again and you 'll end up with incredible inflation . 
  afterwards the brits will retaliate with their own armada , getting absolutely destroyed , loosing worse than the spanish armada ever did , and then never talk about it again !, 
  but they themselfs oftentimes created fanatics . 
  take iran as an example , they had a secular democracy , that was just about to take back the oil the british had `` earned '' through colonialism , and started rolling out social security and healthcare las . 
  those two things combined were n't liked , so the us toppled the democratic secular government , and installed the shah , the shah destroyed ( brutally ) any opposition from the left . 
  the only possibility for people to meet up and discuss stuff was in religious circles ( as those unlike leftist circles were n't monitored as heavy , killed as heavy , tortured as heavy ) , which means the only possible revolution was a religious one since the left was destroyed , then a peacefull religious revolution happened and you end up with the current bullshit state iran is in . 
  the dictator the us installed was completely counter-productive to reducing religious extremists, 
  where are storch and her willingness to shoot kids when you actually need them ? 
  that is the real question here, 
  three times a charm is the saying , right ? 
  cameron warned of this, 
  as a physicist it always makes me a bit more dissapointed when people just outright dismiss philosophical things and concepts because they are not `` scientific '' , philosophy is infact quite rigorous , even if it works differently than `` hard science '', 
  or the munich shooting , which everyone immediately thought was a terrorist attack , then turned out to not be that at all, 
  maybe reopen those torture camps they closed in 68 ? 
  a little child needs to be disciplined after attacking a radio station !!! 11 !, 
  yea i have a leftist uk friend that thought about voting leave , hoping to be able to wrestle power away from brussels and into socialist hands that turns the uk into a paradise . 
  problem with that ofcourse is that the people in power in the uk are not really socialists and if you look at the record , often times it has been the eu stopping the tories from making stuff much worse for workers,
