  as an example , the zdf council a couple years ago found that the zdf did lign up too much with government opinion in its programm and forced the forced it to change it !, 
  so while they are public , they are very explicitly not state owned, 
  not state owned , but yes i think !, 
  ahh he is a honorary citizen to many of us !, 
  look a chicken in die eeeeyee, 
  i love you , you know that , right ? 
  well two where he raps in the persona of polizistensohn , here is the second one : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q72izzpluqs, 
  he came through zdf_neo which is explicitly targeting a younger audience , and he got big enough on there to warrant a spot on the big channel !, 
  both polizistensohn songs are awesome !, 
  it is somewhat common yes , in jokes are the most common type of humour i 'd say tho , cynical/sarcastic dry stuff is maybe number 3 , really really bad wordplays is number 2 . 
  this does vary a lot with region and age tho , also self depricating humour sadly is still not all that common, 
  i know and i do n't mind the normal insulting law since judges generally act correctly on it , but i dislike the extra special law for certain people thing going on with crimen maiestatis, 
  americans ( from my experience ) have somewhat of a hard time getting sarcasm , probably has to do with cultural differences and how its delivered here and there, 
  something like this would n't get it , but yea i hope they fucking hurry up, 
  yea probably . 
  the sad thing is , they used to be constantly at a really high level , idk what happened ( probably money as most printed press has that problem these days ) , but for many years now they 've been kind of spotty , and lacking a lot of the time , resorting to clickbaity stuff , articles not beeing that high in quality or that well researched , but they still have a little bit of that excellence left , shine through every now and then, 
  idk , the spiegel also floods with a bunch of bullshit and then has a few super good articles , consistency is n't their strong point, 
  we tried ... 
  from my german perspective , they seem to use rather little of it , which i think might be one of the reasons for the german no humor stereotype , when i talk to american friends i am still as dry and sarcastic and normal but they seem to take a long time to pick up on it : /, 
   a big problem for the brits , as far as i am concerned , is your accent . 
  this is why i 'm so happy about having a friend that trained himself to speak cockney accent ( for whatever reason , he studies linguistics now soo atleast he does what makes him happy !, 
  ) , after i was able to understand him during english class i had only run into problems with an accent once ( some southern american one ), 
  no i think that is good criticism , just because other countries suck even worse and fuck their statistics up even more than us does n't mean we should n't hold our institutions to higher standards demanding percentages that are as accurate as possible, 
  ohh i do n't know why i said recent , i meant the big famous one a couple of years ago , idk why i thought it happened recently , time flies by i guess, 
  it is not the powerplant that i worry about tho , since those generate money , its the storage , and yes if we do that i 'd be fine with it , obviously , but i just do n't think that will happen, 
  with a half time thats way shorter tho , way easier to take care of something you only need to look after for 80 years , compared to something that can be dangerous for thousands of years , some people ( like me ) just do n't trust corporations and politicians not to fuck up in that long time, 
  but thats the problem i personally have with it , it can be done , norway ( or was it sweden ? ), 
  is currently doing pretty good work on the storage side of things , but after that recent fuck-up i just do n't have the trust in our politicians and corporations to do a good enough job with it : /, 
  would look totally fucking sick tho , would n't it ? 
  it was n't the parliament that blocked it but baltic states tho ? 
  germany was the biggest supporter of southstream tho ? 
  it encouraged and wanted new discussion to try and save the project till the very end, 
  the problem was rather the incompetence of our politicians and the corporations involved , they had this huge storage area , told us it would last thousands of years and everything would be fine , and then after like 4 years it was found to leak radioactive waste into the ground ( and therefor also drinking ) water . 
  are you really that stupid ? 
  you talked about importatn child rapists , the other commenter said that most of our child rapists are christians and provided a source for it , then you wanted to go off on him because he did n't like to marriages , to which he responded that you asked talked about rapes specifically not marriages so his point is valid . 
  the group of child rapists is obviously a lot large than the group of poeple marrying children as , people ca n't marry children without beeing a child rapists but you can rape a child without marrying it ... 
  they are not one and the same group , just like vw does not equal car , one encompasses the other group ... that is why answering your post with something about child rapists , is the correct answer and limiting it to child marriage thereafter is retarded since that was not what you originally talked about ... thats pretty simple logic , even you can understand that , right ? 
  you talked about child rapists , he did to , then you asked what is the difference between child rapists and child marriage , the answer is one can be a child rapist without marrying them , its pretty obvious, 
  why only germany , a lot of major countries such as the french and the uk ( also netherlands and some other smaller countries ) are involved in this . - . 
  the current ones were super old and way over the original planned deadline , so no running them for much longer was not the best of ideas , they were gon na be shut down either way , only a question if they will be replaced or not, 
  yea it is still ongoing but most of the people coming from the ukraine to poland are from the west and are coming for work , almost noone applies for asylum , so they are just a cheap workforce, 
  that you can rape someone without marrying them ? 
  the eu is not a nationstate and i doubt it ever will be , it does n't bother me ( not at all infact i do n't reallly care much for nationstates ) but it will bother the far right, 
  completely disaggree the country where the company comes from should n't matter aslong as the country also allows equal access to their companies , thats the problem with china , not that they are n't non-eu, 
  noone has ever used them before , most people probably do n't even know that the president even holds these kinds of powers, 
  public outrage , the definition of a shitstorm, 
  i said shitstorm not constitutional crisis . - . 
  sadly ( for me ) the last couple episodes wandered a bit too far into crazy conspiracy land : / but when they are good they are extremely good !, 
  he has some actual powers ( unlike the german president who 's only power is to not sign a law after which he most likely must resign ) , but those have never been used , to use them now could start a major shitstorm, 
  i think s\u00fcdtirol is higher up on the agenda list !, 
  there is a joke about the experiences learned from the world wars ( trying to explain different modern viewpoints ) : two people ( in a german satire show ) talk to eachother about interventionism and wars aswell as historic context etc. 
  i 'll just jump right into the interesting part ohh and ofcourse only praraphrasing : a : `` so , what did we learn from world war 1 ? '', 
  b : `` well , in order to try and avoid complete and absolute catastrophy you have to understand other peoples viewpoints and positions and accept that the world and geopolitics is a rather complex thing . '', 
  a : `` indeed , but that would be difficult and require way too much work , so we jump to world war 2 as guidance instead of world war 1 , what did we learn there ? '', 
  easy !, 
  never again war ! '', 
  a : `` but you are not considering that that is only the lesson for the loosing , the german faction '' b : `` and what would the allies have learned from world war 2 ? '', 
  a : `` simple . 
  you have to start earlier , to be done sooner ! '', 
  no since there are two different definitions : `` safe country of origin '' turkey fullfills that part so they are not autmatically ready for asylum `` safe third country '' a country that can take care of refuggees , turkey is not officially recognised as a safe third country as they do n't follow a lot of the treaties ( e.g. 
  if they war in your country does n't end soon enough they just throw you out into one of its neighbour countries despite you still needing asylum somewhere ), 
  most syrians also stay in the neighbouring countries ( so many so that a couple of years ago already there was food shortage and lots of starvation which lead to the first big wave ) , and most ukrainians do n't emigrate for `` safe countries '' as they are mostly from western ukraine not eastern, 
  trends do come and go every so often ... 
  go fuck yourselfs with all that guilt nonesense , i 'm tired of hiring right wingers go on about something this retarded ... 
  well some people are idealists ... 
  while i can see your point , the thing is that the meaning of words changes based on how people use it , what people use it and what people stop using it , while it used to be a perfectly fine word , because `` normal '' people stopped using it and mostly more racist kept on using it the meaning of the word changed . 
  uk , there were actually a few people among the left/far-left that were for brexit , not everyone there was a rightwinger, 
  adoption rights and some other `` minor '' stuff yea, 
  i mean ... thats kind of the problem here, 
  you say that , but i have leftist friends that seriously think this might be an opportunity to turn britain into a social democratic heaven !, 
  hahahahahaha , yea no the poles are all dirty car thieves and every romanian is a gypsy in their eyes , slaves are subhuman , when they talk about the occident they only mean western europe . 
  yea , the changes to rape law was mostly symbolic aswell other than the grabscher addition ... idk man we do n't seem to have many capable politicians left in this country , then again i 'm too young to remember maybe we never had them and it just looks better looking back from now, 
  i do n't know man ... 
  while the eu in its current form looks kind of like a failed project from my very leftist perspective ... if you look at fights between the eu and the uk generally the eu was on the side of the workers stopping the tories from getting rid of lots of labour protection etc. 
  this might turn out to not have been a fight against business but opening the door to much more neo-liberalism ... 
  the koran actually has quite a few `` similiar '' stories that it claims to be original , this stems from it beeing written down so much later , from what was before that an oral tradition , so a few of the stories that are supposed to be original were stories appropriated from other religious influences ( mostly judaism and christianity ), 
  any faith i had in us as a people was just destroyed right then and there in this line of comments ... 
  it does n't as both are not equal before the law yet , and most major steps in making it equal were forced through the eu courts rather than coming from us, 
  basically the same thing , heck those fuckers just copied most of it !!!, 
  yea continuity , and `` the real actual best prophet for realz this time '' if you are too lazy to come up with your own stories of why beeing gay is evil and unnatural then atleast admit it ... 
  maybe call them beforehand so they know not to fuck ? 
  but i imagine you 'd never thought of beeing that considerate ... oh the youth of today ... 
  the romanian beggars everywhere ? 
  or is that seen as working ? 
  do we still pride ourself for that , looking back it overall it seemed to kinda not have fullfilled its objective i 'd say ... tho then again only a sample size of 1 , maybe a few additional experiments need to be run, 
  first point : in germany churches do n't handle the important marriage ceremony ( you marry twice , once in a church and once infront of officials which is the important albeit smaller one ) secondly : the protestant church actually does gay weddings , they do take the civil union approach tho , they change two words but for 99.999 % of it its exactly the same thing the main problem would be the catholics , and seeing how they are strong in bavaria , and therefor the csu , which is super important for the cdu well it fucks everything up, 
  also her desicion might be influenced by the courts ruling that sending back refuggees would be unconstitutional , and her not wanting a humanitarian crisis in greece/italy ( not because of the goodness of her heart if she has anything like that , but rather for practical/stragetic reasons ), 
  he called them `` schlitzaugen '' which is a derrogative term almost on the level of going `` ching chong '' , he also said merkel will force mandatory gay marriage and insinuated that without gender quota there would be no women in high positions since they are not qualified to be ... 
  i 'd say thats kinda bad lol, 
  dress and act and everything normally . 
  infact you even get to ask questions whatever you like !, 
  they made the mistake with our class that the questions were written down anonymously beforehand , and since my class was full of edgelords , the imam then had to read out and answer a few questions about muhammed beeing a warlord/childrapist etc. 
  jup , its the same way i see sex ed . 
  you ca n't trust parents to properly inform their kids because their ideologies cloud their judgement !, 
  you german ? 
  because i never heard about that , here in bavaria everyone has to go . 
  infact a muslim family just recently lost a trial at the constitutional court because they wanted to exempt their daughter from participating in school events they did n't like because of their faith, 
  well it kind of is , if i do n't let my kid go to sex ed , swimming courses , biology , the physics classes where we talk about early universe , the atheist philosphy part of religious education , history classes talking about attrocities beeing committed in the name of religion etc. 
  just because i 'm muslim and do n't want my kid to learn about that shit then it is basically the same as the problem with homeschooling where you just select whatever you like . 
  i find that very troubling , every kid desserves to be prepared and educated about the world and religions are still a very important part of it,
