  if you mean that we will get new bombing technology that could wipe us out even easier once we accomplish to make fusion a viable energy source , then that is factually wrong as we already have that , its called the h-bomb . 
  if you mean fusion power plants can go boom and kill us all if something fails then that is factually wrong as they require a constant influx of power to keep going , once something fucks up power is cut and the thing just dies . 
  thank you !, 
  i have colour blindness can you trell me which line is which please , ty, 
  hitler also said in 1926 that socialism was invented by the jews to weaken the germans, 
  nah s\u00fcddeutsche ist still really fucking good , it leans slightly left , but is mostly center , it has nowhere near a gigantic left agenda, 
  huh ? 
  it showed up with trump atleast , showing high support with white women, 
   ( btw anne will is great ) really ? 
  i really dislike her these days , she brings in very vocal people , aswell as a lot of people that have no real clue but just want to promote their book ( those two groups are not mutually exclusive ) , and then because she sucks at moderating the whole thing the not super shouty/vocal people just never get to say anything while the vocal people shout at eachother . 
  i very much prefer the ` phoenix runde ' that one has good moderators and very informed guests and like no shouting matches but actually interesting discussion . 
  in comparison anne will just pales ... 
  24/7 newsmedia ... 
  less 50/50 than last time !, 
  holy shit , i honestly thought the extra time would help hofer as he was talking about how everything was rigged , but maybe the close call for the last elections motivated a lot more people to go and actually vote ? 
  nope that was waaay before i had any interest in politics , mind enlighten me ? 
  petry no chance , but lepen could happen and even 2 out of 3 would be bad enough, 
  sure but i 'd assume that if the landing was the main focus they 'd put more effort into it , the lander was supposed to test shit , and it send back a lot of information this will be used for the 2020 rover , if that one fails i 'm willing to go down a defeatist route but i do 100 % think this will be the main thing for the esa to proove themselfs, 
  yea i know that , but the main focus of the mission was to bring a satellite in orbit around mars ( the biggest object to ever orbit something that far away ) and that was a full success . 
  so overall that mission was a success i 'd say , the landing was not the main focus . 
  what is esa 's record , the only mission i remember much from was the recent one which was mostly a success . 
  well esa will be sending a rover to mars in 2020 sooo, 
   hofer is by far the most disgusting person on the political stage . 
  i always thought hc strache was worse ... 
  i have given up on austria and do n't know enough about the situation in italy ( someoone clue me in please < 3 ) , currently i 'm just hoping for france and germany not to go full retard ... 
  we still have more than enough seeing how we are still running a gigantic surplus despite the money spent on refuggees , this is no excuse, 
   the real refugees could be helped outside europe . 
  which we should have done , but because of lack of funding a lot of the big refuggee camps were running low on food which was when the refuggee crisis started, 
  i find it sad that france contributes more than us do , we have a bigger economy like wtf merkel, 
  but are n't clinton supporters the majority seeing how she won the popular vote by like 2 million ? 
  we do not get as high quality nature documentaries ( sadly ) , but the political ones are actually pretty good , the two `` es begann mit einer l\u00fcge '' about the lies told to motivate people in the balkan conflict ( by german officials ) and the ones told in the iraq invasion , are really worth checking out . 
  phoenix ( one of the ard channels ) e.g. 
  is really really good when it comes to political stuff . 
  the ard also has one of the biggest networks of journalists . 
  the problem mainly arises imo . 
  from the fact that everything is highly federalised ( can i use that here ? 
  ) , meaning states have their own ard channel ( next to the big one ) , with their own local news report , their own local tv shows etc. 
  this drains a whole lot of money . 
  just real quick , it is not a tax eventhough it functions a bit similiar to one, 
  i think you misunderstood me , i am in no way trying to say this is not an issue , infact i elaborated on it to show how much more of an issue it is ... 
  uhh no ? 
  i 'm okay with humane treatment , i just do n't want them to directly fund them tbh ... 
  historic burdens are quite annoying , and i aggree i 'd rather have it gone but i can kinda understand why its here , also it kinda helps us atheists out with making people actually consider how muhc they care . 
  i would guess american alt-right but thats just because they are very loud and in america you invest your money into pension funds !, 
  but i 'm not sure how it works in other countries so that is just a slightly educated guess, 
   now where do you think that money goes to ? 
  it 's invested into some safe funds until you retire , i think you might be the stupid ( or uninformed about germany , but seeing how you still act like an expert i would classify that as stupid aswell ) one , that is not at all how that works and anyone that has looked at the demographic problems ( not talking about `` evul foreigners but the lack of young people ) of germany would know that . 
   my ex deregistered this year . 
  cost her like $ 30 to the government to leave the church . 
  the 30 $ are for the paperwork , you will ( atleast in germany i thought that was common everywhere ) always have to pay for anything that involved paperwork . 
  i always thought the racist stereotype was that bankers are jews ? 
  i guess they are muslims now too according to op hmmm, 
  i 'd be surprised to find out that they are helping the far left out as much as the far right , that would actually really surprise me, 
  huh ? 
  i do n't understand your point ( because ops post has nothing to do with the man itself ), 
  ca n't have zecken burning cars now can we , but far right terrorist groups murdering people , those are super fine we 'll even give them some money !, 
  ehh i guess his views falls in line with the other group they are undermined with , the far right , there have been scandals and disasters when it comes to the verfassungsschutz and the far right for years now , and now they have ideologues of a very similiar ideology in their midst . 
  as a lefty i feel kinda cheated tho , when will we get our own organisation to undermine ? 
  because the us has so much lower crimerates and is such a superior society ... 
   this all seems hugely misogynist . 
  have you ever seen any of those dating/dealing with women subreddits on reddit ? 
  my point is , everything having to do with pick up artists and `` learning techniques to fuck women '' etc. 
  is deeply misogynistic, 
   aaand there it is . 
  western women are only good for fucking . 
  idk , i think everyone has/had partners that they probably would n't marry, 
  it depends , some of them started calling themselfs winter market in order to be able to go on for longer !, 
  they pretend to be , and should be treated at such, 
  taz these days is a bit less extreme , but yes to a lesser degree they do something similiar, 
  i 'd guess its the same as germans that dislike merkel and come here to defend her , i dislike her immensely but a lot of what is posted on here or worse on worldnews , is just factually wrong , or generalises all german people in a retarded way, 
  but hitler had already acted long before they first moved ? 
  rebuilding the wehrmacht etc. 
  was already acting , if hitler only had the tiny army but talked bit ignoring him would n't have been a problem, 
  no by quite a large group , remember all the phone calls and harassment they got when they said they bribed the world cup to germany ? 
  its projected to create a few jobs yea, 
  i have n't read anything about loss of jobs , but it also would n't create a lot more, 
  ch is super left wing lol, 
  there have been tries to outright ban titanic because the upset sports fans or catholics, 
  so far the only religious joke any satire magazin got in trouble for was one about catholics soooooooo i doubt it . 
  according to the editor of titanic , in germany sports fans and catholics both react much worse to jokes about them/their idols than muslims, 
  i mean titanic generally goes for the same type of just beat everyone to death kind of humor that i 've seen with charlie hebdo so far , so maybe it can succeed ? 
  wait catholicism is actually the recognized state religion ? 
  poland does n't even have secularism ? 
  hahaha wow, 
  it is already illegal if the uniform makes you look like a police officer , but they did n't, 
  they are social democrats , and have almost nothing social democratic about them anymore , not even die linke other than a few crazies in western germany is socialist, 
  well scotland would be the base of operations i thought , same as not the whole iraq was full of oil but you kinda needed to invade all of it, 
  there is quite a lot of oil in scotland , once again you demonstrated the great geographical knowledge of the american people o7, 
   is the afd still untouchable in the german political system ? 
  i mean even if they were n't they already proclaimed to not under any circumstances work together with anyone in a coaltion lol, 
  not entirely , they are still worse off when it comes to adoption and a bunch of other stuff , they are mostly the same but not 100 % yet, 
  the csu would execute her on the spot, 
  rand paul is also pretty retarded if you look at him closer tbh, 
  uhh did n't we kind of loose the war anyways ? 
  or did i miss one ? 
   nor did they know of concentration camps . 
  yes they did , but thanks to high walls and a good location that was accessible enough but not in everyones face , it was really easy for people to just ignore it , think about it similarly how in the us everyone basically knew that people were beeing tortured , but it was very easy to ignore aslong aslong as noone leaked shit and made you actually see it people did n't want to confront the reality but a lot of them knew more or less what was happening, 
  nope , got put into office by von hindenburg in 1933 thats why the `` machtergreifung '' was more of a `` machterschelifung '' , after hindenburg died thanks to beeing an old fuck , hitler gave himself all powers ( because of retarded laws that were passed ( cuz spooky scary communist terrorists will kill us all ) and because of how the system was set up over all ) , in 1936 when the nazis won the majority that was n't free elections anymore . 
  people that voted then were observed by nazis , one of the biggest anti-nazi parties ( kpd , communists ) was banned by them already , and the only party that stood up to hitler and voted against his nomination in 1936 , the spd , were rewarded for their bravery by a nice trip to a work camp . 
  so no hitler was never elected in a democratic election , yes the nazis got about 36 % once which is quite a lot , waay too much if you ask me , but they never had 50 % or more , and at the time hitler was given power by hindenburg they were already loosing support ( that election they got only around 30 % ) .
