  that is just wrong , the 2008 crisis and the eu crisis did n't happen because germany controlled the euro , infact at that time germany showed very little leadership and was only one of many countries , it is only recently that germany tried to show leadership , because other countries cried out for it . 
  not really , it is not like other countries are going to pay more just because germany pays less , also like 70 % of nato countries do n't fullfill the requirement and germany is also investing the most money into the eu trying to keep it stable , that is also huge for nato . 
  and it worked out great , delaying the plans to invade russia for like 6-8 weeks , could possibly have been the reason germany lost on the eastern front . 
  and against popular believe , that is actually what lost germany the war , at the time of d-day germany had already lost , they lost to the soviets where they send all their best equipment and best generals it was only a matter of time until they would have been overrun . 
  but then again maybe that was a blessing in disguise , germany would n't have won the war anyways , and if we stayed alive for longer and could have bolstered more forces vs the west ( which we would have after defeating the east in theory ) there was a chance that the atomic bombs could have been thrown down on us . 
  eventhough that was a bit less likely , cuz we were white , and it was harder to do such a thing to people you are related to through your ancestors and that look like you , compared to the evil japanese !, 
  for the eu , germany would lose out on a really profitable market and a cheap currency , but from what i have heard the euro too would n't profit . 
  but if germany leaves so will all the bailout money aswell ... germany has contributed the most by far for keeping the euro countries alive . 
  i understand your argument , and yea it is really really helpfull to germany/and hurtfull to non german euro countries that germany can export using the low euro , however most economists i have heard talking about this said that the euro would collapse without the support of germany . 
  again i 'd really love some indepth sources on that so i can read all the different aspects taken into account and learn a bit more , 
  it probably would be , but i am not sure if all the countries and parties would be okay with that . 
  in many places ( like the uk for example ) the eu is n't seen that positively , and people do n't want it to take a more integral part on how things are done , they want it to be a partnership of the countries not basically a country with smaller states ( the states beeing the current eu countries ) , therefor anything like that probably wo n't happen . 
  but yea it would be cheaper and more coordinated . 
  got any sources on that ( and i mean a lot of sources ) because i have actually never heard this , up till now i have constantly heard that the euro would fall apart without germany backing it . 
  but that might only be biased german media :d so please show me a few sources so that i have some stuff to read . 
  edit : also i mean from a europe perspective , not german perspective btw . 
  everybody other than turkey , greece , france the us and england are below the 2 % i am sorry but you want to also throw all those countries out ? 
  right now germany is paying for the stability of the eu , that is another way to help the goals of nato ( which is to keep every member safe ) , an unstable eu would be horrible in a time of a potentially aggressiv russia ( aggressiv against nato members i mean ) . 
  it is not like germany does n't do anything , and it is also not like germany is the only country to be under the 2 % . 
  lol wan na honestly do this and completely collapse the eu , okay not gon na be a lot of fun see everything falling apart :d, 
  eastern eu yes !, 
  but southern and wester eu nope !, 
  during the time of reunification , the standard of living in the western and southern european countries got to a waaay higher level than the german one . 
  in some cases it was n't even remotely justified too , they were getting a way higher percentage of wage increase compared to their economical growth . 
  at the same time , germany did not see nearly any wage increases while growing an growing , this was due to money beeing shifted into the newer parts of the brd , the east german parts . 
  the second reason for the lower wage increase is that in talks between the industry and the various unions , the deals did not give any wage increase but more security for the workers . 
  ( this however only happened too because of reunification , because jobs were n't as safe anymore ) this is the reason , while in recent years , the unions had so many strikes ( comparatively for german levels ) etc. , because after reunification was mostly handled the workers finally wanted to see some more of the money made from the economical success , however then came the eu crisis :( we also cut a lot of our welfare programs and security nets in order to be able to pay for reunification . 
  we went through very similiar austerity programs and austerity measures that later then tried to get the rest of the eu to do . 
  so compared to poland etc. 
  yea that was the case , but compared to france , spain , italy , greece etc. 
  that was not as much/not at all the case :d, 
  well lets try it out then , or are you italians are going to help us as gloriously again as the last time ? 
  :d ( just as a side note , this was only a joke , i hope i do n't offend you , if i do i can delete this comment , i understand how stupid some of this jokes can be ( like the unoriginal nazi jokes ) but as far as i know , there are n't that many italy ww2 jokes . ), 
  i should n't believe random redditors , thank you for clearing that up , 
  germany is not ready for a few reasons , we first started dropping under the 2 % after the cold war ended , this had 2 reasons : no big bad guy anymore . 
  reunification costs a lot of money , the german standard of living did n't increase for 6 years after reunification , even after quite a few big cuts had been made , while everywhere else in europe , the standard of living went up a lot . 
  and then we have to still bail a lot of the eu out , to stem the cost of that , again more cuts have been made ( together with the seemingly weird one of not buying more repair parts , whihc is the reason that basically non of our helicopters are actually able to fly right now lol ) . 
  how i view it is , germany is also paying to assure the security of the eu/west , it is helping against russia , but not through military spending , but through trying to create more stability in the region itself , the easiest way to fall to an enemy is when your own region is in chaos ... 
  i do think we should spend a bit more tho , atleast to be kind of ready lol just trying to explain a part of the reasons as to why this is happening , 
  germany paid by far the most in the bail-out ( which was one of my apparently 30-50 year old points ) , also we were one of the nations who were the most against printing more money to devaluate the euro , because we still have haunting memories of inflation !, 
  if you work in our factories , you will get the same pay as a german ... we are doing more and more to get rid of our dependency on gas , and also were one of the countries that pushed sanctions the most/fastest . 
  most countries in the eu do n't spend 2 % of their gdp on defence . 
  it still seems like one of the worse cuts they could have made personally , im not a big fan of spending too much on military , but surely there was something else we could get rid of other than the parts we need to repair our stuff , no ? 
  edit : i am not talking about getting rid of social security or something , but there surely have to be other parts , like not buying new stuff , cutting down other military spending , but repair parts just seem soo essential to me ... 
  now that that is out of the way we need to do something about it , i think most of the eu ( germany beeing one of those parts ) have become to reliant on the us to do everything . 
  for most parts of our recent history we were never planned to have any military influence in the world , however times are changeing , and while i am not in favor of some giant militarisation , we should atleast get closer to spending the 2 % gdp . 
  also , why the fuck did the bundeswehr stop ordering parts to repair their stuff , how fucking stupid was that ? 
  also the one that took the biggest hit after the east fell ( reunification was a really really pricy bill to pay , germans experienced no higher standard of living for the higher standard of living in the next 6 years after reunification , while the standard of living ( i hope that actually is the correct english term ) was going up in every other eu country , at an unreasonable level for them i might add ) . 
  and then also the country that is paying for the stability for a big part of the eu . 
  it is not like germany is not doing anything to help , i would say we are contributing quite a lot actually , just in other forms other than military . 
  ofcourse it is not perfect , and we should improve the rediness of the bundeswehr probably ( eventhough if russia tries to attack a nato member , the nukes are gon na go off anyways ... ) , however the whole , ohh germany is not doing anything at all they are assholes that only care about themselfs and only exploit everyone age thing is stupid ... 
  there is a difference tho , the thing that i describe as pulling the nazi card is : hey you are germany so whenever you do something we do n't like we are going to say something about nazi germany , just like you did with saying that germans view you as subhuman , which is a core part of the nazi ideology . 
  you ca n't pull the nazi card on ukraine tho , the nazi card by defenition ( and how it commonly used ) does n't mean , describing something that is naziesque as naziessque , it is saying yea , but you were nazi 's so you do n't have any right to talk about it , or yea you did this , well clearly you are nazis because of your history . 
  negating a point because of nazi history is playin the nazi card , which nearly only ever happens to germany ( there are different kind of cards played against different countries ) . 
  the problem with some stuff going on in the ukraine , is that there are people literally with swastikas and other nazi symbols , while at the same time you have politicians and common people expressing nazi-like beliefs , that is not playing the nazi card on anyone that is just an observation . 
  that is really weird , what part of germany did you go too ?? 
  i do n't know anyone personally that would make fun of a stranger because he is from the ukraine !, 
  i never once heard anyone say that ukrainians were subhuman , i did however hear people say that we should n't go too all-in on it , we are depending on russian oil and we did n't want a giant conflict with russia . 
  in this modern world war is not an option , and germany has been one of the countries that actually got the sanctions by the eu to happen faster , they were very pro sanctions . 
  the russian economy will most likely face some big problems in the next years , also the ukrainian government is not all that perfect . 
  there are extremists in that government , it was established after a revolution , but they even tried to get rid of the same protestors that led to the revolution , those were still protesting because they say the government does not implement the things they wanted . 
  also , during the entirety of the conflict up till now , more civilians have been killed by ukrainian forces than by russian/separatist forces . 
  it is not all black and white and you ca n't just run into that whole mess without thinking about it . 
  i am not saying that germany handled everything perfectly , no we did n't , but the public opinion and the reaction by the government is n't nearly half as bad as you are saying , also nice to see you play the old : `` the germans think so and so are subhuman because nazi '' card , always lovely to see in every discussion regarding germany . 
  i actually found this genuinly funny , german journalism can bepretty onesided sometimes , and while i am clearly on the western side in this conflict , a lot of the coverage was overly biased and sensationalised and that is what this satirical show is getting at . 
  it is nothing about ukraine or russia itself , it is about the state of german journalism and atleast to me , quite entertaining , 
  ohh i did n't mean that actually , i fully understand how annoying this can be , just like with the nazi jokes , its like okay okay okay i 've heard that for the 1000000000000000time can you please atleast try and make a new more original or actually good version of it ? 
  ( because aslong as it is an actually original and funny nazi joke , i do n't really mind :d ) i was just trying to be funny , and in standard german manner , i apparently failed horribly at it ... my apologies if i have offended you , it was n't actually the purpose of what i wrote , 
  yea right !, 
  only germany is allowed to make those jokes !, 
  i do n't like bavarian women all that much tbh . 
  i think american women are better since there is more variety to pick and choose from :d also thanks to the giant fitness cult many look really fucking hot , we might not have as many obese people as you , but also not as many insanely fit people either :d, 
  feuerzangenbowle is amazing , nearly forgot about this ... germany also makes a lot of rubbish movies too tho  . < always kills me inside :(, 
  well to be fair , the way democracy was handled was n't the only reason it failed , there were a lot of reasons which if you want me i can go into in another post ( got myself some nice juicy points in abitur talking about this freely for 10 minutes and answering questions afterwards :d ) . 
  however , one of the big reasons as mentioned was that they allowed such parties , and it was n't even only the nazis and the communists , at some point during the weimar republik there were only 2-3 big parties ( the third one was kinda not 100 % sure about it but fairly sure about supporting ) that were for democracy , one of which the spd was the one who basically manufactured the whole democracy within the weimar republik . 
  and like 4 big parties that openly opposed democracy , and those were not only nazis and communist , also aristrocrats that wanted to bring back a monarchy/the kaiser and high ranking military officers amongst others had some kinda big parties that were openly against democracy !, 
  so after ww2 it was germanys top priority to never let something like that happen again , amongst other things they did the `` reinforced democracy bit '' because back in the weimar republik the spd was convinced that the people would see how awesome and good democracy is , and because democracy is better than anyhing else , it would naturally win . 
  that apparently was n't the case ( eventhough a lot of lucky things , for the nazi 's , and some really bad other stuff had to happen in order for it to go as bad as the third reich ) , so now we have to defend it to never become nazis again :d btw : i was n't saying u/subotan was saying anything wrong , just wanted to give more details for interested poeple :d, 
  i know it is probably asking a bit much , but could you elaborate , especially with a few sources ? 
  it is not that i do n't trust you , but that i am actually interested in this , all i ever got to know about ww2 in german school is how horrible germany was how much bad stuff germany did , how we lost to the eastern front after committing horrible war crimes which basically let to us loosing the war ( despite most people thinking it was d-day that ended it , it was over b4 atleast according to what i learned ) , and some other stuff about what germany tried in the west and how germans lived und er the regime . 
  we only mention the pacific theatre very briefly soo i am really interested to learn more :d hope you do n't mind < 3, 
  during the cold war , we held the 2 % perfectly , after that came reunification which was a giant cost , and we did cut military for that , and after that we now have/had to bail out failed eu states , germany already is investing a lot of money , maybe not militarily because germany has become a more peacefull nation , but into stability !, 
  and that is also helping europe against russia !, 
  i always thought and heard that nato was actually a defensive organization o_o, 
  what should germany do ? 
  putin wo n't attack any nato state otherwise it would be ww3 with nukes and we ca n't attack him , and if we get too involved he will do something stupid , since he is crazy and we have noooo idea how he could react to certain things ... also , if you kick germany out of the nato , nothing would change , germany is still part of the eu , so if someone attacks germany , the eu will help them which will lead to nato also having to help ... 
  it is probably a rebellious act to experience freedom !, 
  over here we are a pretty regulated society , and i do n't even mean by the government i mean the society itself , over here , even if there are no cars around you do n't cross the road at red lights for example , you could be setting a bad example for children and people will look at you with their icy german deathstares . 
  that is just one example i know but yea in general you always follow the rules unless you are out drinking in the middle of the night ... 
  so maybe , not choosing flairs is an act of trying to experience freedom , they finally can not follow the common rules/behavior and not get shunned by society !, 
  or maybe im just reading waaaaaay too much into it :d, 
  also germany is the most underrepresented country in the parliament too , we got as many guys there as france yet we have they have only 3/4 of our population . 
  the eu was a concept to tie germany to the west and to have economic interests between the eu countries , this would in theory lead to less conflict , because you would burn your own money getting involved in any conflict with anather eu member !, 
  i aggree , trying to send all the people we did n't like to russia to destabilize them ? 
  who would do that , am i right ? 
  guys ? 
  i wonder if there is a problem comparing different kinds of universities ... for example , the german universities still act differently than british or american ones ( they used to be even more different ! ), 
  so i guess it could be pretty hard to compare . 
  still interesting however , 
  waaaiiiit edl is actually english defence league ?
