  i think so , varoufakis even stated he was asked by ministers to formulate it vaguely so that they could sell it to their populace better , and since the bild has a lot of readers , and agitates the people against the greeks , the politicians over here have to be a lot more anti-greek and a lot more carefull in doing anything to help !, 
  tho i 'm not sure how much better it would be !, 
  also , it is a problem for all civil servants , priest etc. 
  might not be as important as teachers , but it still seems important to me that people like that can go on strike !, 
  also interesting about the teacher thing : civil servants are not allowed to strike , thats why teachers can strike now , because the ratio of normal employees to civil servants is now high enough to cripple schools if every normally employed teacher does n't come , whereas back in the day most of them were civil servants so they had no right to strike and schools would funtion !, 
  so the government is directly responsible for its own misery ( stiking teachers ) by not making them civil servants for which they would have to pay more !, 
  :d edit : also fuck bild ... 
  please tell me that they are starting to get ridiculed and not taken seriously anymore , because thats fucking crazy/scary :0, 
  wait what ? 
  i 've never heard about this part about german police having given up ... 
  the only thing i heard regarding german police and refuggees , i heard recently was that the police complained about the amount of bullshit and blatant lies postet on facebook that they now have to look at etc. 
  which all turns out to be lies . 
  like when people claimed that a edeka now that there is an asylum center nearby had a highly increased number of stuff beeing stolen and might soon have to close down due to this , and the manager then had to come out , and say ( over internet comments ridiculous ) that nothing like that has happened that there is not an increased number of stuff beeing stolen etc. 
  for which he then got insulted by rightwingers ... like just straight up bullshit like this . 
  so i really would like a source for your claim but it seems to be that you are talking out of your ass, 
  it did n't you lost the bet , so what do you do now ? 
  delete the account pay us all 500 bucks or what were you even betting ? 
  yea that wo n't really result in anything much , they will pay a waaaay too small fine and then be completely okay . 
  the car lobby in the us will try to make this as easy for them as possible , since in common law ( which the us does have unlike the civil law most of europe has ) it would set a precedent which would be really bad for them , since most of them probably have some not 100 % fine things going on aswell . 
  just look at what happened with bp , it will probably be much the same . 
  now i do n't like that personally but thats how it will be : /, 
  not the same in germany unless one of the parents is allowed to indefenitely stay in germany and has already been here for 8 years , or ofcourse one of the parents beeing a german citizen, 
  yes almost every morning , there are two in my old city and hundreds in munich and they all seem to fair very well , but they do n't get new people there anymore . 
  germany last year had like thousands of available jobs at bakeries that noone took because they did n't want to work those shifts . 
  where are you from ? 
  if you are from the us ofcourse you wo n't understand how its in germany ... 
  in germany you need about 7 years of residency to be able to apply for citizenship , you also need a job that is able ot provide for you and your family and good german , so its not like a 3 year residency permit is a pretty good guarantee of citizenship ... also we did it once already , sending most of the former refuggees from the balkans back home , itll probably happen this way again ... 
  he can cut the time down a lot if he can provide the neccessary papers proving a lot of his knowledge tho !, 
  it is perfectly logical from an evolutionary stand-point if you and your offspring are less likely to survive then you produce more offspring to up the chances of getting your genes going onto the next generations , even if you decrease the chance of each and every single one of them surviving individually the overall percentage gets higher !, 
  thats one of the reasons you see high birthrates in worse places , you need your kids to survive , atleast some of them , so that they take care of you when you are old or injured !, 
  well not all people are scientists , project managers and economists , actually a very small percentage of our population fits into that category , so i find it weird to expect every immigrant to be or declare them to be worthless if they are n't . 
  actually some of the jobs germany is lacking in the most right now are stuff like bakers etc. 
  manual jobs !, 
  so having people motivated to work is good , even if they need some more training , 
  no do n't you know , you have to be white to be actually able to contribute something to society !, 
  i think working as a part of society paying taxes etc. 
  is actually giving back you help the whole thing go on instead of istting on social welfare or whatever , 
  i mean we just recently had a big scandal about some important people not paying taxes , so yea  but its nice to see that he wants to work and give something back to society , he is basically what we want the perfect asylum seeker to be haha, 
  thats pretty fucking awesome , hope that maybe someday we can join you , would be cool , defenitely an inspiration =p, 
  are we really going to get upset and angry and upvote every article that mentions some dick head that happens to be an asylum seeker ? 
  like ... really ? 
  there are assholes , everywhere ... 
  well shit sources will get upvoted if they fit the general circle-jerk so yea ... 
  zdf did n't do these polls ... 
  please stop spouting misinformation ... 
  they are doing stuff for immigrants , which is always inherently evil would be his viewpoint i think , 
  yup it was blocked and then the us went : `` ah fuck it , whats the worst that can happen ? '', 
  which made the un a lot weaker of an organisation ... 
  it is supposed to be determined by grades in 4th grade , specifically grades in german , math and hsu ( which is like local history and some natural science stuff ? 
  ) , however a large part is also your class , still sadly . 
  teachers are much more likely to send a kid from a lower class with the same grades to one of the `` lower '' schools compared to an middle or upper class kid , especially because the parents do n't usually have any idea how gymnasium works so they just trust the teacher , which is kinda fucked up , same for kids of a non-german ethnicity ... its also almost impossible for a kid of someone that went to gymnasium and now is higher class to not get through gymnasium ( parents have the final say no matter what teachers say ) , and to get through it , its so much easier for lower class people to fall through . 
  like as an example , my arts teacher in 8th grade lost my art project and just gave me a 6 for it ( he found it later and gave it to me while saying some stupid bullshit ) , which meant i had a 5 in arts , which means i pass the class since it was my only 5 but i just barely pass it , now my dad had to go to a teacher who told him that i might be unfit for gymnasium and how hard everything there is and that i might not make it cuz i have a 5 in something , and that its maybe better to just take me off of it and send me to a `` lower '' school , now my dad back then did n't do that because he knows that that would be stupid over fucking arts etc. 
  but people that never went to a gymnasium are bound to listen to the teacher more ... 
  if your third car is the one you care most about would n't it be the one you use a lot then ? 
  therefor it would n't be that car that never gets used which would be the only ones the government would try to rent . 
  and they give you the market value for it , that seems completely fair to me . 
  i mean i do n't like it , but its a temporary thing , also they 'll probably have to share them , in the asylum centers its like 4 people in a small room so i 'd imagine its the same in the apartments . 
  its a temporary solution because you do n't want people dying in the cold of winter which is why i 'm fine with it . - . 
  uhh ... you made a claim , so you have to prove it , thats how it works . 
  what you are saying is like me going : `` the earth is flat ! '', 
  someone is asking you to prove it , then i say : `` well it is flat , also what have you proven recently , huh ? '', 
  thats pretty fucking stupid lol ( also nice to see the brigade still works , when my +7 comment suddenly goes down to -3 ), 
  not reddit i was talking about this article : http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/09/thats-not-funny/399335/, 
  why would these nations that are already taking in soo many ? 
  how would you feel if the us just sends everyone they do n't want in their country to your country ? 
  why reddit ? 
  it was an article in `` the atlantic '' http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/09/thats-not-funny/399335/, 
  so it would be better if we just take the apartments forcefully away without paying ? 
  well its what my taxes pay for yes , so what ? 
  they do n't loose their property tho , its rented , they 'll get it back as soon as possible ... 
  really ? 
  from what i read they went the full on conformist super pc bullshit street in american universities now , where students get banned for saying slightly offensive jokes , professors of law ca n't discuss rape in a lecture about rape because even with trigger warning it was too much etc. 
  it actually was most likely money , there had been a giant scandal were rich families were going into berlin and buying up apartments and just leaving them completely empty in order to drive up the housing prices so they profit more from the other apartments they had , this happened at such a large scale that they had to make a law against that i do n't think it is bullshit if they do n't actually need the houses ( for what would they need empty houses i ask you ? 
  if it was even just to host friends it would n't be an empty house and therefor not be rented , can you provide good enough examples for what you would need empty luxury apartments other than the money reason i gave ? 
  ) , and they get paid a lot , and they 'll get it back after a bit of time since this is just to get people indoors during winter until the refuggee housing thats beeing built is finished !, 
  even if we do n't deport them we would n't provide housing for them ... 
  so his comment about having to provide housing for 1-2 % of the population would still be wrong ... 
  no it would be the government taking half a bikllionaires fortunes , paying them back after some time and giving him a pretty good interest rate on it , because afterall he wo n't need the other 5 billion euros in the next 2 months while he still got 5 billion more ... you act as if they will be rent for ever , they wo n't that probably would n't even be legal , this is just a short term solution until more mass housing for refuggees is build , afterwards they 'll get them back ... 
  you have n't proven that its long-term , the only thing you did was spout some bullshit about all germans do n't have balls and are completely consumed by guilt , like any foreigner that has no idea what they are talking about but jus want an easy solution fitting their easy worldview without having to actually think , 
  actually in berlin they are the last unused places , because everything else is used that is n't owned by a rich person that already has other similiar/better stuff ... berlin is a strange city with a lot of strange things going on , it actually needed a law because many rich people were buying apartments en mass and then not using them just to drive housing prices up to make more money on the rent of their other apartments etc. 
  someone taking your third car which you never use from the parking lot and paying you the full price for renting it and giving it back to you later , paying for any damages etc. , using it to drive poor people to a place to live or something other that very important and can prevent a crises is n't that bad i do n't think, 
  i honestly do n't think that many germans are against this specific case , the government is paying the full normal rent for apartments that noone is using , other than people that are already super upset i do n't think it will get many new ones angry !, 
  you do n't get it , noone is getting kicked out ( did you only read the title and not the article ) , these are apartments that noone is using currently and the government is paying them the normal rent these apartments would be worth right now ... 
  it is legal , and i have totally no problem with it . 
  you look at the apartments around , then list the ones that are like never used , go to the owner and tell them since he will never use them anyways you are gon na rent them you are gon na pay him a really good price for it ( because they are actually paying really nice for them ) . 
  noone looses anything of value in this situation and it improves a bad situation right now in berlin ... 
  if its the only available housing right now then its gon na be used , do you think it would be better to just take the apartment without paying a rent for it ? 
  or what would you do if you are in this situation already if you are berlin , honestly tell me how do you take care of it ? 
  also i aggree with as much as that we should have higher taxes on rich people so they pay for stuff a bit more , 
  i do n't think its that stupid , you pay the owner that does n't even use the apartment anymore and you have the ability to take care of homeless people or in this case refuggees , seems pretty sensible to me :0, 
  as a german you should be used to the bureaucracy fucking up and doing stupid shit , a local government totally shitted on itself , but i do n't find that so maddening that i have to play the i 'm gon na become a nazi stuff o_o, 
  wait the npd is more left than eastern european governments ? 
  hahaha out nazis just are n't what they used to be i guess, 
  1-2 % of the population ? 
  where do you get those numbers from ? 
  the highest estimate i have ever seen was 1 million people coming ( again highest there are lots of waaay lowers ones , right now we are at 400k i think ) and atleast half of them are gon na be rejected , so at absolut most the government would have to take care 500k people with asylum which would be about 0.625 % of the population ... so yea no what you said was more than double than the highest estimates say ... 
  they are , did i ever say anything contradicting that ? 
  but if you actually look at it , realschule is not that far behind gymnasium when it comes to math and they have like extra stuff like accounting , the stuff they really really lagg behind is languages and more theoretical stuff of subjects ( like certain maths they are equal others they are a bit further behind ) . 
  actually now with g8 , i think you could even argue that you are better prepared to study like physics or engineering if you come from realschule and then do fos etc. 
  instead of getting you abitur through gymnasium !,
