  i really like that concept , i think it can lead to a more nature nation that thinks a bit more b4 it acts , and i like it a hell lot more , than the nations that deny any bad they did and see themselfs always in the right and as a constant force for good that can do no bad , those nations are easier to start bad shit , and not think as much about what they are doing !, 
  therefor i see the german burden and guilt , not as a problem or a negativ thing for modern germany , rather i see it as a good thing that strengthens and leads to a very certain character that i think is overall a positive !, 
  the ones in r/europe , yea sure , but in / r/politics or / r/news or / r/worldnews ? 
  i 'm pretty sure atleast 2 of these are mainly american , and i see the same stuff there aswell lol, 
  yea anti-semitism was prevalent in most of the western world ( well the rest aswell to be fair lol ) . 
  i think for me the most impactfull example was canada sending a whole boat full of escaped jews back to nazi germany right into the concentration camps but only after taking everything that was valuable from them ... 
  the sadest thing about all of this , was that the german kaiserreich , and then later the weimar republik to an even bigger extend were relatively jew friendly when you compare them to most of the world , especially eastern europe !, 
  that lead to lots of jews from all over europe trying to get to germany ( basically all the ones that wanted another country and did n't choose the us choose germany at the time ) , it also was one of the factors of germany dominating science during that time , since basically jews were n't able , or later in the weimar republik as able ( way more equal there than in the kaiserreich but still there was prejudice that kept them from actually having the same opportunities ) to do normal jobs , but they were allowed banking and professors and higher education stuff , that is why there were many jewish families with long traditions of very well educated and succesfull people , so to let all that talent that naturally builds in those families onto science and stuff is like a huge boost . 
  all this makes it just more perverse horrible , disgusting and sad what happened later on :(, 
  i mean ... basically , i did n't want to directly invoke godwins law but yea its kinda like the early concentration camps in nazi germany , where the nazis still tried to `` only '' get rid of the jews by making them leave the country , which they achieved due to make their live miserabele !, 
  you do n't think that our meddling in the middle east which resulted in a war in iraq in which we got rid of all the high military and some high government personal , which then lead to there beeing a power vacuum ( since iraq was destroyed quite a bit so there was no government that could control everything thanks to the limited ressources have left ) , a power vacuum which the exact military and political high ranking officials that i mentioned b4 ( the ones we just basically fired ) , then used to become heads of an islamist group called isis and lead the group to heavy victories in the begginning ( thanks to the powervacuum and the iraqi government beeing so weak ) which was good for moral and inspired thousands new recruits , has lead to isis and the current big problem in the middle east ? 
  i understand your anger a lot , but i think we should not venture down on the level of those beasts !, 
  sending them into camps where they all have to wait until we decide what to do with them ( which is what australia does , it sends them to camps on islands , where there are lots of humanitarian issues ) , sounds not right at all , infact it sounds socialistic to me !, 
  no wait up , until i 'm done dressing in brown !, 
  i mean ... we kind of started a lot of meddling and a lot of shit in there ... and isis is defenitely a monster of western creating and syria is one of the countries heavily affected by isis ... 
  into some camps on small islands that are not on mainland australia , those camps are humanitarian crisis zones , the people get treated badly and there are a ton of issues , its just unethical ... 
  i mean , you brits and us germans both have a lot of experience building varies kinds of camps for varies people we do n't like ( we obviously a bit more but we both have had our fair share of experience ) , and i think the overall conclusion is , that it kinda usually ends in some bad stuff happening !, 
  i have noticed that this is just reddit in general when it comes to immigration or muslims or whatever , its always a similiar voice on reddit . 
  so this really is n't europe beeing bad or anything , just normal for reddit standards , sadly also not better which is what i would have liked : /, 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard us boast and post our unemployment numbers into its own thread really o_o i mean , i do n't mind , i do n't care really , all going as it always has , low unemployment and a steady rise in gdp ... 
  i did n't pay attention , what happened ? 
  and maybe even us germans !, 
  tho idk how each country detects unemployment , iirc the us would have like 2-3 % more unemployment if they 'd use german definitions etc. 
  sooo idk how we compare to the brits lol its so weird , we should all do it the same way !, 
  i thought we already announced they were part of greater germany by now ? 
  oo ohh well so then its official now , yaaay , rehoice ... 
  okay , lets get back to work :|, 
  actually thats wrong , i quote lukas 19 , 27 ( well from my german bible but it should be the same in english lol ) [ jesus says ] : `` but those that do not wish that i rule over them , bring them here and choke them to death ! '', 
  which is rather violent and also him telling his followers to do it !, 
  heck even in the new testament there are passages with that , like the one where he says that his angles will come and throw everyone that does n't follow gods law into a fiery oven !, 
  lol, 
  but was n't history also literred with people building up big scary stuff hoping that it would deter war and it then turning into a just more costly war ? 
  wwi would be the most prominent example for that i guess ... 
  that comes from us having not so proud other parts of our history , and if we do n't have an actual enemy ( after the end of the cold war there were only terrorists left and you do n't need a big military to defend the homeland against terrorists , since they do n't usually come in big armies , you need special forces for that ) thats capable of invading us , many germans including me would like to not spend much money on the military seeing as we do n't have any plans to invade anyone anytime soon as far as i know ... now that there is russia , getting some of our old tanks back seems only logical , tho i still do n't want to go overboard with it , since this is only to keep them from not invading the eu and not there for us to actually fight them if peace is possible , 
  not a micro penis but hitler only had one ball , does that have the same effect ? 
  learn german ? 
  i mean , the way things are going you will have to eventually anyways , so why not get a headstart ? 
  meh its okay , its not like a huge burden and if i looked at one comment from him then i would have known , so its not that much extra stuff and its people doing what they want and living the live that they want and if its not more than a mild inconvenience for me , then i do n't really care lol also , the medical history for gender is unimportant since gender is as what you identify yourself , sex is the one thats based on medical history , like if you have a dick but identify as not a man then your sex is male but your gender is something different , 
  damn then * shakes fist * do n't worry buddy , we will never forget you , you can always trust on us to never do anything bad to you ... , 
  i did so because i did n't look at the person , if i knew more about them i 'd choose one and stick with it ... 
  did the lutherans really try that ? 
  it may be only because i am in bavaria ( and not franconia where the situation is different but the other parts of bavaria ) but over here they seem to be waay more like chilll hippies compared to the catholics , the pastors here support gay people etc. 
  so maybe in areas where they have more power they are more conservative and backwards ? 
  idk ; - ;, 
  i kinda want aus to join just for that reason ... 
  i 'm a horrible human beeing i understand !, 
  wait ... are we forgetting ireland again or will the uk take them back into the kingdom when they move out ? 
  i did n't follow it too much , but did wurst perceive her/himself as someone of the female gender ( not sex but gender since gender has to do with how you perceive yourself etc. ), 
  because then its clearly that its she but if its just a persona he/she did as a form of art or whatever , and in normal life etc. 
  he/she does n't perceive themselfs as female but as male then you say he , should be easy from the countless interviews to figure it out , no ? 
  if its geo locked thats no problem , you figure out how to get an us ip after dealing with gema for a while =d ohh he does his show daily ? 
  i did n't know , well i 'll watch it then lets hope we will get a funny response tyvm, 
  literally how many times can we fuck up ? 
  i really do hope that we will see a response =d when does conan usually air ? 
  i 'll try to watch the next 2 episodes =p, 
  very very interesting , thank you a lot for this !, 
  how do other european countries compare to that ? 
  idk how much spanish or italian would help you to be honest , i thought french might a bit , but i know atleast from what my family tells me that german is a relatively good bonus , tho its not a must at all , that might be biased tho depending on which industry etc. 
  you work in ? 
  also in terms of science ( this is now personal experience ) , while again those languages are not a must , i know from personal experience ( well a bit , and more so from my uncle ) that a bit of french and german can help tho ofcourse english is the main language , german is basically number two followed by french , and from what a friend of mine tells me , in chemistry ( i do physics ) , german is actually fairly dominant within europe !, 
  thats kids , which is not half the german population ... also , when i played lol , i played with friends that spoke german with me on teamspeak giving no shit what anyone else raged at me in chat . 
  starcraft is inherently 1v1 all you are gon na see is gl hf and gg wp maybe , or some kiddo raging at you that you do n't really care about , for any more interaction , there is the german main chat that blizzard offers to any german speaking person , aswell as countless of german speaking clans , the newest ones beeing rocketbeanstv clans , you literally do n't need a single word english for that ... what i said is , that more than half of germans currently alive , have not used english to speak to a lot new people , and many of the kids could n't even with how horrible the english teaching is in hauptschule and to a lesser extend realschule . 
  and even for gaming it is n't that important because there are more people having german as their main language in the eu than for any other language , that means there will always be exclusively german speaking communities . 
  heck i remember having to translate in fucking mount and blade with the brits when we did a linebatlle eventhough i was only the second in command ... because all the other people were to shy to actually talk to them in english or could n't dot it ... heck i am one of the people advocating for more english , i do n't like it that our shows are dubbed and that almost half the kids get crappy english lessons , and i do have just like you said , awesome friends from all over the world one of which from canada is going to come visit germany soon , however it is how it is , and most germans currently alive have not really benefitted all that much from speaking english , if they actually do ( which is to be fair kind of a self fullfilling prophecy since around 40 % of germans say they ca n't really speak or understand english ), 
  i 'm really sorry to have to say this . 
  but here in germany , other than history lovers ... noone really gives a shit about the glorious empire , infact many germans make fun of/look down on brits that care too much about their once glorious empire as it is seen as beeing stuck in the past and unable to move on =p so no , for us the empire is clearly not the reason at all to learn english haha, 
  as i said , in some its a giant bonus , in even less its a must and in most people do n't care or its a small bonus , same with german , if you want to do any business in continental europe german is a bonus , maybe not always big , but its a bonus ... probably 70-80 % of germans never actually need english and those who do probably use it during holidays for some half decent conversation , soo yea its not really that important to most here haha, 
  for the first half , i think german is a bad example , as you are wrong in that all our film and tv is dubbed , so we wo n't experience any english that way , the netherlands would be a better example !, 
  however yes there is a lot english in music , and quite a few signs that are in english . 
  for the second part , that is because we would much rather speak in english than have you be uncomfortable trying to get out a german sentence or two , if you actually tell them that you want to practice i do n't know anyone who would n't switch back to german , you see we do that to make you feel more comfortable and would see ourselfs as beeing impolite if we did n't !, 
  as you probably have experienced , if you talk with germans abroad in english or any other language most of them will at some point apologize for their bad language skills , i do n't know why but we are relatively self conscious about how we speak and we assume others are aswell so in order to make you feel embarassed we switch to english , the language you are comfortable with . 
  but literally if they do that , just be nice and ask them if you oculd talk in german ( or just continue talking in german ) and explain that you want to learn the language , bonus points if you say that learning the language is one of the reasons you came to germany/other german speaking country , they then will be extremely happy and talk about everything and anything in german to you constantly , but depending on who exactly you are talking to they might get into the habbit of correcting every single mistake you make , soooo thats not such a pleasant experience i could imagine =p, 
  because learning different languages also teaches you about the culture of the place you are learning the language from ( the two are deeply connected ) , its also a means for further integration and should lead to greater cooperation within europe !, 
  but yes its mostly to the detriment of the english if they stay monolingual , but ca n't i care about the good of other people aswell ? 
  also it would help some of the countries that are especially proud of their language ( like the french or admitettly some of us germans ) accept the desicion to make english the linguae franca ... and still all i did is stating my opinion , its not like i forced anyone to do anything ... yet =p, 
  to be fair , its the same for atleast half the german population if not more , yet we still learn english ... you just need to promote interest in the other country and it should/could work , that means having better cooperation between german/french/whatever and uk schools maybe ( we do have student transfers and all that such to the us and student sightseeig weeks to london at almost all gymnasien that i know off , so maybe you can work something out the other way around ? 
  i think aslong as you make it atleast decently interesting for the students and you start relatively early on ( 2-3 grade ) you can probably do it !, 
  depends on what you define as professional , but i 'd say about 96 % do n't need english and even more do n't have it as a requirement but just as a giant bonus if you speak english ... 
  considering that germany is the strongest economic power , aswell as german having the most people learn it as their mothertongue in europe ( with germany , austria and switzerland all having german as their or one of their main languages ) , aswell as most of our neighbours beeing relatively german proficcient ( german beeing the most popular second language in the eu after english ) it is actually quite easy to live your live and never actually need to learn another language ... 
  ohh i meant if we do the whole eu everyone has to learn english thing ... 
  wait ... am i beeing german right now and missing the austrian/australian joke ? 
  thats why i said have , from what friends tell me , german class in the uk is like the worst and stupidest thing imaginable , so when i say have to i mean that the country invests in actually properly teaching the kids a language !, 
  i absolutely aggree with this , especially if native english speakers also have to learn atleast one other european language as was proposed , that should go a long way !, 
  well it is unconstitutional in that it supports ( with means and opportunities not with talking approvingly ) far right extremist hatecrimes like the nsu murder spree , so i guess even if it was n't unconstitutional thats a good enough reason , right ? 
  do n't you mean far right ? 
  how do you know its a particle ? 
  wait , i have n't really checked that , but would n't the hawking radiation make it so that the thing would cease to exist after an extreme short amount of time ? 
  also ... as far as i remember , quantum mechanical black holes are only theoretical objects who 's existence has yet to be proven !, 
  but it does n't , how could this be a conspiracy theory if its the literal truth o_o, 
  i 've recently seen a video of some bible nut ( american i think ) talking about we are the ones that will start the endtimes ... like ... wtf he said the balkans war was all german plot in order to expand our influence since we once b4 had the balkans under our control . 
  and that we , because we started both worlwars alone ( yea sure ) really like war and will always start wars again , and more and more ... soo there are actually people thinking this shit not just internet memers !, 
  wait , your unemployment money runs out over time ? 
  but that would be completely different than the topic we are talking about . 
  yes you follow sensible rules like not walking across a red light , because cars wo n't slow down if their light is green and they are n't paying too much attention , however if a rule is perceived as wrong or stupid , germans will as much as other people not follow them . 
  what you said sounded more like germans following every rule that is given to them , no matter if the rule in principle makes sense or not , which is just completely wrong ... 
  the above would be perceived as a stupid rule probably ( well i guess you might be able to do it in bavaria :( ), 
  yea , just because we do n't walk over a red light does n't mean we follow all rules always , there is some orderliness in our mindset i admit so following some rules is maybe important , but following stupid rules is stupid , heck even our soldiers can disobey if they think some stuff their superior says is stupid , its not like we are that much of a obrigkeitsgesellschaft :0, 
  i do n't really care , i mean i like it here , i 'm glad we do a lot of things we do and i would like to live here if i did n't already , but calling myself european ? 
  i just ... really do n't care , sorry, 
  i was just giving an example for `` slightly '' outdated opinions of european thinkers,
