  turkey is not yet considered a safe third country, 
  so a quota system which would exactly be that , is what you are for , do i understand that correctly ? 
  cuz with a quota system , the refuggees would apply at the first center in europe and then get distributed accordingly , you know how many people absolutely hate that idea :0, 
  there are n't actually greece and italy are the first safe countries if you go north west from syria !, 
  and even if that was n't the case , letting just a few small countries neaby handle the entire brunt of the refuggees fleeing , is quite a bit selfish and egoistical , no, 
  is n't that basically a quota system that merkel strives for ? 
  thats exactly the system that countries that are usually not very likely to be high on a refuggees wishlist are against !, 
  yea because we ethnic germans aare naturally superior to all that other scum that floats around =d, 
  yea do n't you know , living in a country that other people do n't really like to live in compared to other very close choices is actually a big super good advantage or something ? 
  you do have super cheap and good beer tho , now thats what i would call an advantage !, 
  there are two categories , safe country of origin and safe third country , safe country of origin , are basically countries not in a civil war where the leader is not currently trying to kill people too much , meanwhile to be a safe third country ( a country where refuggees should stay ) the country has to be a lot better , in human rights treatment and a lot of other stuff , so it can be assumed that they not only do n't kill their own population , but also do n't kill the refuggees directly or indirectly ( indirectly with giving them no shelter so they freeze to death etc. ) . 
  turkey is a safe country of origin , meaning that people from turkey generally do n't have a right to asylum as they are treated good enough there , however it is not a safe third country ( yet ), 
  it means that even if the crisis does n't get better , turkey expects to dump them on another country ( thats why it says third country instead of first country ) , which is a problem , compared to europe that will take care of them till the crisis is over !, 
  then you have no basis for arguing against germany pressuring for this stuff , since pressuring eastern europe is exactly what germany should according to what you just said ... 
  we are actually very politically stable , the `` rise '' of the rightwing means that the afd now gets 6 % instead of 4 % of the votes , and that will change soon enough since the party is killing itself right now . 
  so please explain to me how germany actually is a less stable democratic country country compared to lets say poland ? 
  well i know exactly how this sub will react to this =p, 
  tell me exactly which laws she is breaking , also the guys that wrote her that were people that were in charge of villages and other b\u00fcrgermeister etc. , so yes while they may be part of the cdu they are not at all a big part or an important part for the entire union ... 
  lol sure buddy this is all worldwar 2 again , you just wait until we gas another minority :d, 
  i mean france came up with the whole thing lol, 
  arent the snp not voting on any desicion that doesnt involve scotland ? 
  so they are doing atleast some of that !, 
  i thought when they get their right granted they get a place to stay , and max . 
  390-ish euros a month , so overall less than someone on hartz iv , which is defenitely beneath the 800-1200 numbers he said . 
  wait are we really generally spending that much on them , the sources i read are like max 500-600 :0, 
  what she said was that there was no upper limit on the right to asylum , and that everyone who qualifies under international conventions will be taken in , so what she said was , we will not give in to rightwing extremists/terrorists ( had been huge riots a couple days b4 that ) and just stop following international conventions we signed !, 
  and that we wo n't send syrian refuggees back to border countries which was an internal memo that had been leaked , she just confirmed it , this was done because the pressure on border countries was too big to bear . 
  and yes we get many economic migrants but we do n't accept those , we do n't deport most of them yes , but that is because most of them leave on their own ( they do n't get benefits and ca n't stay afloat from the black market ) , especially the ones from the baltics , the government organises flights just for them which they take of their own free accord ( they would be forcefully deported most of the time if they did n't do that tho ) , funny thing is , they have to pay for it by themselfs taking a loan from the german government , which they have to pay back once home ( most of them will have to work for this loan till the end of their lives seeing as they are economic migrants ) , aslong as they have not payed that loan back they are on a blacklist , meaning if they are seen in any schengen country they will be deported and they should n't even get into schengen in the first place, 
  the ones in the cities are , but the ones in the countryside are less so , same with people in germany here , people on the country side with less education are more likely to be rightwing extremists , xenophobes , aswell as these : `` ami go home '' people, 
  no you are not ... 
  the right wing part of the party ( the original afd was to the right of the modern cdu , which would have been just where the right wing of the cdu a decade ago b4 merkel made it a more center party was , has pushed out the moderates , this means they are no unelectable as they are actually protesting and walking with actual neo-nazis now , they were alway really conservative but now they destroyed themselfs and pushed themselfs even further to the right ... 
  the right wing part of the party ( the original afd was to the right of the modern cdu , which would have been just where the right wing of the cdu a decade ago b4 merkel made it a more center party was , has pushed out the moderates , this means they are no unelectable as they are actually protesting and walking with actual neo-nazis now , they were alway really conservative but now they destroyed themselfs and pushed themselfs even further to the right ... 
  no they did n't want to help border countries in the psat , before this whole mess , but they had the valid argument that they are n't in schengen so they should n't be forced to do this . 
  we were one of those countries aswell , germany was part of the countries that did n't want to help out border countries while it was not our problem , just like eastern europe , so do n't only stick it to them, 
  i do n't either , there have been voices in germany from the left even to do something like that , but the conservatives were like : `` not our problem mate ! '', 
  and now that shit is going down they suddenly want everyone to stand together or some shit ... 
  it is kinda disgusting : /, 
  she 's actually fairly center-ish overall atleast from a german standpoint , center-left on refuggees probably , sooo yea far-left radical , i do n't know where you get that from ? 
  i do n't know , i do n't really like how our wheelchair g\u00f6bbels was handling the greek crisis , sooo i 'd disaggree , 
  uhm , yes , right it happened , what are you on about ? 
  these guys have been on their own for a long time , actually quite a few different muslim organisations have , like after charlie hebdo there were pretty big muslim protests against violence denounce those terrorists in germany !, 
  it just usually does n't make press as well as evil muslims trying to behead you = 3, 
  he 's referencing luther who was called a heretic for translating the bible from latin into german , back at the time for whatever reason people thought latin was the perfect language for the bible ( well the reason is rome ofcourse ), 
  not at all , according to statistics neo nazis , are doing most of the attacks by far, 
  yea , while i really like/am proud of our dark humor , i am kinda ashamed that we do n't understand how to joke about ourselfs like the brits i.e. 
  but i do think it is getting better , in my friends circle self-depricating humor is getting better and bigger now so there might be some hope left !, 
  it is n't , we had this debate for quite some time already actually , its only this sub that tries to make you think that any kind of criticism is completely banned , because ... 
  i do n't actually know why o_o, 
  there have been people on here with rightwing names , i remember even names of actual fascists in their username and they did n't get downvoted/called out for this , soooo why is him presenting his political opinion in his name oh so bad ? 
  because they 'd loose voters the second they open their mouth , since they now moved further to the right , after kicking all their center people out of the party , this is the best case scenario for them . 
  wait what leftie did n't see this coming ? 
  it was pretty obvious to me , and i 'm a leftie aswell , tho i do n't think there is too much danger in that , if the people want to vote for someone else then they should , but honestly 6 % for afd is n't all that much now is it ? 
  if this continues , but it probably wo n't , these are the 9 % of the rightwing of her party/general political spectrum that used to be for her since she was against gay-marraige etc. 
  they now dropped away , but i doubt its gon na be much more than those, 
  question , why are n't they intellectuals ? 
  what defines someone as an intellectual and why do they not fit that definition ? 
  ohh thanks , fucked that up !, 
  she made it her issue tho , coming out strong for it etc. 
  so it wo n't end up as a big plus for the spd, 
  how ? 
  what did she do to do that , the fastest rising aswell as the biggest part of that is neo-nazis so your whole `` she improrts evil people '' schtick wo n't work !, 
  ( is that how you write schtick ? ), 
   we 'll see who 's on the wrong side of history here . 
      the far-right lost at the end of ww2 . 
  this means we germans could be the good guys this tiem \u00b0 _ \u00b0, 
  actually we have that here aswell , some neo-nazi groups support israel cuz they `` deal with the muslims '' however , that does n't mean they like jews living around here , they basically want to do what hitler wanted to do first , get the jews out of germany with terror etc. 
  into their own country to make germany `` clean '' or whatever , and then its an added bonus if the jews kill some muslims !, 
  fucked up world this is : /, 
  no they wo n't since you do n't want to pay too much money for it d = sorry :0, 
  in germany in these statistics right wing means fascists/neo-nazis islamism would be categorized under foreign ideology ( and while they are not the only ones in that category they make up like 99 % of it ) so atleast for these statistics , far right = neo nazis/fascists not islamists who i can could aggree are a far right group themselfs !, 
  it might not change themselfs but it denies them a public platform from which to infect minds with their stupid bullshit . 
  and keep in mind , if they can actually proof what they say then its perfectly legal to do so , if i could present you clear proof that only 20 jews died during the holocaust and half of them because they were banging their head against a wall while praying to hard , then i could say that exact thing , the thing that is however forbidden is publicly telling random stuff that is clearly not true ( so lying ) about the holocaust to make it seem less bad , as this is never really done without a certain kind of goal ... 
  i mean its not like its difficult to spot someone german if he has a german flag next to his name , no ? 
  merkel killed off everyone that could have been a threat to her in her own party aswell as destroying the parties she merges with for a coalition aswell and killing some of their talent off , so you ca n't expect anyone from her own party to secceed her all of them seem comparatively incompetent , you ca n't expect the center parties to get rid of her since merkel moved the cdu/csu in a position to basically outdo all of them , the big thing for the greens was nuclear energy , well she did that , the big thing for the spd until recently was minimum wage , well merkel just decided to do that aswell , she takes all the core issues of the big center parties and makes them her own , so those parties feel like a dead husk just an image of the cdu . 
  these parties also oppose super strict immigration reform , so the only ones you could vote would be the npd ( neo-nazis ) the afd ( used to be half reasonable , then they kicked out all their center people and turned into neo-nazis ) , pegida ( have no chance , well like the other ones also very close to neo-nazi rethorik/behaviour ) , and the new party of the old afd guy ( not sure this will have any success ) . 
  the other party that has other views on issues than her is die linke ( the big democratic socialism party ) , which the people unsatisfied with merkel beeing `` too lax '' on immigration would n't vote for either for obvious reasons !, 
  it is n't we send all the bosnians etc. 
  away that did n't get german citizenship ( again the requirements for that are relatively harsh ), 
  uhm only german ones , it was all over the news like 12 + years ago ( which was when the last massive influx of refuggees had to go home since after that it calmed down ) , there was like a thread on here or in an ama sub where a guy from former yugoslavia was talking about how he too was send away eventhough he had a job and everything because he only lived in germany for 5 years , so did n't fullfill the time requirement !, 
  would n't that be like the opposite of anarchy tho ? 
  or are you just throwing around bad sounding buzzwords ? 
  the last ones did leave after their crisis countries did turn out better , and we forced all that did n't get german citizenship ( at which point i have no problem with anyone staying since you need a good job , a education , german language ability and having lived here for long enough as requirements to get it ) to leave , a girl got a card on here 18th birthday even that she had to leave the country within 30 days or she will be forcefully deported , but alone without her family since they had still a child under 18 , and while there were a few complaints about that , noone got super mad or anything changed , so why would n't it be the same this time ? 
  please do n't act like only your side is enlightened and is the one that does n't listen to `` luricrious state propaganda '' and all the other ones are idiots that just follow some propaganda blindly , unlike the enlightened ones on your side , that does n't helpe with having an actual debate/conversation the right always talks about wanting ... also , they will never get rid of merkel , most of germany aggrees with her desicion to follow established international asylum conventions aswell as to not use the dubliniii ( something that you are allowed to do under dubliniii everyone can take more if they want , so she is not breaking that aggreement with that ) , she is also the only one in that party that will get the right amount of votes , merkel is still hugely popular , way more popular than her government for whatever reason . 
  and lastly , yes its a stereotype , and like most stereotypes not true , just like not all swedes are super gay tall blond fit guys , the amount of holocaust and hitler jokes , the number 1 book for 20 consecutive weeks is this beautiful comedy : http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/i/51bgmwgr9nl.jpg ( [ it is even getting a movie made !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jx15x5eokqo ) ) of hitler waking up nowadays , and it has lots of scenes like this in it ( my own translation so its probably full of mistakes ) :  the man got an order . 
  the order was : blow the leafs away . 
  and so he followed that order . 
  with a fanatical loyalty that would have done well for zeitzler . 
  a man follows an order , as simple as that . 
  and did he complain while doing so ? 
  did he cry that it was pointless with all this wind ? 
  no , he he bravely and stoically noisily did what he had to . 
  just like the faithfull men of the ss . 
  thousands did their task without care for their burden , eventhough one could have moaned : `` what are we supposed to do with all those jews ? 
  this is getting senseless , they are getting delivered faster to us , than we can drive them into the gas chambers ! '', 
   i was so moved , i quickly put my clothes , went outside , walked up to him , put my hand on his shoulder and said : `` my good man , i want to thank you . 
  for people like you , i continue my fight . 
  because i know : out of this leaf blower , yes out of every leave blower in this country gushes the fierce breath of national socialism . '', 
  there is tons of super dark stuff like that , we just really tone it down when near foreigners , since we know we get called a nazi super easily , i think this should be a valid examples to support my claim that germany is not full of safe hatred and can actually go to this topic and a not histerical way ... like come the fuck on , just because we support israel ( tho if you might remember germany was the first country or atleast one of the first countries in the eu to call for and support a sanction of the illegal israeli settlements ) , and we support taking in refuggees now suddenly we all hate ourselfs ? 
  no fuck that , i do n't and noone i know hates themselfs for beeing german , we do however accept that the german people were the main perpetrators of a big crime and that it did have a lot of support in the people , unlike i.e.
