  also you should n't forget that those that critizise her will always be the loudest !, 
  which is exactly why i would n't want her , but i guess she is better than the alternative , 
  there are more issues out there than only refuggees , and eventhough i am too pro refuggee i think she fucked up ( no longterm planning , and with that i dont mean the `` inviting everyone in '' that everyone always claims , i 'm talking about the fact that 3-4 years ago you could also see this starting to happen and experts were warning , meanwhile she got rid of refuggee homes and cut funding and stuff soo it was waaay harder to respond when it actually happened stuff like that ), 
  yup it is always hard to find out what is true , i generally reda news from both sides and look at statistics to find out what likely happens , but i understand not everyone has as much time as a student haha, 
  lol yea we have done some fairly horrible shit as the eu already soo i didnt understand the outrage =p, 
  what is that even supposed to mean in this context lol, 
  is an american really trying to argue that turkey is responsible for how fucked up that place is ? 
  so what you are saying is ... its actually better to give the money to turkey so more happens with it ? 
  they support them as much as the us or other countries do , by doing shady stuff with isis and then also not beeing harsh enough against them , and lets not forget who was responsible for the whole mess part of the world is in right now , the powervacuum that created isis did n't just happen ... 
  well thats merkels problem then ? 
  it is not like its turkeys job to take everyone , they already host the most in the world . - . 
  if merkel is unable to get a good strategy going the fuck her but also , the promises are n't actually that vague ... 
  yup , also in general you do n't ever name the names of offenders in germany ( it is actually illegal to show faces or name full name unless the person is publicly well known ) so you can reintegrate the person to society and make the chance of the committing stuff again less likely ( compare harsher systems like us or uk to germany to less harsh systems like the nordic ones and look at reoffenders ) , this was seen as `` trying to help those evil rapist muslims '' by the rightwing media !, 
  meanwhile there are quite a few articles where you can read that police officers say , that oftentimes rape accusations are just made up , same goes with theft ( there was a particular sad story , where the owner of the local supermarket came out publicly saying that indeed thefts had n't gone up since the asylum home was placed there , he was banned be the site and they tried ( and succeeded with the rightwing crowd ) to publicly shun him for `` defending the invaders '' ... so yea ) if you want i can send you a bunch of articles about that aswell , tho i am afraid to say they are all in german since the international media does n't really care for such articles it seems :(, 
   so instead of getting asylum seekers in a chaotic fashion we would receive our share in an orderly , predictable fashion . 
  which is incredibly important if you ever want to solve a crisis , you need to be able to plan ahead and not just blindly stumble around !, 
  it is wrong , they are held accountable by german standards ( which to eastern europe or american standards is pretty lax i guess buuut its what we do and you should treat them like other human beeings ) if they get a sentence of 3 years or more , it is very likely that after serving 3 or more in prison they will get deported back !, 
  they already spend 9 billion alone on refuggees taking in more syrians than the eu combined ... come the fuck on, 
  what are we supposed to do ? 
  i thought people constantly said we should spend money on countries closer to syria so that they can take in more , why is that bad all of a sudden ? 
  turkey already payed 9bn for taking in refuggees , and is currently the country hosting the most refuggees more than any european country and more syrians than all of europe combined ... and people were constantly saying `` ohh we should n't let them get in here spend the money by giving it to a country closer it will help more and the evil people wo n't be too close to my home '' but now that we are actually doing it its bad and wrong and evil all of a sudden ? 
  i thought that was just a trade , turkey wo n't be a member , we want to send refuggees somewhere , we ca n't send them to a state without them aggreeing ( how fucked up would that be ) and the close stateless parts of the world are warzones ( really fucked up aswell ) so we pay turkey so they take care of the problem , i do n't really see how this is blackmailing . - . 
   also ignoring rapists in asylum is n't believing in human rights either ( i base this on headlines i saw ) . 
  according to official statistics their crime rate is n't higher than that of native germans , and syrians do actually have a lower crime rate ( with people from the balkans beeing slightly above the german norm iirc ) , also if someone does something like that he will get treated as any other citizen and put before a court . 
  it is just that everytime something happens and an asylum seeker is involved it gets headlines while when natives do stuff it does n't really , soo do n't blindly trust on the amount of headlines you see , 
  huh , interesting !, 
  social democrats : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_democratic_party_of_germany tho they sadly have betrayed allot of their values soooo yea ... democratic socialism : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_left_%28germany%29 tho they sadly have a lot of weirdos/idiots in there , they are however very very important as a oppositionel party since the greens do n't really seem to ever disaggree and the right often does n't have any even half decent arguements , die linke is very sharp with its criticism and actually asks tough questions , sooo i kinda like them , eventhough i 'm not sure i 'd be comfortable with them in power until some of the older idiots have died off ( their younger members seem less stupid so there is that ! ), 
  here in germany social democrats and socialist democrats are two relatively big parties ( one the second biggest the other one gets 10 % ), 
  maybe next election , i honestly do n't think there will be any improvement on that front with the current government :(, 
  ahh so the other planes themselfs are n't neccessarily actually worse than the us counterpart , interesting !, 
  thanks for explaining . 
  and why is that , i 'm not super familiar with military stuff , what are the downsides of gripens rafales and typhoons that make them less desireable compared to us jets ? 
  thank you for your service sir o7, 
  you are overreacting a bit , look at the statistics its not that likely that you get killed , if you want to be scared of such a low chance to be killed you 'd have to be scared of almost everything in this world , which honestly is n't worth it . 
  now i do understand that it is very easy to get scared by this shit , but just think about it rationally , if you still do n't want to thats fine but it is n't the most logical of desicions , but whatever makes you feel better i guess . 
  also going to concerts after terrorist shit is kinda really cool , since many people have the same reaction as you , you have way more room and free seats for yourself , 
  yea so iit does n't really make any difference , it can actually be way more epensive to keep it pegged instead of just joining lol, 
  source pls sounds interesting !, 
  ohh no , the end of the world there are too many inferior non-white people in london its horrible the humanity !, 
  come the fuck on mate ... also , there are currently still more white people in london than non-white people , not that that really matters . - . 
  was n't your currency pegged to the euro b4 that ? 
  i remember a lot of the more recent joiners had that setup in place , so joining the euro actually does n't make any difference for them lol, 
  great how this sub can turn such a nice story into utter shit , 
  the left here has said that for a long time , sadly our fiscally conservative government is not at all a fan of that : /, 
  its literally a guy dying painfully on a cross with some shit that hurs his head on his head and a stab wound , how the fuck is that peacefull ? 
  edit : and did i forget to mention the fucking nails through his hands and feet ? 
  ehh it comes down more to money from my personal experience , and the data supports that , as its mostly eastern europe where beeing nationalistic/patriotic is much more okay than western europe , 
  it does n't in my city , we have tons of muslim refuggees here and every two weeks we have an event where everybody comes , brings something they baked ( the refuggees something from their country and the germans something german ) , and get free coffee/tea and sit there and talk , these people are for the most part really damn good integrated ( there is one guy who is lazy , like he does n't do anything wrong , but he does n't respect w\u00f6rk ) , and the german ( and nordic ) of shaming them into behaving works wonders after they know some people and actually care about beeing shamed . 
  so if it works with these hardcore fresh out of syria muslims , it should work with the more educated ones aswell ( since atleast in germany the restrictions to get here without asylum are actually relatively high ), 
  so we should ban makeup next ? 
  okay then !, 
  ofcourse you pick and choose , the world is n't black and white , you have to differentiate , there are certain scenarios like the ones i named where i 'm okay with it , however others im not , thats not that difficult to understand no ? 
  if there expression is used to try and tear down democracy and our principles of human rights etc. 
  then yes . 
  if it was used to try and advocate for violence against a certain group , then yes ... 
  otherwise no, 
  it was a failure to give the nazis the freedom that chant for the abolition of democracy and the massacre of various minorities , yes ... 
  the spd people just believed so much in democracy , thinking till the end that people would vote for the good path ... 
  finally on the ~ ~ right ~ ~ correct side of the debate , welcome fellow gutmensch !, 
  good !, 
  calling for violence against a group of people is unconstitutional ( and rightfully so i think , like you can critizise but when you call for actuall violence thats a bit much ) and if facebook wants to business in germany ( selling ads in germany profiting from german users ) then they should follow our most basic laws ... 
  according to our security service , its incredibly easy to get a good fake id in turkey with which you can get a plane ticket for 200 bucks , so yes it seems pretty easy ... 
  this is what happened after wwi , does n't poland remember ? 
  does germany have to get mean again ; - ;, 
  and destroyed the stranglehold we had on the world !, 
  we could still be number 1 ; - ;, 
  because its a lot easier differently that was the argument why ... 
  there was an update that its completely unconfirmed and just a suspicion !, 
  noone says they do n't have the right to shoot it down , it was an idiotic move still tho ... 
  they throw around a bunch of claims and do n't back them up and do n't even state anything concrete , like you could if you wanted , call our `` do n't call for violence against minorities '' laws laws that make it harder to critizise immigrants ( since you can no longer call them vermin and call for their execution which limits in what ways you can `` critizise '' it ) ... also the fact that they put up a meme-picture up that high really shows the quality of this article ... 
  so please post some actual source with concrete stuff instead of stupid bullshit , okay ? 
  isis is muslim , turkey is muslim =  isis takes over turkey as the new elected party !, 
  thats logic or something !, 
  ca n't you be upset at any kind of occupation of your homeland ? 
  especially since apparently young brits living there do n't integrate at all into society ... 
  so integration is only important if its brown people ? 
  other people can form their own little communities withing society not caring about anyone else ? 
  interesting ... 
  and people complain about turkey wanting in the eu while owning a bit of the land against the will of other eu members lol, 
  well then whoever told you that is telling you a lot of bullshit ... 
  you have read many made up stories and then some whining about the public not liking these stories , sweden has a very very free press compared to most people , but like almost all press they do have some political stance so they decide for themselfs ( no because they are pressured by the government ) to do things you might not aggree with ... 
  there was a protest in poland recently because of a theatre that had some ... interesting scenes , they even tried to stop people from entering ... that is what he was referring to !, 
  they are all brown people so they are all the same , thats how is brain works i fear :(, 
  radical religious youth , it exists everywhere were religion and poverty exist , which is ... well everywhere lol, 
  get out while you still can !, 
  and bring some of your clay with you , there is atleast one politician in germany left that would love it if you expanded germany eastwards :d, 
  well aslong as we still have freedom of movement etc. 
  in the eu you could try to get out !, 
  they actually had quite a bit of growth with varoufakis in charge , but then we decided to shut down the banks and fuck everything up even more in order to create pressure < . < and noone even believes anymore that austerity can fix this , it was a huge fuck-up and severly shook my faith in the ez . . 
  they are stupid , but you said , its robbery because they do n't serve a purpose , they do serve a purpose as stupid as the idea behind it may be , it is not robbery , just stupid policy ... 
  i thought it was to fund all the other stuff they promised , free education minimal income etc. 
  is insanely expensive so yea that seems to be the purpose ... 
  it is taxes , for a purpose . - . 
  it is stupid sure , but its not at all robbing the rich . - . 
  rob the rich ? 
  really ... 
  you voted for the government the government voted for it , thats how representative democracy works , do n't go around crying about germany when your government fucks up ... 
  it is always reichszeit if you ask me !, 
  it is weird , but for once i completely aggree with you o_o, 
  have n't had any fackelzug in a long time here d =,
