  living here , also most of those are n't asylum seekers anyways also linking to something in / r/european is kinda like outing yourself as the kind of person you are  so far sweden is doing pretty well , also i was saying nordic model , that includes places like denmnark or norway , norway has an amazing hdi index and is doing better than us right now , while achieving equality between men and women ( maybe you have n't noticed , because you were so focused on the anti-immigration thing , but i was not talking about asylum seekers or immigrants but about how to get better opportunities for women ) , and this has been going on for decades ... 
  japan is not a good society to try to emulate , and turkey also is n't , or would you want to live in either of those two ? 
  and why should i care about their grandparents , that does n't make them better or worse ... edit : also good job ignoring the whole rest of my post ... 
  burrowing money for a state is no problem , especially if it is soo cheap , a state is not a person , and no not really , that was more about his name =p, 
  again i ask you , what did you do to help the situation , or are you just some angry old fart sitting on the internet shouting at kids ? 
  and i would n't describe myself as a poor sucker , i work a job so i do n't need baf\u00f6g and study at the tu munich to hopefully be a contributing member of society , it is kinda offensive that you portray everyone that is n't rich as a sucker , especially students , as i do n't know any rich students other than those with rich parents , and are n't those the ones that are sucking someone elses wealth up the most ? 
  i do n't really see any reason for a genocide here , actually immigrant/refuggee birthrates normalise towards the low german ones after 1 or 2 generations , muslims leaving their faith also normalises towards german christian standards after some time , so i do n't see a reason to think anyone is trying to genocide us , we are still like 96 % white haha and if you complain about immigrants having higher birthrates than natives , i mean there is not country in the world with lower birthrates than germany , so maybe there is a problem , because we do n't support families enough , because there is a culture that expects women to stay at home once they get pregnant which is a huge deterrent for women ? 
  i 'd say we should try and simulate more of the nordic model if we want higher birthrates , or alternatively we could shout at the black dude living accross street , 
  if you do n't want to help poor countries taking refuggees in , then do n't complain , also while i have n't spent money ( poor student ) i have given german lessons to refuggees , and helpe organise some projects where they can talk with germans and share experiences etc. 
  so they hopefully better integrate ( they have kindergardeners give them lessons here , that wo n't ever help ) , what have you done to help the situation typical racist wwii grandpa `` wird man doch wohl noch sagen d\u00fcrfen ! '', 
  also , there is enough money , we just reported a year with black numbers , which is insane seeing for how low of a price we can burrow money right now , but we do n't want to invest anything to get the economy going stronger in the ez and we do n't want to help refuggees apparently either , eventhough we are making money and we can borrow money at insanely low interest rates , germany does have the money , so i do n't know what you are talking about ... but yea its beter to let poor people take care of refugees ... 
  haha because you would stay here in germany if there was a civil war , yea sure , you 'd peace out in a second , or do you think you would have the balls to fight and turn your kids into soldiers ? 
  it is more than their income where they come from but prices here are waaaay waaay higher than where they come from , if you want to suggest that this will buy you more than what they earned did in their respective countries , then thats completely wrong and stupid ... 
  the process should be faster , yea ( 2 weeks is unreasonable , since you have to do good background checks , but yes faster ) , however getting rid of the taschengeld is just kinda stupid , they are not allowed to work , they ca n't really go anywhere they either do n't speak the language or they do n't like to be seen in certain places . 
  so what they would do would be constantly be in their run down shitty little rooms ( if the situation is anything like here , then the quality of the housing is horrible , with water damage and everything else wrong with those little rooms ) , doing nothing , you think that will make them appreciate the country , help them to integrate or any thing ? 
  no they 'll only turn out bad that way . 
  as it stands you either have to allow them to work , or give them the pocketmoney so they can do anything , or hope that like here the community actually does stuff with them ( like we have cafe international every saturday , where the community and asylum seekers are invited and you talk to them , they can practice their german , but mostly speak english , and they get to understand more about germany and the germans living here hear their stories etc. ), 
  yea i do n't understand how we can let poor countries take the brunt of this , i mean i 'd be okay with that if we send a lot of money there to support them , then i 'd have no problem with those countries taking them in , but we are n't so it seems pretty two faced lol, 
  and we are going to take about 100.000 of them probably , i seriously do n't see a problem with that , 100.000 is not a lot its 0,125 % of the population , thats like nothing ... 
  the latter =p and yea that makes sense !, 
  to be entirely honest i plan on spending some time in the us aswell haha, 
  ahh that makes sense , but generally max planck etc. 
  do a lot of the university affiliation , i.e. 
  my university has one giant telescope , two fission reactors and one fusion reactors sponsored by max planck ( well maybe more in cooperation with max planck ) and lots of other stuff by max planck or others , sooo maybe the fact that there is no clear line between what is university research and outside organisation research changes these things aswell ? 
  i have no idea haha, 
  i do n't like how far back we are on that list , i thought max planck atleast was like number one , are the other ones that much worse ? 
  lol, 
  wait i thought those were only for lefties and jews ? 
  it is new so it did n't have time to change naming conventions yet , it has also recently gone waaay far right , so it probably actually never will change that , 
  wait is left wing terrorism actually a problem still , in germany i do n't remember them doing much at all anymore , they like burn some cars once a year which is not a lot compared to rightwing terrorism who still actually murder ( nsu relatively recently got caught , kinda i.e. ), 
  and burn houses with people inside and assault people and some even recently planned to bomb a place . 
  so on a scale of problem it is right wing terrorism , and then waaaaay waaaay lower comes left wing terrorism and then a bit lower than that comes muslim terrorism !, 
  there are more towns like this sadly , this is just the most prominent one , this started happening in the 90s and 00s , back then those neonazis were still teenagers , now they have their own little sieg heiling families , there are even guides on the internet on how to infiltrate small communities and how to then shift stuff to the rightwing ... 
  right wing terrorism in germany is becoming more and more of a problem , this is just sad ... 
  this town especially is a really fucked up place , its kinda scary that nazis can take over entire towns in modern germany !, 
  what do germanic roots have to do with anything ? 
  no unless you are talking to neo nazis noone believes that , why would they ? 
  natoinalism etc. 
  is pretty died down over here ( football beeing the big exception ) and while it is atleast slightly on the rise again nationalism or patriotism is still a far shot away from the kinda scary levels that it has in the us , atleast to us you guys look like the ones with the superiority feeling , although this time its mostly not based on race but on arbitrary lines in the ground =p, 
  never said that , your previous statement just sounded like germans were somehow below other peope , i do n't find a reason to believe we are inherently better , or inherently worse =p, 
  really ? 
  that seems kinda weird to me , there were lots of top notch german scientists during the late 19th and early 20th century and while there was a more than usual number of ashkenazi germans , and the most famous one ( einstein ) beeing jewish aswell , i 'm not sure i believe what you say without evidence =p people like werner von braun , heisenberg , leibniz are all great german thinkers i.e. 
  yea , thats what many germans dislike about the us ( and why many americans complain we are so anti-american ) , it feels soo false and slimey especially since while you grow up watching american movies aswell as in earlier classes that deal more with good things the us does and bad things germany did , many get the feeling that the us is like this paragon of freedom and democracy and saved germany from its dark self and helped the germans or whatever , and then when you are like 15 or 16 and actually see what shit is going down in the world this whole view gets shattered . 
  i think especially because the us is put on such a high pedestal earlier and seems to talk about itself that highly even later when you pay attention to politics , you get an even stronger negativ reaction =p, 
  yea you can see how weird and perverted human nature can be with an example like that ( and i think it might have been wwi with the dogs ? 
  i honestly do n't remember i could be mixing stuff up , it has been a bit of time since i covered that back in school =p ), 
  i thought the theory goes to give oil to american companies so they have the control over it and can project economic power , aswell as the war helping the military industrial complex a lot , but tbh i never really bothered too much with it =p, 
  the nazis especially during the war were very stretchable with their ideology , i mean they even kept some of the jewish scientists in key weapon developing etc. 
  positions alive and safe because they needed them , so during the war its not too weird that they 'd have a corps like this , especially since black people were seen more like animals , stupid but really strong etc. 
  ( aryans were smart and therefor superior and of similiar physical power compared to these `` animals '' ) , so they probably thought of them like using dogs in your army , you have them you use them to fight , you make them do really bad stuff ( did n't they use dogs to clear landmines ? ), 
  and do n't really care about them !, 
  in history class our teachers did n't even pretend anymore that the whole thing was about freedom , he even made a few dark jokes about it =p was the best teacher i ever had , i kinda miss history class with mr wolf :(, 
  well the slavs would be used as labour until they die and get replaced by germans that use the land for farming etc. 
  that was kinda the plan with the jews aswell , you make them work till they die and do n't allow them to reproduce , the gassing and stuff only happened later when they figured out that longterm thinking was n't going to work as the war was turning bad . 
  also all political dissenters ( so like the soviet union ) would be killed , some of the first inmates of concentration camps were politicians from the spd ( the only party that had the balls to vote against hitler in the late 30s ) and the communist party , hitler after a victory would have probably cracked down on political dissent as much as stalin did in the soviet union , so thats a whole lot of lives on top of jews roma handicapped gays and slowly getting rid of slavs , do n't forget black people aswell btw !, 
  why would n't you guys just join our small little base on the dark side of the moon ? 
  its pretty lively and nice there !, 
  i remember having to analyze that whole thing in german class in school , stupid ferdinand ... 
  i mean ... 
  dogs and cats are two different species while all humans are still part of the same species homo sapiens sapiens ... so even if there are differences they are relatively minor ... 
  the theory that different races are genetically so different has been disproven in the 20th century when the word race has lost most of its meaning which is why it is nowadays only a social construct , go look it up yourself , 
  does nazi germany count ? 
  holy fuck the amount of americans that think we are hitler loving foreign hating people , and ask me about that is mind boggling , not as bad as the asslickers that try and tell me how our work ethic is so good or whatever bullshit lol, 
  that the us went to iraq for the oil and power projection but not for helping the population or anything like that !, 
  ( note that , however true a conspiracy theory might be , this one is still that , as it goes against the official ( us went there to help the poor population ) story and involves some sort of plot by a group of people who then lie about it , the plot of high ranking us politicians here beeing to get oil and power for the us ), 
  scary , i know a few years back they would only operate from the shadows , apparently their control has become so total they do n't even fear stepping into the spotlight anymore :0, 
  wtf do you have to bring up white people , first of all sweden is not all white people , so if you want a party that best represents the whole country you should pick one that actually represents all of it and not only the white parts . 
  also , race is n't really a real thing it is a construction by humans that as always with everything want to divide themselfs into little tribes , i mean i aggree in that i think everyone should be as altruistic as possible , and countries with more ressources naturally should help more than those without , however you have to start somewhere if you actually want to get to that goal ... 
  does n't have to be , here in germany many nazis actually support israel as they see them as a state killing muslims who they nowadays hate even more than jews ( as there is a much larger muslim than jewish population in germany currently ) =p, 
  idk about you , but i honestly do n't want to use all that potential lol yes upgrades are needed looking at the bad state we are in , buuuuuuut i still do n't want more than necessary tbh . 
  there is no use for it =p, 
  oh we mentioned the war crimes of japan , i also do n't understand how you could skip the korean war , i mean we only had one week on it but still , it was there as was any of the major conflicts during the cold war :0 hmmm maybe different curriculum ? 
  i 'm from bavaria went to a gymnasium , and had an awesome history teacher for 11th and 12th grade !, 
  i aggree with you that skipping the pacific war is really bad ( we did like only one lesson on the whole thing ) tho i would like to remind you that in all of history class we never focus on the warring in any war , its more about the people , their situation what was life like back then how did people think , what were some shifts in society . 
  like take the crusades i.e. 
  we never discussed how they went or what happened there , we talked about why they happened how people thought about that time and what enabled that . 
  to suddenly change that just for wwii would be kinda weird , especially since how the war actually went ( other than for people who want a military career or whatever ) is unimportant other than the end result , much more important are the societal things that lead to this point and how people thought and felt !, 
  thanks with your knife in the back , you made me remember the `` dolchsto\u00dflegende '' something very fitting for this situation !, 
  basically it was the right wing saying that the population at home was backstabbing the german soldier is wwi , and that especially the democratic politicians were at fault , you see they signed the contract of versailles in which germany surrendered , the right wing used the myth of germany not loosing a single battle on the battlefield and that with a kaiser ( or rightwing leader ) who would n't have given up the war could have gone longer and germany would have come out victoious in the end , and that the cowardly democrats that signed the treaty are at fault for surrendering , completely forgetting that they were forced to surrender and that the situation was basically hopeless . 
  this is what i see in this and other comments , they are claiming syrizia made everything worse and another government ( who even ? 
  the previous stopped implementing and started reversing austerity when it got closer towards the elections anyways and austerity was shown to not work , even the imf was admitting that ) could have handled it all soooo much better ignoring the bad situation that syrizia was in from the very beginning !, 
  i mean , the eurozone is also kinda the bad guy here , there can be more than one , no ? 
  their politicians fucked up and the ez fucked up aswell in handling the fuck-up ... 
  i 'm not a european ? 
  fuck i even have blue eyes , i always thought the f\u00fchrer would have liked me :(, 
  the problem is , that too many hatefull white supremacist etc. 
  post will naturally discourage moderate people not to go there anymore , if you read a lot of hatefull shit and get insults thrown at you for long enough , you just do n't want to deal with it anymore , i for one am experiencing that myself ( tho i would n't describe myself as moderate as i am fairly leftwing just not extremist about it yet =p ) , that means , by not deleting and moderating and telling people to go elsewhere you naturally encourage the group that has not yet formed really really strong opinions or want to take a middle of the road approach to leave , because they get alienated , this sub has been shifting towards the right for a long time , and if we want to have different opinions and not have it completely go that way , we must discourage echo-chambers and alienating of people with different opinions ... 
  nice that austerity is working so great for the new generation =d, 
  facebook actually used illegal practices to kill of competition back in the day in germany , soooo it removed other alternatives of communication to themselfs , 
  what ? 
  no , we are like even worse than you frenchies , we shove weapons up everyones ass basically lol, 
  ` murica fu ... wait a second o_o i thought we kinda paused doing all that stuff , hmmm lets call the uk , wan na stir some shit up again ? 
  yea i think this is the best adaptation possible , but i also too enjoyed the books a hell of a lot more , so much that i stopped watching most of the episodes haha, 
  yea , i remember beeing super shocked by the whole thing in the books , was really fucking awesome , damn now i ca n't wait for the next one to come out again :( but to be fair to the series , from what i 've heard it does do some things better , daenerys does n't become the whining bitch she is in the books later on would be one thing they handled better , 
  what ? 
  he does n't say that ? 
  o_o damn ... that was an extremely powerfull scene in the books , why leave that out ? 
  i was talking about around 2003 where we had actual bigger refuggee numbers , gastarbeiter were never refuggees but guest workers or later then immigrants ... 
  i meant once they already are here ofcourse ... 
  i thought that was obvious ...
