  wait does die linke also get putin money ? 
  well , that and also against giving funds to greece/italy , so the two only ways to directly help greece really ... 
  thats how people refer to these types of courts in english , aslong as everyone knows what is meant it does n't really matter if they call it constitutional tribunal or supreme court . 
  the german constitutional court also get called supreme court a lot , that is just the popular name since its the us name for a court with similiar functions, 
   the eu should n't be in the business of policing democratically elected governments . 
  the eu absolutely should be policing its members . 
  they do that not often enough, 
  has n't there been a conflict between the west and islamism atleast ever since we provided poison gas to hussein in order to gas the islamists in iran , or maybe ever since the shah got fucked in a peacefull revolution ? 
  or only ever after the west stationed troops on `` holy ground '' ? 
  or ever since the first big jihads against the brits and the french , funded by nazi germany ? 
  whichever one of those you choose as the beginning point of islam vs west lies far back , its not a new thing, 
  then i 'd rather live in freedom , terrorists do n't kill that many people anyways, 
   people say islam needs reform like christianity did hopefully not , after luther and the reformation for a long time the lutherans/evangelicals were the most extreme factions in christianity , what islam needs is n't a reform but strong , stable countries wherein their major religious places are based christianity did n't stop beeing fucked up out of nowhere it was slowly erroded and conquered by secular europe over many centuries , the reformation overall finally made it easier , but seeing how islam already does n't have as much of a central power structure , which is how the reformation helped christianity , i would say it seems to be rather unneccessary, 
   the other invisible men in the sky generally do not direct their followers to do these sort of events . 
  it depends on the regional variation of the invisible people in the sky ( such as radical buddhists in china suicide bombing , or christians in south africa killing people in the name of their god ) , the unlucky thing is that the influencial places of islam are basically all in the most fucked up region of the world . 
  well if they were n't muslims they 'd probably find some other ideology to blindly believe in and fight/die for, 
  in 2015 crime went down all accross the board other than theft . 
  so i do n't know what you are on about, 
  the nazis had this great way to fix that `` problem '' : you see jesus is always ( or rather used to be ) depicted with long light brown/blond hair and blue eyes , but middle easteners do n't look like that , and italians do n't either , so his father clearly must 've been a german man working as a hired sword for the romans !, 
  and the jews killed him !, 
  how horrible, 
  ofcourse they are french , the idea of vassals is pretty outdated most territories that were n't let go got somewhat equal rights as it should be, 
  well afterall they are only 3/5 human in his mind, 
  i honestly think it looks neat , also better to have it like that compared to putting tons of acid on it to straighten it out like many black women in the us do, 
  just a quick thing , / u/executivemonkey is an american hero most of us here would call a `` troll '' and he 's been at it for years , just play along and thank him for his service o7, 
  to most people it aint , some alt right/nazi folks will call you a `` traitor to the white race '' for `` participating in the white genocide '' but those are retarded anyways so who cares lol, 
  most childrapists are n't pedos tho , and there is therapy to help pedos atleast surpress their urges, 
  why ? 
  while both are illegal , should n't there be a difference between holding down and raping a minor to non violent sexual abuse ? 
  do n't forget the lutherans driving over red lights while drunk , the most heinous crime possible in germany, 
  if it is a country like iraq that is considered fairly safe ( unless he comes from the fucked up part ) then he will defenitely be deported, 
  read the title again , it says farage ally , not farage himself, 
   that used to be a safe enough thing to do , but apparently no longer . 
  seeing how crime rates are still going down i do n't know how this can be true , the only reasonable explanation seems to be that while the actual threat of crime goes down , the fear goes up, 
   once someone rapes a child they 're no longer human to me , sorry that is a very foolish assumption , not only is it very easy for abuse , once you do not see a group as human , beeing inhumane to them is incredibly easy , and it is also easy to conflate other groups into the first one you started with . 
  but it is also a way too easy way of thinking , assuming that normal humans ca n't snap is foolish, 
   lastly punishment should serve justice . 
  how do you quantify justic tho, 
  with the uk having the strictest and most us like system , it seems that our less strict systems seem to work better , yes, 
   i agree . 
  it 's like people forget europe 's admirable and effective human rights approach . 
  the very same people that all want to be seen as the `` defenders '' of `` european values '' , it is quite frankly sickening to me . 
  universalism , in human rights etc. 
  is the big european legacy , is the big achievement europe made that noone else was able to do so before us , and these people , in the name of culture , just take a shit on it, 
  you ca n't ? 
  the us shows clearly that just upping the punishment seems to not have any positive effect on crime rate . 
  atleast here in germany ( and much of continental western europe ) , criminal law does n't really , and rightfully so i think , care about closure for the victim . 
  yea , you are just retarded m80, 
  that does n't matter , same with countries ( like the us ) that do have the death sentence , to support just because of `` well they should 've known '' is retarded . 
  i thought we were all about defending our values and culture ? 
  well frankly human rights etc. 
  is one of them, 
   `` they '' the americans or the jews ? 
  i 'm confused as to the difference between ( ( ( they ) ) ) and `` they '' , can you please elaborate ? 
  all those crazy conspiracy theories can be kinda confusing, 
  https://rsf.org/en/ranking and sweden does significantly better than israel in that one ... 
  that may be true but that does n't mean every piece of media is equally biased . 
  i would like to see your evidence for the point you made earlier about swedish news beeing just as bad or worse, 
  i have n't seen them downplay them , they talk about sexual harassment , and the ( 3 or so i think it was ? ), 
  rapes . 
  maybe they mentioned that most of the crime that happened was theft , but that only makes sense seeing how much misinformation was spread b4 ( like bbc claiming 1000 migrants were going around committing hundreds of rapes ) , ofcourse you need to address that and ca n't just leave it sitting there , no ? 
  the claim we are talking about was about beeing different from other parties in the aspect of beeing closer to the people and having an actual understand of the poor . 
  that is the hypocrisy we talked about , and the difference fn likes to emphasise . 
  ofcourse parties are gon na have differences otherwise they 'd be the same party , but op talked specifically about this one hypocritical claim , so i do n't see why you would bring up anything else really ... 
  it is , the us and the uk perform the worst in the western world iirc . 
  ofcourse it is worse in the rest of the world , but thats not what we should compare ourselfs too, 
  not only the eu , the entire western world , heck the us has even less social mobility than the eu . 
   do they all also claim to be radically different than the fn ? 
  yeah ... not in that specific way as far as i 'm aware, 
   what 's the stated point of galileo ? 
  having a system thats not controlled by a military/government directly . 
  this was due to the fact , that the us does n't give you access to the full range of gps ( a lot of satelites are military only ) and were able to give you incorrect data ( they claim to have changed that now not longer beeing able to do , now they can just nuke the whole civilian part ), 
  seeing how he made all his big major achievements in german speaking countries i think i 'll still claim him , 
  probably , there is no greater evil on this earth than mispronunciation, 
  when ever they einstine ( with st not beeing pronounced scht ) it kills me a little bit inside :(, 
  the anti-science shit of the green party is one of the reasons i wo n't vote for them , and the increase in science funding ( pretty big one actually ) under merkel is one of the things i like most about her . 
  actions speak louder than words, 
  that is not true as germany has replaced nuclear with green energy , not gas and coal, 
  thats not true at all , the right wing stands for basically the same stuff merkel stands for , the left wing stands for the stuff the spd stood for before schr\u00f6der , they are nowhere close to wanting to have socialism , heck even a big part of die linke is n't on that train anymore ... 
  why ? 
  they helped/didn ' t do enough , it is perfectly reasonable, 
  they are ... 
   emotional harm atleast in germany the law is not about emotional harm , which is why the english translation of `` hatespeech '' is kinda off , it is called `` incitement of the masses to hatred '' , which is a lot different . 
  emotional damage is not the thing that is tried to be minimized here , rather the attempt to rile up the masses in order to make later violent actions against certain sub-sections of our population easier is what is tried to be minimized here , the emotions the victims felt do not matter . 
  in the early 20s they were amongst the most progressive countries in the world , equal right for women etc. 
  promotion of women as the head of families not only dads , more rights for homosexuals etc. 
  there was a time in soviet russia when you could actually have said that , right up to about 1927, 
  does this mean britain enters the war on germanys side after we were attacked by france out of nowhere ? 
  well whatever you know , in germany bermuda swimming shorts are a-okay , they will just wear a burkini or whatever , and who really cares aslong as they have to participate i do n't think its appropriate to tell them how little they should wear , no ? 
  this has always been the case , stop spreading misinformation ... 
  we have special sonderschulen , and you can actually be allowed to homeschool your child if disabilities/illnesses are too severe , that is the only exception as far as i know where homeschooling is allowed, 
  that or nazis that do n't want their kids to learn about warcrimes etc. 
  it depends on the year , atleast we only had a like 2 or so swimming lessons a year until the last 2 years where you could choose a semester of swimming lessons, 
  bavarian here , never mixed , i ca n't remember elementary school but atleast at gymnasium they never were mixed until the last 2 years, 
  because conflict and strife exists, 
  germany has a few big central bodies for research unlike the us that the universities do it themselfs ( which is also why university ranking for germany and france , who have a similiar system in place , sucks hard ) , this was done by the max planck society the biggest one iirc . 
  atleast when it comes to physics stuff , they did this together with university of greifswald , providing most of the funding etc. 
  but `` burrowing '' the profs. . . kinda, 
  acutally this was one of the things merkel did that i really liked , funding for universities and science used be kinda not good in germany , and while its still lackluster if you ask people , it has defenitely improved and they even found a sneaky way to help universities without breaking any laws !, 
  science funding increased dramatically in germany ever since she took office , that is undeniably a good thing , it should kinda increase more and the way it is distributed is still not that great , but hey its a start !,
