  haha you might disaggree but talking from my own personal enjoyment , other than like 2 which tbh . 
  were compelte failures for like 60 % of the show , i generally enjoyed most of them more than jon stewart overall and i say that as someone who has n't missed a daily show episode in like 2 years haha tho i can understand that for many people it might be a bit too simple sometimes aswell as a bit too left , then again jon stewart ( while not beeing nearly as left ) is not really all that much higher than them i 'd argue actually its the opposite most of the time due to it beeing a different style of humor !, 
  i mean that there was a investigation that stated that a lot of it falls under the propaganda stuff that is unconstitutional !, 
  yea but ca n't you then say that for like all of europe aswell so it would n't be a reason for the growth !, 
  yea !, 
  tho they cut back a lot on the propaganda after it was ruled unconstitutional and stuff . 
  but yea like 80 % of the money is waisted !, 
  this and the new die anstalt both are amazing satire that in my opinion regularly are at or above jon stewarts level , in the last 2 years ( for die anstalt only 1 year ) we really have been blessed with this stuff , its awesome , and both are on zdf which means paid by public broadcasting fees , money well spend i daresay !, 
  they had to bail out their banks which they did n't want to , but we wanted them to do so because our banks had assets in greek banks and we did n't want our banks to suffer , this insane bailout has lead to them having a debt problem , b4 that it was not at a critical level . 
  if i force you to pay money on something you would n't want to pay money on , and then when you are in debt give you a bailout but also telling you can only eat bread and drink water for probably the rest of your life , do i seem like a savior to you ? 
  they just used the building of a 1.5 billion dollar sky scraper during the ez crisis as a reason to protest . 
  basically its a general protest against the handling of the crisis so far , but they feel that building this giant expensive sky scraper while people are hungry etc. 
  embodies the general management of the crisis and the treatment of those people !, 
  well kinda ... its more like : here you have to bailout the banks because we do n't want them to fail !, 
  oh now you are in debt ? 
  well we will give you taxpayer money with minimal intrest so you can give it to the banks who used to give you loans so they do n't have to worry , tho non of you population will see any of that money , ohh and also we will have you do all these changes which go waaay too far and cripple your country making it unable to ever recover again !, 
  now be thankfull bitches !, 
  sidenote : i am not against austerity itself or in general , i just think that how much austerity was implemented was a cruel joke , wwhile you probably needed some to have some pressure on the government for changes , they did go way too far , in general the handling of the whole situation does n't seem all that good to me , 
  yes due to overspending and oppulance during the ez crisis , the berlin airport does n't have any connection to the troika/ez crisis , thats why there are no angry angry protesters there right now , while the ecb does !, 
  context is always import without the context of the handling of the crisis and the siutation this would n't be an issue !, 
  well thats a problem that it does n't work like that , since the us wo n't do it anymore after 2008 . 
  up until 2008 the us recycled all the debt by sucking it up through wallstreet etc. 
  but thats not working anymore . 
  basically in the 40s and 50s the us looked at what caused the failure in the 20s ( the goldstandard ) and set up a system where they would ship their back then surplus economy to the deficit countries in order to recycle the money , after the us became a deficit country they completely reversed the cycles on purpose in order to recycle it by beeing a giant deficit country but then also suck up investment from the surplus countries in order to recycle it !, 
  now in post 2008 world the us ca n't / is n't doing that anymore , without such a system in place , a 20s style , or eurozone style crash is an inherent problem with the way our ez economies are set up , this also affects countries that a pegged onto the euro , they are basically part of the great ez and i think sweden has its currency in a fixed exchange rate to the euro so it also affects sweden aswell . 
  so we either have to make some reforms to the eu or ez , in order to set up these recycle systems , or we have to get rid of the euro , which means no fixed currency exchange rates either ( because that would be basically the same as the euro with the same consequences and pros !, 
  ) , which would make trade within the eu difficult aswell as weakening cooperation !, 
  the problem is , that without a way to recycle the surplus of surplus countries into deficit countries there will be more and worse crises to come , thats the problem with one currency/goldstandard , you need a way to recycle the surplus , sooooo if we do n't do something like that , that will mean the brutal end of the eurozone through many more and harder crisis could leave many economies destroyed !, 
  to me that does n't sound like a good alternative tbh, 
  given the old age of germans , most of our grandparents still probably have something to do with it , im 18 and my grandpa fought in the wehrmacht signing up when he was 18 in 1944 !, 
  i do n't see why time in that matters too much , otherwise other countries could claim that in a couple of years they should n't have to pay the debts anymore , because an arbitrary percentage of their population that lived at the time that created the debt is now dead , that leads to some seriously stupid shit ... also i think that the best thing about current germany is that it accepts and embraces its wwii past , by remembering and owning up to it , look at almost ( if not all ) all other countries on this planet , they all try to forget and hide their hideous past , we germans have done great in not doing so , no matter how dark the facts are we stick to the truth and remember in order that something like that never happens again . 
  the amazing thing is , we actually have a moral highground , a thing which in the last 40 years almost all big countries have lost on almost all issues , it might not be that easy or helpfull all the time , but the right thing is not always easy !, 
  i 'd be really really fucking sad if we turned into another us or another japan or great britain , that half the time do whatever it takes to forget their past , and not even really compensate , in many cases not even apologize for the horrible shit the country has done , i 'd much rather have a good honest germany !, 
  yea , like one of the asylum seekers i kno , because he 's working in the community here , was getting his major in it stuff when he fled , he has 3 children still back in africa :(, 
  yes . _ . 
  yes it is xenophobic , wtf ofcourse it is `` germany for the germans '' wtf, 
  i fucked that up < . < sorry i somehow thought it was sweden that helped the emperor , i apologize !, 
  i wonder why aswell !, 
  probably the fault of polish propaganda !!, 
  first they invade peacefull germany to start wwii and then they make our entire family hate us :(, 
  ahh yea thats what i was thinking off !, 
  :d thank you , 
  iirc is n't there some territory that the dutch and the german government are still disputing over thats beeing governed by both or something ? 
  i remember reading something about that =d, 
  you seem kinda really xenophobic there buddy o_o, 
  the funny thing is that immigrants get the same birthrates as germans , within a couple of years/generations the reason for our low birthrates is cultural stuff and the immigrants get affected by it aswell :0, 
  they are n't ? 
  atleast in germany , other than asylum seekers non-eu immigrants have to be skilled to be allowed to immigrate , they have to have 3 years of training with job experience , or a university or polytechnik degree , and for eu immigrants its eu law that everyone who does n't have a job within half a year can be send back , and we use that quite a lot , so its not as worrysome as you might think , 
  you guys used to hate us during ww1 during ww2 and actually for a pretty long time after ww2 , the dutch were some of the biggest proponents of harder punishment on germany iirc , it took quite a bit of time will things got all nice and fuzzy between our countries , 
  korea is getting better tho !, 
  thankfully enough r/de is shielded from / pol / thanks to the language barrier !, 
  that might be why r/germany is more right wing than r/de , because people have to actually speak german in r/de :d, 
  which is incredible tihnking about it , because lots of their country is covered in mountains which makes it harder for people to live there/big cities to exist !, 
  i felt like the pirate party would n't be `` protesty '' enough , like dielinke , while beeing half braindead goes completely against the grey blob in the middle and pulls to the left , so i thought that while pirate party would n't change anything , if enough people vote for dielinke maybe there could be a policy shift a bit to the left by spd !, 
  and they were extremely efficient !, 
  they killed 10 % of the entire boer population in just a single year !, 
  as a german i have to say , i am impressed with that sorta effiency :d ( do i need to put a / s to signal that me beeing impressed with these statistics is just a joke ? 
  yea !, 
  thats the reason i voted for dielinke , i fucking despise half of the people in there , and think they are brainless fucks , and some of their policies do n't make any sense at all !, 
  ( though i will say i think there are some really smart people in there and as a leftist myself that just hopes for a better left party , some of their policies are 100 % what i want ) but to me they were the better option of the party that is outside of the grey blob in the middle where it does n't matter who you vote for , i mean the other alternative ( hehe ) i have is xenophobes at best and nazis at worst < . <, 
  a german documentary that i watched , and stories from my grandma ... 
  they were n't really punished much as far as i know , the free french army i.e. 
  raped 200k women near where i live and they were n't punished at all from what i know !, 
  also the brits stole our kaisers crown jewels d = tho yes the russian raped more and behaved worse in general , then again we did more horrible shit and rape and stuff to the russians than to the east !, 
  not that that makes it okay , but they had a lot more pent up anger in them !, 
  russians overall behaved way worse , but the allies did a lot of horrible stuff aswell , its also sad that girls had to basically be prostitutes for soldiers in the after war years in the beginnnig to get enough food etc. 
  to survive !, 
  i mean ... we kinda did that too earlier , and iirc we kinda did it a bit more even < . < generally speaking in a different geopolitical climate i think merkel should and would have gone , it is important to remember that we lost when we went completely insane last time , 
  a current greek exit could be horrible ... 
  is n't that because we have more modern industry etc. 
  because we are a big country with lots of investment ( comparatively speaking ) in it ? 
  if a german worker works 36 hours a week and slacks off a bit in a fully automated factory , ofcourse he will still produce more than a greek worker that works hardcore for 40 hours a week but has to do most of the stuff by himself with no high tech machinery to help him . 
  so it seems that productivity is atleast as bad for looking how much someone works than the work hours , if not way more so !, 
  but do n't the sanctions make russia weaker aswell ? 
  they would have to arm themselfs even more if the whole thing escalates i think . 
  and i do n't think beeing a bit fearfull is such a bad thing ( since its only in their minds unless something actually happens ) unless it hinders investment and therefor economic growth which could be a possibility . 
  dutch families would n't get any justice if we train the ukraine so i do n't think there is so much changing , also what would you perceive as justice ? 
  attacking russia and killing their people ? 
  its highly unlikely they shot the plane down because they knew it was civilian and they wanted to kill as many innocents as possible , thats why i think a lot of the fault lies with the company , and i find it more so unjust that they did n't get heavily punished for risking flying over an active warzone !, 
  well thats just my take on it , i do n't really see most of the european states loosing more or less than german through inaction other than ukraine ofcourse !, 
  and the rest of the eu ( i.e. 
  france poland etc. ), 
  will loose so much more than germany from inaction ? 
  i 'm not disaggreeing with you that germany in the short term looses nothing from inaction , but sopadurso said its ok for europe and great for germany , other than the ukraine i do n't see how the deal would be any different for the rest of europe compared to germany , they loose the same amount through inaction right now , nothing !, 
  meh , we did that a lot too , france aswell , basically every major arms dealer now that i think of it ... 
  who 's your daddy ? 
  hey ... we have some pretty good political satire stuff aaaannnd ... thats about it o_o oh yea we take reality tv to a level easily rivaling hunny booboo or whatever that girl was called , so thats awesome aswell i guess < . <, 
  together with our friends from the netherlands , i aggree , 
  i think 3 % would be far far overshooting it , yes we need bigger military , yes we need to be able to strike fear within russia so they ca n't just walk into the eu , however 3 % is unneccesary especially if we are not gon na use it much ( which i still think we should n't , modern germany should be about securing peace i.e. 
  sending troops for un peacekeeping missions etc. 
  instead of attacking foreign countries unless they actually pose a big threat to our national security ) . 
  the biggest threat to german security ( from outside ) , when you forget about russia ( for who 2 % i reckon would already be enough if not more than enough ) is terrorism and you do n't fight terrorism by just invading the countries the terrorists are from , that only produces more unless you literally want to kill everyone . 
  you fight them with special forces , german in form of the ksk and the gsg9 two very good special forces troops who are some of the top internatoinally and have shown in the past 10-20 years they can deal with terrorists pretty well . 
  i personally do n't want to live in a germany that spends this much on defence , not only would that lead us to most likely cut down other stuff like infrastructure ( which in many parts of western germany is really needed ) or education ( one of the most important things for a modern country ) , because we the german people are so focused on not running any deficit for whatever reason . 
  also there is the problem of using that military , i do n't want us to use the military to start and aggression or bullying to any party that does n't threaten us , if you have a strong military more often than not you will actually use it to intimidate others and secure ressources , not only because of our history but also from a morale standpoint i do n't want germany to do this . 
  and i do n't see a different use for a military that big , russia does n't warrant that much military spending , and they will be dealt with sooner than later , so what then ? 
  tl ; dr : having 3 % military spending in modern germany in eu and european context does n't make any sense , tho ofcourse we should expand a bit and most importantly look that everything we do currently have actually has enough weapons and bullets etc. 
  and is functioning properly !, 
  well our history classes are from a time when we were way bigger us-philes , cold war that is , current media is more critical of the us also its usually because the us is the biggest player in a lot of this stuff , and leads a lot of things !, 
  near were i live approx .
