  i did n't mean to offend you , sorry, 
  sure i know aswell why the capital of sweden is the capital of rapes in europe . 
  firstly they have a way higher rate of women actually reporting rape because of a more equal society , in more `` rural '' areas like poland women get shamed a lot more for beeing raped , this leads to lower rape statistics . 
  however eventhough this makes statistics lower its actually a bad thing since women should be encouraged to report all cases of rape if possible same for men . 
  secondly not only are the swedish statistics more inclusive ( sexual assault is counted as rape iirc . 
  like without intercourse , while in most of the rest of the world it is n't ) ( also buying sex from a prosititude is counted as rape which is also not the case in the rest of the world ) , they also count it differently , an example : so lets say you have this married couple where the husband has sex with his wife eventhough she does n't want to , this is rape ( as it should be seen as ) , however the special thing in sweden now is , each time they have sex , it is counted as another rape in the statistics , so if they have sex once a day for a year it counts as 365 rapes , this does not happen in other countries , in all other countries this would be counted as one rape ( one victim one perpetraitor and one unlawfull act ( that gets repeated but is still one act ) ) in all other countries in the world , but it is n't in sweden which inflated their statistics a lot ... 
  so you see , comparing rape statistics between countries when not knowing how exactly they came to be is maybe not the best idea :0, 
  i did n't talk about refuggees , his moronic statement was about all muslims no matter the case , which is why i 100 % disaggree . 
  if you want to talk about muslim refuggee 's that whole thing would get way easier to deal with if we had common policies ( like refuggees get the same money in living cost in each country etc. ), 
  and would have laws on what each country takes , as then there would n't be as many loopholes , it would be harder to get to different countries as these countries would just look at the quotas and send them back and the countries where they want to go from keep them there in the first place . 
  this would send a message and probably stop a lot of them from trying to go further , because right now they know they can get to these other countries that take them in , so ofcourse they would try to do it , and they know they get more in countries like germany , so ofcourse they would try to do . 
  but to change those 2 things you would need a common eu policy which has been stopped by the east ... 
  no , why the fuck ca n't idiots let ww2 go ? 
  really from reddit it seems are the ones that ca n't let ww2 go are the eastern europeans . 
  just look at this thread , lots of shit comparing germany to the third reich , calling us fascist because you `` got rid of the right wing fascist now the left wing fascists are in power '' , comparisons to what the third reich did to eastern europe and claiming germany is doing the same now again etc. 
  all the while you guys are claiming that we are the ones that ca n't let ww2 to go . 
  ever thought that maybe we just wanted to help war refuggees aswell as uphold internatonal treaties because thats the kind of society we build and like ? 
  but the ones that scream nazi at every possibility they have are less focused on ww2 than the ones that just do stuff because they think its right not mentioning ww2 yea sure buddy, 
  but germany was pushing for the south-stream to be build again . 
  it was more like : lets do a project with russia and germany !, 
  germany : hell yea lets do it come on please do it ? 
  it does n't happen germany does a project with russia . 
  the east : hey you filthy nazi scum we wanted money !, 
  sure , what he was b4 does n't matter tho for what he was when he was fascist , because he was a rightwing-fascist ... 
  if someone used to be athletic and then becomes fat , he is not athletic-fat he is just fat really, 
  never give up never surrender !!!, 
  but seriously i now need extended breaks b4 going back into this hellhole each time lol, 
  uhm ... you know that we have a conservative government right now , and we are conservative compared to countries like the netherlands etc. 
  right ? 
  also trust me my little slovakian friend , if we become any part of fascist again , we will hurt you a lot more than what happens right now lol, 
  because you guys know about how mean and evil we are !, 
  and if you leave we will blitzkrieg you back into the 4rth reich flying over the channel on our magic brooms or something ... 
  ohh here is a cool little thing . 
  treat all muslims as if they only go to a different church , because thats what they do , they are not some evil horrible slav hating invaders just because they are muslim lol and for the crazies , i mean you guys had someone wanting to crown jesus as the king of poland . 
  good god the positive image of eastern europeans that i got from my friends there is starting to change thanks to this subreddit lol, 
  how does that proove that muslims are inherently bad for their economy ? 
  i was just providing an example where muslims were extremely good for a economy ( tho it does n't have to do anything with them beeing muslim , it still shows that a stupid sentence like his makes no sense ) , how is poland in a situation where every muslim no matter the circumstances would kill their economy just a little bit more even if he was a rich doctor or whatever ? 
  ehh we killed and displaced enough of you last time , just do n't attack one of our radio stations again you bloodthirsty barbarians :0, 
  rekt, 
  oh yea got ta play those nazi card against germany haha no it sounds like countries taking care of refuggees while making sure at the same time thesse refuggees do n't walk everywhere creating trouble for others ... 
  but then its not our fault but the idiocity of the media . 
  this is like : greg said hey i you are pretty cool to a girl . 
  then someone claims greg told her he loves her tho she has a bf . 
  it clears up later , people ( like you in this case because you heard the correct version from germans ) understand now what greg really said . 
  people still blame greg for telling her he loves her , because it was misunderstood so its really his fault for even speaking at all to that girl , better just never say anything !, 
  this behaviour is totally irrational , you blame germany for something it has n't done on the basis that what they did was misinterpreted ... 
  they are n't tho , the turks are one of the reasons for the german economic miracle , maybe poland should try it out sometimes ? 
  81 billion my friend , the others are all up on the moon :0, 
  as i just tried to explain we do n't do it soley for the reason of altruism , we did do it so that border countries do not collapse , and that we can then fix this problem together so that no one single country has to take too big of a burden . 
  it is not like these are all new ones noone would accept , the people we accept have to be accepted by one european country or another thanks to un treaties , we just choose to temporarily be the ones that did it because the countries that had accepted them so far are falling apart under the sheer number , we do this until we find a common solution where noone has to take in too many ... 
  this does n't seems like altruistic good hearted or anything , it seems like cold rational thinking , if you have to accept them anyways you do it in a manner thats least damaging to every member in the union ... 
  but its very low compared to a lot of western countries , the group the us is a part of, 
  they are , thats why we joined , but we also pay the most by far , so we also contribute something , thats the point , you get somehing cool by joining but you also give stuff :0, 
  what ? 
  i hear people from the uk complain about everything all the time o_o, 
  well a petition has just passed in bavaria to get the people to vote on cannabis , sooo lets hope we get the drug part right soon , 
  woah those are pretty fucking nice :0 awesome to see this kinda content again =d, 
  yea , do n't you see that you are just all horribly doomed to die , getting your head cut off by pc - anti-racist muslim fundementalists ? 
  d = having visited sweden , and having a friend who studies swedish and tries to go to sweden some times to help him learn the language and listening to that friend that about his experience there , your country seems closer to the opposite of all those doomsday posts , sure not everything is perfect but honestly does n't seem bad at all lol, 
  well i could say the same back then no ? 
  you should n't cry about beeing betrayed because germany does n't give you part of this take , after you refused to take part in sharing the burden that is the refuggee crisis ... 
  well at the beginning it was all your french toy , we only started playing with it after the currency union when you got sick and gave it to us :0, 
  it does tho , switzerland wants to be part of common market , to do that we signed treaties that also give us some influence there , it would be weird just letting them join in without contributing anything , no ? 
  we do n't want it for the sake of it , we thought there are lots of people that need help and ca n't get it anymore in border countries because their institutions are falling apart under the pressure , so we decide to take in more and not send them back until we find a common solution so that noone has to suffer a lot . 
  the quotas and redistribution are the part of the common solution where everyone has to pay only relatively little compared to a few countries having to take in basically all of them . 
  but as always right-wingers confuse reality with their dream world because i 've read so many just blatant lies in the last few days about germany on here its sickening ... 
  because we do n't have as close economic ties and not as many treaties with them which makes us unable to pressure them , switzerland wants to be part of the common market then there are things they might need to do ... 
  because there are soo many more coming that would need to be taken care of its a ridiculously low percentage compared to other big economies :0, 
  yaay now that they are following everything that we say again thinks are going just splendid :d, 
  she said we would accept syrians and we would n't send people back to greece or italy etc. 
  as those countries ca n't take the burden anymore , she never said hey welcome please all come here ... she also remains harsh on people that are economic migrants ( as she probably should be ) so yea, 
  so you aggree that its good that we do n't send them back , thank you , 
  she did n't say that everyone was welcome if you talk about the protesters that was a reaction to violent nazi attacks ... 
  you had your chance the first time around !, 
  our kaiser even wanted you to be nice to us :( but you were bullies !!!, 
  meanies !!, 
  germany does , we have a budget surplus and there is plenty of space available since people are dying faster than reproducing , and no we should show solidarity with greece and italy and hungrary and not send them back to let those countries collapse even further , i thought that was what the eu was about !, 
  are n't we in a union to help each other ? 
  okay , i guess just be selfish fuck italy and greece !!, 
  yea i do n't like this either , we would have needed an economic union with good fiscal transfers quite some time ago already to help fix this thing , but there is no political will for it , its easier to blame the lazy greeks for beeing lazy and stupid and greek :0, 
  that italy and greece ca n't take any more and are already collapsing under the weight and that one of our highest court ruled that its against our constitution to send people back there because they would not be able to be provided with food/shelter ... 
  i think that was what she was thinking when she said we wo n't send these people back to greece or italy or hungrary ... 
  so it would be better to send people back to greece or italy etc. 
  where the systems are literally falling apart , and they ca n't even take care of people ( housing/food ) anymore because there are just too many ? 
  yea that would have been so much better for everyone , damn us for taking them in instead of sending them to countries that are already exploding under the burden ... 
  and beeing german jews they nicely formed and walked into the chambers , not in a line tho , we seriously suck at making efficient lines , my countries biggest shame :(, 
  i 'm not sure merkel would do that , we should be seen as the chancellor that let the eu fall ( in germany atleast ) and loose a lot of power, 
  woah thats a lot of families with little kids there looks like a higher percentage than kids that arrive . 
  thats understandable tho i think , if i had kids i 'd make sure for certain that i gave them the best possible opportunity for later life especially when i 'm having to take them on such a horrible journey , if i strain them already this much i 'd want to make up for it by finding the best possible place . 
  while if i 'm alone i 'd settle for less , hey atleast i 'm safe and kinda can live there , not so much with kids beeing just safe probably would n't be good enough when thinking about their future !, 
  these are rules , and one must always follow the rules !, 
  even if the rules as declared by the highest german court state that sending refuggee 's back to greece etc. 
  is against our constitution , then you listen to that rule since its the most german one :0, 
  hey !, 
  what did we ever do to you ? 
  rude asshole !!!, 
  i would put cologne over berlin here , atleast around here it is known as `` the gay capital of germany ! '', 
  wait what ? 
  all you do is steal other peoples culture and claim it to be your own :0 germany has more culture than you !, 
  and we burned all of the jewish one to the ground !!,
