  better get rid of all white people !, 
  see , stupid logic ... 
  not at all ... mohammed cartoons were never a big part of their stick , and the did n't want to get reduced to only that , which is why they wanted to temporarily ( atleast ) stop it , go actually read their older stuff , almost nothing in there is about mohammed or muslims , but after the attack people were expecting them to do way more , which they did n't like ... 
  sadly it seems to be rising again , just like it was rising in the 90s , seems to be like a sinus function :0, 
  i mean , we can ask them to learn the language once we have possibilities for them to learn the language , here were i live they are taught german by elementary school teachers that can barely speak english and only teach 6 year olds , they also are unable to interact with germans , as they are not allowed to work , and will get looked at funnily if they just stand somewhere . 
  thankfully the community i live in organises the so called `` cafe international '' , which is a place for asylum seekers and natives to talk and chat over some coffee and cake this helps the asylum seekers to assimilate aswell as learn the language and the natives to get rid of some untrue stereotypes and xenophobia , but from my experience many other communities do n't offer similiar opportunities . 
  so again , how do you expect them to learn german , when their teachers barely speak enlgish ( because there is no funding for better teacher ) , they do n't get any material to study on their own , and they ca n't really interact with the locals ? 
  if you can provide a good opportunity , then yea let them learn german , it will be very beneficial for them if they have to stay here for some time ... 
  sure , i never disaggreed with that , all i am saying is , that this is exactly one of the things that the asylum seekers are peacefully protesting for , getting checked legally earlier to find out if they get asylum or not , i do n't see a reason to have anything against them doing that , especially if you do n't like how long we take to say no to those not desserving assylum ... 
  lets support neo nazis that actively attack police and civilians with stones and explosives , because people are peacefully protesting ... yea no, 
  yea really , peacefully protesting to get legally processed and then either accepted or denied , aswell as peacefully protesting to not live in shitholes that can be damaging to your health is really bad !, 
  lets beat them up , because our superior western culture and values demand that of us !, 
  yea , better just let thousands of people drown , that will teach them fleeing from war !, 
  atleast in germany the idea of killing off immigrants in order to stop them from coming here is not widely supported , no ... 
  why would they panick if hitler # 2 is coming over ? 
  looking at this sub , quite a few people here would be overjoyed , 
  is n't this what these asylum seekers are protesting for tho ? 
  that they can be processed faster , so it can be determined whether they can stay or they have to go because they are not real refuggees ? 
  what is wrong with that ? 
  they are protesting , because they want to be processed faster ( italy is crumbling noone is really helping them ) , so that it can be determined whether they can stay here or have to go ... 
  is n't this exactly what people in this sub wanted , that asylum seekers will be quickly processed and then either stay or get out , so that they wo n't be a drain on society ? 
  why is this reaction , to the people protesting for exactly what so many in this sub claim they want , so negativ ? 
  when did i ever say this ? 
  you must really have problems reading , what i said was , that they are not generally supporter in the population but opposed , this seems to indicate that your comment : that the majority thinks this kinda stuff but is too afraid to say it . 
  do you have any counter arguments or do you want to keep talking nonsense ? 
  the leaders of pegida are neo nazis , also i said neo nazis and right wingers , and while pegida might not be neo nazi they sure as hell are rightwing  my point was , that most of germany does n't seem to sympathise with rightwingers as seen by the anti-pegida protests beeing much much larger than the pegida protests almost anywhere , which is what you tried to say earlier . 
  so no , i never called pegida neonazis , i do n't see how you could come to that conclusion after reading my post ... 
  is it tho ? 
  is n't this subreddit here to celebrate how different we all are , it reads : `` 50 ( +6 ) countries , 230 languages , 743m people ... 1 subreddit '' i see him posting in his own languages aswell as in english as a celebration of how different we are while also celebrating what we share ... 
  yea lets set fire to ... uhh ... something while shouting passages from : das kapital ( karl marx ) towards the people !, 
  ** germany ** [ after 2 days of neonazi riots in heidenau , the police finally started beating up leftist protesters !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shmfccxbatg ), 
  taxes probably wo n't rise much , germany is doing very well economically , just last year we did n't make any new debt and pay off some of our old , we also have the lowest unemployment rate in a long time , which means more people paying taxes which means less taxes per person needed for the same end result ... and i honestly doubt that it is what the majority thinks , atleast when looking at pegida , the counter protests in most germany cities were like 10 times bigger than the pegida-associated protests , sooo yea , neo nazis and rightwingers just often want to think that they are speaking for the majority eventhough they probably are n't , 
  i will try my best to not let my politicians gang rape my children , thanks for the warning tho , 
  so what ? 
  should we give in to neo nazis ? 
  i do n't want to let these terrorists win , sorry :(, 
  get on your knees you black person , kiss my shoes , maybe scrub them aswel ... wait that seems familiar :0, 
  * lol i do n't see a problem with this , you can comment like you want , aslong as it is n't offensive or racist !, 
  edit : thanks for the gold :0, 
  this one had been deleted several times before the mods gave up , people on / r/de were already complaining about how the mods deleted this video they were trying to post . 
  also it is not like there is not a ton of anti-immigration stuff getting posted here ... 
  ehhh , its not like we do n't have that , also they seem to just shout , i like that more than something like this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rljelrqvsw #brauneidioten, 
  you know what ? 
  i 'd rather have their culture than have whatever this lot is doing growing , and have what these nazis think is culture be our culture , no thank you , 
  they are literally throwing stones at asylum seekers aswell as fireworks ... 
  i mean anyone with a brain should know these are nazis even without the nazi stuff they are shouting , no ? 
  neo nazis ... you ca n't really expect the guys that think [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ahkegixrbiy ) will get a positive reaction and look good , to have any ability to think critically, 
  yea i think it would be mean of us , to lump all neo nazis in together !, 
  some of them probably are just pyromaniacs with too much time :0, 
  give it back !!!, 
  is n't turkey already taking in way more of these refugees than any european countries ? 
  we can be a bit aggressiv in what we think is correct , i 'll give you that haha i hope that feeling goes away , certainly giving up part of who you are is not worth it in my opinion !, 
  we are one of the biggest weapons exporters aswell as letting the us use our bases for airstrikes ... 
  as i said , thats not true for berlin , give me sources ... 
  mind giving me some sources in which capital cities there are less europeans than non europeans ? 
  because i think thats bullshit , while i only know berlin , it has like 65 % `` full germans '' and about 85 % germans ( people that are not first generation immigrants ) , and even of those immigrants or people with migrant background many of them are europeans ( polish people brits etc. ), 
  i mean ... the west kinda has its hand very deep in all of these warzones , so i 'd be kinda carefull with asserting blame and saying that those that can be blamed should take more responsibility , could backfire haha, 
  yea but i thought we were supposed to learn from history and improve upon it and learn that nationalism etc. 
  generally only cause trouble ? 
  aswell as that the strong doing whatever they want over the weak is not all that nice and that we have certain european values of enlightenment etc. 
  that should teach us to try and be better ? 
  atleast thats how we looked at it in my history class :0, 
  ehh we , `` die waffenschmiede europas '' , do send a shitload of stuff in unstable places sooooo if you want the uk to take in a lot of them , we have to aswell ... 
  the problem here in germany is , that while we actually have some very usefull laws to stop a lot of that shit , they mostly do n't get enforced so you get like a worst case scenario for legalisation without actual oversight cuz noone bothers with the laws !, 
  also as far as i know percentage wise human trafficking has actually decreased in germany after lagalisation , just in absolute numbers its more than it used to be ( we always had a lot of it , aswell as a lot of women from eastern europe coming here cuz of no money ), 
  npd : force them all out , beat them if possible they are all horrible and do n't desserve to live here because they want to rape everyone of us afd : blame the eu for making us have dirty immigrants , go out of the eu and then kick the ones we do n't like out . 
  csu : make laws stricter , mutter some racist stuff behind their backs , make them uncomfortable here , but do n't kick too many out as that would be expensive the other parties have n't really said or done anything much , well die linke want to accept every , which is kinda a bit stupid haha, 
  for any german speaker here , there is a really good and interesting column by thomas fischer who is a judge at the bundesgerichtshof : http://www.zeit.de/gesellschaft/zeitgeschehen/2015-08/prostitution-justiz-fischer-im-recht but yea it should be kinda obvious that this is a good thing , the illegality of prostitution makes these people more vulnerable to police and authority abuse , aswell as it increases corruption !, 
  laws banning bahviour just because we do n't thi do n't really work ( see war on drugs , see prohibtion in the us , see ban on gay sex in a lot of countries back in the day ) , they are not beneficial to society in any way as they wo n't stop this bahviour , makes minorities more vulnerable aswell as makes everyone doing that prohibited thing more vulnerable as there are no guidelines to help them stay reasonable with their activity . 
  legalisation and then laws to protect and help people is the correct thing to do ... 
  thats not why nations exist , there is actually no reason why or intent or god given anything to nations , nationalism and the forming of nations is actually a fairly new concept/construct for humans and it did n't start developing for any real reason, 
  interesting , this could turn out real bad haha i hope this sub does n't turn into a second / r/worldnews i really enjoyed beeing on here a long time ago =p, 
  but that was n't what the post was about , i was asked to do one specific thing , to show that many of the illegal not deported asylum seekers just leave on their own , and i did that . 
  show me where the error is ... 
  previously you said i could n't possible have a rational or decently research post , well tell me how it is n't ... just because the facts do n't conform with your opinion does n't mean they do n't exist , is n't that what you guys always say ? 
  i have posted in dota2 ? 
  hmm maybe once or twice in my life haha well yea , i do n't enjoy beeing bored soooo i do stuff then thats what that sub was about , and starcraft is a hobby of mine that i enjoy , just like other people enjoy watching football or something i do n't see how any of those have to do anything with my intelligence . 
  maybe try to engage the arguments instead of attacking a person next time , i can do the same for you : you post quite a bit ( even posting a racist thread there yourself ) in / r/european you also created a thread on / r/aspergers titled `` enjoy beeing retards all you life '' , this kinda shows what kind of hatefull and ignorant person you are , now stop an angry asshole , thanks  edit : also as for my arguments , tell me what is wrong with this one : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3hfjx1/germany_expecting_650000_refugees_this_year_report/cu79uu2 i was supposed to explain why i was saying that many of the not deported , not accepted asylum go home , how is this not well enough research for you ? 
  no because they do n't answer or say anything against what i said they just downvote = 3, 
  okay , so according to this , about 3.2 people wanted asylum since 1990 : https://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/anlagen/de/downloads/infothek/statistik/asyl/statistik-anlage-teil-4-aktuelle-zahlen-zu-asyl.pdf?__blob=publicationfile according to this source ^ 2 in 2013 about 31 % are allowed to live here ( remember only 14 % get benefits the other 17 % are only allowed to stay here till the war in their country is over ) , okay now 2012 actually accepted a bit more than general also for ease of math so ill say generally 30 % are allowed to live here atleast temporarily that means you have 2,24 million asylum seekers not allowed to live here ( also about 1 million that are allowed , but remember many of them , especially the ones from the early 90s already returned so the actual number of them living here is far lower actually ) so you said half of them get deported so we are with 1.1 - 1.2 million left , according to the npd ^ 3 ( neo nazi party , so their numbers might be a quite a bit higher than the actual numbers ) there are about 600k illegals left meaning that about half of them leave , which is what i would say is a lot for people leaving on their own having to go to warzones !, 
  also to give you another one , according to bild ^ 4 ( a populist very rightwing newspaper ) at the end of 2014 there were about 145k asylum seekers here , now if you do the math again ( using 3 million instead of 3.2 million because there were 200k new asylum seekers in 2015 till the source ) you get to 145k out of 1.05 million non deported sill there , which means about 87 % left . 
  ( i personally think this one is closer to the truth because the other numbers were published by a neo nazi party as i said ) so if we use the npd numbers we end up with 225k people here 125k are illegal , if we use the bild ( again bild also very rightwing ) numbers then when end up with about 132.5 k asylum seekers here with 32.5 k beeing illegal which is about what i said happy now ? 
  holy fuck the brigading started , all my posts were at atleast +3 an hour ago with most of them beeing there for like 3 + hours already , and now suddenly everything plummeted hahaha, 
  where , in a poor country that can afford to house them even less ? 
  how will you fix it ? 
  wait , you know that most of those non-ethnic germans are not asylum seekers ( which is what this is talking about ) , and most of them are refuggees , but i guess you want all poles and brits and italians etc. 
  out of germany aswell , right ? 
  germany is 95 % white , if thats your big concern ... 
  yea i aggree with that , in the early 00 's we were easily able to deal with similiar numbers , but now we seem to be unable to , its kinda fucked up ... 
  there seems to be no political will to either help or deal or do anything with those people instead of having them sit around in limbo which is n't helping anyone really : /, 
  half get deported and a lot leave on their own , we will probably end up with like 200k which will over the years get less and less until its about 100k, 
  i do n't want sharia law , and thankfully it does n't seem like its ever going to happen ... also german muslims do n't seem to be as backwards as you portray them to be , a higher percentage of them is for same sex marriage than american republicans , and those are mostly white people !, 
  :0 japan is having huge problems with an overaging society right now , they also are pretty backwards about women for a first world country , this overaging society is why the government is panicking and will be letting more and more immigrants in , which is exactly the opposite of what you wanted with your earlier post , no ? 
  but its not like they just appeared one day , they appeared over one year , and if our government already is expecting that manner , then if they actually have a brain they would plan on how to deal with housing etc. 
  for such a number , no ? 
  it is not like 100k will just appear infront of your home at once ... 
  it also has an overaging society , that is pretty xenophobic and repressive to women , and has a lot of problems with their attitude towards sexuality , the government right now is panicking because they do n't have an idea about how to deal with the age of their population and are starting to let more and more people in which is exactly the opposite of what op wants , no ? 
  so not only do you dislike foreigners but you also do n't want equal rights and opportunities for women , gotcha . 
  also , yes almost 20 % of people here do n't have generations of germans b4 them , however most of them are from europe , but i guess you also do n't want brits , poles , russo-germans , austrians , italians etc.
