  it happens too tho , this stuff is mandetory for everyone , just recently the constitutional court told a muslims family that yes their girl has to attend swim class even if boys there do n't wear more than swimming clothes . 
  the two schools i went to did , we visited on mosque , a synagoge , two churches ( one protestant one catholic ) ( also learned lots of atheist thought , just so you do n't get scared ) , lots of museums and a concentration camp !, 
  because we deem education about certain stuff mandatory , otherwise christian fundies and muslims could just nope their kids out of sex ed , or muslims could not allow their kids to partake in swimming lessons or whatever they disaggree with , that would be retarded tho, 
  you generally do this when waaaaaay older tho , otherwise it actually could be seen as indoctrination as little kids wo n't be able to understand anything/will just believe everything , you go there in like 9th-10th year , right about when you visit a kz, 
  religion exists so they need to learn about it and understand whats going on , you also learn about lines of thought that disaggree with religion , you learn at horrible shit religions do/did you learn about proofs that were bullshit you learn about gott ist tod etc. 
  not having your kids interact with something that educates and prepares them for the real world ( in which religion does exist ) is the same line of thought all those fundementalist christian anti-sexeducation idiots follow , and i hope you aggree that that is ridiculous to keep your kids out of sex education , same applies here . 
  no rituals , you talk and ask questions and learn some shit . 
  islam is a very important religion and school always forces you to engage with stuff , my religion classes ( actually they are more philosophy classes later ) had me engage with thought concepts i do n't aggree with , also had religious kids ( including muslims ) engage with thoughts/philosophies that disaggree with religions in general . 
  this is healthy , children ca n't just learn to block out certain things like math if they dislike it . 
  you can just tell them your child is ill , here in bavaria if the child is sick for more than three days you need an official document from a doctor saying he/she is ill , when it happens super frequently and the school becomes suspicious then you will always have to proof it with an official document , also you need a document if you are ill on the day of a test , and you can only miss so many classes without having to repeat the year . 
  not indoctrination , you just go there , get some weird snacks and talk with them for a bit , with our year they had the problem that not only we were all teenagers but some of the edgiest individuals to ever be edgelords went to that class ( including me i must admit ) , so since the questions were written down anonymously a few were about muhammed beeing a war lord/child rapist ... 
  they took it relatively well actually weirdly enough, 
  we did with german class , maybe its just who has free time right now !, 
  funnily enough the mosque we visited ( one of two in the town ) later turned out to be under surveillance from the verfassungsschutz for possibly recruiting extremists , while the other one was a super moderate mosque lul, 
  idk , has n't worked out for austria so far ... edit : or maybe you could argue that we were always on austrias side , with them officially starting ww1 and hitler beeing austrian , and then seeing how austria is n't part of nato iirc . 
  maybe this time we win ? 
  i mean you can try , but if i think about the high points of european civilisation , or about the european universalist legacy i do n't really think about whats going on in poland right now , in fact i 'd say that that goes against quite a few things i would associated with the legacy of europe . 
  but go on to your rant could be interesting !, 
  bo5 or nothing , bo3 and bo1 not competitive , no skill involved, 
  not by order of germany since merkel publicly personally asked bulgaria to reconsider it and aggree to the south stream, 
  how is it hypocritical when germany supporter the south stream but baltics blocked it ? 
  really ? 
  what do people generally think of when they hear the word `` europe '' ? 
  i would say most likely western europe comes up most often followed by russia followed by eastern europe, 
  the difference here is that the turks coming to europe are generally the normal workers ( thats afterall what we looked for with gastarbeiter ) , the people from the country side , and they just like almost anywhere in the world tend to be more conservative, 
  sex with minors if abuse of minors , if you also at the same time forced them , you get rape on top of that , so we have an extra special law just for the whole fucking minors thing and then investigate if the minor was threatened etc. 
  into it . 
  no they never said his understanding of rape is different , they never made an excuse for it , they said the other court was thorough in its investigation and fucked up therefor the trial has to be redone ( for the rape part , the sentence for abuse of minors stays ) . 
  now in this second , redone trial he can still convict him of rape tho , since it was not at all about if he was guilty or not but rather if the court worked as it should have , which it did n't . 
  this is how the system should work i think, 
  so you 'd actively support legislation that makes stuff worse just to make yourself feel better ? 
  that is the worst way to do it , feel  reals is n't how you should act at all . - . 
   bz\u00d6 hahahahahahahahahahahaha if you think they are still relevant at all i have some bad news for you , heck you can throw in the german npd they are more relevant than the bz\u00d6 and that means something, 
  yea the fp\u00d6 which falls into the same category as people that want parts of poland and eastern europe back, 
   i do n't think we should make it easier to do that . 
  thats exactly what isds do tho . 
  without them they 'd sue for this shit but the judge would be only canadian meaning highly biased towards canada , the isds change not much other than that the judges are neutral . 
  this means a government ca n't participate in crony capitalism as easily as they do n't have a biased court deciding wether or not what they did was wrong, 
  but we ( as in modern germans ) generally are okay with this , like the only people i can think that want austria back also want to reclaim parts of poland etc. 
  and are either nazis or old crazy people like steinbach the fucking idiot, 
  also is n't s\u00fcd tyrol quite happy with the current state of affairs ? 
  the only ones i ever hear talking about bringing them heim ins reich are the fp\u00d6, 
  is that how it works ? 
  ohh absolutely he fucked up in a lot of ways , this is n't german politics so i 'm not fanatical about any of it xd but some people i knew personally had him beeing an old white guy as a reason to not vote for him which shocked me . 
  and his supporters on reddit were ? 
  i stayed away from that weird circlejerk for the most part ( unlike the_donald i couldnt get baited in ) what happened ? 
  or when you see whats going on in the us ... 
  did n't get a lot of votes because he was old and white , which in the identity politics of the democrats is n't as good as beeing white and female , that is not however what it should be about , it should n't matter , therefor any step in that direction is counterproductive, 
  explain it to me then and explain why the afd is n't ? 
  then explain to me how the afd does n't qualify as the most neo-liberal big party in germany ... 
  well enlighten me how the afd is n't in favor of neoliberalism ? 
  do n't forget frauke petry , basically an immigrant loving leftist gutmensch, 
  which ones ? 
  atleast here in germany , the afd is the most neo-liberal of all big-ish parties we have , trying to get rid of workers rights etc. 
  not more than the neo-liberal center-right, 
  yup , poland attacking our radio station was really unfair and hurt our feelings , you can be thankfull we still hang out with you !, 
  i specifically referenced one comment where he talked about treating erdogan supporters as foreign combatants , while you reference a place i posted in . 
  if you want you can go and read those , those were all comments going against `` european '' , because people told me it was about free speech and not a cesspool of the far right , same reason why i posted on `` the_donald '' until i got banned , to find out how much truth was in there . 
  so no you were doing something completely different from what i did, 
  well unlike you i do n't think erdogan supporters should be treated like enemy combatants and killed ... 
  not beeing able to negotiate ceta because a incredibly tiny minority objects , very negatively impacts the eu 's credibility and trust in foreign affairs , this will likely have negative effects for the eu on the world stage , and the eu is the way all eu members interact economically with the world stage, 
  lol wtf do n't reduce a person to their country of origin thats retarded , he can have a valid opinion and be from turkey at the same time , and looking at actual reviews of the movie what he said is most likely true ... 
  hamburg is very specifically bad compared to the rest of germany when it comes to this , i do n't really know why tho, 
  it does n't have to be verbal ... 
  the death sentence is not only babaric , it also does not make sense in the german tradition of the rechtsstaat ( austria is very similiar here ) , it completely goes against the idea of a rechtsstaat . 
  also you ca n't ever make up for it if you kill someone innocent . 
  i would n't say unfortunately , statistics show that the european system that focuses less on punishment than the us one , achieves better results, 
  no as it send back lots of information , the fact that it did n't land does n't mean that you do n't learn anything from it which is what it was all about , and again even if the lander would have been a complete faillure the overall mission was a success, 
  damn , what about the tens of other trade deals we have that use secret couts :0 eu companies use those more than the us or canda combined , actually more than twice the number !!, 
  somebody should have told them , those silly dummies lol, 
   europe want to keep their own faith in their own hands not to some multi national corporatlayer and some technocrats behind closed doors far from the justice system well we should have started doing that a bit earlier than . 
  those secret courts exist and are used , infact eu companies use these courts more than double the time per year that canadian and us companies combined use them lol but i forgot , aslong as we use them to bully weaker players like africa its all fine and dandy nothing wrong with it, 
   you mean the a400m ? 
  that 's airbus , not eurofighter . 
  and yeah , the a400m is a mess . 
  but then again it is a very , very special design , able to do what few other transport planes can do . 
  honest curious question : what is it that it can do that others ca n't ? 
  what is its purpose ? 
   and maybe even esa 's lander failures , it 's that our cooperation is shoddy . 
  just trying to point out that the esa thing overall was a success tho , the lander was the less important part of that mission , and it transfered a lot of data about its failure back , while it was supposed to also analyse rock on mars its main function was to test landing on the thing for the 2020 mars rover mission , so seeing as the main part of the mission ( the satelite ) was a success and the failure still send back 80 % of the important data from the landing which was its main function overall i 'd still call it a success . 
  it 's just that the lander was the part hyped up in the media sadly . 
  wait why should n't there be any public hospitals, 
  or harder to get in when the guy is so fat he ca n't see his own dick, 
  the project was mostly a success tho so i do n't see your point ? 
  2020 is the plan, 
  i know people are really negative about that but the whole mission accomplished like 90 % + of what they wanted . 
  the most important thing was getting the satelite orbit around mars as it will be a relay station for transmissions of the 2020 mission , humans have never orbited or infact send something this big towards mars , and that one was a complete success , as this thing was like 80 % of the purpose of the mission its already quite succesfull . 
  secondly the lander was there to find out how one would go about landing on mars . 
  seeing that the lander was able to transmit all the important information before beeing destroyed , giving the scientists enough data to make the 2020 mission hopefully a success , i would n't even categorise this as a complete failure the sad thing is this is a pr fiasco as the lander was the thing that was hyped up despite beeing the less important part . 
   total blackout , zero transparency untrue you can read the deal !, 
   gmo food being imported from canada i personally do n't really care too much about that one  large corporations being able to go after eu entities we already have these courts set up , infact eu companies sue much much more infront of these courts than us and canadian companies combined , aslong as the deal is set up good enough ( so unlike the ones we made with african nations enabling us to basically abuse them infront of those courts because of the extreme power imbalance during negotiations ) it is not as bad as people make it out to be , and the eu is big enough compared to canada to not get fucked over ... 
  but the ukrainians in poland are n't actually refuggees but workers that moved there , most of them not even coming from the eastern part of ukraine ? 
  stop your snarky bullshit , wtf are you on ? 
  you probably are one of those morons thinking bielefeld exists and everyone else is just on some conspiracy theory ... wtf is wrong with people these days ? 
  is there something that europe dominates/is really good at to make up for that lack of ict and hardware stuff ? 
  not obligated , but it would have been a smart move since it would have prevented a lot of the current refuggee crisis , the large movement really started when the refuggee camps started to run out of money , therefor food . 
  i was n't making a value judgement but rather about what would have been smart/good and what would n't have been, 
   why would we ? 
  in order to avoid a refuggee crisis , like the one that is happening right now , one of main factors beeing the camps in jordan etc. 
  running out of food ?
