  you are completely wrong , greece hungrary and italy were already overflowing with refuggees without any of the statements , we have had the largest influx of refuggees before any of the statements , , the statements might have made it worse a bit , but they did n't create this , ask any greek or italian or hungrarian there were lots of refuggees before 2 weeks ago ... 
  so many that our court was investigating if it was unconstitutional to send them back to border countries if they come here , because the situation was getting out of hand ... and the germans that showed the whole refuggee 's welcome stuff , was in response to a surge of nazi attacks , violent nazi attacks that actually harmed people so yes , its excuseable ... 
  are you trying to not get it ? 
  sending human civlians , even worse refuggees , into warzones where they have a high chance to die , against their will is against human right ... 
  to be fair , forcing anyone to eat british food probably breaks a few human right conventions lol, 
  so we are literally nazis now , because we want to do something that the majority of eu countries wants to do ? 
  great ... 
  so we should just send all of them back to italy and hungrary using dublin iii ? 
  that will end well for those countries having to deal with all of them haha, 
  we do n't , a majority of countries aggree with quotas we are just trying to fullfill the will of the majority , 
  most of the eu aggrees with quotas , we are just trying to get the minority to accept the will of the majority ... 
  we did n't start wwi ... atleast we are not the sole reason for it , there are other reasons that are atleast as big of a factor as germany ... 
  i aggree , its fucked up and i hated it back then , so can we now not make the same mistake again ? 
  the majority of eu countries aggrees with quotas , this is just about getting the last few that do n't want to give into the majority to well stop doing that =p, 
  no because respect is the most important thing in our culture . 
  it would be seen as insulting to lie to you because we think you ca n't handle our honest opinion , you only do that to little children or idiots , anyone you have respect for , respect as an adult that can think like an adult you tell your honest opinions and do n't put on a face , 
  most countries in the eu support us in the quota thing , we are just the leaders of this , so ofcourse we are in charge , if most aggree with what we wan na do , makes sense , no ? 
  especially when we have the backing of most eu countries , the few that are against it wo n't be able to enforce anything on us if we are the leader of a coalition that has a qualified majority , 
  because france supports us in this , and they are the only mayor player that is strong enough to stand up to us ( with the uk just looking and not doing much ) , so if we have support from france we are in charge , which is only natural if the two biggest countries want something ( and lots of smaller countries like austria etc. 
  also support it ) then usually they are in charge , it just so happens to be that in this combined effort which france etc. 
  aggree on germany takes the drivers seat , but that does n't really matter since france already aggrees with the direction we are going , 
  i aggree , tho not entirely ( since the quotas are about refuggees that are currently in greece italy etc. 
  not in germany so its not 100 % selfish right now ) , but maybe now that we finally started caring , other countries should not make the mistake of not caring for a decade that we ( as you aggree ) made ? 
  no you are a nazi cuz you talk about white guilt etc. 
  merkel came out against forcing anybody ... so shut up, 
  yea , thats one ... and generally they are between 1.7 and 2.7 with afghanistan beeing the only one higher than that ... also not that many from afghanistan come here ... 
  he did n't his name is full of s8 which german neonazis use as a short form for sieg heil , so yea pretty sure he did n't forget =p, 
  as a german i thought you would understand since you are german and most here aggree its kinda bad , then i noticed all the s8 's in your name , and remember that s8 mean sieg heil much like nazis use 88 for heil hitler and similiar stuff ... sooo yea do n't be a nazi anymore or there is no way i can take anything you say seriously , 
  his name is full of s8 , that stands for sh `` sieg heil '' , soooo yea ... 
  but africans and arabs in europe are getting towards the european birthrate , also if you look at the fertility rate for arab countries on here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_and_dependent_territories_by_fertility_rate they are generally between like 1.7 and 2.7 , and falling over the last couple of years , sooooooo yea waaay lower than what you are claiming , 
  no thank you , i do n't want any nationalism anywhere about the eu , lets rather make rationale choices , okay ? 
  well , when we did n't then people got mad at us , and now when we do people will get mad at us aswell ? 
  also i do n't think this will pass , too much bullshit in there , the courts might strike down !, 
  not really we are dumping them all on the eu border countries again , and since quotas are n't approved these countries are going to suffer a lot ... also i do n't understand the part where we ca n't send some people back but also dont allow them to work or get money elsewhere , thats not looking all that good ... 
  i think its more likely that the rightwingers on here downvote it without reading the actual article ( noone really does ) so they think this is about poland accepting refuggees something they would ( like any news article thats positive for refuggees ) naturally downvote , 
  we did n't break any law , dublin iii states that you can accept additional ones if you want you do n't have to send them back ... 
  if our court is looking into if its against our constitution to send them bcak to greece hungrary italy , then we wo n't send them back to those countries ... 
  we are still letting them in , just in a more orderly fashion ... 
  as far as i know every crime that could land you in prison 3 years or longer ( which this one would n't ) makes it so your asylum process is automatically rejected !, 
  so thats a non-religious school and just the group funding it is islamic , i do n't see anything wrong with that ... 
  ofcourse !, 
  thats why i vote for `` die partei '' , they promise to rebuild the wall so we can keep all the ossies aswell as merkel looked behind it !, 
  btw if you wonder , the right where the line becomes straight instead of what it is b4 is where the prediction starts , up until then are the actual numbers . 
  un til august we have taken some 250k asylum requests , thats still about half of the height of the yugoslav war as you can see quite easily in the picture =p, 
  it did n't , one minister did and articles made headlines with it , meanwhile merkel came out strongly against using anything like that , since she said it was against the european spirit !, 
  apparently its the other way around , since a majority of countries was for the quotas at the last summit of the ministers of interior, 
  how are we pushing it more than any other country ? 
  austria is pushing atleast as hard as we are , and i do n't think requesting this stuff is unreasonable , its not like we 've done anything bad or forced anything we juts request it , annoyingly maybe but again thats not a bad thing ... 
  is something that one minister said and merkel came out strongly against it saying it is not the correct way to proceed , so got anything she actually did to blackmail ? 
  but if the majority of the union is for quotas then quotas will happen , thats how democracy works ... 
  they probably wo n't but they are safe and decently taken care of , thats what counts right ? 
  well it took us germans to finally understand the godlike rethoric of one small austrian artist , so i think you are quite correct !, 
   so everything like normal then according to faymann , noone expects austria to take as many as we do ( we have n't closed the border we just now inspect people coming in ) , we still take them albeit a bit slower , and for the close cooperation , iirc . 
  merkel was in talks with both the minister of the interior aswell as faymann before making that statement about not sending syrians back to greece italy or hungrary , so it seemed that that always was the case !, 
  yea it was just something i threw in aswell , i just wanted to show that it seems to not conflict with the overall picture of muslims in germany !, 
  if the majority of the eu is for it then it will probably happen , that seems to be the way its going to be now , it also seems pretty democratic , letting a minority dictate everything on the other hand seems less democratic ... 
  how did she blackmail the rest ?? 
  i hope you know that she was firmly against cutting any spending , right ? 
  so how is she blackmailing , or are you overreacting or something similiar to that ? 
  we never actually said we would cut x funding , merkel actually has come out strongly against doing anything like that , it was just a minister that said that , but people do n't like reading more than a headline ... also , its more like : coming out of nowhere with some ideas how to deal with it that then can get voted on , which as it turned out at the last emergency meetings of the interior ministers a majority of the countries supported , does n't sound quite as evil , right ? 
  she never said the concept of multiculturalism is wrong , but the current attempt that germany made ( which was to be honest mostly : not giving a fuck ) had failed and that we need a new/better approach ... people just love to misinterpret stuff ... 
  but a majority of countries is in favor of it , actually they were the last meeting but the majority did n't want to push it onto the minority who was against it , so they said we will discuss further another time ... 
  this seems democratic to me , it would be less democratic if the minority got to block the whole thing , no ? 
  jup , me and many germans i know that have been fed up with politics aswell as merkel ( recently voter turnout had gone down the drain ) , are actually positively impressed with her now !, 
  not only does she seem to actually have an opinion of her own this time , she also stands by it , and you could actually see in the last press conference that its important to her that she is flustered , that she cares about it , this has never been the case before , sooo yea i actually like this quite a bit !, 
  even if i had disaggreed with her , i have to respect that this is the first time she stands for something she actually beliefs , or it atleast looks that way :0, 
  while i do n't have any other sources it does atleast fit my personal experiences with muslims in that country , and there is one story that might show something similiar atleast : when the guys from the satire magazin titanic were asked if they were afraid of muslims now , they said no , since they usually get a lot more hatred hate mail , angry calls etc. 
  from sports fans aswell as christians when they make fun of those groups , while muslims have been pretty mild , some football fans wanted to even close them down for an article they did , so yea . 
  also does n't the bible also say some really bad stuff about homosexuals , yet there are quite a few christians here that are in favor of it , i do n't really find it too hard to believe honestly , 
  what else ? 
  any specific examples ? 
  as a leftist i have quite a lot of stuff i think is wrong with her , but thats not so much internationally policy other than greece and giving weapons into the middle east , i wonder what people of your political views think she did wrong , especially since you probably mostly know only international policies =p, 
  not anymore i do n't think , merkel has killed off everyone even semi competent around her , she is still very smart and got herself in a position where she killed off anyone that had like any chance at all of challenging her, 
  i thought they had to have because of eu rules ? 
  that it was n't us alone that crucified greece and that it was n't us alone that killed the eu ... 
  no what he is saying is that according to the unhcr hungrary ca n't feed or give proper shelter to all of them which results in inhumane treatment ( note this does n't mean it happens because hungrarians are evil it can also be just too much for them to handle ) aswell as risk of live ... 
  but i thought we were evil dictator nazis , that force everything on eastern europe , i 'm confused now :0, 
  yea but do n't you know she should have known how exactly the media would present her every word and then make them present it differently or something !, 
  people died in shipwrecks looooong before we said anything , actually the reason we said anything was because the authorities in hungrary greece and italy could n't take care of the refuggees anymore , could n't provide either housing or nourishment , so people were starving ... 
  but yea its easy to blame everything on the evil germans, 
  if germany does anything just shout nazi as loud as you can , that will help !, 
  because they were n't coming earlier right ? 
  ask any hungrarians greek or italian , there have been tons of people for more than just a week , this was the reason for the comment in the first place anyways , the countries could n't take care or register them so germany said we will not send the syrians back there and take care of the ones tat get here ourselfs ... 
  if they fullfill asylum criteria then yes ... what should we have done let greece collapse ? 
  no racists that violently attack police and even civilians aswell as refuggees , racists that set fire to building , are you really trying to defend such behaviour ? 
  lol come on , eastern europe was among the harshest about greece ... everybody was gangraping them ... 
  she said she was against it , please read the article , ty, 
  if they do n't get a job here within like 3 months they get send back to your country where they now can live off of welfare cuz they are citizens and you have no chance of ever getting them out of your country , they can also vote and stuff , sooo yea does n't sound too smart ... 
  no , all the stuff he said were thinks that germany did ( like we were the ones inviting eastern europe to the table about crimea eventhough russia did n't like that , or we were supporting us bases there etc. 
  etc. ), 
  and he is saying if we did n't show solidarity we would n't do those things , so now eastern europe can also show some solidarity ... 
  not if its 1v1 my friend :0, 
  wait i thought interns do now have to be paid the minimum wage ? 
  not economic sanctions , it would be less economic help . - . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  60 % of moslems that actively live their religion in germany ( going to mosque etc. ), 
  are in favor of gay marriage , wtf are you rambling here o_o, 
  the fact that we signed un treaties aswell as our own constitution and our own morals , this coupled with the fact that italy and greece and hungrary ca n't take care of the number that are/were there so again our constitution might forbid us to send them back there ( one of our highest courts was looking into if sending them back to grece italy hungrary etc. 
  would be against the constitution ) , which also is the reason that they get here in the first place since those countries ca n't controll the numbers anymore , so a bit of solidarity gets mixed in aswell . 
  i would say post-ww2 guilt has very little to do with it actually , atleast in my generation i do n't know a single person that feels guilty or anything about ww2 , yes it sucked and we should n't forget it or do it again , but why would i feel guilty for something that happened long before i was born ?
