  ofcourse , the german vote stands for multiple times the people , it would stupid , then you would also want lichtenstein or lithuania have as many votes etc. 
  as poland ? 
  a german citizen is already the most underrepresented person in eu parliament lol, 
  yes but the polish government changed the law so that they can appoint the heads themselfs and fire and switch them out all they want , so they are basically puppets now . 
  idk how it works for other countries but in germany atleast this is ( almost ) impossible , and the 2 media councels that we have stay atleast somewhat independent . 
  they even investigate against themselfs to see if they 've been too pro government , they have to have by law anti government stuff iirc . 
  thats the only reason shows like die anstalt ( the madhouse ) exist that have been trashing out politicians, 
  no i have never said that ? 
  no ofcourse not , where did i claim that ? 
  concentration camps are however not an excuse to act against human rights yourself , right ? 
  a bad thing is a bad thing , you should look at it on its own . 
  if you murder a convicted murderer in his prison cell , that is still murder . - . 
  multinational companies that have their headquarters in germany own quite a bit of print media in poland ( otherwise like nothing at all ) however the majority of it is media about sports and stuff like housewives magazines ( like about gardening and shit ) , german company presence in media that deals with politics is actually relatively small . 
  and honestly who gives a shit if your sport or car magazin is owned by a german company ? 
  so yes international germany based companies do have a lot of polish media , just most of it does n't deal with politics , so saying that german owned media does a lot to influence consensus and the political narrative would be dishonest, 
   i doubt people in germany recognize who e.g. 
  reinefarth was . 
  that is not important , the curriculum does n't focus on individuals for a very good reason . 
  you do n't want people to think that he is the only bad guy and at fault for everything . 
  look i.e. 
  to americans discussing ww2 on the internet , they only really seem to know about the attrocities the ss did , they were the most gruesome war crimes afterall , but that is also the reason they think about the `` clean wehrmacht '' which is total bullshit , but because they only hear about the ss and how horrible they were , they assume that then the rest was totally okay just young dudes fighting for their country , which is bullshit , the wehrmacht was involved in a lot of horrible acts agaisnt humanity . 
  yes we do not learn what that one person did , but i i.e. 
  learned what the normal troops , what the normal people did , like hanging a polish dude for having an affair with a german women and beating her and locking her in her house , or the death squads we sent in after the war turned bad , or how the occupying forces and even the `` normal germans '' treated the slavs . 
  that is by far more important than learning about one dude who was the most horrible , because that way you ca n't just blame it all on him and think everything else is fine , that way you have to accept that there was a very large group of germans that did that, 
  he is n't talking about the territories that germany took during ww2 thats all fine , he is talking about the territories that used to be german for a lot longer it is illegal to take territories of the loser in a war because it is seen as inhuman for the citizens german attrocities during and before the war are inexcuseable , but i do n't see a reason to excuse other attrocities a bad thing is a bad thing , no matter who commits it and against whom otherwise why should n't the idiot right wing germans be allowed to defend german attrocities ( they love to bring up firebombings etc. 
  to make it seem like what the germans did was less bad or some bullshit ) ? 
  relativism is stupid and we should stop it , we should look at events for what they are . 
  they were put on death marches when they were resttled , 500 000 to 600 000 deaths is the current estimate, 
   i love how moving germans those were death marches with a giant death rate ... 
  the idea was that if we could stabilise greece with this ( originally shortterm ) thing , and get turkey to somehow participate , we could control the flow of the refuggees , we could plan ahead and when redistributing them throughout europe ( with germany obviously taking in by far the most ) deal with this problem in a relatively easy manner . 
  sadly none of it has worked out lol, 
  wait what ? 
  germans do n't learn anything about ww2 poland in school these days ? 
  uhhh that is completely fucking wrong , about half of my history classes were focused around ww2 with a giant part of it beeing about the situation in the territories we annexed, 
  no ofcourse not , polish people are constantly surpressed and beeing dominated by evil people no matter the time of the day or year , this is obviously just them trying to defend themselfs from the germans who obviously want to split poland up again since that worked out so well last time !, 
  under the new law , senior figures in public radio and television will in future be appointed -- and sacked -- by the treasury minister , and no longer through contests by the national broadcasting council ( krrit ) . 
  these are the ones that decide the program and stuff , yes, 
  yea , greece almost collapsing and starting a humanitarian crisis is what started the current german policy afterall, 
  yea they are back in syria , they do n't face the problem of beeing forced to fight for the various islamist militias or the government that kills its own people , thats why they usually send sons, 
  they basically replace all the heads of public media with their own people and claim its less biased that way, 
  already did that in an open letter lol and no we wo n't, 
  sure , but still after you signed up for it , it should be expected that someone like oettinger who 's function in the eu is exactly to talk about that stuff , well ... makes a comment lol, 
  he is just speculating like the time demaizere was talking about some percent of syrians not beeing syrians ( i think he said 30 % or something like that ) and later his own office aswell as other offices had to admit that he was just making the number up , that there was no evidence and he just decided that it sounded like a nice number , lol, 
  greece is the only internationally accepted safe countries , the other countries in the way do n't have safe country status , so by international law greece has to take them, 
   if you constantly call for violence . 
  maybe thats just his way of beeing anti-immigrant , we are n't allowed to judge him !, 
  do n't forget the nazi used to be anti-immigrant to !, 
   the germans are just not used to having poland for more than 20 years to the east of them and do n't really know how to respond very good , the nazi card always works and shows how great your standpoint is !, 
   do n't let them leave greece or the first european country they enter . 
  once they know they ca n't go any further they will stop coming there were hundreds of thousands in greece already before we allowed them to go fruther , infact germany only did this policy because it looked like greece was facing a humanitarian crisis soon , so sending them there would most likely completely collapse greece which really is n't what you want to do . 
  perfect case scenario would be all countries on the border beeing stable and beeing able to control who is coming and to plan , a collapsed greece would mean they can come in without anyone even knowing how many etc. 
  which is what you od n't want . 
  also for the last part , how do you know that ? 
  again there are literally no statistics , there could be 10 times as many and we would n't know, 
  idk which is why op 's comment does n't make any sense ( you ca n't say how many for most countries , but you ca n't even say more than in germany per 100k population , or more than in spain per 100k population etc. 
  because of how weirdly they count rape ), 
  what ? 
  lol there is no statistic about women raped , but if you want to compare rapes in sweden compared to other countries than this is ofcourse a giant difference i 'm sorry but its the way it is thats not my fault lol, 
  what ? 
  australia sends the to camps on island which they can do because they have the ocean around them , we do n't have an ocean and we do n't have islands to send them on into small little camps : / also noone knows if they stop coming since australia stopped giving statistics on how many try coming and made it illegal for reporters to look at the camps, 
  there are a few factors , firstly marital rape in sweden is looked after way closer than many other countries . 
  and the another big giant reasin is that , basically in any country other than sweden , if a rapists forces the victim to have sex with the rapist 360 days a year , then that would be classified as one rape in the statistics , while in sweden that would be 360 rapes ... 
  so you ca n't really compare the statistics you see ? 
  it is n't only about marital rape , that just the example given , basically in any country other than sweden , if a rapists forces the victim to have sex with the rapist 360 days a year , then that would be classified as one rape in the statistics , while in sweden that would be 360 rapes ... 
  ehh i 'm not sure , the us system is a lot harsher than ours and it seems to work even less ( very high rate of people re-comitting crimes after getting out of prison ) the uk system is the closest to us out of the big eu countries and they also have worse rates , the nordics are farthest away and have the best such statistics , now i 'm not advocating to go full norway , but simply going `` more harshness -  less bad stuff '' does n't seem to work, 
  and hogesa who was marching with them even less peacefull , i mean for crying out loud they call themselfs hooligans lol the first thing i remember ever hearing about hogesa is when they and salafists basically told eachother where to go to beat eachother up lol they are known for beeing quite aggressive and violent, 
  how is this fucked up ? 
  i think it was a perfectly fine response to people throwing beer bottles and firework at police officers . - . 
  or do you mean the fact the protest turned violent is fucked up ? 
  well i thought that was to be expected if hogesa and pegida do a walk somewhere together lol, 
  did n't they have waay too few policemen in case something happens and even refused help from the state police ? 
  that seems kinda unprepared =p, 
  pegida told them were they were , nye rapists did n't , the police responded poorly but not out of malice, 
  it is n't tho ? 
  pegida is but that because their leadership is literally composed of neo-nazis and people the police has to watch for because of crimes ... 
  but there are lots of people on tv shows etc. 
  that can say that stuff , and lots of people can voice their opinion . 
  heck i do n't even care if you walk alongside nazis , because sure you did n't know , but maybe not actually follow a leadership that is full nazis if you do n't want to be associated with them , no ? 
  sure lets applaud them , but the second they start throwing firework and beer bottles at the police , you kinda should stop applauding atleast those parts of pegida that do that , no ? 
  a peacefull protest is fine and should be protected , but it is not their right to turn violent, 
   how about firing guns at these people ? 
  you are absolutely not allowed to fire a gun at someone throwing fireworks at you , thank god for that btw, 
  because they were n't prepared , there was never an announcement on nye like `` yo we all young immigrants dudes are gon na be at this place at this time '' meanwhile pegida announced where they were going to be , so the police had enough people there to go against them if they do stupid stuff, 
  ohh whoops yea on the internet thats hard to detect , happens to me aswell when i try to make snarky comments =p lol they also talked about sueing merkel for genocide, 
  because they thought they had everything under control ( their first few reports were claiming it was all going peacefull ) , sooo yea ... they fucked up big time lol, 
  thats because quite a large percentage of the pegida people are violent hooligans/extreme right people , you ca n't really distance yourself from part of your core demographic ( also their management would also fall in that category , soooo distancing yourself from your management also does n't really work ), 
  they did n't expect what happened on nye so they were n't prepared , they expected something like this to happen ( which it did , apparently hooligans also attacked police on other parts of the rally ) so they were prepared , 
  ehh the rightwing actually shares a lot of thought abou women etc. 
  with muslims , so to them this is also degenerate and horrible lol, 
  yea because the police fucked up and was unprepared for nye ( this is the first time this has ever happened ) , seems like they learned from their mistake tho , 
  well i 'd say go after the perpetraitors with all legal means , and do n't give anyone ( no matter the ideology or religion or whatever ) any get out of jail free card , that would do more harm to the organisation that forcefully trying to close it, 
  god their speakers today were really entertaining !, 
  they said what happened on nye was a repeat of the kritsallnacht , they want to sue merkel for genocide of the german people . 
  `` the nazi is not brown , he is multicoloured and his holocaust is the killing of their own people !!! '', 
  or stuff like : `` i do not only call for the expulsion of islam out of germany , but also for the extermination of antifa as an organisation '' ( meanwhile when someone talks about them negatively , not even talking about exterminating their existence , they get all up on their free speech and how they are sooo oppressed ) yea i wonder how they could get aggressive enough to throw firework and bottles at the police after these types of speeches =p edit : i forgot how they talked about making abortions of `` german children '' illegal xd, 
  so rosenheim/alt \u00f6tting gegend edit : why the downvotes , i only answered his questions on where i was from o_o, 
  how do you want to do that ? 
  greece is the first safe country ( the talks between eu and turkey that everyone hates are about making turkey a recognised safe country so we can dump them all on turkey ) , so they kinda have to take them, 
  completely aggree , i 'm just against trying to force it out , but rather destroy it and let it crumble through education :0, 
  your statement seems to contradict itself , it super obvious to do , but it does n't work ?
