  she is also doing that right now . 
  and she also wants asylum registratoin centers outside of europe , again , so that unelligible people dont get to clog up the system , thos this is one thing i do n't think she is very sure on so she might only make them in europe . 
  and then she also wants the eu to step up as an international player in order to stop conflicts like syria going on , in order to combat the reason they flee in the first place ( with one of the main reason why they come here beeing the bad situation in refuggee camps which she is also trying to combat ) , she is already doing that , especially together with hollande , the uk as far as i know does n't want to join but rather be its own entity than try to negotiate this stuff as part of the eu . 
  the same for germany btw , she wants germany to take a more international role in these conflicts to stop them , like under her now we send weapons into a warzone for the first time , we did so to arm the peshmerga that were at the time about to be overrun by isis because they were underequipped , these peshmerga were in a very densely populated area , so them beeing overrun would have created a ton more refuggees , thats why she for the first time in brd history send weapons into a warzone , in order to enable the peshmerga to defend themselfs against isis and therefor stop new refuggees from beeing created in that part atleast !, 
  so overall given the limitations of our constitution what she is doing seems to be relatively reasonable , tho as i mentioned above there are some fuckups with it !, 
  which would be greece or italy ( yes turkey is not yet recognised as a safe country ) , sending them back to greece or italy , is not only problematic because those countries are already heavily complaining for years that they are n't able to take care of the current numbers alone and might get destabilised ( even more ) . 
  it is also looked into if it is against the constitution to send them back to these countries since you would know that there is a high likelyhood that they wo n't get food or shelter ( again not out of malice or anything but because the border countries just ca n't take as many on their own anymore ) so you have to let them into germany most likely , now the question is can you set a max number or whatever to deport the rest ? 
  no you ca n't its also against the constitution , its one of the articles which is under an eternity clause sooo you ca n't ... 
  we used to , yes but then greece and italy ca n't keep them in their country or take care of them , so sending them back is not only pointless it might actually be against our constitution if the places we send them back to ca n't ensure that they wo n't just starve or freeze to death ... 
  what the actual fuck , as if converting to islam and beeing a muslim is such a horrible thing that you could pressure people with it ... 
  why would we deport them if they live their entire live in germany ? 
  and again , those groups do n't usually vote for cdu/csu if merkel wanted to actually please her voting basis she would go the seehofer way ... 
  not really as immigrants ( refuggees ca n't vote in germany btw ) do n't really vote for the cdu/csu , its very unlikely that this is her reasoning behind it ... 
  there have been actually a few articles like that , even upvoted on here !, 
  but its mostly about a few asylum homes with big problems . 
  meanwhile there has been more than attack per day on asylum centers or asylum seekers and that was before this rise , sooo yea this kinda should get reported on aswell if it happens this much , no ? 
  sure you could do that , but that would fuck over austria , if germany just blocks out any more refuggees coming it will destroy what is left of the eu , so technically yes that is possible but realistically it is n't ... 
  not really , they always do stuff like this , they need to appeal to their voters and show them that they are not like those bad prussians !, 
  ehh this is what the bavarians ( am a bavarian ) always do , the csu theatens and cries murder to appeal to their voters and then do n't really do anything , that and they always come up with some weird idea b4 each election to get more rightwing voters , like those car tolls for foreigners ( which were ruled not okay by the eu courts ) . 
  also it is funny , that he now complains that this is unconstitutional after his own idea on how to deal with the crisis was rejected for beeing unconstitutional xd, 
  if , but it probably wo n't they destroyed themselfs by throwing out all the moderates , heck in a press conference their new leader distanced herelf and the party from the french fn as they are too leftist and socialist !, 
  they actually deal resaonable well with it , in that they discuss both sides , the problem i think we have however is how much they focus on it ( do n't get me wrong its very important and should be a big focus , but i think they might be drowning the reader a bit too much in it right now ) and that they only sho extremes , like its never just the standard story of these people its almost always only either : they show pictures of crying children or something like that . 
  or they show stories and pictures of a bad looking house and about every even minor crime one of them does ( again do n't get me wrong , its important to know , but same as with constant pictures of crying children i think its a bit too much and kinda sad that its only the extremes ) so yea i 'd like a bit more moderation , but i find it good that they show both sides , heck anne will even went relatively aggressive onto merkel and you could see merkel get relatively irritated/angry with her at one point which i thought was pretty good ( also its nice that merkel finally has emotions , and ideals something very new for her ) . 
  or how even the taz ( leftwing/green newspaper , that is relatively good to get a leftwing perspective on things , if you want to balance the whole die welt etc. 
  stuff , since its pretty well researched and reputable ) , let a center-right writer write an opinion piece on the `` leftwing arrogance '' , or how i 've seen more leftwing stuff about this in traditionally rightwing papers etc. 
  so its nice that you see lots of different stuff even in newspapers that generally follow more one side of the political spectrum but sad that they only seem to deal with the extremes and that cover it to a drowning amount instead of `` only '' a few stories per week on immigration, 
  his condition ? 
  that sounds like a great person !, 
  and is there no way to get her to stay longer ? 
  i suppose such a system ( only having the people be allowed in that office for a certain amount of time ) is there to limit corruption , it would be kinda stupid if it actually helped corruption lol, 
  why is she so important ? 
  or is it like she is the only one that is actually trying aswell as competent among her peers sort of situation or something ? 
  if you critizise the german leaders for doing so , you should also critizise him , if you do n't critizise him for trying to use this fashion to get something to happen , then you also should n't critizise german leaders , if you are however consistent with that then i have no problem with it , 
  why should we disband the eu because the southstream that we pushed for did n't happen ? 
  she also advocated the southstream which would be the super beneficial one , so she is not selective , but just advocates everything that brings more gas to us i guess :0 afterall we germans love gas :0, 
  i aggree the situation is pretty fucked up : / the cdu/csu are trying not to loose too many voters , therefor pissing of ee countries , which are absolutely neccessary in solving the current crisis which would enable the cdu/csu to be less of a dick to ee , since then there would be only one thing ( beeing nice to those ees who are totally all gypsies ) that pisses their voters slightly off instead of 2 things that do ... 
  i for one would like it if we would have led romania join sooner , heck even not make many of the other eastern european countries wait as stupidly long as they had to , but then again i 'm not a csu voter =p, 
  its the same as a german , or american i can imagine , i think whenever you are part of a big country people want to critizise you and the country just for existing , 
  and what else should have been done ? 
  as i already said germany wanted a southstream but it did n't happen , should we know just completely stop trying to fullfill the domestic energy demands ? 
  uhh he is back peddling right now a lot , probably scared about his job =p tho i have to aggree with him , it is disgusting that we have a rise of attacks right now , and note to everyone on here , he also critizises violence of the asylum seekers , so its not super onesided ... 
  ehh do n't worry !, 
  and if things really go down hill , we can always start another world war and try our luck with that , just like last time :0, 
  aggreed , its nice that she is trying ( and actually seems to finally care about something for once !, 
  ) , but i think whether or not she desserves it , depends on how this whole thing turns out . 
  we do n't want the same thing to happen as did with obama , when he got it , it was all nice and his intentions might have been super perfect , however he did not at all live up to a nobel peace prize !, 
  lets hope merkel desserves one in a year or two !, 
  ( and i say that not as a merkel fan , because i am not at all a merkel fan , but because that would mean that we successfully dealt with the crisis which i think everyone would like , eventhough different people have different opinions on how to deal with it ! ), 
  whats wrong with nord stream 2 ? 
  firstly i think that was companies doing and not the german government itself . 
  but even so , we wanted the southstream , it did n't happen so we need to find something else , to get the gas we need o_o, 
  ehh , they are still smaller then they used to be , this crisis keeps them alive for a bit longer , but they 'll eventually die out aswell :0, 
  it is n't , its usually like cat-calling and that shit . 
  you know that stuff you see in like america ( i remember they made a video of a woman walking through new york to see the reaction ) , it happens actually in a lot of the world , but not in germany , like not at all , but people from different culture ( i.e. 
  americans , people from me etc. ), 
  have a different attitude towards this stuff , sooo it can happen , and here in germany it is ( rightfully in my opinion ) perceived as sexual harassment , that was the main concern i think from what i read . 
  hey we still might be the country with the most nudists !, 
  so you better stop you meh !, 
  ( tho most of them are old poeple i believe , sooo yea kinda dissappointing xd ), 
  now if they were german i could possibly see them pull it of : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/82/m%c3%bcnchhausen-awille.jpg http://www.nonkonformist.net/wp-content/uploads/2011/08/muenchhausen_kanonenkugel_1.jpeg, 
  in germany if you spew jihadist bullshit , you get into the same trouble , if you incite to violence against a group ( lets say christians ) because of whatever ( lets say you are a very radical muslim that hates christians because they 've fed him pork once or whatever ) then you get into the same problems . 
  yes it does n't happen often enough , but you could say the same about most other groups aswell , even the neo-nazi arsonists get away scott-free most of the time , so it seems to be a general issue ( with hatecrimes in general not beeing persecuted ( note persecuted , so the police not trying hard enough is what i 'm saying i 'm not calling for harsher punishment but for more effort in investigations ) enough ) rather than something that only applies to muslims . 
  funny thing tho , from what i remember while the justice system does n't care too much about muslims saying and doing stupid shit and even waaaay less about right winger extremists doing that , they seem to really care about the left wing tho lol like i.e. 
  in heidenau , where neo-nazis and right wing extremists rioted for several nights , only like 2 of them got taken to court ( they were throwing stones and shit at police and civilians , even different kinds of burning stuff ) or taken into police custody , meanwhile during the 1 day where there were leftwing counterprotests , several of those people where immediately taken into custody and put on trial , there was even a video of a police officer spraying shit into a girl that was down on the ground ( and hitting her i think tho i do n't remember that part clearly so it might only have been spraying stuff into the face of a downed leftwing protester girl ) , meanwhile as the rightwing extremists where throwing fireworks and stones at them they just stood there and took it lol, 
  so if your neighbours house is on fire you let him stay with you , but after some time you just throw him out and force a weaker neighbour to house him ? 
  because thats what turkey would be doing , and thats where the problem is . 
  i thought it was one of the requirements of beeing an eu member , but i 'm not 100 % sure !, 
  also should i just change my flair so people do n't take offense if i ask stuff ? 
  damn people are aggressive, 
  it does n't scare me that much ? 
  i was just asking because i thought that was the case , but ofcourse i made the mistake of having a german flair !, 
  and sure i 'm for much more monetary distribution in the union , especially the euro !, 
  i have never pretended anything like that , neither has merkel , nor the media in germany , so yes , it is waay more rationally than this hypothetical side which either does n't exist or is just a fringe ... 
  yes , sure , but i also think that that back then is wrong , that still does n't mean we ca n't make a right desicion now . 
  also the ones relocated are the refuggees , they are the ones that were weeded out and get asylum , the economic migrants do n't get asylum and therefor wo n't be shared ... 
  uhhmm ... poland folded under german pressure last time , they voted yes on 120k refuggee distribution , so i 'm not sure you wo n't listen or give a fuck, 
  not sure , people here tell me how we call literally everyone a nazi all the time ... 
  you know that the hypothetical quotas quotas are orders of magnitude lower for eastern europe compared to germany for a reason , right ? 
  the reason , spoilers , is that people account for ee beeing poor ... 
  we actually pushed for a southstream to be build ... what he said was incorrect ... 
  shhhh we actually were one of the countries pushing for the southstream and urging for it to be build but okay !, 
  she did , germany was one of the countries pushing hardest for the south stream , even urging countries to seek new negotiation with russia , only after that did n't happen did we build the northstream , so your rethoric of evil germany not letting eastern europe profit from the southstream to build a northstream solely for them is completely wrong . 
  here is one of the first results if you search for this stuff , its actually really easy to find , you can find many more aswell : http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/12/15/us-bulgaria-gas-southstream-iduskbn0jt1ni20141215, 
  no which is why we want a quota system in which greece and bulgaria would take very few , in the current system of : `` the country they arrive first in has to take them '' , greece actually has to take a much much much larger share of the refuggees than germany compared to their economies etc. 
  this system would actually be benefitial for often very poor border states !, 
  you would go against the people that actually do and very openly say very bad stuff , but you would n't surpress the general less extreme side and ideas of this political party , basically what we do with the npd now or with islam with a much lower % - age of extremists tho !, 
  do n't you need a half decent welfare system as a member of the eu ? 
  you think it will go that high again ? 
  honest question actually , i thought it was mostly due to the damage the udssr had caused and the super high growth was romania catching up as not much needs to grow to have a high % number !, 
  so my question is , is that assumption wrong ? 
  how does the eu hinder the growth of romania , how would leaving the eu benefit romania in terms of economy ? 
  what should they do ? 
  shoot at refuggees ? 
  they are questioning it tho , there are constant debates about it on tv etc. 
  are you basing this all off the fact that people in pegida were calle racists because pegida is and was led by literal neo-nazis ? 
  you know if you use a different means than protesting behind neo-nazis you actually can critically talk about the refuggee crisis , and its completely fine and acceptable right ? 
  i can show you tons of german media where people critizise the approach and everything ... 
  so no your argument is invalid , please try to first actually know whats going on in a country before you talk about what you think is going on and call everyone in there a political fanatic, 
  hahahahaha , good one  i might not like or aggree with everything on merkel , but this sub usually is everything from rational !, 
  no i aggree with you , also why i do n't want those dirty non-german speaking slavs here !,
