  one of the reasons i did n't liek brexit from the british perspective was that for workers rights etc. 
  generally it had been the eu actually guaranteeing a minimal amount of rights against blair/tories . 
  therefor i feared , should brexit happen , that the tories would just get rid of everything they could n't get rid of before . 
  however if hypothetically ( and i do n't think this will happen ) old labour manages to gain control , that would be quite interesting indeed , and while i still am not convinced that it will all work out , i certainly think it is better than if the tories were in charge !, 
  not really , i think its quite funny , and also they are not neoliberal in the traditional sense , but rather have adopted the word after beeing called neo-liberal so much , and seem much more closer with the right wing of social-democratic parties ( old ones , not after the right shift ) than people like raegan or thatcher etc. 
  that the state not only follows laws but also certain principles to ensure the freedom of the individual . 
  so its a further qualifier, 
  rechtsstaat is the german word for it , tho if i understand correctly rechtsstaat does go a bit further than simply rule of law, 
  italy is our poison , argentinia is germany ... 
  both of those are storylines ( well argentinia is more of a meme ) but its not the essential rivalry storyline that we for some reason have with the dutch !, 
  ofcourse poland never actively helped hitler to help hitler . 
  my point is just that poland is not somehow especially great , or especially against fascism as can be seen by opportunistic moves like this . 
  the polish resistance was commendable and something truly great , but it was also because the nazis literally wanted to kill every single one of guys because of their retarded as fuck ideology that claimed that some humans are inherently worth less than other just based on their ancestry . 
  this idea of poland as the jesus of europe just does n't make any sense if you look at polish actions during the interwar period , poland was just fucked by geography , but poles do not inherently act like better moral people than other people . 
  the difference is , that i never claimed that my country was somehow especially great during the nazi times . 
  stop trying to hit me with the sins of my great grandfather , thats retarded . 
  poland was just as opportunistic as any other normal country ... and i said effectively , because while there was no actual allience you jumped on that opportunity to get some more shit real quick, 
  and 70 % do n't want any of that shit , why ignore the majority ? 
  what ? 
  did you conveniently forget that time when you effectively allied with nazi germany in the past to invade another country ? 
  only to then later be invaded yourself when that idiot wanted a bit more lebensraum than that had gotten him ? 
  how great you were at standing up to hitler back then when he was not attacking you but attacking someone else together with you lmao, 
  oh fuck off , so now we should listen and do what the far right says because we do n't want them to take over so they would force us to do what they want ? 
  that is retarded ... 
  i thought le pen was created by another le pen , ex-leader of a party that was started by ex-waffen ss and far right terrorists , also an open holocaust denier . 
  but it must be those evil leftists probably . 
  hoping for the best !, 
  have a gay friend in poland that says he feels pretty uncomfortable with pis ... 
  so yea i hope everything will turn out better !, 
  atleast mr sauer almost never does public stuff unless it is science , or very very rarely politics . 
  if it is the same with mr may , then it makes sense for the guy to jump in , as it is a photo for every partner of a world leader that attends these sort of conferences . 
  the number of migrants who tried to get through was getting smaller because of easier alternative routes that is why it kept beeing managable , that was my point . 
   what part of my example relies on an alternate route existing ? 
  asylum seekers that used to come into the eu through hungrary , have alternative routes into the eu , italy etc. 
  therefor when one route closes the asyulum seekers will give up trying that route after a while and choose a different , easier one . 
  this only works if there is an alternative route, 
  when turks immigrated to germany , they were pushed on purpose into their own ghettos , away from the german population , there were schools built for turkish children so that german children would not have to interact with them etc. 
  for a turkish child to go to a predominantly german schools , not only must he/she have been extraordinarily smart but the parents must have also really pushed for that super hard , which obivously most did n't if all the officials they talked to were against that sort of thing . 
  there was an attempt to keep the turkish immigrants separate from german society , so they formed their own stuff , which now leads to them not identifying as german since everything in their expat societies had been built up on the assumption that they werenn ` t. 
  the reason for this mostly was that germans at the time thought after the economic boom that these workers had helped to achieve in germany the turkish immigrants would just leave for whatever reason . 
  the german wiki in general has a huge problem with its admins , if you have a bad admin interested in the field you want to write about he will absolutely abuse his powers for stuff he does n't like ... german wikipedia is pretty ... not good in that way . 
   the experience in hungary suggests it 's the latter . 
  that only works because there is a different route that people can just take . 
  with mexico and america for example , or if you wall up all of europe , that is not the case , people wo n't just stop trying since there is no different route . 
  they are fundementally different things, 
  there is no precise percentage ? 
  to get something like that is so incredibly hard it is impossible , what you can do however is point out if it is majorly contributing or not , which is a more general term ... 
  a result of immigration policy in the 60 's and 70 's sadly , to correct that however is extremely complicated . 
  lets see all the poles on here defend this one aswell ... 
   the proper question is how humans are involved in this occurrence . 
  the vast majority of the scientific community , some 95 + % are saying that not only is it real , but humans are a major contributing factor in it . 
  at the same time the whole economy was to collapse without another war ... 
  great how that worked out, 
   9/11 hijackers operated out of germany because of germany 's retarded and suicidal desire for blind tolerance . 
  you 'll never learn . 
  this has literally nothing to do with refuggee policy fuck off ...  libya was a result of france . 
  us forces stepped in after france , and many other nato allies , failed to run a bombing campaign against a comparatively broke country . 
  the vast majority of refuggees come from the middle east which is more of a us/british problem , but yes france fucked up too , so ? 
   and all the times article 5 was n't triggered and the deterrent element was to be used , you were n't . 
  if i look at iraq that was an objectively good and sound response by the german government . 
   says the nation with the luxury to kill itself , all because of nato protecting it . 
  it is not as simple as that . 
  look at french vs german cinema to see the effects . 
  quality wise german cinema has gone down the drain in the 80s whereas french cinema puts out consistently higher quality stuff . 
  their protectionist policies overall enriched the world wide film industry , giving french style/viewpoints/interpretations / culture a voice in cinema , which creates greater variety . 
  i 'm not arguing that this specific policy is good or bad , but protectionist type policy when it comes to cinema seems to be superior to non protectionist ones . 
   must admit that i do n't really get the motivation behind it being needed on eu level . 
  i think they plan to unify the online market for the eu , which is easier if you have more similiar regulations already !, 
  i think it is a good one , if you look at french cinema and german cinema , the french way of protectionism clearly allowed for the movie industry to remain pretty decent , while the german one completely fell apart ( and is now maybe slowly rebuilding but who really knows ), 
   \\  have budget surplus ; money to waste on refugees even with refuggee spending we have a budget surplus , also that money was a stimulus resulting in a larger than expected growth of the german economy . 
   \\  refuse to do your part of the lifting seeing how the refuggee situation is a direct result of your retarded conflicts i 'd say we do more than our fair share . 
  also the only time article 5 was triggered we were there so please kindly shut up . 
   \\  get all pissy when trump says nato is obsolete a lot of germans might aggree with him on that actually , since nato has in recent history only been used to project american hegemonic power . 
   \\  refuse to support mutual defence we do not , infact germany is one of the biggest proponents of a joined eu army . 
   ca n't imagine why anyone is sick of germany . 
  pre wwi germany was super militaristic and patriotic/nationalistic , with the heavy amount of propaganda i doubt the number would be so low , heck even in an aggressive war the number would probably be high . 
   a lot of historical ( and geographical ) names are translated . 
  some people even translate the name of `` karl der gro\u00dfe '' for whatever reason ... weirdos am i right ? 
  we tried it with 2 balls , and a fucked up arm , and we tried it with 1 ball , now we shall see if no balls are best !, 
  i am german , i have not been taught ever that i must be ashamed of beeing german ... 
  yes , that is better , as it is an objectively true statement , unlike the previous one . 
  have an upvote, 
  modern germans do not hold guilt , please stop repeating this bullshit it does n't make it any more true . 
   hat they must be ashamed of being germans . 
  how fukcing retarded is this ? 
  just because i do n't want to die for some soil does n't mean i 'm ashamed to beeing german . 
  have you actually ever been in germany for a long period of time , and know anything about our culture ? 
  i regret picking latin , not only do i hate the language with a passion , french would 've been super cool and interesting in retrospect ... 
  i think thats for kids mainly , because often they 'll be scared by foreign cousine , still really retarded imo , but its like the `` safe bet '', 
  but we also have a ton of imported restaurants , we have very high quality italian , turkish , greek and even french food here , because of proximity and economic dominance, 
  are n't they starting to get rid of that tho ? 
  in 6th grade they bait you with legonaires and other cool shit ... 
  i do n't think they 'll lose , but the weaker their win the better , that means they might actually have to start and give a shit about the rest of the country . 
  how do you explain africa having the biggest diversity in genes , phenotypes etc. 
  then ? 
  how did merkel create those problems ? 
   his main source of income is laughing at negros and talking dumb catholic shit sounds like an awesome guy ... 
  there are a lot of houses etc. 
  to commemorate everywhere where an important historic german person once stayed . 
  a lot of minor details get remembered and stuff , things like `` hier schiss goethe '' or `` hier kotzte ghoete '' etc.
