  200k women were raped by the free french army , but i do n't remember hearing anything about americans tbh . _ . 
  none , but probably a fine, 
  iirc there were stats showing that about 90 % of the crime was done by 5 % of refuggees, 
  because germany is taking them in ? 
  ehh thats just a thinly veiled inferiority complex about beeing nazis, 
  which is why this is currently hotly debated by different legal scholars, 
  it needs to be intimidating according to the german constitutional court , therefor most party uniforms would n't be illegal as they are generally not seen as intimidating , unlike the shariah police stuff, 
  germany ? 
  lol, 
  the refuggee distribution program has punishment for refuggees leaving their designated country iirc, 
  but you ca n't just ignore voted on laws and regulations because `` shit happened '' , you 'd need to make another vote to get rid of them , simply ignoring them would be madness, 
  in my curriculum , it was said that there was blame to go all around , and that it was mostly a result of nationalism and militarism leading to expansion wishes on the german front aswell as hatred between all the different sites ( for things they did to eachothers forefathers ) , which was just the perfect mix for some kind of disaster to happen . 
  i do remember beeing reminded tho that germany was one of the countries looking most for this war , eventhough basically all major players involved did in one way or another !, 
  each and every country has that kind of stuff going on tho, 
  250k per refuggee , yea no thats way more expensive, 
  i mean if you voted on it and the majority voted for it , and it becomes a law , then not having any kind of repocussion for not following the law would n't be kinda moronic , no ? 
  well in the 90s we forced everyone who is 18 or older and does n't have a small child back , if they did n't want to then we used police force against them ( if they have a baby they get a few extra years but have to leave ) , to the point where a 18yo girl got a letter on her 18th birthday saying she will get forcefully deported in two weeks if she does n't get the fuck out , while her family still stayed in europe , no feelings no nothing, 
  to see you be downvoted etc. 
  on issues by rightwingers is really weird to me , i remember when you used to be one of the more rightwing people here in / r/europe o_o, 
   the one time temporary one yes and thats the one you get find for not following if i understand correctly , so whats the problem ? 
  eu budget , tho i 'd prefer it if they sent it to border countries , especially greece thats struggling with the numbers , but oh well, 
  or try to influence my life in a negative way because of them , yea, 
  fucking switzerland stealing our robot memes :( germans are robots not those idiots , they take waaaaaay too long to do anything anyways !, 
  because those went back or were forced back , which does n't support his point, 
  same with germans , a few more come back whenever germany is the main topic , and then get promptly downvoted into oblivion for disaggreeing with people xd, 
   3 770 695 is the number of valid votes right ? 
  if so it really is literally one vote away from 5 % treshold . 
  number of total votes as far as i understand  what do the other numbers mean like 3 659 804 ? 
  number of valid votes , but apparently in serbia the 5 % the determines wether or not you get in is determined by % of total votes for whatever weird reason, 
  having your dudes on foreign soil is actually cheaper for the us than if they were to ahve them on their own , since there are a lot of cost sharin aggreements , also it helps the us peoject power easily . 
  the drone strike i.e. 
  are based out of germany , european bases also have been absolutely key to the us when bombing in the middle east, 
  well thats the thing tho , they dont have to feel the negative impact nearly as much as we or countries even closer to the centerpoint of the offense, 
  it depends on the antifa organisations , most of them are pretty harmless and do n't have a problem with democracy , there are however extremist ones aswell , antifa is n't one big giant organisations , its a rather loose network of different groups, 
  so you are saying we should give up our values to not let someone else destroy them ? 
  how does that make sense at all ? 
  low energy, 
  he is , he took a break but i remember him beeing a bigg-ish figure here when i started to first go to this sub, 
  jeff has lived here for 7 years now , he is paying for the house together with us , he has partial ownership of the house , i think its high time you accept him living in this house as an equal, 
  yea aslong as he does his job well i do n't think he should be punished , especially since his organisation still acknowledges democracy and the german state , i would n't want a member of antifa or die linke be unable to become a prosecutor either !, 
   why ? 
  because of international law ? 
  because of our european values that you rightwingers are always so protective about . 
  if you really cared about what values europe got from englightenment or humanism you would n't try to trample on it yourselfs, 
  / u/savannajeff is a really old and respected member of this community , and has lived in europe for a long time , simply ignoring someones statement/ideas because of where they might have been born is an idiotic concept, 
  next ull say we wont get any of that good british food either :0, 
  nah the guy is more a fan of greater germany, 
  its funny that the guy part of a burschenschaft that does n't even acknowledge austria as an independent nation and wants it back as part of a greater germany might be the head of state in austria :d, 
   germans should stick to offending and vilifying poland and its leaders that was satire since it has a basis in reality which it is mocking . 
  throwing a string of insults at a person , however nicely rhymed , with not context to reality is not satire, 
  we are talking about france , not britain tho, 
  allies does n't mean you bailed them out , bailing them out implies they were lost without you ... also great job making a nazi reference , super original !, 
   high energy obama i never understood the context of the high energy part , can someone explain pls ? 
   south stream - illegal , dangerous , launch procedures against bulgaria , must be stopped nao !!, 
  is what romania etc. 
  said yes , germany infact was very supportive of bulgaria trying to renegoatiate with russia even encouraged it ... 
  so many times ? 
  ww2 and libya come to mind . - . 
  a lot of modern germans are , its not my fault u get your stereotypes from 70 + years ago, 
  the 5th one will shock you ? 
  sure but i just meant to provide a summary for people not well versed in that !, 
  and yes they were , but that was the only way to possible hold of the soviets , so its kinda understandable i guess ? 
   it 's not a big deal , it 's kind of national sport to complain . 
  austrians are quite similar in regards of `` complain culture '' . 
  germans aswell , such is life in central europe, 
   you left out austria in all that lol . 
  they joined up , the anschluss was pretty damn well received by the population , and even before that they had their own fascist dictatorship , the lie that austria was the first victim ( unless u define victim differently and also consider germany as in the german population a victim ) was very popular among right and far right austrians until the late 80s , spreading into the mainstream , however it was later cleared up and people admitted their history/responsibility ( guilt sounds wrong here idk what to call it ) as a nation, 
  here in germany public media has to have atleast some shows against the government , as is stated by our constitution , stuff like die anstalt drag the government through the mud everytime they are on , 
  because they threatened and/or attacked reporters , so reporters are less free in doing their job , its just weird usually it comes from governments but this time it comes from the little man, 
  then there is no freedom of speech in any country thats not a warzone since all of them have some limitations, 
  well 185 might be a bit too harsh aswell , the big big problem i have with 103 is that it has much tougher sentencing etc. 
  for a small group of people only , i do n't like that , i am however in principle not against 185, 
  who wants to make u feel guilty about that ? 
  i think you are misinterpreting , all i am doing is showing you with and example that it was n't just muslims doing that, 
  completely aggreed !, 
  americans constantly make nazi jokes in my direction , and then get super offended over a 9/11 like he just did , like what the fuck, 
  german here , not muslim we in school had a shit load of 9/11 jokes , i remember especially that burning twin tower cake we found to be absolutely hilarious to show on the anniversary i think its mostly beeing edgy etc. 
  nope , too extreme , he was part of the moderate wing that got thrown out a year or so ago, 
  jup the patents the us got from germany are worth more than the money the marshall plan gave germany , also germany was n't the biggest receiver of money during the marshall plan, 
   next time hide your flair  ahh so when someones german anything they say on the matter becomes null and void because all evil super genius germans have a giant secret plan to make poor little poland feel bad :(, 
  you mean the data that most of german media in poland is football and car and housewife magazines ? 
  how are those supposed to influence political thinking in a big way ? 
  they are n't even dealing with politics ... 
  where did she do that , she made a deal so that german law applies , which concerns hatespeech , not saying you do n't like refuggees/immigration, 
  in fact they did , in germany civil unions are almost equal to gay marriage ( there is only one slight difference concerning adoptions ) , but this was only due to the eu court forcing our government to make it that way , since unequal tax reductions etc. 
  go against equality !, 
  so without the eu it would actually be a whole lot worse !, 
  the state has the duty, 
  yea i too think the law is too hard , i also do n't like that you get punished harder if its a foreign head of state , however i do n't think a change version of that law would be super terrible, 
  no danger , this is clearly satirical and unlike b\u00f6hmermann he didnt say it wasnt beforehand and it is not only a string of insults with mostly no connection to erdogan , thats the thing that sadly might/will get b\u00f6hmi in trouble, 
  that would make them legal immigrants . - . 
  by definition an illegal immigrant does n't have a visa, 
  what ? 
  where have i said that ? 
  it is just that most american news stories that get pasted her that are about europe , are completely inaccurate and portray a picture as if there were no-go zones everywhere and that the endtimes are coming . - . 
  uhhhhhhhmmm ... okay because thats totally what i do, 
  ohhh no another american article that points everything as beeing horrible and soon going down the drain , whatever will i do ? 
  lol k, 
  what did he say ? 
  the `` reichsb\u00fcrger '' the most patriotic bullshit flagwaving ( just not the one of the brd ) blind in love with their country people are one of the groups causing the most trouble,
