  i 'm not quite sure , can i see a formal proof for that ? 
  and that is ? 
  ahh so its only a bias , not dogma . 
  tbh i have n't heard that much good about ordoliberalism ... 
  how would you classify their ideologies if you had to ? 
  how respectable are both handelsblatt and economist ? 
  as a non-econ guy i have not real idea ... 
  they would n't get any benefits in other eu countries . 
  and yes it would be symbolic , thats why its so retarded that poland is n't doing it ... 
  and also the little jobs they have to do to stay on hartz4 those drive down wages aswell ... 
  i think the problem is rather that you went into iraq with them ( unlike e.g. 
  germany or france ) , not that they asked you for permission ... 
   migrant quotes ... lol . 
  it was democratically decided , so poland should take 5k people , that have been screened and approved for asylum . 
  it is not a game , and thats exactly why the eu should do it , a country going down the route of poland has to be punished because it is serious and not just a game . 
  what a retard, 
  what did they say ? 
   i know that in darmstadt germany can you send me a source for that ? 
  i 've never heard that . 
  in the very end maybe , but i 'm talking about round 1, 
  refuggees per country , not muslims , and only a small number , and only because the majority of countries aggreed to it . 
  and that is not done to `` muslimize '' but rather to ease the burden on italy and greece which have been left by other eu countries to deal with the problem on their own for the most part . 
  wait i thought you guys were reals  feels , then why do you argue from a feels  reals standpoint ? 
   new testament ( it 's nice that they 've actually updated the version ) and quoran . 
  parts of the new testament and parts of the qu ` ran , having actually read both there are nice chill friendly parts in both and horrible parts in both ( althought the new testament has a much higher percentage of nice parts ) . 
  this aswell as the existence of the of the old testament makes it possible to interpret both scriptures in any way you like . 
   and the socio-economic reasons ? 
  where ? 
  especially in the religious centers of the religions , most important christian centers are in somewhat developed places while islamic religious centers are in a completely fucked region of the world , these are the places with the most influence on the religion as a whole and where most scholars etc. 
  from that religion will be from . 
  i never said that islam is the problem either , i think socio-economic reasons are much more important to radicalisation , i think if the geography of christianity and islam were swapped with the religious centers of christianity beeing in an incredibly fucked region it would be extremely similiar but the other way around . 
  what ? 
  i think you need a little bit more training for reading comprehension , nowhere did what i say imply that islam is n't the ideology behind it , rather my point was about wether or not someone buying a qu ` ran is already a very scary sign of them becoming jihadists or not . 
  ohh those retards . 
  nah i bought mine myself , i was interested in the subject , and decided it could n't be much worse than the bible so why not . 
  when i bought it i was a 18 year old guy , so part of a group even more likely to start killing infidels ... 
   the socialist party is crumbling and if they could make it to the parliament it 's because they acted like lapdogs to macron . 
  during the elections they basically stabbed hamon in the back . 
  which is sad because hamons policy proposals etc looked the best by far , this way the left had to choose melenchon . 
  i do n't know i bought a copy of the qu ` ran to read , and i did n't start killing infidels ... 
  fuck those csu morons , and fuck that s\u00f6der looks even worse than seehofer , why the fuck do i have to live in a monarchy ? 
  the state department is the official position of the us on foreign affairs , so i do n't really get what difference that distinction makes . 
  really one homogenuous ethnic group ? 
  because that is fucking complete bullshit , there is way too much variance from north to south , from east to west to make that claim . 
  i aggree , we should n't build separate schools and housing stuff to keep the immigrant population away from native germans as was done with turkish immigrants , but i think hopefully learned the lesson that forced segregation will harm integration ... 
  which from my experience might be more % than the turks that support erdogan , russo-germans i know are much more politically minded most turks i know are apathetic . 
  but these are real people that can vote . 
  people in of low seocioeconomic status , especially with lots of inequality in their immediate surrounding are more likely to committ any type of crime . 
  ( exept for ones they literally ca n't commit because they do n't have the money like some wallstreet fraud stuff ), 
   eli5 : why are n't we already towing the rafts back ? 
  is what op said , he clearly was n't talking about the ngos but state actors . 
  thats still an act of war ... 
  i think any form of nationalism is pretty retarded tbh . 
  does n't matter if its white people or anyone else ... 
   eli5 : why are n't we already towing the rafts back ? 
  are n't these ngo ships sending the wrong message ? 
  because european militaries entering the harbours of other countries without beeing allowed to do so is an act of war . 
   focus on scientific and technological development , this is wrong , comapred to the weimar republic nazi germany was extremely lacking in scientific development , falling far behind western nations in medicin , fundemental physics etc. 
  only beeing among the best in applied physics , while the weimar republic used to dominate all of science . 
  the nazis and their policies were directly harmfull to the science community in germany , slashing funding for theoretical and fundemental research . 
   if it were n't for the killing and war , who knows how history would have remembered him . 
  but the war was inevitable as the economy would 've completely collapsed without a war . 
  and even if we assume a magical world where his economic policies can exist without a need to plunder territory to prop up the economy : he would still be seen extremely negatively , slashing all workers rights , giving corporations complete control over their worker which resulted in worse working conditions and less pay , coupled with literal slave labour in the worker camps which e.g. 
  built the autobahn , i doubt history would remember that version of hitler positively at all either ... 
  no , the identitarian movement is right wing extremism , they have existed long before the crisis . 
  once again , i am not trying to argue one or the other , my point was that stats are not completely politically unbiased because the same stats can be ( as the example above ) used to justify completely opposite opinions ... 
  the demographic is n't half somalians tho , most of those will be eastern europeans and turks . 
  according to these stats , yes the person suspected to commit crimes against your sexual self determination , which includes rape , exhibitionism , groping etc. 
  ( and unless there is a gigantic number of false suspects , which i do n't know enough about ) , is much more likely to be somalian in that scenario . 
  should you however walk down a street that is representative of german demographics , which is what your above statement suggests since you just mentioned a random street not a specific example where the same number of somalis and germans are around , then the suspect for that crime will most likely be german . 
  your current wording is just not good , you should probably update it to something like `` so you are saying if i walk down the street that has the same number of germans as somalis , i have higher % to be raped by the somalian then german '' , that way noone will be confused and think you meant just a case where you walked down any street . 
  my point was about how the same stats can support both points while both points are completely at odds with eachother , therefor ops statement about how stats have no political bias is bullshit . 
  it is completely irrelevant to my arguement whatever the reason for the higher amounts of crime committed by black people actually is . 
  can you not read ? 
  how do you not understand the point i was making ? 
  the same data can be used to support two opinions that are completely at odds with eachother ( the example i gave ) , therefor to say that data does n't care for political bias ( here op only used political correctness but i would say this about any political bias no matter which way ) , is a demonstratably false statement to make . 
  i did n't make a strong case , i was just simply stating the fact that the same data is used to support completely opposite opinions , how can you not see this ? 
  they have to , otherwise they 'd be on the side of pis , duh !, 
  no that user is also very right leaning and just trying to bait , do n't be an idiot ... 
  i talked about crime statistics in america in general , because it is the easiest example i can give about how the same statistics can be used for completely opposite views , so idk why you are talking about crimes against sexual self determination ... 
  the problem is thats its lower than all maghreb states , if there was one maghreb state that was lower than that number and the others above it , it makes perfect sense , that one country just has a lot more people in there . 
  but if the number of all maghreb states is lower than the number of every single individual maghreb state then there is no way to arrive at that number . 
  no since germans still make up the vast majority of rape suspects ( again this is only suspects not convictions ) , therefor its still most likely for the suspect of your raping to be a german . 
  what ?? 
  it absolutely can be interpreted to fit anything . 
  if you look at crime stats from the us , you can come to the conclusion that black poeple are subhuman pieces of shit that ca n't function well in society , or that ( and thats what i would suggest personally ) inherent economic disadvantage and inequality levels lead to a higher crime rate and that those things should be fixed . 
  if you can use pretty much the same data for both statements then i do n't see how your comment makes any sense . 
  but its fine because fascism will save us from the muslims and their evil , outdated , hatefull ideology !, 
  there is racism against poles here aswell , not as much as against brown/black people , but still it exists . 
  the einzelfall map is extremely misleading , a lot of the time those are cases where its only speculated that it could have been a migrant and then stuff like a toaster catching fire was also on there und arson ... 
  sure , but an asylum limit could only ever limit the amount of asylum statuses granted , and even that is questionable af, 
  ahh so we never even got to 300k accepted . 
  and i 'm pretty sure the most we 've ever accepted ( not applied but this would obviously about accepted ) was around 300k and that was 2015 by far the year with the most people . 
  but op talked about instability right now , and now you talk about giving it time , seems a bit retarded tbh, 
  we do n't even know if an upper limit would be okay with the constitution , or if it changes any . 
  implementing it would be only for show ... 
  ohh yea those have increased like crazy !, 
  i was talking about demonstrations strictly tbh, 
  this is an article about germany tho ... 
  what ?
