  o_o i was just guessing lol , i guess i 've got the mind of a right wing extremist lol, 
  what do does edl and nfse mean ? 
  english defense league and not for secret emuslims ? 
  have n't you heard , they are not part of the eu anymore they are part of the german 4rth reich !, 
  yea religion can grow in places with poverty and places with lack of education ( not saying it only exists there because it clearly does n't ) it gives people a sense of hope , which i think is n't too bad ... 
  we sadly do have those kind of guys in the west too ... anyone remember that german neo-nazi couple that went around for like 10 years murdering immigrants in germany ? 
  they literally killed someone and then moved somewhere else and did the same thing ... disgusting . . 
  it is awesome , now i just feel bad that i did take fucking latin instead of french , one of the worst desicions in my life :(, 
  i thought they build some stuff around it so it does n't leak as much/not at all anymore ... then again i could be wrong , it has been happening for sooo long , andthe media is n't as upset about it anymore , lol people just seem to get used to it or to forget xd, 
  but we did fuck up already , for example one storage facility was leaking radio active waste into the ground water , contaminating it ... 
  no my pride is that with one other european country together ( i forgot which one ) germany is the country that decreased its emissions the most percentage wise ... 
  our emissions overall have gone down tho ... 
  i would aggree with it beeing really bad if we got rid of nuclear and therfor our emitions overall did go up , but they did go down , not as fast as they could have , but they did ... 
  idk , after radiating the ground water around a storage facility for the waste and some other accidents , for example this : a near core meltdown occurs at greifswald nuclear power plant . 
  three out of six cooling water pumps were switched off for a test . 
  a fourth pump broke down and control of the reactor was lost ; 10 fuel elements were damaged . 
  the german public does n't want the risk , sure it is a pretty small risk , but if something happens then we are really fucked ( germany is still relatively small and really densly populated ) . 
  also , the odds for something happening with the waste or the plant right now is really really freaking low , but if you consider that we have to keep the waste for a couple of thousands of years soo the overall chance of some fuck up is n't that low . 
  also nuclear plants are really really expensive , thats why energy companies do n't really build them , it takes a long time of them working for them to pay for themselfs ... 
  actually germanys emissions are lower than what they used to be , in europe we are one of the leading countries in that regard , ofcourse it would be even faster if we went just more nuclear ( or did n't shut the ones we have down , eventhough there were some really old ones in there that were n't really safe to use and would have been shut down anyways ) . 
  however after fukushima aswell as a few problems within germany we decided to take the power plants off the grid , faster than originally plant ... 
  however we are still greener than we used to be , even with less nuclear , 
  but it was n't schr\u00f6der who decided to close the nuclear power plants sooner than the original plan said ... 
  i know quite a few scots who do n't have a problem beeing called british , however whenever i mix things up and try to call them english they get really angry at me , its a lot of fun teasing them :d, 
  they are german ? 
  i mean i kno they are really right wing , buuut i did n't know they were german ... also i know everyone gives us shit of the austerity thing , however the german public would n't have allowed to just throw money at the problem without a chance to get it back ... 
  well in tourism you kind of still say f\u00fchrer , otherwise you work around it with like combinations words that have f\u00fchrer in them or use of english words or something else , there is no one single word that replaced it overall , it always depends ... 
  we are afraid of our past and what we could do again , we are taught that we are not fit to be leaders or have any kind of military world power ... also we do n't like nuclear in general because of the risk , there have been failures to deal with waste and even some small shit ( that could have gone really bad ) happened in the atomic power plants , so germany wants to go green instead of nuclear !, 
  we actually had multiple proposal to get them out of our country , like the german public does n't even want other people to get their hands dirty here , they do n't want anything to do with nuclear warheads ... 
  because we germans were always beeing told that we ca n't lead and ca n't have to much of a military influence in like the last 69 years , now it is ingrained in our culture , hell even the word for leader ( f\u00fchrer ) is unusable for us ... germans are constantly reminded of how horrible they are , in 9th class my clas did go to a concentration camp , we saw the beds we saw horrednus pictures , you could still feel the stench of death over it , we walked into a gas chamber looked at how they killed those people , look at picture of the mass graves or little children dead , looked at the oven ( the one i was to had only one small oven they mostly burried corpses instead of burning them , it also only had one small gas chamber , most poeple in that one worked to death because of hard labor and malnutrition ) where they burned people . 
  we germans are taught to be afraid of what we could do , the general public therefor does n't want us to lead ... 
  it is in our modern culture ... 
  yea our history kind of denys that , i personally would want germany to go a bit closer to the 2 % tbh ... 
  but i do n't want us to be military leaders , i 'd like it if we take a similiar approach like the usa in the beginning of ww2 ( just looking at the european theatre not pacific ) , support with money and weapons from a strong ecnomy and have small elite forces do some precise interventions ( because the usa did that actually , they were hunting u-boats etc. 
  but hid that from the public so that they would n't get angry ) , i think that is a feasable approach for germany . 
  a lot of people are complaining that germany is not a military leader , but i also remember a lot of people saying they were kinda afraid of germany if it steps up , like i had several non german friends saying they were kind of intimidated with masses of germans cheering for the world cup etc. 
  people are still afraid of germany , there are basically landmines no matter which direction you go :d, 
  poland is part of the eu tho right ? 
  we poland was the biggest receiver of eu money in 2011 ( idk the official english term for that tax ) . 
  you do not have to be part of the eurozone to have to pay this tax or to receive money ( i mean gb is n't part of it either last time i checked ) you have to be part of the eu . 
  in 2011 poland got 11 billion euros for infrastructure etc. 
  by the eu , ofcourse i 'm not saying the previous governments do n't build anything or that its not polands people doing the work , however they are getting quite a bit of money for it from the eu , as it should be because that is what the eu is about . 
  i did not try to insult you or your country i was just pointing out that people always say that germany does only benefit from the eu and does n't do anything for it , this was one example to show that they do , and that infact other countries also benefit from the eu :d, 
  i hear ya it can be quite hard ( again sorry for stupid puns ) sometimes , but then again 16 as the average is n't that bad , no ? 
  on the plus side , thanks to those immigrants you now have the largest dicks in europe : http://alphadesigner.com/blog/europe-according-penis-size/ !, 
  ^ sorry ^ for ^ a ^ stupid ^ joke ^ < 3, 
  the 9 billion is just what we pay under eu law , we actually send a lot of money to problem zones , its usually in stuff like food or other foreign aid and only sometimes soldiers , sometimes its weapons like in israel tho ... 
  the 9 billion euros were just to show that its not like only germany benefits of the euro , if you look for example at west poland , i would say they have improved immensly , thanks in part to all the money that gets send there for improvement of infrastructure etc. 
  also , overall federal spending in germany ( and i do note that we overall had a deficit that year ) was 310 billion , so it was about 3 % of the spending of our federal government that year , soo it actually quite a bit if you think about it . 
  most countries are under the 2 % , again there was no giant threat to the western world as there used to be with the udssr which the nato was kinda build to oppose , also again reunification was really really expensive , it was an increase in 2/5 of the landmass , and those 2/5 were not competitiv on an international level and economically in trouble , we invested a lot in companys and infrastructure to make east germany competitiv ( and up to this day the wages in east germany are still lower than in west germany ) . 
  germany does n't have more seats because thats how a federal system works , the most populated parts are always underrepresented ( maybe not as much as with germany but generally they are atleast a bit ) , also when you look at how people in countries are reacting to germany right now , imagine how they would react if we had about 30 % more votes within the eu ? 
  the eu was made to integrate germany into europe and to make it impossible for germany , hell every other nation to gain too much influence and be able to start a war again , so why would you then give germany too much influence ? 
  also back then people were even more afraid of germany . 
  it personally is no problem for me , there is still a lot of things i can be proud of , i just realize reality and see that there have been a lot of mistakes made in the past that we should n't do again and should also never forget so that they can never happen again . 
  overly nationalistic/patriotic stuff in general is stuff i do n't really like , nationalism is creating the feeling of belonging , the feeling of an us by creating a them , we distance us from them so we feel closer together and look down on them that can lead to some really bad things . 
  the example for that would be the german-french relationships in the early 19th century ( including the common views that people from one country had about people from another country ) , that lead to some really ugly things , or look at basically every european country during the 19th century , it good really really extreme at the end . 
  and yes at that time germany was n't a nation , but they were still nationalistic , there it was a cultural nationalism , compared to that the french which had something called civic nationalism ( stemming from the french revolution , they were all part of one nation which is where their nationalism came from , the german one stems from the same language and the same culture , since they had no state ) , i hope i use the right words , i kinda translated the german words we have for it to english as good as possible . 
  so yea , i do n't mind that part , you can be proud of germany but you always have to deal with facts and what happened etc. 
  which in my opinion is somehting other nations should do too ... 
  i kind of want to see what happens if we infuse some german into the frenchies , or even more german into the british , its funny to think how that would turn out ( if we talk about how stereotypes interact and combine ofcourse , not actually how it would turn out ) . 
  i have heard the poles talking about how germany is trying to lead europe too much ( eventhough we actually are n't our population just did n't want to just throw money at southern states without any guarantee to get it back , and honestly there was no big chance of getting that money ever back , private investor had even less reason to invest money there , thats one of the reasons germany wanted the reform to make sure people can get their money back and therefor loan their money ) . 
  other nations , and especially populations have also constantly complained that germany is leading too much , and not in a : oh you yourself dont spend enough money on your military why do you lead kinda way !, 
  no it was more like : the germans are trying to take us all over again , kinda way ... after this world cup i have heard from friends in other countries that they felt uneasy ( some even threatened ) by the site of thousands of germans standing in a giant square chanting and cheering . 
  our history haunts us , germans feel that we should n't lead in any way , it is deeply ingrained in our current culture . 
  imagine , ever since you were a young child you are beeing told about the atrocities and how germany should never be in a leading positiong , heck even our word for leader ( f\u00fchrer ) is fucked up , until recently germany was never supposed to actually lead . 
  also i would n't say that germany only cares about itself , its more of a does n't try to harm itself . 
  for example as part of the eu germany pays the most money to support smaller states ( figures in milliarden $ , which is billion in english not million http://www.kinderleicht.brandenburg.de/media_fast/lbm1.a.3726.de/file/geber-nehmerl%c3%a4nder.jpg ) the countries on top are the countries giving money , the countries down below are countries receiving money , this has been in place for longer than the econmoical crisis btw . 
  also germany paid the most during the economical crisis , if germany only acted in its self interest it would have paid less actually , not no money ofcourse that would have been stupid , but it is good for germany to keep the other economies barely working , so they can pay but not really produce/compete . 
  also we still pay israel a lot of money , and still support them a lot , eventhough there have been concerns about a few actions of them , you ca n't say ohh thats good because of your history you should do that , and then say but when it comes to other stuff you should forget about your history you idiots . 
  but as i said germany does n't want ot harm itself , examples for that would be the reforms to the south , not just trying to throw money into a corrupt system where it will have little effects ... or russia , if we get to even worse conditions with them we might loose our natural gas whihc is still kinda really important in germany ( we are working on it ) but thats not only us , finnland iirc uses nearly 100 % gas for heating , if they do n't get their gas from russia they freeze to death . 
  also 2 things i wanted to clear up : germany is n't actually the true big leader in the eu , we are the most underrepresented country ( not saying thats a bad thing thats how these things work , but its a fact ) we got as many people there as france , and we have like 20 million bigger population , we can easily be overturned when it comes to policies and voting . 
  also , during the cold war we were at the 2 % , after that we had unification to deal with ( which i do n't think any other country in the eu could have done as good as us ) , and there was no giant threat at the time so we tried to spend that money in better , smarter places helping our brothers recover from communism . 
  if the current situation stays the same ( which i think it probably will , eventhough in winter russian people might have a food problem and its unsure how they will react to the sanctions ) , there is a good possibility for germany to get a bigger military . 
  it is just that merkel treads really carefully ( which i quite like , you can really see the physicist in her , looking at everything , analyzing all the different options and then after some time coming to a desicive conclusion instead of impulsive emotional overreactions , its something i really like about her eventhough ill never vote for her party ) , but i think thats overall good , for germany there are basically landmines everywhere so better be slow and carefull and do it right , i do n't think we handled the situation up till now poorly at all , there is not much different that we should have done !, 
  yes , a lot of international politics , heck even politics inside countries , is about symbolism !, 
  is bond bavaria then ? 
  because we just got rid of university prices d : bavarian bond would be one of the weirdest things ever tho lol, 
  i am not ashamed of beeing german , i just know my peoples history and try to not make the same errors again . 
  i never post in r/de ... actually , i never go to many subreddits at all lol then again i 'm also not of the same opinion as those lying germans trying to qualify beeing german with genetics lol i do however think that there is a discussion to be needed , i think germany has not done the best job in integrating immigrants which has lead to some trouble , which is sad :(, 
  i have blue eyes , and i used to be blond as fuck , now i have brown hair , i dont feel accepted in this country anymore :( good thing that here in bavaria most people do n't even have blue eyes , i still can feel superior to them , then again then bavarians are the least german , together with you austrians , since the bajuwaren came here as immigrants a couple thousand years are ago and were not part of the original germanen , and im still 90 % prussian !, 
  i thought we germans learned too strong of a nationalism can be a bad thing o_o also there are gemrans that are worse with knowing anything about our culture than a few germans i know , also tbh . 
  german culture is quite weak compared to a lot of different countries , like how do you really define german culture today , its gotten a less weaker because of the effects of ww2 on us as a people !, 
  i consider everyon who has lived her for a couple of years , that is well integrated ( knows the language pretty good , knows germanys history and has some understanding of our culture and the cultural norms etc. ), 
  and follow our laws and rules as much a german as you can get . 
  one of my best friends mom came here from poland , she might have some gramatical errors in a 20 minute conversation ( then again a lot of germans have a lot of grammar errors ) , but to me she is german , if you leave her pronounciation of a few words behind , there is no way you could tell the difference . 
  my gf came to germany from the phillippines when she was 2 , was raised bilingual , hell she is german as fuck . 
  now do n't get me wrong , if those guys do actually break a law ( till now the particular group might have , but there is no clear evidence and that newspaper is not that trustworthy ) then they should be punished according to german law !, 
  also we should consider immigration reforms , and try to do a better job of integration , seriously , we like most western countries have done a piss-poor job of integrating immigrants into our society !, 
  a lot of immigrants i kno are everything else than lazy cunts ... now there is one turkish kid i remember constantly beeing drunk and beeing aggressiv , but i also remember 2 turkish girls beeing amongst the hardest workers at the entire school i used to go to . 
  and then there are ofcourse other immigrants ( not turkish since the area i live in actually does n't have as many turks as other areas but mainly russian-germans ) , most of which i found to be hard working . 
  if i compare some of them to some of my friends their same age ... then yea we were just a much out drinking instead of doing something else , and i also remember quite a few fights ... 
  france is scared of evil sounding words < 3, 
  actually , if you look at her career and what she has done ( and i would argue the actions she is doing right now ) , merkel is not waiting only so that the shitstorm is over and so that noone can blame her . 
  if you look at the two leaders we had b4 merkel , they were both full of action and big words and they were charismatic in a way , they had their own goals and they pushed them . 
  however if you look at merkels entire carrier , she mostly does problem solving instead of springing to action , friends of hers have said , she would go through every possible thing she could do , and try to to live a day as if that was the desicion she had chooses , also beeing the physicist that she is , she would get as much data on the subject as possible . 
  that leads to slower , more deliberate actions , but the absence of impulsive fast actions can make her seem emotionless and can give you the impression that she is just waiting things out , eventhough she is taken desicive action , just slower and after long consideration . 
  she has no realy agenda , she just looks at everything and decides what she thinks is the best , she is even able to do a 180 \u00b0 if new circumstances suggest that another action is superior . 
  i actually kinda like that style tbh . 
  now i just want to stress that i do n't aggree with all the actions she has taken , just that general style of politics is very intriguing to me . 
  i personally do n't like quite a few things she and her party has done , i would never vote for the ( i live in bavaria so this is the equivalent basically ) csu , however i think its far too easy to just paint her in a negative way !,
