but percentage-wise to your economy you were paying less ( and if you want to talk about amounts , and not percentage wise to your economy , you still pay less than germany and france ) , it was aggreed upon to check how much each country actually contributed compared to their economy since 2002 , and it was revealed that britain paid less ... 
  i do n't understand why you are so offended by this tbh ... 
  please explain your mindset , 
  what should they have done ? 
  not pay for a bill they are required to pay for because of terms they aggreed upon ? 
  from most stuff i heard , it was close to a 50/50 split , and that is enough that it can go really bad : /, 
  also fueled a lot of nationalism and wars . 
  like ww2 i.e. , the germans were angry for at the allies for ehat they felt to be horrible actions against their people , way too much blame on them and way unfair dehrading actions out of old hatred . 
  ( mostly the french ) . 
  they also felled betrayed by their politicians that signed the treaty of versailles , and were starving on the streets just a short time ago thanks to an econimic crisis . 
  that and more lead to the 3 . 
  you certainly do see similarities betweem this and the russian situation . 
  so yes it could start revolutions etc. 
  but if putin knows how to handle this ( which right now he seems to be good at controlling ) , then it could go down a different , horrible path , im not necessarily saying anything like ww3 , but atleast more fanatic support for putin and anymosity against the west !, 
  lol i was trying to make a joke , do n't get insulted by beeing a canyon shitter < 3, 
  i hope u forgive my ignorance but i always get confused what exactly is what , could u please explain ? 
  that is so ignorant . 
  nazi germany was caused by a lot of factors , one of the most important ones was the treatment of germany after ww1 ( treaty of versaille , beeing the one guilty party etc. ), 
  eventhough ww1 was caused thanks to nationalism in europe , and it was as much britains fault as it was germanys ( ive heard people say britain was even more at fault because of deliberately creating the climate/situation that lend itself sooo eady to ww1 ) , the germany fighting there wasnt nazi germany and the british werent fighting for freedom or anything like in ww2 , no it was a tragedy and it was horrible and had no reason to exist . 
  other reasons include but are not linited to , the economic crisis in which germany was one of the countries hit the hardest . 
  a democracy that was too democratic right after a monarchy/kaiserreich , in which 3/7 big parties said they didnt like democracy and would love to get rid of it , one said it really hated foreigners and jews , but they were able to exist because the founders thought democracy was sooo great noone would ever vote for someone hatibg democracy ( which they then did in economic crisis ) . 
  an error in the constitution that could be abused by the chancellor to stay in power and basically force the politicians to vote for his stuff or not vote at all . 
  waay too much power for the president , who then died and hitler said : ohhh ill do that job too and get his power . 
  and the idea by the ruling anti democracy/super conservative party to get the nazis ( who had like 26 % of the votes and were falling due to economic recovery ) as their street fighter gang . 
  ( lots of political street fights/wars in weimar the main city , with communists and nazis beeing the best at it , their fighting force was called ss at the time ) , to deal with communists and democrats , and since they were the okd elites , nobles and generals , they didnt want to engage in these fights with the plebs , and thought they just manipulate the stupid nazis into fighting for them by making hitler chancellor ( back then way less powerfull than the president ) . 
  that worked until their leader ( the president back then ) died and hitler just took that role upon himself aswell , then full on nazi happened with annexibg stuff trying trying now not only to get jews to move away but also send them to concentration camps . 
  btw during all the time germany demanded more and more stuff , the world leaders just gave it to them . 
  so yea saying germans started ww2 just because they didnt get what they wanted is really really stupid . 
  does arent from the eu tho , atleast most of them are not , why ? 
  because there is an eu law that if u move to a different country and dont have work there within three months , they throw u out . 
  so the eu immigration doesnt seem to be a problem which is why i dont understand why they are angry at the eu for that . 
  and they can limit immigration from outside the eu themselfs , if that actually is a problem ( i dont live there so idk ) , then its their governments fault and blaming it on the eu is just silly . 
  he was austrian while beethoven was german !!!, 
  those evil canyon-shitters ( thats an actual term some people here use when talking lovingly about our southern neighbours ) have tricked everyone into thinking the opposite is true :0, 
  fines there are articles for when members break treaties and laws . 
  you get fined , if you ca n't vote while still having to implement everything , you can buy your vote back by paying massive fines , if you do n't implement rules then you can get thrown out . 
  i love that book , beautiful german comedy and humor while showing stuff that is weird/wrong with our society nowadays :d, 
  id assume that people do n't identify with the state of mississippi as much as with a whole independant country like spain . 
  you are all americans , no matter where in that giant country you live , but those people are spaniards and it takes a lot more to get them to move somewhere else . 
  also there are a lot of different languages in the eu , not everything in english . 
  atleast those are some of the bigger reasons i would say why there is not as much immigration :d, 
  they do n't have to live close to you and hear you complaining day in and day out :d / s, 
  by butt is soooo clenched right now :0, 
  one depicts him as jesus , the savior of humans ... also protector of ukraine , seem like hope and trust in him too ? 
  are n't most of the eu members ( i know germany is ) pushing for energy independence , like trying to get gas etc. 
  elsewhere and setting up more energy trading ( i heard in german media that apparently we want a power grid with the newest technology running in northern europe and germany ) etc. 
  i suppose further sanction will be possible in some time , but sadly we ca n't right now , while countries like germany can withstand no russian gas for like 5-6 months . 
  there are a lot of smaller countries that have like 90 % of their energy ( note energy not electricity ) production from gas , there would be absolute chaos and riots if something happens with that ... 
  that however is how the internet and reddit works , you are either for something or against it , no other way to view things . 
  like on some other subreddits , when you state , that maybe terrorism is n't the biggest threat to this world , and that in germany passive smoking kills more people than terrorism ( according to some studies by the government it kills about 9000 per year , again passive not active smoking ) , and that maybe people are going a bit overboard with everything right now . 
  you get downvoted ( not so bad ) and then get harrassed to the point of death threads lol because apparently saying that means you are pro terrorism . 
  at the same time in the same subreddit can , if the circlejerk goes in the other direction thanks to the current topic or mood or whatever , do the same to you for pointing out that while terrorism is n't the biggest thread to everyone in the world , isis kills a lot of people , and the west kind of did do some actions that might have had some impact in their creation , like us financing jihad against russian ( or the germans doing the same thing during ww2 just against french and british iirc ) , or creating a power vacuum that has allowed these groups to rise to power , or beeing instrumental in the death of the only democratically elected secular leader that region had , because he wanted to privatize oil . 
  and that the west also always puts itself on the moral high ground and then should try to enforce those standards it sets . 
  but overall i think this subreddit is still way better about it than many others sooooo we have that going for us , yaaaaaaay us :d, 
  for the franco-german one , we needed to have several wars and hatreds for decades , ending with the two biggest in the history , one of them destroying and killing a lot of frenchmen/french land and people dying such horrile deaths like thanks to chemical weapons etc. 
  in the second war , germany got completely anihilated , most major cities completely in ruin , civilians dying by the thousands , people starving on the streets just sitting there with empty eyes and empty hands . 
  and only after that , we finally thought to ourselfs , hey killing eachother might not be the best thing to do all the time . 
  so yea , that will take quite a bit more time : /, 
  well the us justice system is more about punishment while the german ( and i think that is the same for most european countries ) justice system is more about setting those guys straight and then let them out as a new person working for society ... 
  i like our system better , but those are two cultures , i also think thta people in the us believe it will be a bigger deterrent eventhough i think there have been studies disproving that ... 
  the ukrainian government . 
  the sad thing about all of this is , that both factions have huge problems and can be described as horrible and inhumane , but doing nothing also does n't help ... 
  so which side do we pick ? 
  well the one that is a bit less horrible and also tries to kiss our asses is the reason , the side that aggreed to our western companies coming into their country making loads of money ... 
  but tbh . 
  i do n't know what to do , we ca n't help the the pro russian guys , those are inhumane and like russia , i do n't think helping the pro eu guys sounds sooo cool either , they like us but also behave like shit , and doing nothing can have horrible consequences aswell ... 
  lol sorry , i was in a train and bored , sooooooo i just wrote waaay too long stuff because , well i had nothing better to do . 
  well they are not right wing ( like the extremist parties in greece and france for example ) , we have the afd and the bayern party ( ofcourse npd ) for that . 
  however they are quite right , i think the reason that more extrem right wing parties have n't gotten as many votes is that the csu basically sucks them up , why vote for your small little party , when you can vote for that giant beast that is the csu , that aggrees with many of your opinions , not all of them , and their actions based on those opinions may not be as harsh as you might have liked , but atleast they are in a position to do anything . 
  i suppose that is a good thing about the csu , it keeps the right wing guys away from their own parties , they wo n't be heard as loud within the csu since there are soo many members in there . 
  however , it is also a thing i vehemently dislike about them , not only do they jst move however far to the right they see fit on different issues , thinking how they can suck up most of them while not getting their original members too scared ... 
  i really dislike that , the cdu atleast has their own , cippled and beaten values , but they are still there , they might be wrong but they have stuff , i do n't get that feeling with the csu ... 
  i think i would generally aggree with you , however i dont think it is as low as you might imagine , it is just really looked down upon to be loud and openly patriotic / nationalistic . 
  nowadays we just use our germaness to do that . 
  how ? 
  well as you might now , we germans dont accept stuff as perfect , everything has faults that should be looked at and improved upon , we do that even with ourselfs and germany a lot ( eventhough tbh . 
  i feel like that sadly has gone down quite a bit in the last few years :( ) , you can even see that in our cultural history , im talking about stories for example , not the fairy tales ofcthe brothers grimm , like snowwhite etc. 
  those are german too but im talking about deutsche heldensagen ( legends ) . 
  the heroes and protagonists are always imperfect , as a brief example , there is siegfried , who bathednin the blood of a dragon and becomes invincible , however a leaf was on his back snd the blood didnt touch his skin there , this later on results in him getting killed . 
  a perfect , invincible thing/hero is something really un-german superior to normal beeings , yes , but not invincible !, 
  that for example is thecreason many germans like to critizise especially america , who culturally see themselfs more like chosen people with divine guidance , special , maybe even perfect , and since it goes against german nature , we cant really stand that . 
  soo how are we using that ? 
  well we are patriotic by pointing out what u do wrong , i do believe that everything should be able to be critizised , however i also think many germans when critizising think to themselfs , if it was run by us germans it wouldnt be that way , it would be better !!, 
  we just dont say it as loud xd tl ; dr : eventhough we might be least patriotic , we are still more patriotic than u think , just not showing it s openly . 
  germany ( bavaria ) : you are tipping like 10 % usually , unless u didnt like something , then you dont , it is not as important as in hhe us , but still you usually fo it . 
  i assume its the same in northern germany , tho i can remember 100 % what it was like last time i was up there . 
  yea csu is defenitely too right for me , but i guess thats what u have to do here in bavaria ( im from bavaria so im allowed to com plain lol ) bavaria has always been a bit special , they jumped into bed with napoleon to get more power , and on several occasions they voted against the rest of germany ( after going around asking and seeing if the vote will go the correct way even without their support ) just to show how special and different they are . 
  most people my age here are really cool , but there is also a lot of really conservative , even right wingish stuff here ( nazi party for example was always most successfull here , also its the most catholic place ) . 
  up until recently , the csu was basically the only party here , the other parties existed but the csu won every election by a landslide , getting more than 50 % of the voted and therefor beeing able to be the one ruling party without any coalition . 
  only recently they have lost quite a few votes , and it seems like they moved even more to the right , to not loose even more votes to parties like the afd ( alternative option for germany ) , those are kinda far right nutjobs , opposed to the eu ( which ofc . 
  is not inherently bad ) and opposed to foreigners and immigration , cuz apparently they are at fault for everything , many of their high members are neo nazis voting for the npd b4 . 
  to not loose more people to parties like this , the csu moved even further right saying some racist and hatefull stuff even ... sooooo yea , fuck those guys !, 
  ehhh the big energy companies have had a history of fucking up with nuclear waste and nuclear energy in general in germany , so i do n't think it is bad to shut them down . 
  i actually am quite in favor of the original plans , however after fukushima , the process was sped along , making coal more important , with the original plan it would have been easier to compensate the slower loss of energy production with renewables . 
  for me personally it is not worth it if i have to get some debts for it . 
  i am currently going to one of germanys top 3 universitys , and will probably go to a different one for my master , if my grades are good enough that is ( i want to go to the other one for a special course ) , seeing as how i want to study theoretical physics i do n't really mind to go to the german university , they have some of the best and brightest there . 
  like one of the leading scientists for string theory , just as an example ... 
  i honestly think that atleast the two top 3 german universities i know about are pretty reasonably top20 world wide , not as good as oxford , cambridge harvard or mit mind you , but top 20 yea ( if you want i can explain to you why i disaggree with that statistic you can look up ) . 
  so yea , going to the uk would n't be cause its a way better place to study than the universities im at right now , cuz it is not , no it is because i want to polish up my english some more and so i have the experience of living in a different country . 
  however i am not willing to get debt for it , the value is n't big enough for me , maybe that is because i am german and therefor like to save money , but thats just the way i think .
