  like an example : i was doing drivers license ( doing it late ) , and one kid , when we talked about how the roadsigns are gon na be changed , said something along the lines of : `` we should send our old ones down to greece , they have none because those lazy fucks probably do n't even know what a street sign is , or would put in the effort to make them . '', 
  and then he and 3 other dudes got into an arguement with the driving teacher that tried to moderate them ... and that was one of the more tame examples actually lol, 
   i think most germans realize the necessity of this . 
  i do n't think so , during the greece crisis i heard some of the most vile shit agaisnt another eu country ... 
  a lot of our higher growth comes from more german demand which is partly due to the refuggees now needing shit . 
  idk , tbh while i ofcourse think the nazis were disgusting and all that , i too quite often say `` we '' especially when joking , like `` we might not have won the war , but we were the victor of hearts ! '' . 
  infact i think it is better to say we , to say `` them , those , not us '' etc. 
  seems to deny that they were german , a very significant part of all germans infact , pushing it away instead of confronting the issue that my greatgrandpa ( thankfully not my grandpa since i like that guy ) was actively rooting for hitler to get elected , seems like the wrong thing to do . 
  it makes it seem so distant , almost like `` ohh it ca n't happen here , we are not like those monsters '' , when infact we too are humans , and retarded, 
  the federal republic is the successor state to the weimarrepublic/third reich iirc . 
  so it is appropriate i 'd say, 
  wo n't happen , she is a conservative and does n't aggree with frances vision of the eu i do n't think ... 
  if one person kills your entire town of 200 people , but the other person kills 15 people of your town and then makes the rest his servants with the option that your town once again may retain its freedome once the evil fucker grows old and weak , then yes for the overall future of the town one option is clearly superior, 
  what ? 
  thats not true , if the nazis had won none of the polish posters here would have lived , as the plans were for the total annihilation of slavic subhumans . 
  the soviet were dogshit , and stalin was extremely evil , but to just pretend that the nazis winning would have led to pretty much the same outcome is ridiculous, 
  while you say that , and i aggree , that does n't matter that in the european theatre ( again not saying the entire war ) they were still the most important player , the war was basically lost when the nazis failed to make big enough gains in 42 and overstretched their supply lines , from that point on it was only a matter of time . 
  and while things might have gone differently , especially without all the industry bought by the ussr from us etc. 
  they still did most of the heavy lifting . 
  god those movies sucked , thank god the new 3d one was actually really freaking good despite how worried i was for it . 
  it captured the spirit of the comics better than probably any of the other movies did before, 
  the problem is that the ranking values papers published too much . 
  since in the german system atleast , the university professors will often publish for one of the big institutes and not the university itself , while teaching at the university and getting funding and money from both . 
  this also applies to french universities . 
  american professors publish for their universities , and therefor if you value papers published at universities , the german and french ones will underperform . 
  tho i still would n't argue that top german universities would eclypse or be totally equal without it , atleast they would be more represented , for physics e.g. 
  the two munich universities defenitely should be in the top 20 , they might not be the best of the world but , better than a lot of those rankings suggest . 
  everything you dislike is communism , huh ? 
  actually on a lot of stuff , especially economically macron is standing against merkel/sch \u00e4uble . 
  which i really appreciate about him , because i do n't think the current austerity course is that great, 
  the night of the long knifes killed the leftist faction , or rather the rest of it , most of it already left since hitler was very much so against socialism , to the point that he even decried socialism/communism as a jewish plot to weaken the german people , in 1926 at the party conference, 
  you stood up to dubya while everyone else was too scared to think , hey we stood up to him to , no fair , forgetting us :(, 
  i was referencing the fact that a former polish government ( pis ) , got super assblasted when a german satire magazine called them potatoes lol, 
  i still think this building looks absolutely fantastique !, 
  do n't let the poles hear you say that lol, 
  sometimes they do , 1992 in rostock the police was completely out of control and people could 've died without antifa stepping in, 
  the afd has already stated to only want to govern if they get 50 % ... so yea lol, 
  100 % aggreed , the constant grand coalitions are one of the reasons why political stuff in austria has degraded so much , we do n't need that here . 
  varoufakis was sch\u00e4uble , she gave him full responsiblity etc. 
  with everything in regards to the greece crisis iirc . 
  no , but once they are in the eu they are in the eu , op was talking about peopel that reach the eu, 
  i aggree we should 've funded them better , but still its not the fault of the people to get away from a situation where they are starving, 
  i am only talking about actual refuggees here , the ones that get accepted , usually the ones going from germany to sweden are people that do n't get accepted , so people that should be deported ... 
   no one goes to libya to stay there . 
  then why does it , by itself have a bigger refuggee population that the eu ? 
  and then why did the big influx of refuggees from syria only start when the refuggee camps in the surrounding countries started running out of funds ? 
   sounds like turkey is at least doing what they can to look out for the future of their own nation in this regard . 
  sure but it still then makes it not a safe place to stay for refuggees if they can be dump into the next warzone any minute because turkey does n't recognize the refuggee conventions, 
   if people starve in libya it is their fault for going there in the first place in an attempt to invade europe . 
  so if people in syria try to stay in the countries next to it , and starve there because of underfunded refuggee camps , its their own fault for trying to invade europe by staying in these countries ? 
  how does that even start to make sense ? 
   turkey is safe by any reasonable metric . 
  turkey does n't recognise asylum laws and has said if the countries they are coming from do not achieve in the near future they will just dump everyone onto another country ... 
  again , none of the countries en route to the eu are considered safe third countries . 
  and no , if you are facing starvation that is not `` tough titties '' that is a reason to leave . 
  the agenda 2010 and a lot of its labour reforms might have been something that needed to be done , the lowering of taxes coupled with slashing welfare however is what i feel is the big problem, 
  germany is actually astonishingly abysmal for everything having to do with computers when it comes to pay , like you earn less here than in the us in every job , but everything in it etc. 
  is just so much worse for whatever reason ... 
  which is why germany stopped doing it , since greece was about to collapse with hungrary and italy probably following soon thereafter ... 
  turkey and libya both are not considered safe third countries by the eu . 
  libya etc. 
  already host more refuggees than the eu , and thanks to lack of international investment by the international community , these refuggee camps have been extremely low on money for years now , not enough to buy enough food or water for the population , which originally led to so many people leavin and trying their luck in europe . 
  if i literally do n't get enough to eat in a supposed `` safe place '' and face starvation , sure as hell i 'll leave, 
  and with democracy we mean , let corruption spread , and let horrible leaders stay in place aslong as they are western friendly , because those people are too stupid to do anything for themself !, 
  the fucking disaster that was the us supporting the government of iraq , after they were clearly fucked up the democratic process of the country and terrorised its people is just shamefull ... 
  the only country to use article 5 of nato against an unclear enemy , with unclear win conditions , and unclear mode of operation , while complaining that everyone else is freeloading, 
  attacking our radio stations again , are they ? 
   it seems a lot of germany has pigeon holes themselves with guilt over the crimes of the government of their forefathers forefathers . 
  two things , `` crimes of the government of their forefathers '' makes it sound like it was basically only the government and the population or soldiers were not hugely involved in war crimes and supportive of this bullshit , which is just flat out wrong . 
  secondly , its not guilt that i do n't want my country to turn into an aggressive shithole ... 
  thats retarded , heck i actually wanted m\u00e9lenchon in the second round or even further , but not even i am stupid enough to fall for this . 
  its the same retarded hope the left had when the nazis got into power , accelerationism just ends up fucking everyone up , its not a bet worth taking, 
  i think that might be thanks to the dictatorship in spain , that people do n't fall for the far right as easily , since they are still weary . 
   germany while we are doing better in some areas ( quality of life index , unemployment etc. 
  ) , we are also doing worse in some statistics , for example , despite our much lower unemployment germany has a higher percentage of its population living in poverty !, 
   which is exactly what germany does . 
  yet they are criticized for it by people who are in the '' spend during crisis , spend during growth '' boat . 
  that is because germany is part of the eurozone , and the eurozone as a whole had stagnated until recently , investment in germany could have helped to relieve that stress earlier . 
  if you look at germany on its own , then yes keynes says : now pay off your debts . 
  but if you look at germany as part of the eurozone ( and seeing how closely connected all these economies are i really do think that is the way we should be looking at it ) , then keynes says : spend money to get growth !, 
  actually by far the most suing in those courts happens from eu companies not na companies , like 80 % of it eu companies ... 
  farrage the barrage is on his way to trump to ruin this ... 
  got her aswell , but i am faaaar more left leaning , tbh . 
  there were a few where i did n't really like any answer ... 
  oh shit , and now i 'm already hyped , thank you for your service o7 o7 o7 i think the good thing about makinig it a regular thing would be order , knowing that every second saturday will be some cultural exchange thread really helps with not missing them !, 
  can we try to do weekly or bi-weekly cultural exchange threads going with non-eu countries subs ? 
  like / r/de had for a while , i really really liked those , and this would be the biggest thing i want to happen on here !, 
  if they work below union wages in germany thats actually a big problem , i know unions are not a thing in the us , but here despite the efforts of the conservative government they still very much have influence , especially a big one like ig metal, 
   the germans did n't start world war i. germany and austria were the two biggest reasons for ww1 tho , followed by russia , that does n't make the british empire or france any better ( they were still partly responsible ) , they just had interests in different parts of the world, 
   and both seem to hate germany equally with a passion . 
  i do n't think he hates germany , but rather hates german policy , which i would completely aggree with him with , sch\u00e4uble is a reason ( imo ) why the eu is in such trouble, 
  did n't we used to have something similiar in germany aswell ? 
   so if your main concern is eu integrity ... < shrug  . 
  that is a main concern of mine , however i do think that without reforms a lepen victory next time will be much more likely , that is why i hope that m\u00e9lenchon can get alteast some of his stuff through ( and hopefully does n't leave ? 
  lol ), 
  hoping for m\u00e9lenchon vs macron second round , which ( hopefully ) would result in both of them moving a tiny bit closer to each other , to get voters from the camp that is not already safe to vote for them !, 
  there are a lot of things i really like about m\u00e9lenchon but also a bunch i hate , and i also think a macron thats a bit more leftist would n't hurt !, 
  the brits and the french both have nukes, 
  also the us is the only country to enact article 5 so far , so a lot of europeans see it as a burden on us in that the us has the chance to drag us into the next country they want to invade again . 
  my personal hero !,
