  to germans back then that was basically england ... heck to a lot of germans today scotland is `` part of england '' because they do n't know any better, 
  its also different with context , iirc . 
  derrida defines deconstruction slightly different than normal e.g. 
  really ? 
  i thought it would be saxony tbh, 
  from my experience germans have a slithyl patronizing view of everyone and everything , including themselfs and ... well just everything lol, 
  i would say that we atleast need to get the erbschaftssteuer to work again since its effectively non-existant which is rather bullshit , i also think we should invest a lot more money , but i heard sch\u00e4uble gets a heartattack whenever you write that somewhere and i do n't want to be responsible for killing someone in a wheelchair, 
  oh god just thinking about the next elections here makes me nervous ... 
  actually germany ( while never saying the negotiations are off the table ) , was never supportive of them joining , they were always pushing for turkey to do a lot more reforms before that , but did n't want to just deny the possibility if everything goes well , also wanted to use it as a political tool , as bait to hang infront of turkeys face . 
  iirc the country actually most supportive of turkeys bit to join was the uk ( atleast of the big players ), 
  he is mostly either a troll or a very nationalistc idiot , people tried to argue with him on ask europe for like 3 threads where he made the most ridiculous claims about how all of europe hates them but how they are sooooo superior and we germans are all nazis , i gave up now i just write shit like this to make him intentionally angry , 
  yes and treating them as the soviets would , means that our society has the moral standards of the soviets, 
  you forget how little of it is inhabited ( atleast to any extend that it is worth defending ), 
   they would gang on her and rape her to death maybe , do you want this to happen to your women ? 
  but i also would n't want it to happen to a man , torture is a thing and is horrible no matter what form it takes ... 
  they will be drafted based on ability so your first point is kinda really bad , if the woman ca n't handle the weapons as good as the requirement for them ( and for men ) is then they wo n't get drafted so you do n't have a problem with physical ability, 
  was n't the guilder pegged to the deutschmark ? 
  so whats the big difference ? 
  ohh its you who ranted on ask europe for a long time , hello there person from a third world country :d, 
  italy can bail out their banks after the shareholders take a big hit , germany will probably do that with db , the problem for italy is that a lot of the shareholders are old people and their retirement money ( they were kinda lied to by the banks ) , so them taking a hit is really bad for italy . 
  why ? 
  the austerity treatment is only for those that ca n't afford to do it themselfs and ask for help , germany is more than capable bailing them out . 
  now as someone who is very much not a fan of the current situation ( and thinks that the austerity rammed down southern europes throat is bullshit and counterproducitve ) , or capitalism in general i am really not happy with this , however i do not see how it is hypocrisy, 
  european law now states that before the government can act on anything , the shareholders , investors etc. 
  first have to take a big loss and if thats not enough to get stuff back in order only then can the government intervene . 
  this is also currently a problem for italy as the investors in a lot of their failing banks are older people and their retirement money ( because the banks lied to them ) , so italy ca n't legally intervene but if they do n't a giant ton of retirement money will go down the drain which will be bad not only for the people but also the economy, 
   with the election coming up , the german government , politically , can not afford to bail them out . 
  politically they ca n't afford to bail them out , economically they ca n't afford to let them fail , therefor their hands are kinda tied , sadly this will mean another rise in popularity for the afd : /, 
  so you want us , our society to be just as good as the soviets , wow okay , i rather like a lot of the standards and decencies modern society has , so i will have to disaggree with you on that, 
   force the migrants to move somewhere they do n't want to be i quite frankly do n't give a shit where they want to be , and neither should the apparatus ... 
  i fucking love titanic , okay brudi ? 
  and curse your past tenses and the weird structures they start , grammar in english gets fucking difficult later on , where as grammar in german atleast stays at the same difficulty throughout !, 
  it is not like the euro was our idea , infact it was the french that created the euro as a condition for german reunification, 
  ofcourse !, 
  trying to save them from the horror that is the english language !, 
  if she had n't done that greece would 've collapsed it was an emergency short term solution and it did what it was supposed to do . 
  i do n't think you can argue much about that , what you can however argue about is the fact that the problem was ignored for years by germany ( and the rest of the eu for that matter ) , until only a drastic move such as this was viable, 
  its funny that americans always bring up ww1 aswell , in history class their involvement ( militarily ) was a sidenote , so i forgot it constantly , what i do remember tho is that they lend us a lot of money during ww1 , profiting from both sides !, 
  i got ta forward this post to the `` invasionsangstbeh\u00f6rde '' thank you, 
  that is not true , a lot of the changes to how civil unions are taxed and other rights are more recent than civil unions , and did n't happen because the government wanted to do so but rather because our government got sued about the unequal rights infron of european courts . 
  also still to this day for some things like abortion they are treated unequally, 
  1 out of over 1000, 
  translation : fantastic idea , nazis !, 
  * this way dresden will get rid of all mosques * word play literally means `` bomb idea '', 
  and right wing terrorists have attacked foreigners since forever , also this city has become a castle for the far right , and this attack happened on the anniversary on the biggest terrorist attack in west german history , a neonazi terrorist attack during the oktoberfest , and the secodn bomb went of at the exact minute of that attack . 
  yea sorry but it seems so much more likely that this is was the far right, 
  because she systematically killed of every opponent in her own party , and in whichever party she was ruling with , used them as meatshields threw them away etc. 
  i personally do think there is a good-ish alternative but that would be gregor gysi , the far left , which ofcourse would n't be very popular on here . 
  so to me there is one viable alternative to merkel , to some other people the afd ( for whatever reason ) looks like a viable alternative , but you just do n't have that many because she created a situation where you do n't have that many, 
  well to be fair if you look at actual killing , islamist terrorists have killed 2 people in germany since reunification , while far right terrorists have killed between 40 and 90 times that number , so to me one just mathematically looks like the bigger problem, 
  secret ? 
  they hold marches and routinely kill people , between about 80 to 180 ( police say 80 , but since you probably think police are proably hiding stuff , if you look at independent investigations they often suggest numbers of around 180 , there are some that go over 200 but i 'll stay moderate in this post ) , yes no they are not secret and they are a big problem , they have killed between 40 and 90 times more people than islamists in germany like wtf , how are they are nonexistent boogeyman if the islamists are n't ? 
  maybe both groups are problems ? 
  the one bomb went of on the exact same minute of the oktoberfest far right terrorist attack , the most deadly terrorist attack in west germany , and again while sectarian struggles happen , something as big as bombs is very out of the ordinary while the far right has done a couple bomb attacks against foreigners . 
  so yes i would make the connection to the far right , it seems by far the most plausible by far, 
  either that or the much simpler and more plausible interpretation that it was the far right, 
  but generally in the west isis does n't target other muslims specifically but look for targets that create the most amount of shock and the biggest rift between the public and muslims . 
  do n't get me wrong i 'm not saying they would n't but it is not the highest priority since terrorist attacks in the west are already harder to pull off, 
  i mean if you look at the trackrecord since reunification right wing terrorism has atleast ( for lowest estimates ) killed like 50 times as many people as islamic one , so yea, 
  this would n't be a normal isis target in the west tho . 
  the best words , atleast so i have been told multiple times infact, 
  well ofcourse tigerlilly would be retarded ... 
  wait what ? 
  neo-liberalism is like the opposite of leftist , are you completely fucking retarded ? 
  trotsky would n't have been able to built the personal cult neccessary to get the horrible horrible things done in order to eradicate capitalist society outside the cities, 
  ofcourse , what i meant was when the communists took over . 
  also i disaggree that stalin was super hurtfull to the whole thing he was in the late 20s early 30s willing to go a lot further than the other leaders would he came a lot closer to realising the idea of communism than they would have since he forcefully eradicated the structures of capitalism willing to let millions die for his goal , others would n't have gone that far, 
  it is an increase of 1 above the average over the last couple of years , so that number was very common, 
  it is 1 more person than the average so it is still in the normal zone, 
  while it is a 42 % increase and that sounds bad and scary , an increase in 3 people is n't that much , when you have very low numbers the percentages can seem crazy even if the change is n't that bad , same with big numbers where a tiny percentage change can be gigantic not denying it has increased or that that is bad , but an increase in 3 people is n't what i 'd call `` through the roof '' edit : also it is only 1 person more than the average amount , its just that the previous year was also very quiet, 
  indeed !, 
  i was just focusing on the strictly women issue because of the topic of this thread , there is a lot of progress that the ussr had made in the early years that far outshined the west , but then it all went down the drain, 
  probably just bad english ? 
  i used to confuse pastor and priest all the time aswell, 
  the funny thing is the communists introduced legal marriage , right to vote for women , the ability for women to get divorced , promoted euqal pay for women , promoted women not only as mothers and men not as head of family who rules with an iron fist etc. 
  in the first decade of communism in russia , and stalin basically walked back on all those things in the late 20s / 30s , really depressing, 
  the sad thing about the whole communist stuff is that when communism was new it was n't like that . 
  in the early 20s and b4 in russia when communists where just newly in power they legalised abortion , the right for women to stop their marriage , the right for women to work for same pay , the right for women to vote , fought against the idea of the housewive and the man as head of the family etc. 
  and it went downhill from there : /, 
  how is that a bad thing ? 
  wtf you fucking racist, 
  stupid ideas like teaching sex ed ist evil , teaching lgbt lifestyle as something that exists will make everyone gay , climate change does n't exist etc. 
  if they do n't pass a recognized safe country on their way ? 
  yes the problem with africa and syria etc. 
  is that the first recognized safe countries on their way here are all eu countries now you could just say well thats their own fault or something , but thats what we did for years , until greece was about to collapse and merkel made an emergency response, 
  i 'd like to quote a certain kangaroo, 
  ofcourse since the other site is always evil and your side is always good . 
  i personally think both is quite bad , however setting fire to a refuggee shelter is a bit worse since there are people in there that could actually die unlike in a car you set on fire , also i do consider shelter a more fundemental need than a car so missing that is also worse . 
  be embarassed because the afd is literally throwing arguments against them at your feet, 
  well if you want me to give you a logical justification for that behaviour , then i ca n't give you one . 
  it is the case because thats how it is , and it is today that way because it has historically been that way . 
  sounds like someone that already lives there, 
  because it will hurt you more societally if your nudes get leaked if you are female than it will hurt you if you are a guy . 
  same as how girls that have lots of partners are seen worse than guys that have lots of partners , well generally, 
  i do n't know dude , as a guy , dickpics beeing leaked does n't seem as big a deal as nudes of women beeing leaked , it 'd be like going nuclear on a country with normal icbms , yes sure they will destroy some , but you are absolutely going fuck all of their shit up, 
  it is about kurds aswell , not saying i aggree with op but if you look in the text underneath the title , kurds are one of the 3 main topics, 
   strangely enough , turkish people in turkey facepalm at german ` turks ' who are fiercely ` turkish ' but have n't lived nor have real ties to turkey itself aside from relatives , if that . 
  i 'd assume it is the same as all the `` german '' americans ? 
  i mean we did care , we are n't the uk or the us that were super happy at the beginning , we are `` old europe '', 
  in eastern parts of germany the police can be very friendly towards the far right,
