  for hitler this would be the entirety of eastern europe , aswell as minorities ( do n't remember any active plans about killing africans but ehhh there probably would be some if he was successfull ) , aswell as political dissenters, 
  not refusing to show , but not actively spreading, 
  idiots , how would this make anyone aggree with them ? 
  absolutely disgusting and inexcusable behavior, 
  uhhmmm ... there is a difference between video games and rightwing propaganda that they try to justify violence with ? 
  so the whole thing turned out to be a lie , she was at a friends place , the friend has no migration background , and she went there out of her own accord ( no kidnapping or anything ), 
  no the ideology is not illegal , only inciting to violence/claiming the holocaust didnt happen is illegal and the npd tries to not do that too much . 
  however yes the last nazi party was banned because of them doing that stuff ( and apparently the npd is doing it again ), 
  thats not at all what i said ? 
  almost noone meets their quota ... 
  because there probably never was a case and kidnapping and this all seems to be instigated by her cousin ( who is the most vocal and seeems to have influenced the young girl to tell the story she told at first ( which constantly changes ) ) , who goes to npd rallies ( literal nazi party , no this is n't hyperbole like when poeple use it with the afd , they are actually a nazi party that are fans of national socialism ) like come on, 
  or because we are not an external border and otherwise this is schengen , how would countries react when german border patrols suddenly started showing up at eu borders ( like out of nowhere in hungrary or poland or greece lol ), 
  i mean the second that german official were saying negative remarks , one of your ministers wrote an open letter comparing eu oversight ( under german rule in his mind ) to nazi oversight that his grandfather fought against lol, 
  so this means that this time poland is actually attack the radio station ? 
  damn ... if only hitler waited a couple years longer :(, 
  i 'm german so i am not allowed to have an opinion :( but i will quote you to make my point from now on !, 
  ( mwhahaha ), 
  have a polish gay friend who defenitely thinks that the country is n't good to gay people , especially was unhappy with the pis win, 
  they really hate their cyclists huh ? 
  noone does , it is only a safe country of origin , thats what this whole eu deal/bribe is all about, 
  they are internationally recognized refuggees if the countries they were in before are not recognized safe countries which non of the ones between syria and greece are, 
  if the first country that they enter ca n't take care of them then no its perfectly fine to go further, 
  why ? 
  greece is the first official safe country , you could argue turkey is somewhat okay , but turkey right now does n't take care of all of them coming thre ( like 1/3 -2 / 3 iirc ) so for the last third that does n't get food or a home it is understandable that they walk a bit further into germany no ? 
  which is why i voted for them in the federal elections , unlike the greens they are actually an opposition party that does n't just shut up and put up but they debate and fight , which is something i really really want in an opposition party =p, 
  how are we undermining democracy ? 
  people knew they could n't go further before this whole thing started , and there were enough people in greece that greece was calling out for help saying they system will collapse , so i doubt it, 
  well seeing as how they were talking about a humanitarian crisis building up last time before we opened the border ( which afaik was the main reason we stopped sending people back ) , uhhhh probably not going to do well : / i hope it works out tho !, 
  i thought we paused inbetween to catch a break ? 
  1,218 of 1,275 attacks against german jews in 2013 were by nazis . 
  in germany something like 95 % of attacks on jews in the last year were from the far right , so yes the far right beeing on the rise is actually the bigger issue, 
  well greece is fucked , was kinda nice knowing you guys , sorry for raping you the last few years :(, 
  and other news agencies like the bbc overplayed it massively like what the fuck they were talking about 1000 rapists walking around o_o, 
  i mean gave it up because that looks better than loosing it after it becomes obvious they ca n't hold onto it ... yea, 
  and the brits lost almost all of their empire . - . 
  did n't the british government even advise the americans to not send food to india during the famine ( that was weirdly around the same time india wanted to not really follow the brits that much anymore ) ? 
  that kinda sounds like its atleast partially out of malice =p, 
  i loved history class , i had an amazing teacher tho so that might have been part of it !, 
  we went to dauchau , the sun shined but all i saw was gray :0 9th grade , lol one girl broke down crying even ( which is kinda a bit much and usually does n't happen ) but yea , they do n't hold back anything . 
  but they also do n't only look at negatives ( like we learned about the kaiser of the holy roman empire trying to get rid f slavery in germany and spain ( and succeeding in germany , and failing in the spanish colonies ) before the brits thought of that !, 
  and there is a lot of discussion going on , maybe that was just because i had an amazing history teacher , but he would ask a lot of questions and asked for interpretations and points of view etc. 
  and presented the facts , so it was n't like indoctrination or some bullshit like that, 
  yea a british friend told me that mostly what gets discussed is how you beat us , and how you stopped slavery and then the basics of european civilisation , not going into depths of the darker parts of british history . 
  which i would be kinda dissappointed of if i was a brit i 'd like schools to focus mostly on the own country but cover their positives and their negatives in history, 
  the smaller ones which did n't have the possibility of doing so . 
  but just because its something that was a relatively common abuse of power by stronger countries does n't mean it is n't something you should n't be proud of . - . 
  yes and you can acknowledge that without beeing proud of it or a werhaboo, 
  my great grandpa would smile in his grave right now * single tear *, 
  well seeing trumps politics ... yea !, 
  i do n't really care , beeing a poor student i generally look very hard at the price to quality ratio with the second most important thing beeing the price itself ( meaning even if something has super awesome price to quality ill not buy it if it exceeds certain low amounts lol ) , i honestly could n't give less of a fuck about where the product was made sorry to dissappoint you, 
  wait what ? 
  i thought people trying to boycot products from another eu country would be relatively big news , let me guess its just a few idiots ? 
  well its still fine to make fun of a few idiots as a comedian i guess, 
  yea one should be better than that who he disaggrees with ( in this case trump beeing an idiot and trying to ban lots of people he dislikes ), 
  ehh are n't the elites already in child rape circles ? 
  idk that they need migrants for that lol, 
  really ? 
  thats pretty cool !, 
  on your way to become another exportweltmeister ? 
  because its german carnival , i like the dutch i think most germans do , but we do n't dedicate an entire holiday to them, 
  you 'd need to be catholic , its like a thing before lent , well noone does the lent part afterwards anymore tho lol, 
  that does n't happen , carnival here is mostly about beeing weird as fuck and finding that funny/fun , also get drunk as hell but thats like every holiday, 
  i 'm interested to see what stands they come up with this time , this was last year : http://imgur.com/gallery/h1slb carnival is fun =p, 
  thank you for your service o7 how did you think the last elections in the democratic republik of north korea went ? 
  the article says poland is moving into the direction of putins russia ( media laws , laws about snooping , taking power from the consitution ) , not that it is like putins russia , thats a giant difference , if the uk was to make gay marriage illegal ( like it still sadly is here in germany ) it too would be moving closer towards putins russia, 
  that 's not coincidential . 
  and definitely not related . 
  it is most likely because most of the `` fuck germany you are trying to manipulate and fuck us over '' comment are coming from poles , so germans got quite salty over that =p send me links to the articles, 
  so when anyone says something about poland they have no idea , but you can tell me what i 'm apparently fed by my media ? 
  okay then ... just as a correction , no ... not at all is that what i see in the media , what i see is reporting about what is going on in poland , the consititutional court changes , the media law changes the snooping law changes etc. 
  but at no point have i seen an article in a mainstream article saying that poland is almost totalitarian or fascist ... 
  so if you do n't have any german speaking source for me , then i 'd like you to actually stop talking bullshit until you do , thank you , 
  i 'm talking recent history ( last 20 years ) in germany , we are talking about modern germany , so why would we suddenly switch to china ? 
  i mean if you want cultural exports , we just keep them to ourselfs because they are soo super good : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=67rc96jooz8, 
  i mean the fact that we ( well sch\u00e4uble but he represents us and as he was doing it his ratings were going up ) kinda butt-raped your country during the crisis , eventhough every analyist said it would n't do any good and it was the wrong action , i thought might have made your opinion on germany slightly more negative, 
  we had n't acted on it until greece was about to burst , for years we had been ignoring them , greece breaking down would have been horrible for everyone ( yes us aswell ) involved , thats why we started doing what we did , merkel did n't do it from the good of her non-existent heart lol, 
  but if i actively choose to do what i know myself is wrong , is worse , no ? 
  one is fucking up with maybe good intentions the other is doing bad stuff because i enjoy it, 
   i hate the german ultra-left i personally dislike the ultra-rght more as they are responsible like 15 times the deaths of the ultra left in recent history . 
  but yeaa ultra anything in general kinda sucks most antifa organisations should just stop : /, 
  thats my experience aswell , but it might just be my town , since the people here are like really super cool about integrating them and making them feel like a part of the community . 
  in turn the whole shaming you until you wish to die thing , we germans have going on in order to keep people orderly works much better when they actually care about the grannies doing it =p, 
   the other thing you could look at is the government influencing on the public media to not publish information about the cologne attacks . 
  hardly free press . 
  how does that happen ? 
  i mean i read articles about the cologne attack on j\u00e4nner 1 and 2 , if you are talking zdf , that was one of the two public media and they apologized and admitted their mistake , since they treated it as a local newsstory before they understood the scale of it, 
  huh ? 
  i do n't remember our government doing anything like that to hurt the freedom of press of the country , what are you talking about ? 
  that turns it from a funny weird thing into something bad : /, 
  did n't they burn a lot of bridges and fuck up a lot last time they wwere in power ( til 2007 ) , obviously not as much as it looks like it happens now but still, 
  do n't forget vegetarians and cyclists !, 
  the true evils of western society, 
  i heard germany takes a lot of refuggee 's nowadays , maybe you can try and come over ? 
  :d ( obviously as an eu citizen you can always come over , soo yea i have a gay friend from poland who is considering moving right now lol ), 
  winning at dying a whole bunch , yea, 
  im sorry buts his job in the eu to talk about this stuff so its kinda stupid to ask him to shut up just cuz hes german ... 
  arent u the ones always claiming to be so super non-pc ? 
  its a satirical show , deal with it, 
  bavarian here thanks for the insult , and yes ofcourse more people working is better , as work pays more than social services and you need workers to have an industry strong enough to not import . 
  did n't you read the two conditions i placed there ?
