  and are the ones depicting islamists negatively paid for by the right ? 
  is n't shariah law just law based upon interpretation of the holy texts , meaning it could be anything ? 
  from what i 've seen of us politics a lot of the republicans seem to argue using christianity/the bible as a basis , so what they are doing would be effectively shariah law . 
  hmmm i thought he had not voted in the past election , really fires your synapses ... 
  i thought that started as a anti-napoleon thing ? 
   if you want to kill someone its murder , the difference between manslaughter and murder in german law is not intent , but the motivation and the method used , this stems from the murder laws beeing weird and not really fitting our justice system ( and therefor most judges are trying to avoid using murder whenever possible ) , which makes sense since it was introduced by the nazis . 
  politics are basically only in the d\u00fcsseldorf on , the others ones are mostly non-politics, 
  for very good reasons i want to add, 
  they unveiled ( tho i really wonder what kind of person was still tricked at this stage ? ), 
  their racist , anti-semite stupid underbelly . 
  also its just a populist movement loosing steam , not that much has happened with refuggees , and their other platforms for the most part are horrendous . 
  also infighting , the far right part of the afd wants to take control over what is now the moderate part which used to be the right wing . 
  katanas were actually pretty shit when it comes to sword , in part thanks to their bad metallurgy but also because people really sticked to tradition hard during the isolationist period . 
  ( where europe started to adapt its meelee weapons to be easier able to deal with armor , katanas are extremely poor vs armored opponents ) however thanks to `` japan stronk '' retarded nationalism , and its effect on anime , a lot of kids growing up think of katanas as the ultimate sword and samurai are somehow super strong master fighters or something like that . 
  and then the one after that will be even worse ? 
  like bush ( kinda really awful ) - obama ( pretty alright ) - trump ( what the actual fuck ? ), 
  biggest example : the greens , in general very left leaning , sometimes kinda crazy depending on the members , in baden-w\u00fcrtemberg they basically are the cdu with an enviromental twist to it !, 
   but so do the washington post , cnn , the guardian , the list goes on . 
  not nearly to the same extent , and when they are wrong they more often than not clarify it , breitbart and infowars either just ignore it or go even more hardcore with the story . 
  is n't that like generally an accepted fact ? 
  hahahahahaha yea sure , its weird i thought with schengen and free movement of people , citizens could already go to hungrary , i wonder why noone is doing so if the evil leftist oppression here is so bad ... 
   so the debt we owe to the caliphs is that they did n't completely eradicate hellenic civilization in the levant and egypt , they did so only partially ? 
  the debt is that they kept the texts alive while europe was destroying them, 
  while not directly , the islamic world and the money invested into gaining knowledge during their great period , was one of the reason much of greek/roman knowledge stayed alive . 
  if the islamic world went full retard the same way europe did at the time , that philosophical groundwork would have had to been laid anew as much more knowledge would 've been lost, 
  as op has just stated , he funds her political campaign , the whole thing they had going on was just so they could pretend to be less stupid now, 
  fascism is n't just a normal political opinon , i also would n't like an islamist getting any honours like that , or would you ? 
  hell yea , both 3sat and arte are pretty cool , some of the only tv i will watch every now and then, 
  i 'm not sure wether or not olivia jones identifies as male or female , but who cares , you just have to use one different word , oh no the horrors !!!, 
  and italy always switches sides during the world wars , gets kinda annoying after a while ... 
  this will always be my favorite post on one of those / r/the _ donald propaganda subreddits : https://i.redd.it/6bagp8f15j1y.jpg, 
  something like that also happened with chernobyl . 
  while german authorities were warning people because of high radiation ( stupid wind ) , to not let kids play outside etc. 
  somehow magically there was no increase in radiation in france , infact the increase in radiation stopped precisely at the german/french border, 
  i love that those idiots always post about some american shit , like why would germans even care about what evil democrats and shillary were up to now ? 
  dude , that is so fucking next level , i did n't even think about the nussknacker possibilities here !, 
  clearly i need to train to think more dimensional, 
  we need our own animal that makes a weird/funny sound like the reeeee frog ... 
   the style did fit for the `` naughty '' donald . 
  thats part of the joke . 
  actually for me , one of the earlier users of / r/the _ schulz i was quite surprised how interesting schulz is compared to what i expected , part of what i liked about the subreddit was the clear disconnect between that orange idiot and schulz , he had no real scandals , no nothing , seemed ( to me ) like your standard boring german politician , and thats what made it more fun to counter-meme those idiots . 
  afd voters are even worse * shudders *, 
  yea , i have a bisexual , but mostly into guys , friend in romania , he wants to leave , to either germany or the uk as soon as possible , probably germany since brexit happened . 
  bavaria is about as low as eastern germany , soooooo yea its not as clear cut with the `` good guys '' and the `` bad guys '', 
  bavarian here , sadly its not only the east , bavaria can be really fucking stupid aswell ... 
  especially since its probably the csu , our monarchs , that in big part stops the union to actually fully discuss gay marriage, 
  even then it is n't true , it literally depends from issue to issue, 
  i mean ... 
  i do n't really know that you can hold that against them , in general they were kind of on the right side of that whole conflict i 'd say , i know crazy but thats just what i believe, 
  theoretical , but in practice probably not, 
  idk she is a lot too pro-querfront sounding to me at times which i really dislike her for , and yea her stalinism kills her , she does make a lot of retarded statements coupled with a couple brilliant ones , it hurts . 
  i really wanted to vote for linke this year , but might end up hopping onto the schulztrain , because of her and other people like her in the party, 
   the droning and bombing and the spying was bad though . 
  but you have to remember it stands in comparison to the president before him who did n't just drone and bomb , but actively invaded countries and tortured innocents , so in comparison this makes obama look `` for an american president '' !, 
  what he wrote is correct tho , the nazis were deeply entrenched in their ( i would call it perverted ) version of romanticism , spritualism and anti-modernity that was ofcourse baked out of the german spritualism romanticism etc. 
  that had been built over the years following the enlightenment romanticism does n't have to be an objectively good thing , this romantic longing for a glorious past , with purity and a volksgeist that made everything perfect is defenitely just that . 
  the nazis were romanticism of the past to the n-th degree tho , there was nothing rational , they were deeply routed in estheric stuff and spiritualism, 
  france stereotype was logic , science , britain was mercantilism , money , trading , germany was methaphysics , poetry and philosohpy . 
  ofcourse this leaves out a ton of countries and ofcourse its never true when you stereotype such big groups over such long times , but those were the stereotypes, 
   i would rather say nazism was was romantism with industrial tools . 
  spot on , nazism was very much anti-modernity , very much a perversion of german romanticism and infact a perversion of a lot of historical german sentiments and things, 
   to an ignorant outsider like me , germany would be the country i most associate with rationality in the entire world . 
  thats a thing that stems from the whole nazi/wwii thing , `` germans beeing very efficient and without emotions '' etc. 
  however if you read older stuff the sentiment was directly the opposite , mark twain , for example said he hated the german language since it was so feminine and romantic and not at all hard and manly like the real mens languages french and english . 
  ahh , so he is like the one not crazy person in trumps cabinet ? 
  well brexit and british football hooligans changed how we looked at britain i 'd say 2006 probably was that good for their image, 
  only the beginning is hard , german becomes somewhat nice after you get the basics down , compared to english which starts out nice and easy and then later can get kinda weird with time stuff . 
  well unless you talk about german like faust ii or other hard stuff but thats just on a complete different level ( or even reading a very well written column like `` fischer im recht '' can soemtimes be kinda hard even for me ) , normal spoken , colloquial german gets easier later, 
  question , is there a correlation between deaths during crimes and amount of guns ? 
  thank you !, 
  what exactly is the difference between single and dual mandate ? 
   nobody will form a coalition with the afd . 
  and the afd already announced that even if anyone wanted to they themselfs would n't form a coalition with any of the big evil parties, 
  those were proposals from the spd , their coalition partner . 
  in germany , to form a government generally you have to form a coalition , if you get into coalition with the big center left party , then surely you will have to compromise and do atleast a few center left things , no ? 
  other random german here , i think the afd will get around 15 % + - 3 % , wan na take bets if +20 % is more likely ? 
  yea a lot of afd voters probably went back to the cdu/csu , ever since it has become even more apparent ( which i did n't think was possible ) how infested the afd is . 
  jup , this is the reason i might go vote spd , she is just a bit too crazy even for me , and the whole querfront thing she got going on kinda annoys me aswell, 
   well shit , it seems i 'm quite wrong about this . 
  i assumed german law would n't differ from belgian law in this perspective . 
  thats because the laws about murder are still back from the nazis . 
  the whole thing about a murderer type person etc. 
  seems really weird compared to our other law , and the fact that the use of weapons of the weak ( poison e.g. ), 
  compared to other means gets its own harsher verdict is also pretty retarded , but ofcourse you wo n't see a politician change it for fear of beeing seen as soft on murder . 
  as far as i know that is why totschlag instead of murder is generally used , since lots of legal experts really hate how the shit is set up and try to stay away from it, 
  not responsibility but it would be beneficial to us, 
  the german political system is all about , drafting deals and compromises , less about charisma , so all the people that get to the top do n't need charisma to get their ( which i personally do n't mind ), 
  i think you mean polish death camps there buddy, 
  not only that , also every act of rape gets filed as its own thing unliked in any other western country , so if a husband rapes his wife every day for a year , that is 365 rapes in swedish statistics and 1 in non-swedish ones, 
  german violent cirime rates are going down , atleast in 2015 there was a rise in rape etc. 
  in the usa, 
  the dnvp are the most well known nationalist conservative party , and while they are better than the nsdap they are still pretty bad . 
  he mentioned bmw as his main target since they wanted to build a plant in mexico , the bmw plant in the us is the biggest car exporting thing in the us , so idk, 
  that does n't mean we should forget it and act like it never happens , foreign students beeing idiots does not justify that, 
  and so we should just forget it and ignore it and teach about the `` great things out forefathers did '' ? 
  well until 42 the war was n't going too bad , lets just end the history lesson at stalingrad , why not ? 
  no , fuck that , we should remember , the holocaust reminds us that normal people are capable of the most evil actions , ofcourse i had nothing to do with it , thats why i do n't feel guilty , but just to forget about anything bad your country has ever done and act as if it was perfect and only other countries can be shit leads to blind nationalism which is completely fucking retarded, 
   also the bigest problem for die linke will be sarah wagenknecht ...     fuck this putin , communist loving bitch she is . 
  i personally think her whole querfront thing is the bigger problem tho i do also dislike her putin friendliness and other delusions ... will still probably vote for linke tho, 
  they are leftleaning or were and then made a step to the middle , just like labour under blair,
