  wait so now u are for bribing them to take refuggees ? 
  i thought it was horrible when we try that with turkey what about people from warzones ? 
  and countries who refuse despite samctions ? 
  what about international aggreements ( they are generally usefull in negotiations but loosing our credit would mean giving up a lot of soft power ) also idk a jail in europe sounds pretty nice compared to the refiggee camps in lebanon i doubt theyd stop coming, 
  fortress europe would mean sacrificing greece and possibly italy , ofcourse shes not gon na go with that, 
  you train them with the help of the institutions doing research ? 
  at tu munich i.e. 
  max planck has a fusion reactor and a fission reactor ( amongst other stuff ) , phd students go there and write their thesis for max planck and get evaluated by the university . 
  infact in physics at least quite a bit of the research , is still done by professors at universities , but they publish it under the organisations ( such as max planck frauenhofer etc. ), 
  that allow the to work with them use their stuff etc. 
  and not under the university they teach at , this means that their research is n't counted towards the universities in those stupid rankings . 
  just for anyone else reading this , as a general tip , look at what is actually beeing taught and ask people that studied there ( pretty easy online ) in order to determine a university do n't go for rankings alone, 
  in public giving a speech ? 
  yea it could be , depends on the judge but i 'd say yes, 
  maybe he tries to live up to his role models ? 
  the nazis banned fox hunting and quite a bit stuff and did a lot of shit for animal rights ( infact a lot of animal right laws in germany come from that time ), 
  so an independent journalist from the uk has better insight into the public availible information than an independent journalist from non-uk/us ? 
  i 'm not sure if you are aware ... but there is a difference between a newspaper/opinion piece and a country , right ? 
  i do n't go talking shit about the us for every bit of mindnumbing idiocity fox says . - . 
  number 1 isnt true and germany also shared nukes with the us sooo i dont understand your argument, 
   conservatives would respect constitution for one thing . 
  is what you 'd think , but in the two other examples i know off ( us and germany ) the conservatives are the ones most likely to discard the constitution , like the conservatives in the us on the whole religion thing they completely forget that the first thing in the constitution says that thats not cool , or on their treatment of other people , some of them want to use waterboarding etc. 
  germany the afd does n't really give a fuck about the constitution either its pretty sad, 
  i 'm not an expert on ukip , so that might be true i wanted to start off with some refernces point thats not to krass since if you tell people from the start that they are fucked up , on this sub noone will read . 
  i always throught ukip was pretty conservative tho and had people of the edl etc. 
  in it, 
  it depends on your state really , in mostly the western states they are like a christian fundementalist ukip and in some states , mostly northern/eastern states , their main people openly talk about rassenkunde and shooting refuggees ( but only the parents not the kids because of their christian values , yea thats really what was said ... ) storming merkel etc. 
  and even the more harmless parts in the west generally deny global warming as a big conspiracy against the german people , do n't want sex ed for children want to lower the taxes of the rich want to force people on social benefits to work in work camp like situations ( iirc it was something like people building roads and infrastructure with shovels and cranes or something like that was said ) etc. 
  so yea pretty right i 'd say !, 
  poland and hungrary and other eeu countries wanted even harsher stuff, 
  not at all if you stand by it , its usually just the right wing claims to only be angry about economic migrants and be all for `` real '' refuggees that get overlooked !, 
  the idea behind this is that we get rid of the bad apples and only take the good ones but yea a one to one rate is kinda shitty, 
  back where ? 
  invade a country ( because they sure as hell do n't want them , and there are no regulations to force them to take them back as they are not considered safe third countries ) to bring them back there ? 
  or send them to a warzone where no official government can complain ? 
  so you are not even claiming its about economic migrants anymore and that you want to help real refuggees but they get overlooked ? 
  you just do n't want any foreigners i guess, 
   tsipris had a mandate to reject these incompetent institutions so why did n't he lead greece out . 
  because the greek left was very pro eu , they did n't like the policies but the principle of the eu has had large support also maybe he was hoping sch\u00e4uble and eastern europe + austria + the netherlands + ireland + whoever i forgot , was not going to full retard which ... sadly they did, 
   german policies . 
  germany , the netherlands , austria and eastern european policies you mean , right ? 
  infact compared to the netherlands and a lot of eeu countries we are somewhat mild even ... 
  but ofcourse its only germanys fault bullying everyone !, 
  but you will also see a ton of misinformation and editorialised articles, 
   what do these have to do with politics of refugee critics ? 
  uhh because turkey is evil incarnate ? 
  i guess you do n't get it , huh already too brainwashed by newspapers like this : https://i.imgur.com/8qxcqag.jpg huh ? 
  yes , because if turkey shuts the border down we do n't have to kill the schengen area which is huge for european industry , you want an external partner that has controls and stuff anyways so it does n't hurt much also if you we shut down the our border to turkey without an aggreement similiar to this it wo n't do anything , since the people coming over the coast can still come , this aggreement would make it so that the only way to get to europe and be recognised as a refuggee would be via turkey , which means we can just deport every boat person , they all have to go through turkey and then turkey and greece enforce the border, 
  the reason its impossible for europe to close its borders is that greece has to take them in no matter what , and once they are in greece they are in the eu if greece ca n't ( as is currently the case ) register etc. 
  them all we ca n't know who is who , and closing the inner eu borders is a disaster economically but also for the eu in principle, 
  the reason its impossible for europe to close its borders is that greece has to take them in no matter what , and once they are in greece they are in the eu if greece ca n't ( as is currently the case ) register etc. 
  them all we ca n't know who is who , and closing the inner eu borders is a disaster economically but also for the eu in principle, 
  uhhh what do you base this off ? 
  do you actually know anything about orban , what he has done to hungrary ? 
  i mean other than him shouting about refuggees all the time, 
  ofcourse not , lol this is like paradies for him , he does n't have to do anything and can just whine and shout while other countries are facing actual problems and will still get elected because he shouts so much ( and with a little help from himself ), 
  do n't we aswell ? 
  or were those terrorist guys that killed 100 + in france not isis supporters ? 
  they are both very dictator like imo, 
  whats you solution on stopping this without greece going under ? 
   turkey does n't have the will to stop them and why should they ? 
  they are not considered a safe third country so they have no obligations towards them , they already take in more than the eu combined . 
  i really do n't know how you can hold this against turkey , they are doing the exact same thing that eu countries are doing , just let them pass through because you do n't want them and they do n't want to stay , unless ofcourse you 'd describe eeu etc. 
  as scummy aswell, 
  well the whole point is , that every migrant not going through turkey will be automatically a migrant and not a refuggee anymore which means we can just get rid of them . 
  so the only possibility is to go through turkey where they get looked at to decided whether they are migrants or refuggees thats the entire premise of this deal, 
   look at her face the next time you see her . 
  she looks like she has n't had sleep in weeks . 
  you must have never followed german politics before , merkel always looks like she does n't sleep , and apparently thats actually true , i remember an interview saying she sleeps like 5 hours a day max and usually sits brooding over statistics etc. 
  all the time ( typical physicist =p ), 
   her position and her policies are wrong i disaggree with you here , i think the only way to fix this without everyone just shutting the borders down is some kind of deal with turkey , so it sadly seems to be the correct path, 
  yea but those are people that did n't get asylum , you can always send those back from where they came from , however you ca n't use dublin 3 ( which is the one you would use to send people to greece ) becaues the people you would send to greece are already accepted refuggees , those people you can not just send to places deemed inhumane because it violets the constitution . 
  this has tied her hands from the very beginning , this and the fact that she stupidly believes in an eu solution , which would mean a strong border aswell as registrations centers on the border which is 100 % impossible if the border country ( greece ) is in a humanitarian crisis , so to take weight off of them she said we would n't send people back . 
  now that backfired because since the problem does n't affect them directly yet , many eu countries do n't care about a common eu solution, 
  oh shit , my bad i 'm sorry i should know that its not always president since here the president also is mostly ceremonial < . < yea i meant prime minister thanks !, 
  so what i gathered from slovakians is that while the old president was super shitty and its good that he lost power , the alternative that got power was apparently waaay waaay worse , in the election 1 or 2 actual nazi parties got elected ( like them calling their leader f\u00fchrer , and wearing the collaborator uniforms in the past etc. ), 
  then 1 or so more thats really close to beeing actual nazi and then some with weird ideas . 
  also the fact that 9 parties got past the threshold means that any government will be extremely unstable edit : prime minister not president , i 'm an idiot, 
  lol its not like trump is anywhere near more practical , and while sanders has some crazy he never went as far as trump and quite a few of his ideas have the backing of economists, 
  but that is n't loud to me , thats just voting differently , everyone can do it , protests initiatives etc. 
  thats what i would describe as loud . 
  and i am in the know , i still hope hillary gets fucked by the emails and bernie becomes president somehow buuut that will probably never happen =p, 
  you do ? 
  idk we have lots of protests for because of different people having displeasure with different stuff , the recent-ish protest in berlin i.e. 
  got around 150k people showing up , i do n't remember hearing about many big/medium protests in the us , the only two i ever hear about are black lives matter and the whole occupy wallstreet stuff, 
  its just our government doing our government stuff : / and people wonder why i 'm not voting spd or another of the center parties lol, 
   the german constitutional court magically goes around eu laws and decides he does n't have to be extradited . 
  not suspicious at all !, 
  are you saying that the german constitutional court is actually corrupt ? 
  i 'd like some actual sources and stuff on this , because that would be a huuuuggeee fucking deal , from what i 've seen what they did seems to fall in place with a lot of their previous rulings where they put german law above eu law , which is kinda shitty , but its a stance the german supreme court has had since the beginning of time , no corruption or evil plot going on, 
  but also on ourselfs , airbus is a big thing but the two biggest nations in it are germany and france , we fucked ourselfs over with that which does n't make sense, 
   pretty sure her aproval rating is still over 50 % yes she even gained 8 % last month after some not horrible tv performances, 
  or german i guess ? 
  its seen as super not cool if you eat with your mouth open here :0 maybe we could use this as the foundation to renew the german-franco friendship that got a little strained the last few months/years , we both hate people eating with their mouths open !, 
  after , the genocide in north africa was like a wake up call for the kaiser and the local population ( which was furious ) to the guy overseeing the colonies , he was relieved of his duties and the kaisers that everything that man did should be reversed i wonder now , did the concentration camps/genocide the brits did in africa change anything about ur politics ? 
  id guess not since u still had torture camps till 1968 and only gave that up due to international outcry but you probably know more about that !, 
  and the concentration camps in africa killing something like 70-80 % of the local population and the torture camps that they had until 19 fucking 68 and and and but no need to teach anyone any of those things yea they could get offended about hearing isnt the best and most perfect thing without mistakes lol, 
  yes we dont send them back to ita\u00f6y because merkel still believes in a european approach , if we semd them back italy and greece will just go under and u cant loose ur borser countries if your plan involves a strong border aswell as registration centrrs that all refugees have to use at that border ... 
  so u are saying ex yu countries are just as good as the shitholes that are iraq syria etc ? 
  thats interesting then i hope u have no problem with me calling ur country a shithole full of backwards idiots in future !,
