  they already did before when there was no chance to get further because of dublin , the borders were only opened because that number already prooved to be too much for greece to handle , so yes, 
   what makes you think they will keep coming ? 
  because they came before ? 
  you know that germany only did the whole `` every syrian can stay '' thing because there were already waaay too many refuggees staying in greece , to an extent that greece warned about a humanitarian crisis brewing , so if they are stuck in greece again , like before , i do n't see why there would be less coming than a year ago , which already was way too much for greece to handle, 
  the doors were only opened because so many refuggees were in greece that they talked about a humanitarian crisis starting , i do n't see a reason why after we make refuggees stay in greece again less would come than the previous levels which again were already too much to handle, 
  would you rather greece gets fucked up even more and we have a humanitarian crisis within the eu , because i doubt greece collapsing would help finding a longterm solution, 
  i think this is about not fucking over greece , which might appear weird to you ( because thats basically all we did during the eurzone crisis , still less than eastern europe and some western european countries wanted us to but still ) , however this has been one of the centerpoints , the whole thing about not sending refuggees back only happened because greece could n't take it anymore and were talking about a humanitarian crisis that was starting ( because spoiler alert , there were already hundreds of thousands coming at that time ) i think what merkel wants is for europe to share the burden to be able to cope with it in the short term , while looking for longterm solutions , the ones she 's mentioned were : paying turkey so they take a lot of them in and get recognized as a safe country . 
  installing registration centers outside the eu and in the first eu countries , where everybody has to register and we only take the good ones and then distribute them across the eu ( this would help the `` real refuggees '' people are talking about since those are often too poor to make the jouney to europe joint controll of eu borders sharing information to get rid of criminals , welfare seekers etc. 
  the eu taking a more active role in syria to stop this bullshit investing into the refuggee camps around syria where the majority of refuggees currently are , so that they have no reason to flee because they are not literally starving almost all of that was shut down , so it does n't seem too likely that anything is happening , and it seems like she acknowledges that slowly , because a lot of her ministers are currently flying all around the world , making deals aswell as threats to african countries so they take their people back , talking to north african countries about registering aswell as maybe housing centers etc. 
  it also was not by chance that the new syrian deal between the us , russia and several eu countries happened in munich , because a large part of the eu does n't want to help deal with the crisis we need to step up it seems and thats what is happening , eventhough it might be too late, 
  how many germans did poles kill and how many jews did poles help kill ? 
  there was a big resistance movement so i guess they killed more germans than jews , but without stats i ca n't know for sure, 
  it is an incorrect translation , the guy said that poles killed more jews than poles killed germans, 
  he said poles killed more jews , than poles killed germans , which is more understandable than your wrong translation , because i 'd imagine if a polish guy wanted to kill a jew nazi germany ( the dominant power in that area at that time ) would go like : '' ahh you want to help kill the evil jew and support the glorious aryan race ? 
  meanwhile if you wanted to kill a german it would go like : `` nein nein nein nein nein nein ! '', 
  did polish people kill more jews during wwii than they killed germans ? 
  i 'd say most likely not , but its far different from the incorrect translation you are giving , and atleast somewhat believeable, 
   but instead had such an opportunity to kill jews ofcourse ? 
  if you wanted to i 'd imagine it would 've been far easier to get away with killing a jew than it was killing a german , if you were a supporter of the nazis you probably could pretty easily help kill jews . 
  so yes there was opportunity there , question is if anyone took it, 
  hows that an excuse ? 
  they are bad so we can do bad stuff that is one of the big causes about how fucked up the region is today ? 
  no fuck that, 
   general middle eastern population despise western intervention and for good reasons , things generally go south when we intervene there : / for your second point , sure thats fine but then we ca n't delude ourselfs into thinking this refuggee crisis will stop anytime soon, 
  do n't forget in the 50s they got rid of the democratically elected president of iran , that guy even was secular , and then replaced him with the shah , a dictator so brutal that there was a peacefull revolution against him lead by muslim extremists which turned the country into its fucked up state its right now : / i mean ... really ? 
  getting rid of the only democrat and secular guy in that region ? 
  sounds like a great plan, 
  it was somewhat stable before the us and uk staged the coup in iran getting rid of the democratically elected secular president of the country at that time , replacing him with a brutal dictator , things started to spiral downwards from there, 
  infact germany got less than the uk i.e. 
  wait what ? 
  those were not even wars but every single fucking battle ? 
  haha woah, 
  so in this everytime a muslim nation attacks someone its a muslim conquest but only the big cursades towards the middle east , not even all crusades , get counted towards the crusaders ? 
  yea wow good job, 
  the next time i buy a new women i 'll try better , i was just not looking for 2 minutes and she ran away :(, 
  yes you can , this carnival float is not forbidden , idiots just like in the polish government got angry over it , but thankfully our laws protect them , so there is about a 0 % chance that there will be actually charges , and if they do n't get punished for it , that means they are allowed . 
  i never said that there are n't idiots here aswell, 
  satire always has some form of truth to it , this does n't incite violence , does n't depict the common people as lowly or anything , as far as i 'm concerned whoever gets offended by this can piss off, 
  okay ... so if people can roast him all we want ... then whats the problem with this float ? 
  i see no reason why they would change it if that was their plan, 
  hmmm ... do polish people have long noses ? 
  there must be some connection to be made !, 
  the potatoe wars round two ladies and gentlemen !, 
  some people should really learn to grow up , like come on , edrogan was depicted drinking the blood of the kurds together with isis and he did n't go nearly as mental as poland ... 
   cyclists just a headsup , cyclist apparently is a derrogative term for gay people in poland ( according to some polish people i know ) , sooooooo that makes that whole thing a bit less funny and just a bit more sad : / and ofcourse , its only cool to be politically incorrect if its against brown people , once someone makes an non-pc joke about you you go around crying , i mean this is literally the same government that threw a major hissy fit over their leaders beeing depicted as potatoes the last time they were elected , who could n't see that coming ? 
  ofcourse i can , and i can see a reason for roasting that stupid leaderof yours , oh i forgot he is not officially your leader but only the one who goes to all the important meetings and holds all the power lol learn to take a freaking joke , do n't come crying to me with your pc bullshit, 
  what kind of drugs are you taking ? 
  why would anyone change that , we literally had floats of merkel crawling out of the ass of the us , you think that we 'd be too scared to show something like that if we wanted ? 
  just learn to take a joke, 
  i always thought the decadent west was so overly pc , and that eastern nations but poland specifically were not pc , and could take a joke :0, 
  die anstalt will have its first episode on the 23rd of february !, 
  what is schulz doing back there ? 
  shh sorry if you are too pc to take an offensive joke , but thats what fasching/karneval is all about !, 
  :d no need to get butthurt about a little fun , i bet you were one of the people that said noone should be angry ( and i aggree btw ) about the `` do n't protect our democracy protect your own women first '' sign , sooo maybe try taking it with humor inthis case aswell , 
  ahh its good that its only a butthurt tabloid then , would be sad if the polish public could n't enjoy carnival/take a joke because of beeing to pc , carnival is all about `` derbe witze ! '', 
  ( well actually its more just another excuse to get pissed but what is n't ) so getting pissed at that would kinda miss the whole point of the fun :d, 
  we do n't do anything like that , video games have been considered art for a couple years now in germany , and naz symbols etc. 
  are not banned in art or for teaching , therefor anyone censoring their games for the german audience is doing so completely of their own accord , for no real reason, 
   because the germans , who normally do n't mention wwii , i take it you have enver watched television in germany ... or watched the news ... or talked to older people ... or joked around with younger people ... or just walked around ? 
  it is kind of impossible to not stumble upon wwii around here lol, 
  ca n't wait for the first episode of 2016 hope they get back on form since i did n't enjoy their last episode as much !, 
  it does n't , in that context its completely 100 % clear what it means , no ambiguity for anyone that actually understands german, 
  ah so its a bunch of butthurt pis supporters ? 
  so ... whenever i do n't find a logical reason to vote for someone in a hypothetical election that makes all my critizism null and void ? 
  what sensible reasons would you choose to vote for kim jon un , liking fat kids ? 
  or what about khamenei ? 
  seriously just because you ca n't find any sensible reasons to vote for a guy , that talks about bringing torture back , banning all muslims , making mexico build a wall and never ( and i mean never i listen to the debates ) can get into details about any of his plans but only talks in very broad strokes about how he is the greatest and best , and magical good things will happen ( example : how will you create jobs ? 
  `` i am a good job maker , infact i am the greatest job maker in this debate !, 
  i own a large company , and am very rich !, 
  look at all of the jobs that i made !, 
  the thing is , we have a problem , and we have to solve the problem , china is creating a problem for us !, 
  i will solve the issue , and take jobs back from china '' this is basically how he answers questions , there is nothing of value or substence there ... ) , does n't mean you ca n't critizise him, 
  is that one photoshopped ? 
  it says poland on the version i saw :0, 
  i think you might be missing the context of the float , its not about refuggee 's connection to the cologne rapes , its about the event of the cologne rapes eaten/destroying the welcome culture , and ofcourse this hits the balkans aswell , the rightwing tends to throw them all under the same bus , so when someone from the balkan comes he too will be a `` rapefugee '' in their eyes, 
  yea at first i thought it was to comment on some of the rightwings claims of what we have to do . 
  but i 'm not so sure anymore, 
  polish people do n't always steal stuff , 
  i mean if you go with illegal weapons , to a protest that did n't request a permit , as a general ( those are not allowed to join protests to ensure the neutrality of the state , i bet you would n't like it if one was going to a leftwing pro refuggee protest ) then its kinda your own fault , no ? 
   goddamn it man , you are slow . 
  about 7 % of workers are in a union . 
  unions are much more powerful in germany . 
      but hey , long live stereotypes . 
  question : do corporate meetings in france also have to have union leaders in them ? 
  yea because all leftist hate the west , i as a leftist that thinks that enlightenment and humanism are some of our greatest achievements and therefor does n't want to give them up but wants to defend them and stand by them totally hate the west because i 'm not willing to compromise on the thinking that the west has produced yeeeaa, 
  he was turkish yes, 
  i mean ... they say that ... but then they have a speaker that said : `` we would have a different options ... but sadly the concentration camps are closed these days '' sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo, 
  thats for work as a prof/in research tho , there are tons of physicists and engeneers in the economy tho ( those are the two i know stuff about ), 
  you are missing the whole point , op said uk engeneers were going to germany , the guy you respond to says he thought the uk guys would rather go to us instead of germany , this is not about where germans go ... 
  really that is weird , on my university here in germany alone we have 1-2k first semester engeneering students it has a 90 % fail rate for the tests for the first semester because they get too many people trying to get in . 
  i always imagined that the other western nations would have similar rates ? 
  ohhh whops , please do n't tell that the gema ; - ;, 
  since everyone thinks every german is from bavaria anyways : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dz4mm_re2to schuhplattlern, 
  the deutschlandlied was the hymn of the austrian empire ? 
  you also should n't forget that a lot of it was catching up to older values , germany was back at old gdp after a year with around 4 % growth while it took britain 3-4 years to catch up to their old gdp, 
  not merkel tho , they went over hers and did n't find anything bad about it, 
  yes , because we are not comparing killcount but `` evilness '' or whatever , hitler had plans to kill a lot more people so given the same chances he would have killed more , that is what i would count as more important when it comes to evilness . 
  if you want to look at kill counts , you need to factor in the kills per year , the availability of people to be killed , the number of kills due to fuckups ( like in maos case a lot of those kills come down to his administration beeing rather incompetent and starving a couple million of people , like the british ) etc. 
  the second one was meant to be extreme right i believe, 
  yea but its not like hitler wanted to stop at that low of a number because he was such a good guy , if you want to determine who 's the worse person should n't you look at who they all wanted to and had plans to kill .
