  that if you blame it on mental illness you do n't demand all the other mentally ill to apologize if you blame it on religion , well on islam because otherwise it is only mental illness , then everyone has to apologize, 
  merkel did the same thing and yea it did n't have nearly as positive of a reaction, 
  merkel did pretty much the same thing , probably a lot more did it just gets lost with all the weirdness thats going on, 
  merkel basically said the same thing orban said soo ... maybe it is slightly confimation bias ? 
  wait really ? 
  i thought ramstein was used to send the signal to drones , but the pilots sit in the us with a direct fiber line to ramstein, 
  i think you misunderstood , the eu pumps a lot of money into science in all its member states , and cross eu research is very helpfull ( obviously having more minds think about something is always better when trying to achieve a solution ) , so it would probably negatively affect scientific output of the uk , probably not in a giant world ending way , but an effect is defenitely expected afaik all uk scientists that have commented on this matter have aggreed on that, 
  thats one of my hopes , we together with the uk have been dicking small countries for some time with neo liberal policies that obviously favour our already established economies ( while not doing much to help the workforce because fuck it ) , i 'd like france and its block having more power , so that it does n't always go one way , 
  i for one want you guys to stay , but can you please make a special brexit event just for hooligans ? 
  depends i actually got lucky growing up we had a giant garden , could have had a small march there i reckon, 
  yea but would n't the euro tipping it over fit better , especially with the problems brits have with the eu compared to just debt !, 
  disaggree he has to label everything , and goes waaaaaaay over the top with it , thats the opposite of what i like in poltical cartoons , especially the labeling of things annoys me, 
  completely aggreed , we should really really really invest a lot more into our internet infrastructure or we wo n't be able to compete as well economically anymore as its getting more and more important, 
  and changes for farmers !, 
  so if the uk is big into farming like france it might be good maybe ( france gets special treatment on farming for exactly that reason ), 
  is there even a uk brand left in uk hands ? 
  i remember most of the inconic ones are german now, 
   look at the eurozone stand-off with greece over its debt , they say : the uk does n't have a voice and ca n't play a part . 
  wait did n't the uk say that themselfs , iirc they were like : we are not going to pay anything and we wo n't be part of the negotiations, 
  and the uk is our biggest supporter in implementing neo liberal policies in the eu which allows us to dick over smaller countries which smaller countries and france vote against , if the uk leaves it will be much much harder, 
  i disaggree while the racist card does n't mean you are in the wrong camp it also ca n't mean you are in the right camp , calling a real racist racist does n't mean they have suddenly become correct about their views they are still racist . 
  the racist card is mostly meaningless nothing more, 
   why would she do that ? 
  brexit is in german interest . 
  not neccessarily , the uk has been our biggest and strongest partner in pushing neo liberal policies that france and small countries disliked , therefor it would hinder merkels economic ideas if the uk leaves, 
  thank god i do n't read comments there , i just use it to get to look at funny comments on other subs :d, 
  what this has nothing to do with them both beeing guys , its about how they will in the authors mind work together to fuck everyone over if the uk leaves, 
  i 'm sorry that i did n't find that funny , but it was way too predictable , i know stereotypes in comedy are a big thing but just like the german one , if all you do is stereotypes it becomes quite boring imo, 
  i disaggree , he could n't ever hope to cut it here !, 
  nah its much much much much lower quality than the daily show ( atleast when jon stewart was still around ), 
  i did n't , stereotype still stands ( or its that the heute show is completely and utter garbage ), 
  especially after having seen the daily show first ( it is actually what motivated me to become semi-decent at english ) , i just ca n't stand watching and of the heute show, 
  you americans do n't have to deal with binge dinking puking fighting british tourists , like we do ... you are too far away , its not cheap enough for them to go there, 
  i 'm sorry but i do n't exactly understand what you mean ? 
  huh i just recently made a joke about islam to my muslim friend ( well it was a 9/11 joke and how it was such a big event for his people ) , on social media and nothing happened . 
  you really have to go very very far to get into trouble , aslong as you do n't advocate for the death of an entire group of people , or describe them as vermin its all okay , 
  to one of the two that is , but that still a lot better than most countries :d, 
  not to the same extend , no market chain here has more than 26 % and the competition is incredibly fierce, 
  wtf ... why ? 
  because in germany they are engaged in a recreated of wwi trench warfare with like 5 other big chains , while in romania they are not, 
  ahh seems the chemtrails have finally stopped working !, 
  ehh noone really cares that they have christian democrats as their name , its just an old tradition that you accept , the people that care most are the ones that vote for them probably since a lot of conservatives are christian more so than leftwingers that would n't vote for a conservative party anyways, 
   well was n't the opponent ( ca n't remember his name ) beating van der bellen then coincidentally mail ballots came in and they were pretty much all for van der bellen . 
  its very suspicious coincidentally ? 
  greens/leftwingers almost always win in austrian mail ballots , also note that this is n't just people from outside , the time to vote is actually absurdly short in austria so many people that do n't have the time vote by mail . 
  seeing some sort of conspiracy in this because the very small lead that hofer had changed when more votes were counted makes you look absolutely ridiculous , even hofer accepted his defeat, 
  seeing the facebook posts on the fp\u00d6 page is the most saddening and yet hilarious thing ever, 
  omg yes please take seehofer and s\u00f6der !, 
  i 'm so fucking praying its gonne be gysi , wo n't happen tho, 
  was n't their some weird shit going on at the convention with him and hillary ? 
  i think he means after the fall of the iron curtain rebuilding what they also destroyed , otherwise it would n't make sense i do n't remember germany helping or investing in eastern europe after wwii, 
  and just as evil :0, 
  i aggree, 
  oh come on , ca n't you let things that happened 70 + years ago go ? 
  most of the populations were n't even alive back then . 
  ahh do n't worry , erika steinbach and her people are soon going to die of age so those claims will be over, 
   due to the marshall-plan was n't it due to the population beeing educated ( in comparison ) aswell as industry not beeing bombed as hard as they could have leaving a lot intact , having to stitch up roads for the most part ? 
  we did n't even get most of the marshall-plan and in comparison to eastern germany or infact eastern europe we got to retain most of our industry, 
  this law wo n't change , and its not controversial , this case is not the one using the `` do n't insult a foreign leader '' law, 
  if you compare teenage pregnancies in countries with extensive sex ed to countries with less sex ed there is a clear difference, 
  wait really ? 
  can i get a link to a country where raping non-muslim women is not illegal but raping muslim women is ? 
  because that sure as hell is interesting, 
   if you arrive on boat you are banned for 5 ( or even more ) years from applying for asylum in the eu , so we can finally stop baiting people into drowning . 
    proper border controls on the outer borders , with a join state police/military force . 
    asylum requests are processed on the border at entering , you either stay in the holding area while it 's done or you are banned . 
  that was indeed the first plan that germany had ( along with quotas ) , it was however rejected by member states because they did n't want to give up national control of borders etc. 
  in order to make it happen  illegals crossing from turkey get deported to turkey , illegals crossing from morocco get deported to morocco , etc. 
  this is n't possible unless those countries aggree to it , or we invade them i guess, 
  its how that always works , describe them as a mass without a face , instead of individuals , then sprinkle in a lot of negative things about them and it becomes very easy for people to say that kind of stuff . 
  first u need to desensitize them , its frightening how easy it is for humans , to then do the most unspeakable things, 
  sadly that seems to be the only consensus all eu countries can come to , to fuck over greece . 
  i personally find that highly disgusting, 
   the suspect is probably ` german ' in the newspeak meaning of the word . 
  what else is that supposed to mean then ? 
  but everything points towards it not beeing a terror attack , it points towards him not even beeing muslim , so none of those points stand ... 
  people like him ( ethnic germans ) , are still the majority in the country , sooooo idk what should we do ? 
  you are n't one of those death to germany guys are you ? 
  me : `` ah lets wait and see for more information to come out , maybe this this is all just people jumping to conclusions too early ''  paul h. has no migration background , also only one of the witnesses claims he shouted anything while all others deny that claim me : `` yup ... just as i thought '', 
  a `` nachrichtensperre '' is them not releasing any further information ( the police etc. 
  that is ) until they know whats going on , the newsmedia is still free to write whatever they want, 
  seems like this was n't a muslim terrorist attack either , so one more point for germany vs radical islam i guess ? 
  `` atleast its germans killing germans not fucking terrorists ! '', 
  well all of his grandparents were german , is that good enough for you or should the arierpass go back even further in your opinion ? 
  i think he , like me is getting pretty tired on beeing shit on for beeing german/not rightwing aswell as all the misinformation about germany that is here on reddit , 
   yeah so his family came here once , i mean my family also came here once , like a couple hundred/thousand years ago probably sooo i fail to see your point . 
  one of his 4 all german grandparents might have been called hans , however his name is paul , so not the hans kind, 
  and it turns out the perpetrator was a white drug addict that probably does n't have any connections to islam , but the train is already going full speed collision course !, 
  one of them seems to already have been an afd voter since he was the only one that claimed it had anything to do with islam or that he shouted allahu akbar , while all other witnesses said that he did n't shout allahu akbar, 
  apparently it does n't , only one of the witnesses claims he shouted allahu akbar , the other refute that . 
  and apparently the guy was german , not migrationbackground going back as far as his grandparents , he apparently was a drug addict aswell as someone with mental problems . 
  seems like you and everyone else in this thread that jumped so fast at this were all incorrect , 
  looking at hofer ( maybe their new president ) it might be the other way around/them forcing us take them them !, 
  well you are probably right , op seems like the kind of person to not read the articles and then shout something about germany not punishing evil economic migrants enough based on the headline, 
  depends on how the whole brexit thing goes, 
  no , not punishing people you do n't have proof against is justice , doing the opposite would be unjust , therefor there is justice, 
  because he is currently awaiting deportation , why would he be deported if he had legitimate reasons ? 
  lol i am against german policy with italy and greece but you did fuck all to help them , france and italy were the two countries that tried to pose as intermediates while the uk did n't do anything and a whole lot of the eu wanted the deal to be even worse for greece, 
  the uk took about 2-3 years longer than us to return to pre 2008 levels of gdp , we had massive growth right afterwards and then slowed down while the uk went slow and steady for most of it , so every since the big crash they have n't even grown that much more than us, 
  also atleast here in germany the afd are dismantling themselfs , with another set of infighting , and the party maybe moving even further to the right ( for the second time ) , and people like bernd h\u00f6cke going crazy ...
