  is not a thing but a conspiracy theory . 
  first started as `` cultural bolschevism '' in 20 's weimar bei the nsdap , it is described as a plot by the jews to undermine western culture and people using communism , to weaken and destroy them . 
  but the complainers are still part of her party , and she is unable to control them , not only that , but do n't forget that getting direct mandates can be important those cdu/csu candidates will be less likely to get voted for . 
  they are not going to get rid of her , but they are openly critisizing her which makes her look weak and unstable and her whole messages this campaign will once again be stability . 
  i fundementally disaggree i do n't think the current situation , backlash from her own party , aswell as her party voting 70 + % against a very popular law ( even amongst cdu party members , so even conservatives were in favour of it ) , does look like coming out on top at all . 
  the spd took a bad situation , merkel getting rid of gay marriage as an issue , and turned it around in their favour . 
  80 % are in favour , 70 + % of the cdu , and merkel herself voted against it , the spd pushed it through against cdu member protest ( when voting about wether or not to vote on it ) , the csu and some cdu members started openly criticising merkel , idk how that can be a positive thing ? 
  an article in our constitution protects marriage from beeing gotten rid of , this does not exist for civil unions . 
  that is still a very clear difference , yes the current constitutional court rules in favor of it using different articles but the protection is not nearly the same . 
  also does n't have constitutional protection , parliament could just decide that it is n't a thing anymore . 
  and gay marriage only happened because of strong coalition for it for years and because merkel fucked up . 
  it defenitely was an accident . 
  her plan was to delay voting until after the election , but make this a non-issue because of her statement , the vote right now could be somewhat damaging , 80 + % of germans are in favour of it , yet only ca 26 % of her party voted for it , with her herself voting against it and a lot of stupid ( and to be expected ) statements by the csu and more conservative parts of the cdu . 
  if she had wanted a vote on it she would n't have made her statement so late , this was literally the last day the could 've voted on it so it was super unlikely that they would push for it , infact schulz originally did n't even plan on doing so . 
  this was the one time her opponents got the better of her , with parts of her party openly critizising her which looks really bad b4 an election . 
  cultural marxism , started as cultural bolschewism during weimar/nazi germany , was the idea that marxists ( usually jews behind it back then , do n't know if thats still the case now ) , try to undermine western civilisation and culture and ultimately destroy it out of their hate for ... western culture and capitalism . 
  i mean rule of law seems a pretty strong value , not following a deal that was signed by everyone and voted on by the majority seems to be something sancitonable , no ? 
   it does n't actually make you poorer , you still earn money even if you work for a relatively low wage . 
  compared to a french system . 
  what i am arguing is , that the german way of doing things compared to the french one has resulted in much higher poverty . 
  all other parties are for it , it was only ever blocked because the smaller coalition partner of the cdu/csu always had to sign the coalition treaty and was forbidden from not going with the cdu/csu on this . 
  all other parties , but especially the greens made gay marriage a priority , the greens stood strong on it and soon the fdp and spd followed , this could be positive pr for them in the upcoming election against merkel who was still blocking it despite a majority of her own party ( but not her sister party ) beeing for it . 
  merkel tried to diffuse the issue by making it seem like it will happen anyways after the election , the spd saw this as a chance and pressed for a vote now claiming merkels statement makes it okay for them to go against the cdu/csu despite the coalition contract . 
  thats why its happening so fast right now , because if it happens any later it will be too late for the election and merkel would 've just gotten rid of that problem , but a vote now will make her party look bad . 
  i completely disaggree with you , merkel wanted to make it a non issue in the upcoming election by making it sound like it will happen anyways after the election . 
  she defenitely did n't want a vote now since that will make a couple of her party members look really bad/stupid . 
  however the rethoric she used to try and make this a non-issue gave the spd an opening to press for a vote right now . 
  so yea i would defenitely argue that this was a defeat for merkel . 
  because up until merkel made that statement her party wanted to block a vote on gay marriage and as part of the coalition treaty the spd has to fall in line . 
  but after the statement they could use it as a reason to press for a vote . 
  give them time , i remember protests against sex ed in school which went full on crazy . 
  this just happened so fast they could n't organise yet , they are not completely nonexistent sadly . 
  no the greens relentlessly pressed for it , and got the fpd to join , then the spd saw an opportunity to put merkel under pressure and also joined in . 
  following that merkel tried to diffuse the issue for the upcoming election by taking a more neutral stance on it , hearing that the spd argued that pressing for a vote would no longer be a breach of the coalition contract because merkel and her party schanged their stance , eventhough merkel defenitely did n't want a vote right now since it will look bad most likely . 
  this was clearly a loss for merkel . 
  that statement can be very accurate , not in that it should or should n't be a big deal , but in the fact that merkel has used civil unions to divert heat from the topic and that many germans do n't feel super strongly about it ( while still beeing in favour of it ) , because of gay marriage . 
  as an `` is '' statement about the german voters mindsets and their reason why it seems accurate , as an `` ought '' statement i fundementally disaggree with it . 
  poverty is rising at the same time , while poverty in france kept beeing mostly stagnant at a level germany now exceeded . 
  even if they never reenter the job market , france with its much lower employment has less people living in poverty than germany , so why should entering the job market be a good thing if all it does is making your poorer . 
  working for workings sake does n't sound that great . 
  to make ops point a bit stronger , while france has lower unemployment than germany , germany has far higher poverty rates aswell as inequality rates . 
  what is the reason for work , if not to put you out of poverty ? 
  why ? 
  ohh i know you were n't serious , but i also know people actually believe stuff like that so i just wanted to point out the reason as to why it is something thats not worthy to be scared of , rather than just a funny comment !, 
  ( not that i disliked your comment ), 
  the likelyhood is extremely tiny ( tho it theoretically excists ) , in a physics class we determined how often ( in a relativistic system of reference ) particles with a high enough energy hit particles in our orbit , that their overall energy will be as big as the energy of the two particles hitting eachother in cern . 
  and the amount is fucking high as fuck , like cern does n't come even close to as many hits per second . 
  so if you are scared of cern creating a black hole , that chance is not even a fraction to the chance of one just randomly appearing because space particles hit earth particles !, 
  poor british people ... 
  old russo-german women still wear headscarfs in my hometown . 
  nah that was about relieving stres off of border countries because at the time she thought if we did that we could protect our borders more strongly ( which is impossible when the border countries are in chaos ) , and built sites in neighbouring countries to process refugees . 
  but countries like poland tried to block basically everything including a strong frontex which she wanted to use to protect borders ... 
  you are confusing macron with melenchon , melenchon adopted talking points that were voted for . 
  thats a bit rich coming from pis , but whatever i aggree that macrons way was too straightforward, 
   why does merkel continue on beating the dead horse that is the `` refugee distribution issue '' ? 
  why do you think its merkel ? 
  those member states signed that they would take in a certain amount of refuggees i do n't think it sets a good precident if they can just back out of aggreed upon legislation . 
  arianespace is fully private , esa in many ways acts similiar to a private company . 
  its mixed public/private , but it funcitons as a private company . 
  is n't esa and ariannespace technically private ? 
  they were having a 40 % + marketshare until this year ( the biggest ) , so hopefully beeing behind for a couple years will not be too damaging and they can come back, 
  the labour reforms might have been good , but the cutting of social security and taxes at the exact same time were retarded . 
  german inequality and poverty have risen more than ever , we even got scolded by the eu for it . 
  same for putin iirc . 
  this is almost as bad as when they attacked our radio station , is it time for retaliation boys ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  the university was set up in the first place by soros , thats why it excists , and before it existed it could n't have made money by its amazing economics department . 
   because hungary is in dire need of people with a degree such as the university also had one of the top 5 economics departments in the entirety of europe , nice how you miss that fact tho ... 
  ahh i thought the time period after ww1 up to like a decade ago was pretty mercenary free and everything else was full of mercenaries , but i guess i 'm uninformed , i know about the gigantic use of mercenaries b4 that tho !, 
  was just supposed to be a mgs4 reference tbh my dude . 
  idk it seems that while mercenaries were super active in ye olden times , during the time after ww2 they had a much less active role and are just now getting back on their game again . 
  oh i aggree , that would be indirect help ( as in indirect to the individual ) , i was talking about direct help , economic propserity in africa is one of the most important things that need to happen , especially b4 climate change hits in full force . 
  well i did aggree with your first two points so yes , the second a proper channel is created get rid of anyone trying a different way unless there are extraordinary circumstances that allow it ( like a russian flying into the eu and revealing he is hunted by their secret service or something ) . 
  and ofcourse there needs to be a lot more investment into these countries , infact the biggest reason for the whole crisis to start was that refuggee camps in the middle east were running out of money and therefor out of food/water . 
  so i aggree with you on pretty much everything else , i just think we need to be clear that there needs to be a proper way , not only to be pragmantic ( in that it relieves stress from the border controlls etc. 
  ) , but also because some people desserve assylum , and they should be helped while everyone else should n't , atleast not directly . 
  hmm too bad ... 
  maybe after the next election it will get better ? 
  are pis still that popular ? 
  or could a returning tusk do anything ? 
  a lot of people say that afghanistan is not safe , they explain this e.g. 
  with the fact that the german part of afghanistan has actually become more violent than it used to be when we arrived , and if at the beginning it was n't deemed a safe country then saying it is safe now seems weird to a lot of people . 
  so basically your three points amount to `` do n't take anyone '' . 
  i disaggree slightly , point 1 and 2 are fine , but for point 3 i would say : add registration centers outside the eu , actual refuggees will then be transported from these centers into the eu once everything has been thoroughly checked . 
  this will make it so that there is an actual way for actual refuggees to get to the eu which means that those that even have a chance will try the official route and not put more pressure on borders which will make point 1 and 2 easier aswell as harsher enforcements of 1 and 2 possible . 
  war ... war has changed ... edit : reference : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=buf_8jyxbim, 
  die linke actually took in a huge part of the leftwing of the spd , since those people left the party after schr\u00f6der moved them them rightwards unto the center, 
  social-democrat but they move a lot to the right , infact they are responsible for one of the ( maybe even the biggest ) biggest tax cuts for the rich in german history . 
  and in general have not campaigned on a policy such as this in recent times . 
  so yes its big news , maybe they finally wake up and move back a bit more leftwards again . 
  yup , funnily enough that was merkels plan a year ago , redistribution to get strain off of border countries to be able to sort border shit out , aswell as non-eu registration centers aswell as deals with north african countries to make sure we can send every boat back . 
  but that whole plan already stopped at the first stage , so ... 
  i 100 % aggree , we need to fund them aswell as set up registration centers in libya/other non-eu countries , so that we can sort out the desserving from the undesserving asylum seekers before they ever enter the eu . 
   yeah , i mean , is n't the legal thing to do in that situation just taking them back to libya or tunesia ( whichevers closer ) , rather than giving them a lift to greece ? 
  nope , those places are sovereign countries , you ( sadly ) ca n't just offload everyone there , especially not italian marine as that would be an act of war . 
  he was very good on anything to do with international stuff/german reunification/eu , however on domestic policy he was extremely slow to react . 
  was that an actual advertisement or am i just misremembering it ? 
  it is very interesting , yes . 
  there are two problems here , firstly judges ruled constantly in favour of the far right , since they were from the kaiserreich , leading to minimal prison sentences like hitler getting 1 year for an attemtped coup . 
  so while in theory they excisted their enforcement was lackluster .
