  and is it any better ? 
  no it is stupid ... 
  oh whoops i just now noticed you could interpret the ... in a negative way , probably the only reason i even got upvotes !, 
  i personally aggree with having a positive impact , well more than a negative atleast . 
  greece had quite a few decent solutions . 
  also b4 sch\u00e4uble fucked them over they had quite a big load of improvement , with something like 500 % the growth that it had under the euro-rule . 
  but then sch\u00e4uble came in and was like : `` it is going to be exactly how i want it , eventhough almost every economist in the world has at this point already stated that how i want it is not achieveable or realistic , but we will do it soo anyways '' so yea , do n't see what much they could have gotten from him ... 
  iirc merkel literally said he was free to do whatever he wants , and that she will manage other stuff , because she thinks he is capable sooo yea ... 
  really ? 
  iirc b4 the war they were weirdly positive , calling him the oppossition against communism and all that shit o_o britain and america used to be supportive of him , which is ... kinda disgusting becaues as you rightfully point out one should have been disgusted at his speeches, 
  yes their list is impact but they say her impact was positive ... 
  they have democratic power because we live in a representative democracy , dont just forget that whenever its convenient, 
  oh yea because the evil germans will try to control you subhumans again , because we are inherently bad and hate all life that is n't pure aryan german ... 
  i kinda enjoy anal once in a while !, 
  but is defenitely that german mindset about needing to have everything in order that prevents a lot of people i know from having a child ( and i do n't think its particularly stupid or anything , kids are expensive and you do n't want shit to get fucked up ) , to change this you need to make having a child more affordable and actually help bring stability to your life . 
  also a big thing would be that there are not enough kindergardens and places to take care of babies and stuff , this leads to women beeing expected to just quit their career/life for the first few years after having a child which is fucking stupid ... 
  ofcourse he does n't , do you really think he knows what he 's talking about ? 
  he saw a guy working for the eu having a german name so it must be the anti-christ lol, 
  because countries were joining unions , that give free movement etc. 
  which needs a lot of cooperation , in order to achieve that , they signed stuff to give more power to institutions to manage stuff on a more central level . 
  then once those institutions do stuff , they cry out about their sovereignity , which is a stupid thing to do right after you signed the contracts that gave those powers to those institutions ... 
  but if fn etc. 
  are wrong because their easy solutions wo n't work or whatever , then why would you do what they want to do just so people do n't vote for them if , in your eyes and based on your analysis it would the wrong thing to do ? 
  that does n't make any sense at all ... 
  they do tho , the csu blames the eu a lot for romanians existing and all that stuff, 
  and we need to remind ourselfs that every country is a part of this , every countries has acted close minded/anti cooperation in one of the crisies in the last years , its really sad :(, 
  but that did n't happen because atleast for geece could n't handle it anymore , there were gigantic numbers coming for months already at that point in time , and greece was in deep financial troubles , they already warned they would n't be able to deal with it . 
  but as always , aslong as it is n't ones direct problem people do n't want to act . 
  ask any greek , greece was already warning they 'd collapse under the amounts of refuggees months before merkel made any statement , it is madness to actually believe all of this only started happening because of germany like you seem to do lol, 
  that one yea !, 
  there was a realy funny article by thomas fischer about it , worth checking out , 
  that would be pretty funny !, 
  now we only need to find the equivalent to back in the day germany in the islamic world :0, 
  u know that the whole mosque story was made up , right ? 
  no , but you ca n't just do shit without having mechanism or laws for them , and if you want laws they need to be general ... you ca n't just start doing weird shit , it would get the german public crazy, 
  it is not prohibited , it is just treated like a cult , meaning it does n't get the special benefits `` real '' religions get . 
  you could make studying at university to be an imam a thing they have to do before they can become an imam , like it is for christian priests right now ( atleast here in germany you could ), 
  indeed !, 
  and i think almost everyone aggrees with that , in germany i.e. 
  the antifa does do pretty large actions against salafists aswell , as they see them as fascists like the nazis they also protest !, 
  it is pretty interesting to see . 
  ( note that antifa is not one big organisation there are a ton of different groups ), 
  we had a 2 hour discussion on tv recently here in germany , where 4 grown man constantly cried about how they would be called racist and how you ca n't say certain things , right before saying those exact things without any backlash ... 
  it was really weird to see lol, 
  thats exactly what i want !, 
  and thankfully we are atleast slowly getting there , you can now finally study to be an imam in germany ( like you can to be a catholic priest etc. 
  ) , so thats one small step in the righ direction !, 
  well its been that exact message on this sub towards muslims for months now , 
  then they should donate money or the church should set up a scheme were all followers have to pay , having the government give money to the church with +20 % of the people not having an opt-out is stupid and fucked up for a secular country ... 
  good , there should n't be any double standards , no help for any religion !, 
  its just that there was one polish dude that literally said that to me , and how should i get the joke if i do n't know the source material ? 
  you think the us would help poland in this case ? 
  thats quite optimistic xd or are you that one guy that thinks the us wants poland to become the new leading power/powerhouse of the eu because the germans were such naughty boys ? 
  no austrians were actually hugely supportive even b4 the anschluss and were very enthusiastic after it aswell , the whole `` austria was the first victim of the nazis '' lie was kept alive by your right wing idiots for a while , but i thought u got rid of that in the 80s . - . 
  maybe they wanted to set themselfs apart from our nordic friends d =, 
  its how its done and muslims apparently accept it , idk why but thats how it works in austria ... 
  ofcourse they have n't , the police in germany seems to have trouble seeing with one of their two eyes , 
  like with the nsu where they suspected it to be immigrants all along for years even tho their v-m\u00e4nner already told the verfassungsschutz that is was right wing terrorists , and they just let the v-m\u00e4nner continue giving money and support to the terrorists ... 
  i honestly do n't see the problem with halal food in super markets , its almost exactly the same with the one difference beeing that they have a cassette recording or an actual muslim say a prayer before the stunned animal is beeing killed ... 
  it is more variety and it offers muslims a place to buy their food where everyone else goes to aswell , i really see no reason to be upset about this . - . 
  this food is stunned before beeing killed tho ... and it was considered okay by muslims , but some hatefull idiots got it removed , literally not helping anybody ... 
  you can stay after we take over , i like you , 
  they usually have a true core to it ( they pblish their sources and other stuff you can look it up if you want ) and then go to extremes with it or do some crazy shit with it , because thats how satire works , if they only exactly word for word read the news to you what would be the point in making satire ? 
  i mean you were hugely supportive of the anschluss and the f\u00fchrer aswell back in the day , and do n't forget that you had your own fascists in power before we came down , so do n't throw with stones while sitting in a glas house !, 
  again ? 
  when was the last time they saved europe from germany o_o i mean you could argue they helped a lot with our defeat in wwi , thanks to incompetence of the austro hungarians , but thats literally the only thing i can think about . - . 
  the afghani president literally came to germany 2 days ago to get this thing working , why would whatever shit pakistan does then even be relevant ? 
  yea i aggree !, 
  i mean , lets be honest here , we did n't really make stuff that much better , sure for a short time yes , but then we fucked up a lot and it returned to the original state ... 
  sure , but now lets come back to reality where they already said yes , okay ? 
  both sides lie , which is fucked up . 
  we should just have an honest conversation , but it seems that both the pro immigration side aswell as the anti-immigration side ( countless stories of that kind have already been proofen wrong , among the stories that were shown to be wrong , were multiple rape accusations , multiple accusations of increased theft etc. ), 
  try to use everything they can to get people on their side , which is simply not really okay : /, 
  deported usually , its just not that the number is all that high so the deporting figures are n't that high . 
  probably from official sources , idk about estonia but germany is actually cheking if they are syrians , having official interpreters with them in the room , looking at the language and asking about local geographie and news , if they do n't know the answers they are fucked . 
  and thats one case , it could very well be that your case was the only case of this happening in estonia ever ... 
  and that only since recently , during the greek crisis she was heralded as the savior of europe lol, 
  nah do n't worry , fusion energy is relatively safe , we wo n't get ourselfs killed , 
  yea w7-x is not the optimal form , however it is good enough that the expected loss of plasma is about as big as with a tokamak which is pretty awesome , since that was the big upside of tokamaks !, 
  another important thing however is the size of iter , scaling everything up sounds easy , but can actually be really weird and difficult , especially when it comes to fusion . 
  thats why you constantly heard that fusion is only 15 years away , it always actually looks like that , and then somethign weird/crazy happens and we find out that we actually have no idea how shit works , then we figure that out and then something new happens , and scaling up could result in some fairly weird shit . 
  so its not like iter is compeltely useless because technology has moved on , it allows us to test how things work on a bigger scale !, 
  a functioning stellarator would be so much better than a tokamak !, 
  not having to turn that thing on and of every 10 seconds helps with that , 
  rightwing extremist conspiracy nuts , like quite a few poles that attended that rally it seems , 
  no they say the evil jews that control the world , want to bring muslim refuggees into europe , to destroy europe because thats just how jews roll !, 
  you have no idea of merkel then , do you ? 
  and it wouldnt concern turkey ? 
  they took more than all of europe combined , if we want a deal then we will have to take a few ( which we pick ourselfs do n't forget these will be actual refuggees ) , compared to right now , where just everyone walks whereever they want !, 
  because you can pick the ones coming in ? 
  and you can plan ahead when and where they come in ? 
  that is one of the most important things in dealing with any crisis , beeing able to plan ahead !, 
  wasnt banned at all, 
  i mean it is really hard to find any sense in that book , its almost complete horseshit tbh haha and its not planned , the copyright just expires 70 years after the authors death !, 
  voting for die linke here , they have nutjobs but do n't seem as dangerous as the far right , and they 've actually done a decent job at beeing an opposition ( they actually ask hard questions and do n't just stay quiet and aggree like the greens i.e. 
  ) , rightwing parties as far as i 've seen have n't made a good opposition yet , so die linke to try and get the opposition stronger so they government will be more honest ( like die linke voted all for net neutrality and were very good at speaking up for it , the problem is that with a grand coalition the cdu and spd did n't really give a shit sadly ) , but hopefully not actually getting elected haha, 
  thats what i said tho , there seems to currently be no good alternative , the spd does n't desserve the name , her own party is full of idiots and sch\u00e4uble ( who i severly dislike and who 's handling of the greece crisis left a lot to be desired ) , afd etc. 
  would never get my vote , just look at the propaganda they are spewing , and die linke has too many nutjobs ( while some good people mixed in ) , so while i do n't want merkel , there does n't seem to be an alternative ... yea merkel government with a opposition that can actually challenge her would be the best i think . 
  thomas de maizere to me looks more like a puppet that speaks out so that older members with aspirations do n't have to get killed off by her lol they will never follow him against merkel !, 
  not at all , that is mostly csu barking out a bit and some cdu critizising her , but you should not forget that refuggee ( eventhough on this sub it might seem so ) is not the only thing thats currently going on , and on most issues she has the full support of her party behind her , like they voted 100 % with her on internet laws and stuff , which was mostly done to show that they stand together so it would n't be too bad if she gets critizised over one issue !,
