  lol, 
  what they are currently doing is actually way different from causing random havoc tho ... 
  waaiiit why is it austrian lunacy now ? 
  o_o atleast give us all the credits !, 
  germany is ignoring the 3 % rule because they try to get under the 60 % gdp debt limit , which has actually been a pretty big deal in germany for the longest time , most governments have tried to get under it . 
  the reason we broke the 60 % rule was because of reunification , no other european country did something as big as that , this is the reason we were in soo much debt and had to cut a lot of public spending ... people are oversimplyfying this and leave out important things ... 
  i am not saying that what germany currently does is right , but i also do n't want people to just ignore facts in order to attack germany ... 
  well ... she kinda did that because otherwise the german citizens would n't have wanted to pay the bail-out bill ... we invested the most of any nation into europe , not only in the bail-out but also things like cern and other european prjects germany is paying the most !, 
  ( germany pays for 20 % of cerns expenses while only beeing one of 21 member states ) . 
  i am not saying what germany is doing is right , however its not as easy as people make it out to be ... 
  the problem with that is , that the increase in wages in some european countries ( southern countries for the most part ) was actually getting higher than their increase in gdp . 
  this over many years makes it pretty unsustainable ... 
  so two things , first germany wants to lead by example , just saying ohh dont do this because the others are doing it anyways will never lead to change . 
  second thing , during summer france has to take a lot of their nuclear power plants off the grid , they would otherwise overheat lakes and rivers and kill a lot of stuff , so they have problems with their energy and need to import german energy during the summer . 
  so during winter , germany imports and during summer france imports , so relying soooo heavily on nuclear does n't seem to be perfect either . 
  also if you look at it , germany overall exports more energy than it imports . 
  those two are general misconceptions so i hope i helped clear them up :d have a nice day , 
  germans get angry because basically the state always builds the power plants ( those are insanely expensive and no german energy company has build one of their own , infact i do n't know of many nuclear power plants that have been build without the state helping anywhere in the world ) , so they see it as additional cost for the taxpayer while the energy company runs away with the profit , they think that if the taxpayer has to pay then he might aswell pay for green energy . 
  also a few centuries is still a lot of time to fuck up , german energy companies have repedeately proven they are utterly incompetent when it comes to waste , sometimes just throwing the waste containers into the storage place which led to damage to like 70 % of them which are then leaking into the ground water , germans think that human error especially over a long time period will cause loads of trouble . 
  germany is not actually burning more coal , they are exporting less energy and using more of it for energy at home , the new coal power plants are there to replace old ones , these will be more enviromental friendly , and while i aggree that we should get rid of coal , germany is still one of the leading european ( and iirc . 
  even world wide ) countries for reaching the kyoto protocol numbers ... 
  so we are overall doing pretty good . 
  also if you planned to bring the whole germany has to buy energy from france thing later ... let me just stop you here , infact that happens during winter yes !, 
  but during summer france has to take a huge number of their nuclear power plants off the grid , otherwise they would overheat the lakes and rivers and would kill a lof of animals etc. 
  ( can also result in river water becoming extremely poisonious because of the fauna changes etc ) , so during summer they actually import energy from germany . 
  and if you look at overall energy germany is actually an exporter rather than an importer :d, 
  well we have seen what companies did with them lol ... also , a lot of germans i know are angry because the tax payer also pays for nuclear energy plants as those are just soooo damn expensive to build that the state builds them and then gives them to companies , they basically think : if the taxpayer is going to pay for it , then why not something more green ? 
  weirdly enough i do n't know nearly anything about the hoff ... 
  i think the current exchange students aswell as me are a generation or more too late for that lol, 
  wasnt there this huge thing aboit several eu states ( i only remember greece right now ) showing fake stats ? 
  yes because unions were pushing for job security instead of higher wages for a long time , we germans really really like security which is one of the main reasons we didnt get fucked over in 2008 as bad as southrrn coubtries , their wages increased at an unsustainable rate . 
  nowadays unions push for higher wages again as we do feel pretty secure after fighting for this security and regulations for a decade . 
  only 2 days ago i explained this to u in a really lenghty post , going into detail about the motivations etc. 
  but i guess u choose to forget that !, 
  100 % aggree !, 
  im just saying we shouldnt forget that there infact is bias !, 
  to a lesser degree , well i 'm talking about schools because those are a part in your life where you can easily be forced into a specific line of thinking . 
  2/3rds of our history class , and a lot of other classes are about weimar republik ( how it turned out so bad and a lot of other stuff , there is soooo much detail and i wo n't this to be atleast postable but if you want i can go into detail on everything in another post ) , ww2 with the nazis , life under the nazis , what bad shit the nazis did and a lot more , and then post ww2 how different factions tried to get germany into a `` good '' place differently how that all works and during all of that there is some discussion about humans in general , how we think how we act etc. 
  my point is , that while you have a good teacher ( like i did for most of it ) there will be lots of thoughtfull discussion and interesting points of view will be brought up , because he sees his students as beeing capable of thinking for themselfs . 
  if you have a bad teacher tho ( like i did for one year ) you will be indoctrinated with it , thinking outside exactly what the text says is basically beeing a nazi yourself etc. 
  and quite frankly there are more bad than good teachers our there . 
  so large chunks of the german public have been indoctrinated that germany is the worst at ever leading and that inside we are basically horrible human beeings that when given the chance will try to kill everyone . 
  germany should never be in any position of leadership and germany should enver be proud of beeing germany , if you get indoctrinated with that from a very young age it can understandably be really really hard for you to want more military power and more active leadership of germany , the whole ww2 fear complex gets even worse !, 
  btw that does n't mean that people like me do n't acknowledge our past , i too do n't want germany to become this big giant leader , i want us to help , and i think because of our past which exists so we have to deal with it , we even have the responsibility to help so we should increase our military spending to a point where we are not useless like right now . 
  you will always have to live with your past , and my big problem with leading is that i do n't want any big nationalism to start again , that has been the reason for a lot of horrible shit starting from the early 19th century , 
  i meant in school , the whole whole forced burial thing is understandable , even the whole school focus as i explained later is understandable and even good if you have a good teacher !, 
  no i meant they were at the time taking actions in order to make those plans happen  . < sorry english is n't my first language so i soemtimes fuck up !, 
  the british empire constantly tried to control europe through traties and getting people mad at each other etc. 
  they did this so that the european countries negated each other so the empire could focus more on its colonies !, 
  they played ther european nations against each other and this was the result , ofcourse its not all their fault , and it is not like the european nations werent atleast aware of it , but again the empire was n't just dragged into this , they played a major role at every step !, 
  ohh wow , that is actually a nice simplification that is fairly accurate !, 
  good job , and yes i have to aggree :d, 
  well that is stuff i already know :d but thanks anyways :p, 
  :( well it was nearly perfect :d also that is awesome , lol if you ever care to visit germany let me know i 'll try to help you if at all possible < 3, 
  ahh okay , thanks for the information , also , you are waay less angry than i feared :d nice not getting yelled at on reddit < 3, 
  ahh interesting , thank you :d i always heard that the us and russia each along have enough to easily wipe out all human life multiple times , so how many do you think would actually be neccessary to wipe out russia ( humanity arent the 300-400 enough to get rid of russia if they attack ? ), 
  note this is actually a serious question !, 
  actually , that was what the kaiser believed at the time , which was why he tried to stop them sending troops to the west . 
  it turns out that britain had already pre war determined their plans on how to deal with germany and was very much in favour of aggression , the whole britain just got sucked in thing is actually kinda wrong aswell ... 
  sorry brits i hope you will forgive me :(, 
  hope so too ... 
  i do n't want us to be the big military leaders unless we absolutely have to , but this is just insulting and disgusting :( i know i do n't always aggree with you , but i 'd like to believe that in the end we all want the same thing , peace and stability and it defenitely should also be germany taking part in that to an bigger extend ( eventhough we did quite a lot for europes stability ... and b4 i get flamed , i know we kinda fucked up a bit and did n't dooo as much as we could , but we still did a lot ) . 
  well we kinda get indoctrinated with it , to the point where even i do n't want us to take up too much spotlight/lead too far , but i ( and quite a few other germans ) do understand that we have to take some responsibility and help if we can ... ( btw iirc . 
  the whole german guilt complex teaching in school was started thanks to americans ... 
  but im not saying it is completely wrong , there are many really interesting and thoughtfull discussions to be had during the pre ww2 and post ww2 and during ww2 topics , which i do n't think i would have had otherwise . 
  it lead me to have more understanding , to be better at critical thinking and to have a more nuanced view of how things work , however this is only possible if you have a good/great teacher which i was fortunate enough to do , however i fear that many german teachers wo n't have good discussions and give food for thought but instead just indoctrinate it into children , because they are just bad teachers , like anywhere else in the world ), 
  just saying reich doesnt mean country , the third reich is the third and not the fourth , because you do n't count the weimar republik as a reich . 
  reich means empire and you usually need some kind of dictator/kind/kaiser etc. 
  are some really reich-like policies to justify naming something reich , so there have been 3 german empires/reiche so far , the other forms of german all do n't count as a reich , 
  dont forget the british and the french pressing germany and austria to a very scary place ... 
  there are soo many people at fault its unreal lol , its really really fucking complicated , but thats also what makes it kinda interesting aswell as ww2 , it is n't as easy as people always think it is :p i would say that overall extremist nationalism is at fault :d, 
  and that is were we are right now lol there was a point in time were none of our helicopters were capable to fly , that was quite the joke !, 
  while i do n't want germany to be the global leader in most things i atleast want us to be able to help lol, 
  they thought we produce a lot of cars ? 
  let the tanks roll !, 
  german and austrian chemist are amongst world leaders !, 
  think of the applications !!, 
  we also have some really really good physicist tbh . 
  most of them do n't get enough credit  . < whoever picks an actually fight with germany , thinking they are totally weak , will be in for a surprise . 
  crush us within weeks or be goose stepped upon :d or something like this ? 
  i personally are closer to the pacifistic side than whatever you want to call the other one , but i have no doubts that we could still deal out quite a punch if we really wanted and needed too ... 
  but at the same time , they can be very united against '' a common enemy '' while i do n't think it is as bad as the author says ( he is kind of a crazy person ) , i do however think that some stuff has been very biased in the past , and i want us to try our best to not go further into that direction , 
  that is true , however that does n't make is point completely invalid . 
  beeing german and reading our journalism you can easily see the bias in it ... 
  it could be worse , waaay worse actually , but i do n't want it to get even close to that point , so even now , when it not entirely horrible yet , we should strife to make it better , 
  when did they do that ? 
  during the crisis german banks were instructed to give `` bad loans '' so that other banks and ecnomies would n't completely fall apart iirc . 
  and i honestly thought there were pretty strict regulations for german banks investing . 
  i always thought that england and france would have enough to destroy basically half the globe ... 
  i guess i must have been wrong , can you find the numbers ? 
  im on phone right now  tyvm :d, 
  as far as i know no , they are just a bit regulated so they do n't invest into anything shady like the housing bubble  so they did n't invest into shady things ( as much ) which is why were n't hit as hard , maybe you heard that and confused it ? 
  hmm ... are you german ?? 
  you use the american flag , but you said usw . 
  which atleast to me as a german means und so weiter which is synomyous with etc. 
  lol no problem , 
  i aggree with u , we should be expanding our military , no matter our history we have a responsibility and a job to do , and u know wat if we do it while not liking it and not getting too proud/patriotic , thats even better that means we are less likely to do some really stupid shit !!, 
  i was just trying to show that it wasnt as easy as germany telling austria : you good to go , try killing as many as possible so we can have a nice war !, 
  it way far more complicated than that . 
  and the whole fleet thing was due to him beeing a romantic idiot , and as a nationalistic person phantisizing about german status and therefor dreaming about colonies ...
