  i think you need to learn to read . 
  that would only be the case if 1 . 
  welfare pays more than the job 2 . 
  our own economy is strong enough to deal with the new demand itself , if you import all of it it does n't help number 2 only exists for a few countries ( germany included ) and number 1 is almost never true , it is however true for asylum seekers , since they have more money in germany , when they are in germany compared to when they are not, 
  i might actually get one , not sure while i have already read quite a bit of the main book out of curiousity and found it rather boring , the annotations are pretty interesting to me, 
  and poles are a minority in germany !, 
  i thought i was doing everything the textbook way :(, 
  maybe bavarian ? 
  they are basically the same, 
  still not that great : / then again we are one of the countries taking a very small hit . 
  in 2010 our gdp was already bigger than b4 the crash , afterwards the growth slowed down to 0.3 and 0.4 so this is actually a lot better !, 
  in comparison countries that took a much larger hit like the uk , only recovered later , so a lot of the growth is still the whole catching up ( uk got back to its pre crash levels in 2014 ) oh well i guess things will just keep going as always is what this means , 
  aslong as the current economy is very strong and the money will be spend on products from the country then yes . 
  and only if the unemployment pays more than they would have earned with their job , refuggees not beeing here earn 0 and therefor buy stuff for 0 but reufggees beeing here get money from the government which is more than 0, 
  this is done in germany the second they have any doubt about you, 
  who the fuck cares , we just gave them another submarine paying for 1/3 of it , and it did n't cause anything super negative , but yea this time the muslim community will be all up in arms about drones ( if it was how you initially understood it ), 
  it did ? 
  even the us was inquiring about your new government , i would n't be too sure, 
  summoning / u/jpaolo to show him what terrible terrible thing he did to his innocent countrymen :(, 
  yea and they portray germoney as some kind of bipolar society that secretly wants to rape and kill and destroy everyone and is into super weird fetish stuff , thats so much better huh ? 
  learn to take a joke, 
  those are stupid jokes , a giant part of british comedy relies on ( in my opinion generally terrible and unfunny ) stereotypes when it deals with foreigners , its all about bringing those out and using them to make jokes . 
  they have offensive stereotypes about everyone , and i bet you poles have offensive stereotypes about other countries aswell . 
  where did all that proud `` no pc bullshit '' go , when the joke is about your country ? 
  you were the eastern european country we were the proudest of , not a laughing stock . 
  when people were bringing up how the east expansion of the eu was a mistake , atleast here in germany people brought up poland as a clear example that it can work . 
  so yea not at all laughing stock . 
  its actually kinda sad the way it turned out, 
  how ? 
  i do n't remember actually forcing anything , we are just asking and trying to get the eu decide , there is nothing that warrants an economic war, 
  some of our states have a higher gdp than poland , it would n't be a smart move to try and start an economic war against us , no matter how much you think the us will love and help you , it wo n't work out, 
  what ? 
  i wan na see you trying to learn german on communicative levels in 2 weeks without having books and one german lesson every 2 weeks lol, 
  the idea might be nice , but the execution , not having a real good longterm plan , that wsa kinda sloppy, 
  its a hobby of us , do n't judge it until you try it , 
  we started one of the world wars , and no if a german is in the eu positions who 's job it is to say this stuff , then he should say this stuff and not be silenced because he is german and his dad tried to follow a failed austrian artist into death, 
   nazis will not be forgotten for a long long time . 
  in fact , history books will make sure they will never be forgotten is there any text book case of a pure evil . 
  germany is like on of the biggest countries about not forgetting the nazis , are you shitting me ? 
  but that does n't give you any excuse to silence me and my opinion simply for beeing german asshole, 
  probably a 29/32 pole seeing how strong his feelings were hurt :(, 
  austrians always gave us a casus belli , they are nice and supportive that way !, 
  uhh its basically like germany ( then again i 'm bavarian so thats kinda not like germany i guess ) , they speak funny , but nowhere near as funny as the swiss, 
  my favorite composer back when i played piano ... and you guys stole him :(, 
  as a bavarian , i 'd be on the anti-seehofer side !!!, 
  well aslong as thats not the pro-s\u00f6der side , good god if that guy is the one after seehofer i think i 'd actually miss him  . <, 
  you could say the same thing for policians from my state ... bavaria :(, 
  ca n't read it sadly , i 'd love an english translation if you have the time , 
  well no reason to make it worse ? 
  in 2007 there was such an inquiry into romania and they are doing freaking awesome right now :d, 
  we thought it was a longterm investment afterall , and we would 've gotten away with it , if it was n't for hitler and his bunch of nazi kids !!!!, 
  * shakes fist *, 
   the us even troops stationed in germany yea but thats cuz we are evil :( and the difference to poland would be , that troops in germany are seen as the status quo now , however troops in poland would be marching further towards russia , which russia would see as an act of aggression , and you know how stupid putin gets when he perceives a threat : /, 
  the thing was created in early 2014 as a response to orban soooo yea too late sorry :(, 
  i mean kristallnacht reference is a bit much , but then again its the daily mail =p but yea this is a fucking horrible event , 200 rampaging through a leftwing part of town , destroying windows , smashing cars fucking up the best kebab shop in the entire town , its a tragedy : / and the verfassungsschutz apparently already warned the police that this was about to happen ( with the date and everything ) but the police was still late to respond , good to see they are incompetent no matter what :(, 
  so you say it would have been better to make like an announcement saying : on oktober first ( or another date ) we will start looking at everything that does this and this ? 
  yea i aggree, 
  i like you , 
  they really fraking should invest a lot of this money , it would not only help the euro economy we also kinda need to upgrade a lot of our infrastructure again . 
  but i guess sch\u00e4uble is happy with his black 0, 
  this time we would have won !!!!, 
  but yea , it is an understandable reaction when you first see something like this , but that does n't mean its the correct attitude after thinking it over =p, 
  you 'd rather they never ever ever do anything because they did n't last time ? 
  if it is a good thing in principle ( which atleast i think it is ) and you did n't do it from the very start , then you have to start somewhere , no matter how unfair that might look to the ones fucking up now, 
  a big problem we should change , iirc the whole open borders thing in germany was started to get rid of some pressure on greece and make controlling borders easier while searching for a longterm solution , well ... did n't work out so great did it =p, 
  then freaking leave , honestly sometimes i do n't get this uproar ... and i say that as a super leftwing person, 
  they did , but they did n't have the same mechanics to review what a country does and not as much possibility to act on that , they sanctioned austria once b4 orban , when orban came to power and they did n't have the proper mechanics to make him not do as much bullshit ( because he was n't completely stupid ) they created the current mechanics !, 
  hope that makes sense ? 
  and they should have done that aswell , better start late than never, 
  whoops sorry , i thought because it was an open letter to us it was handled by the foreign affairs minister , will edit thanks, 
   the eu should deal with it 's own problems and seeing that poland is part of the eu , polish democracy taking a hit is an eu problem =p, 
   so every new government makes a law that makes the government capable of firing the supervisory boards of the public tv and press as they please ? 
  i thought they just recently put in place the law to make that possible , before that they were voted in by a national council iirc, 
  if the eu ca n't atleast try to let make people follow the rules it tries to set up and that they aggreed to , then its kinda useless, 
  why does it feel insulting to you , if the eu looks that a government ( especially one that you did n't vote for ) does n't fuck you over ? 
  this whole thing exists because of orban iirc . 
  ( you just ca n't apply it backwardly ) and at the time they were scared of looking too evil after what they did with austria, 
  did n't your foreign minister somehow compare the eu supervision to the ( his words ) `` nazi supervision '' that his grandfather fought against or some bullshit like that ? 
  edit : / u/dinozauur corrected me , probably was justice instead of foreign minister !, 
  but those are german diplomats , they are probably the same as tanks , have some brromsticks at home aswell , oh no how horrible :0, 
  well the problem in the us is that large parts of the economy rely on the illegals so its beneficial for the us to have them there, 
   well zdf actually proved something about itself . 
  you know which something ( nye ) that they can acknowledge when they fucked up because they treated it as a local newsstory , since they did n't know the full scale ( which is the opposite of the bbc that also did n't know the full scale but thought it was 1000 rapists , so instead of thikning the scale was smaller they thought it was waaaay larger ? ), 
  you must not read a lot of german articles , because there have been , for all of it , a ton of negative articles about how the government fucked up and how the refuggee crisis will hurt us and everything . 
  heck even the taz the most leftwing newspaper of all the newspaper in the country had an anti-refuggee opinion piece like a week after the whole refuggee crisis started so if you do n't give me sources that show that a vast majority of the media aggressively denies anything wrong with the current situation i have to call bullshit on that, 
   well the concurrent german government indeed acts like a fascist entity how ? 
  ohh yea i guess its a problem with the definition then , i 'd classify everything as far right , thats more to the right than the moderate part of the new afd ( the old afd was n't but they kicked every moderate member , so their new version of moderate used to be the right wing of the old afd and their new rightwing is kinda really crazy ), 
  there was a 13 year old child that had a disabled a father , that had the misfortune of beeing a foreigner when coming across a far right self defense group , they got beaten up pretty badly ... 
  but wouldnt the far-right to neonazis situation be more like terrorists to islamists , since the farright is the most radical part of the right , so there is kinda a difference here no ? 
  to be honest as someone that read it , you are better of listening to his speeches if you want , he expresses basically the same thing idk i felt it was hard to actually read a lot of it =p, 
  i 'd say zdf and ard are pretty decent at that , not perfect by any means ofcourse , and they can fuck up at times , but i have never come to distrust die tagesschau and their general reporting seems pretty solid . 
  i also really like the fact that they have to have anti-government stuff in their programm :d, 
  doesnt turkey like only currently care for 1/3 of the refuggees there , with canps full and no possibility to work or get help otherwise that seems like a pretty horrible situation, 
  yea no fuck that , i blame the refuggees that committed those crimes , and i blame these idiots for committing crimes , there is absoltely no excuse for anyone hurting innocent people, 
   how 's your democratic tv doing ? 
  reporting koln 5 days after it happened , when it could n't be contained anymore no actually not , the zdf fucked up but daserste reported earlier , and the other media started reporting on the first ( tho there was a lot of misinformation in that , which was probably the reason some wanted to wait , i mean just look at places like the bbc that claimed there were 1000 rapists somewhere o_o ) ( here a few of the articles : on january first : http://www.express.de/koeln/silvesternacht-hauptbahnhof--junge-frauen-sexuell-belaestigt-23251504 http://www.focus.de/regional/koeln/in-der-silvesternacht-frauen-am-koelner-hauptbahnhof-sexuell-belaestigt_id_5184802.html http://www.ksta.de/koeln/sote-belaestigung-in-der-silvesternacht,15187530,33042472.html and here a few more from january second for you to also read : http://www.sueddeutsche.de/panorama/kriminalitaet-etliche-uebergriffe-auf-frauen-zu-silvester-in-koeln-1.2803626 http://www.rp-online.de/nrw/panorama/koeln-serienweise-uebergriffe-auf-frauen-am-bahnhof-aid-1.5665055 http://www.welt.de/regionales/nrw/article150543492/fuenf-maenner-festgenommen.html note that this are n't all articles , just the first few i found by googling ) and i know where its from , nice to see that the polish fans try to actually insult us after a tragedy happened in our country , that sure shows me how much better and how right you are , 
  no , but the party basically lives to be anti-german soooooo yea ( not meaning that they hate us , but their rethorik about german influence everywhere that tries to control polish people and the western liberal horrible etc. ), 
  uhh yes ? 
  have you listened to them and their `` not a true pole '' thing during the election ? 
  he was making a kinda really crappy joke , polandball style ( if thats a term you are familiar with lol ) excuse him , he is german , he was born that way :(,
