  same here , then we also did a lot ways that people tried to proof god exists ( most of them hilariously stupid ) or critique against religion , and a lot of philosophie starting with platon ohh and we spend two lessons making fun of fundementalists in the us lol, 
   it was us that got in the way of germany fucking you at every single turn . 
  actually when it comes to economic matters and dicking over weaker countries with neoliberal policies that gave already richer countries a huge advantage , you were our biggest allies !, 
  the french were the ones who together with smaller countries stood against us , but we were able to outdo them generally, 
  is n't baw\u00fc actually richer than bavaria ? 
  we have shorter campaigns than the us so it is less an problem but i do see your point , i actually never thought about it this way !, 
  once they stop wasting money on inquiries into chemtrails , or deny climate change , or cry about traditional family values ... 
  i will still not vote for them but i atleast will be able to understand why you would ... 
  if they constantly need to be re-elected then it is n't , it would only be undemocratic if they won once and then stay president for life , but noone is arguing that i do n't think . 
  bush and iraq are the two big reasons i hear , yes , however that still does n't answer the question why italy is so different, 
  if that is so , why then is italy so incredibly positive towards the us ? 
  not saying it is good or bad , just wondering how that happens they never supported a coup here , and we are much more negative towards them, 
  he was christian , he was rightwing and a big fan andreas breivik , just because you use muslim instead of `` brown people '' does n't mean it actually has that meaning ... 
  really in my experience , with cases like the munich shooter , they jump to him beeing a muslim terrorist first before they find out what really happened, 
   groping without any violence thats not true , groping without any chance to resist or not resist due to fear was n't punished , and groping that goes on for longer in which the victim either tries to resist or does not resist because she fears something bad might happen if you do , was already illegal , thats the change !, 
  i think thats a good change btw , i 'm just trying to make it clear what is actually different !, 
   does n't lead to another wave of people excusing the behavior on nye as being the work of `` lying sluts '' another ? 
  this would be the first one i heard of . _ . 
  apparently she has done this multiple times in the past already , which makes it weirder . _ . 
  i mean you got ta see it context , in comparison they were the better guys, 
  whatever it has to do with there is no evidence for your claim that her `` invitation '' backfired and caused many more to come as the numbers actually dropped is what op wants to say with this i think, 
  not all terrorists are muslim , also this is retarded, 
  zankyou no terror is kinda about terrorists !, 
  raf was before unificatoin, 
  but be wary around jews with those knifes , and social democrats !, 
  do n't want the dolchsto\u00dflegende to happen again do we ? 
  what about cologne i got to read about it for weeks after new year , and it was stated from the beginning that those were refuggees sooo i fail to see your point lol, 
  and do n't forget that the biggest terrorist organisation in germany since reunification was the nsu a neo nazi group ... 
  then you would also argue that these raids against the radical muslims are wrong , correct ? 
  afterall if they only radicalise eachother and do not directly kill anyone themselfs all those members should do whatever they want , no ? 
  if he invited them then there is no need for them to have dark skin if he specifically invited them ... 
  he hacked a facebook profile to deliberately get turks to that location , so he probably knew that atleast the likelyhood of hitting a `` immigrant '' was high, 
  he converted to christianity iirc so its less that they are the wrong type of muslim but that they are muslim in general, 
  i am somewhat thankfull for him still as bad as that makes me feel , have you even seen s\u00f6der ? 
  like holy shit as a bavarian , we are fucked if he takes over seehofers posts :(, 
  but the numbers of asylum applications did n't actually rise more than it already had , meaning her words do n't seem to have had a big impact compared to what was already going on, 
  most of the other eu countries involved in this wanted even harsher conditions so i fail to see your point ... 
  reading that made me physically feel sick , i dont understand how people can get fucked up in the head enough to think like that ... 
  1 is protected by the eternity clause, 
  however article 1 protects article 2-19 from not beeing changed too much , the essence must still be there, 
  i would vote for a party you have n't listed called : die partei , because my grandpa always told me how exciting it was voting for them back in the day !, 
  and in germany additionally there was the whole nsu thing ... really fucked up ... 
  that immigrants are evil and hate their families and only want to rape new people or somehting along those lines i would guess, 
  thats the mods not the posters , 6 months ago the normal user was fairly anti-immigration , before that it was even worse anything against the `` muslims are evil '' narrative got downvoted into oblivion, 
  german here , what big islamic terrorist attacks have happened here ? 
  the only terrorist attack i can think of recently were done by neo nazis , not islamists , and are n't like the super diehard horrible progressive country ? 
  german here , we do n't have monthly terrorist attacks either , weird ... infact the biggest terrorist group in reunified germany was a xenophobe neo-nazi group killing brown people ... 
   my father faught in a war , his father before him , and his father before him my father did n't but otherwise this is true , what does that have to do with me tho , i 'm not my father , i 'm not my grandfather , i 'm myself and i grew up in a different time in a different society , i 'm not gon na fight in a stupid civil war with not good side ... to claim that our generation is `` brave '' or whatever just because generations before that were is rather stupid , we have n't done anyhting , we ca n't claim the achievements of other people thats retarded, 
  i think he is rather referring to the whole `` young men should fight and die and woman should be there for sex and house work '' comment chain up higher, 
  men have a higher chance to make the journey , the plan is to then have the woman join you , if you make one of your family members take a dangerous long journey you 'd obviously make it the one with the highest chances of success , no ? 
  the plan generally seems to be to go on ahead and get them to follow later , since passage is expensive you can only send one most of the time and since its difficult its best to send young men as they have the highest chances of making it through, 
  forefathers , but we have n't , i havent even seen a pulled out modern handgun yet i do n't think , and i 'll be honest i do n't care enough for dying to not try to flee , trying to get my friends and family out aswell rather than fight, 
  what do you base that opinion of ? 
  it beeing in a song does n't seem like good proof to me . 
  i doubt all americans would willingly go and run into death for their country these days , you can see that with people who enlist to the military it 's mostly people who do n't have better options , not brave warriors wanting to die and serve their country or whatever you believe, 
  why did you go over there ? 
  better prices ? 
  then you are an economic refuggee !, 
  go back to the coutnry you come from and stay there, 
  yea first having adolf hitler for many decades and after him now merkel for the last 20 years is really slow compared to the glorious democracy that is the us !, 
   uk 's hillary clinton and hillary clinton is the us 's merkel :d, 
  because freedom of movement does n't concern refuggees , it only affeccts citizens ... 
  nah i 'm bavarian , we are just different ... 
  to reinforce the german stereotype once more , i think thats the joke, 
  well to a lot of xenophobic assholes atleast here in germany it is romanian = gypsy, 
  huh ? 
  the uk was our ally in economic policies , so i do n't understand how you arrive at that conclusion , the french were the big player that stood against us not the uk, 
  they will make you resistant to diabetes or something i 'm sure !, 
  i might have , i do n't speak polish but that was the answer my polish friend gave me when i asked him why pis hates cyclists, 
  thats less evil , but more retarded then lol, 
  lol wooohoooo awesome , they are better then the absolute bottom tier of shit countries , now thats an achievement to be proud of , is n't it ? 
  for the godemperor !, 
  i like this idea , whenever a child is born you determine someone of the opposite sex that is born around that time and close by to marry when they are 18 , and then you also force everyone to have atleast 2 children , also ban contraception !, 
  not only would there be no longer any homogay , but you would also outproduce evil muslims !, 
  bikers in poland is used to refer ( iirc negatively ) to gay men, 
   guilt complex is profound and make discussions on immigration , islam and security difficult where do you get that from ? 
  there is a fuckton of discussion about all of that, 
  not really , the german party elected these guys , and choose to ignore it , to pretend that germans were just the first victims of the nazis is false , a lot of germans were , but not the overwhelming majority , there was a lot of hate against foreigners and jews in those days . 
  saying that germans are all innocent and only nazi party members are evil is as incorrect as saying the wehrmacht did n't do anything wrong it was just the ss committing warcrimes, 
  thats one hell of a drug, 
  see , aslong as we only help killing people instead of directly killing them everything is fine and awesome !, 
  merkel is not a person to reform , she is a person to keep things going , keep things stable , but not for big reforms and changes, 
  i think he meant that he specifically had a different view of the uk , i do n't think there is any german that does n't know about our current rightwing uhh problem, 
   did n't they burn or kill a few turks as well ? 
  the nsu terror group killed turks , but as far as i remember the extreme right `` protests '' in the 90 's did n't kill turks directly as they were not the asylum seekers of that time, 
  not true , if you did n't fight back because you feared harm , or they were in a position with control over your it was still rape, 
  yea its funy how they remember the battle where the spanish lost a bit and retreated , but completely ignore the one afterwards , when they got completely fucking destroyed xd, 
  damn i wish frankie boyle was still super active , this would 've been his time to shine, 
  and these brits would be ... what ? 
  not wwi , the 30 years war was all about royalty tho, 
  i really hope so . 
  i also hope that without britain support us , we wo n't be able to bully the french and small countries into neo-liberal policies , so as a leftist this might turn out to create an eu i like more, 
  ahh do n't you worry , we will somehow be able to give the afd too much power and therefor join the club of failures : /, 
  oh i see you spelled h\u00f6flich wrong , lets talk in english , shall we ? 
  thank god this guy did n't have a real gun or many people might have died ... 
  just mental illness then , nothing to do with religion since its not islam, 
  rightwing terrorism in germany has killed 60 to 170 people ( some sources claim way higher numbers but i want to stay reasonable ) , islamic terrorism in germany has killed like 2 germans so far . 
  so yea one of the two clearly kills much more , its just not the one you want it to be, 
  in germany the amount of people killed by rightwing terrorists since reunification is easily more than 10 times higher than that of people killed by leftwing terrorism and up to 70 times higher than that of people killed my islamic terrorism . 
  there may be more acts but they seem ( atleast in germany ) to be generally way less severe,
