  secondly the bigger problem was n't hatespeech but not denying their ideology on a ground level , in the weimar republic for almost it 's entirety a majority of the parties were openly anti-democratic with a lot of xenophobia mixed in . 
  are you talking about radical isalmism ? 
  i do infact believe that radical preachers need to be shut down , yes . 
  i do accept the right wing ( to pretty far right , unless its full blown naziism or fascism ) , so i also accept a lot of muslim that i deem too conservative , but at a certain point of radicalisation with both of them i think the state can not allow/accept that . 
  i disaggree , one of the main reasons for the fall of weimar was its incredibly humanitarian , pro freespeech constitution . 
  there are things that society ca n't allow to fester , there are certain hard limits , which should be kept at a minimum . 
  shh do n't tell other germans that , beautiful austerity will fix all of greece 's problems , just trust us !, 
   and it 's not like you could just idk , not take in the refugees if you did n't want to . 
  we ca n't our constitution forbids us , and i think this is the same for almost all eu countries, 
  isis has everything to do with the us tho . 
  not really , if you actually look at the number of arrivals the derrivative did n't change after merkels speech . 
  not really , the refuggee crisis was in full force even b4 merkel made that statement that would later be taken so horribly out of context . 
  the us destiblisation of the middle east is what caused all this in the first place . 
  so times changed is a good enough reason to not value eu contracts you signed anymore ? 
  nice to know . 
  so if germany votes for a new government , can it use that government change as an excuse to not having to fullfill any of its eu obligation , like just stop paying because , fuck you we have a new government now ? 
  but just over a year ago polish democracy decided to take in about 5k of them , you ca n't just back down of a deal you signed ... 
  you ca n't just sig a contract and then refuse to fullfill it , if we want the eu to have any power they need to go against shit like this . 
   jesus , why is it always the uk , france , and germany ? 
  the three most populous countries , therefor if all other things are equal the most amount of crime would happen in those three ? 
  thank you for the extra information !, 
  i have literally no idea about aircraft , so like is that good or bad ? 
  he was factually correct but ( maybe ) diplomatically incorrect . 
  hamon was pretty dope , sad that his party betrayed him and that the other lefty guy got more votes because of ( understandable ) resentment of ps, 
  that was melenchon not hamon, 
  makes sense , i literally know nothing about this , it is super interesting tho !, 
  are those the areas both countries excel on ? 
  i have n't really heard much about the current french tank tbh, 
  and just a couple year ago they got a far right nazi terrorist organisation that planted multiple bombs and killed lots of people . 
  now the witnesses for their trial are slowly dying , huh ... weird, 
  absolutely, 
  s\u00fcddeutsche , zeit , spiegel , all are pretty damn good !, 
  they recently passed a constitutional change that enables them to create \u00d6ffentlich-private-partnerschaften ( public-private-partnerships ) , and give the duty to look after the autobahn to a gmbh , which can lend parts of the autobahn to private corporations , additionally with another much smaller change they could make this gmbh go private , like they tried with the railway company . 
  now a cynical person like me , would assume that the toll will be in place so that those private corporations that get rights to autobahn ( which interestingly enough do not have a time limit of 10 years as was suggested by some politicians , or a max amount of worth ) , can make a profit from that part of the autobahn , without such a toll there would be no incentive for them to take responsibility of a section of the autobahn as they could n't make any money from it . 
  so to cynical people like me , this looks like just another step on the cdu/csu ( and spd lets be honest here ) , long road of privatising more and more german infrastructure , which always works out soooooo great ( looking at telekom or deutsche bahn ), 
   another reason was that some people fear that this is the first step towards privatization of roads like in france . 
  and since the constitutional change that makes \u00d6pps for autobahn possible just recently passed , i think that is a very understandable thing to worry about !, 
   i 'm not sure another cdu/fdp coalition would make me any happier , but at least it would mean a meaningful opposition thats exactly why i want it , grand coalitions do n't have strong coalitions , i really dislike that , its why i 'll vote die linke despite not wanting them to be in government . 
  and especially since the spd voted for the autobahn privatisation shit , i do n't think i can vote for them anymore . 
  since the implementation is expensive , and since there will be a refund for germans and a bigger one for fuel efficient cars it will most likely result in a net loss in revenue lmao, 
  no matter wether or not you aggree with the toll road plan ( i do n't ) having some oversight on a eu level courts ( not politicians ) is a very good thing i think . 
  nearly impossible the article that protects asylum etc. 
  is protected by the eternity claus which makes changing it soo much completely impossible without overthrowing the government and starting all over again like france does from time to time . 
  also i would n't call it suicidal just yet . 
  that is basically the current situation tho . 
  the problem is that even if they do n't get asylum , aslong as they managed to enter the eu its very hard to get rid of them , thats why the comission wants to build these centers outside the eu, 
  what system would you propose that does n't screen refuggees outside the eu and why is it superior ? 
  dublin 3 has a clause that every memberstate may take in as many additional as they want , they do not have to send them back they can . 
  there was no ignoring or breaking dublin 3 there is no similiar clause for redistribution that allows countries to not take them in . 
  the quota is only about people that get their asylum aproved , so refugees , not just anyone who wanders in . 
  they are violating a treaty , therefor there would only be a vote if we were trying to stop enforcement of eu treaties . 
   `` chancellor angela merkel has said there is no legal limit to the number of asylum seekers germany will take in , with at least 800,000 expected this year alone . '', 
  because there is none since it would be unconstitutional ? 
  are you dense ? 
  there is no indication that distributing them to germany sped up the increase of refuggees getting to greece/italy , so its only helping , not hurting while we try to fix the situation by setting centers outside of the eu where we screen then and see who desserves asylum and who does n't so that the ones that do n't never enter the eu . 
  ( like the commission is proposing as part of the relocation programm ), 
  sounds accurate tbh mate, 
  ah that does make a lot more sense , i thought you were someone making value statements on individualism etc. 
  itself . 
  but your statement was about hedonism , selfishness and individualism instead of just the birthrate . 
  i do n't think at all thats its worse than japan , also op talked about sexlessness that is all i responded to, 
  but the german childlessness does not stem from a lack of relationships/sex which is what the japanese problem is attributed to . 
  is okay , i think its fair to say ... we all make mistakes ... r-right guys ? 
  no , generally because the nazi thing gets thrown at me every 6 comments or so, 
   germany still has a long way to go . 
  what exactly is that supposed to mean ? 
  i did n't even know you guys had an opt-out , how did you get that ? 
  i thought the later joining countries were at a severe negotiation disadvantage . 
  its both sides , as a german i can kind of understand people getting annoyed . 
  i got told how my country is basically acting like nazis , how merkel is basically hitler and how we just want to kill poles quite a few time by poles , after some time it gets annoying . 
  but i also do n't think shitslinging helps so usually i try and hold back, 
   poland was a strong proponent of fixing the problem at the source from the beginning . 
  when did poland ever do that ? 
  infact i remember poland obstructing border security proposald even ... 
  i still love you guys , just sometimes the poles coming on here are ... challenging to interact with , 
  idk that blocking actual immigration of people because of religion falls in line with the common eu values , or is even legal . 
  do n't forget about adeline , that one might get implementation into later ariane 6 models !, 
  thats already a project since like 2014 or 2015 , called adeline , while not returning the entire rocket , it basically returns the engine which is by far the most expensive part , additionally only returning the engine means they can use less fuel intensive methods to return which also means there is more room for payload aswell as costing less : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tv29pevzvzw it too has been designed to land on airways since they do n't have any super awesome landing locations so with that capability it will be able to land basically in any country . 
  and then there is also callisto , but that is just some leaked project , no telling yet if that will happen and its first implementation would probably a possible arianne 7 !, 
  what ? 
  the weimar republic faced very similiar issues as the french , it absolutely was the change institution that made this better , and i would think same applies to france . 
  and we would 've all been better off had noone taken his opinion seriously ... 
  so op is correct !, 
  i meant during the main war of independence , they would have had much more ressources freed up to stomp the revolution for the next couple decades if it had n't been for the french . 
  and the ww part was only about the complaining about beeing late . 
  we should try for some trade deals with california , seems like a great state , they are even trying to get universal healthcare !, 
   also , thanks again france , for helping us fight the brits in that conflict , even if you showed up a bit late . 
   two things : firstly , without france i doubt america would 've gained independence , they only stopped caring about you because of the possiblity of loosing india and/or a direct attack on british homeland . 
  secondly , well you guys kinda showed up late to both world wars too ... 
  * looks nervously into the corner *, 
  that sounds scary as fuck boy, 
  it got a bit better in recent years , but overall it is still really catastrophic . 
  sadly especially university funding is a state thing , and states just do n't have the money or the priority for scientists at universities . 
  it got better under merkel but is still kinda shit . 
  however idk if the situation in france or the nordic countries is much better , or the us infact might also not be that great for all i know . 
  because you actually have wmds unlike iraq , noone would invade a country with actual functional wmds, 
  its a response , they make the term their own . 
  i do n't really care how people on reddit want to call themselfs , and their memes are pretty funny, 
  can confirm, 
  i would n't mind that .
