  die linke and gr\u00fcne are my top 2 parties according to wahlomat, 
  but we are n't comparing to a country like the us we compare to other europeans, 
  nah , lets not pretend we are pretty center right for beeing parts of western europe, 
   how so ? 
  you seal it and lock it in the ground or turn it into bullets . 
  both government and industry have already shown that they are too retarded to do that , the big place where they wanted to store nuclear waste for thousands of years , started to leak and poison the drinking water of neighbouring places within like 1-2 years or something , that is one of the biggest reasons why germans got so anti nuclear again, 
   france , italy , germany and the uk . 
  germany atleast does n't , france and the uk yes , italy i have no clue about, 
  all the all supreme allied commanders ( the ones that are in charge of actual military matters unlike the other type of leading official at nato , forgot the name for that one ) of nato ever have been american , the only country to ever trigger article 5 has been the us ... 
  the bund can try to help tho , especially with infrastructure the bund can actually do a lot , education is a bit trickier but you can work around it as seen with the excellency programm, 
  no he made a joke about the wall falling and the `` leftist terrorists '' from eastern germany coming to germany ... 
  oil , just not in the way you think , it was n't about getting oil to the us but rather to get oil in the hand of us and uk companies ( to which bush had very close ties iirc . ), 
  no , most of europe was willing to just pass the problem onto greece, 
  idk the inside of this one looks fucking amazing, 
   if they leave a safe country like turkey , turkey has n't signed international aggreements of refuggees and already threatened to just dump all of them on neighbouring middle eastern countries , they also had a history of abuse of asylum seekers aswell as very long waiting times . 
  turkey is not an eu recognized safe third country for exactly those reasons, 
  while i do 100 % aggree with the point in theory , i do think at the time it happened it was already to late , a common eu solution would have had to have happened months before that , its not like greece and italy were n't constantly warning this was going to happen ( or experts ) . 
  this is the fault of germany ( thanks to our conservative government that did n't want to spend any money if they could avoid it until it was too late ) but also of most other eu countries . 
  so in that moment in 2015 i think the choice was right , just up until then everything was ignored/handled incorrectly, 
  ofcourse at the beginning when you do the groundwork , and unlike what the retarded headline makes it look like they do n't want to get rid of everyone they just want the majority of them ( so after the basics ) to be from the region they focus on . 
  same in physics again , you just ca n't ever learn everything and study everyone , you will have to focus unless you plan to study till you are 80 while not beeing an expert in any specific field, 
  but there are regional differences , even within on region ( the west ) , there was continental and analytical , while continental is not exclusive to the continent , and analytical e.g. 
  has the vienna school as one of the big big groups , they started to appear because of philosophers in england trying to distance themselfs from what they did n't like happening in germany/france and there are bigger differences between western and e.g. 
  asian philosophy , now ofcourse there is a lot of overlapping , but i do n't think it is necessarily bad to focus . 
  i for example study physics , and i have to specialise aswell, 
  the second one , as i said i think that many flags looks retarded, 
  i mean looking at the people he put in his administration it kind of looks that way , yes, 
  i mean they are studying philosophy with a focus on asia and africa , i think it is only fair to then argue that most of the philosophers you study should be asian or african if your focus is asia and africa , no ? 
   white tax dollars a t_d and sargonofakkad user , ofcourse lol, 
  what ? 
  most of western philosophy , be it analytical or continental or before the split is majority/mostly european , so yes ofcourse , the default is to focus on european philosophers wtf, 
  ehh lets wait for the election if we vote something as bad as trump in you can gladly make the point , until then i think america still takes the cake, 
  is n't mocking nazis basically always a good thing tho ? 
  with nazis maybe , but who else would even care ? 
  idk i disaggree , while i think the gate itself looks cooler in the first picture ( with more detail and stuff ) i do also think the nazis kinda went a bit overboard with the whole flag thing , maybe i am just a `` less is more '' kind of person , but i do think 10 flags at the same time looks a bit retarded, 
  you could , but they wo n't and their defense is that its forbidden to be taken , and thats why it is illegal , so thats why you ca n't legalise it, 
  which is infact the arguement the politician tasked with drugs etc. 
  said for them beeing illegal, 
  almost every economist aggreed with him , so yea probably was n't wrong , now if only he could be a bit nicer and better about getting his point accross, 
  he 's been around for a couple years now , and has become really good, 
  which is why i think , it is n't bad if its encouraged to stop , you do n't need to go after people saying but , just encouraging is enough . 
  if people do n't mean anything by it then it should be no problem to change the way they talk around a bit to accomodate more people, 
  spon is way worse than the print version , and yes people dare to say a lot , fuck even the taz the most left leaning of the relevant print media started having anti refuggees articles a year ago . 
  and i disaggree that is the case with the talkshows , i remember trying to sit through an anne will one where some csu idiot and some other rightwing guy ( do n't quite remember if only afd affiliated or actual politician ) , continued to shout down everyone and went on about we will all be raped and die or something . 
  also i do n't understand what you mean by this :  i 'm not implying that this is some grand conspiracy , for the state tv it 's obvious why they do it, 
  ehh , not really , it is kind of annoying at times when talking americans but other than that it does n't really matter to me at all, 
  does n't it ? 
  iirc , atleast the german aid programms make sure that the money directly goes to whatever we want to help and is n't just given to the polticians in the hopes they are n't corrupt, 
  no , because marihuana is illegal because it is forbidden, 
  am from germany , and no funnily enough the billions of talkshows that constantly talk and debate about this topic have let me to believe that discussion is n't beeing silenced . 
  i mean have you heard h\u00f6ckes talk about `` rassenlehre '' ? 
  if that was not 100 % racist then i do n't know what is ... 
  aslong as your guys are n't in power that is ... 
  a more friendly sounding word for invasion i believe, 
  seeing how fgr is the continuation of the weimar republik ( turned into nazi republik ) and the reich , yes , difference would be time i think . 
  we still call the eastern states different than the rest since there is still such a big difference . 
  here in germany , eastern germany/new states/formerly ddr states is still very much stuff that gets said, 
  not in germany , atleast not the raf , the far riggt since reunificationha far outdone the left in killings , both of which outdo muslims, 
  yeaup thats about what i heard, 
  same here , lots of times in innsbruck , know lots of people in innsbruck , the only friend who ever had problems was a male leftwing punk that got beaten up by some skinheads . 
  but he and his buddies were idiots since the train station in innsbruck at night is not a place for people that look obviously leftwing , atleast according to what i 've heard . 
  so far , no female friend has talked about any problems , well other than the alcohol beeing waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay too expensive, 
  that is my reason for voting for die partei ( the party ), 
  i saw only the huffington post have her at a 98 % chance , come on , start linking shit !, 
  only songs will be blocked , come on do n't cop out , show me where most of mainstream media did say this giving trump a 0 % chance , if it happened you should easily be able to come up with like 15 links to mainstream media in like 2 minutes , 25 in 4 minutes etc. 
  really i saw huff post giving him a low chance but when during the later stages of the election did all of mainstream media say he will never 0 % chance be president ? 
  links please, 
  we are also pretty left by saudi arabia 's standard , we are in / r/europe here tho , so idk why i should give a fuck about that tbh dude ... care to enlighten me ? 
  i want to see you argue that the majority of her actions are left wing lol, 
  but i 'd say ode to joy still very much exists as its own thing as part of beethovens 9th i.e. 
  while the `` deutschlandlied '' does n't exist really outside of the anthem i would say , in a song like ode to joy the intention of the one singing it is important to what it should be called at that moment, 
  its been the anthem for a billion things tho already, 
  depends , if you already assume that all death camps ( unless further specified as in `` death camps built by the british in ... '' ) are german ( as we do over here ) , then polish death camps actually just refers to its location . 
  i personally know not a single person that things the death camps were a thing that the poles did, 
  as the term `` polish death camps '' in german is a purely geographical thing , the political stuff does n't matter , everyone knows the kz were german nazi deathcamps , this is only a geographical destinction by where the place is today, 
  i completely disaggree , heck i even fucking read in the taz , the probably most leftwing big german newspaper , an opinion piece about how merkels handling of the refuggee crisis was a mistake , about how `` wir schaffen das '' was retarded , and about how we should not let people come in . 
  as for the aleppo thing , sure there might have been one or two opinion peices that you personally disaggree with , but please show me how all the big german media was super heavily biased and i 'm also talking about their print counterparts ( which in general are better than the online ones ) . 
  ofcourse you do n't only read one newssource , since everything will have some bias in it , but you have n't shown me somehting were german media as a thing overall was super propaganda like so i really do n't see your point at all, 
  he is not a demon , but a moron i think was the big point . 
  the wall would be pretty ineffective and super fucking expensive, 
  i would be placed in the former camp i guess , but i do n't really care about love or about if they are nice or not . 
  i care about humanitarian principles , about their right to seek asylum if they need it , these things are as i see the core values that europe has produced that separate it from much of the rest of the world , universalism is the big european legacy in my mind . 
  what i 'm trying to say is ... 
  i think you are misrepresenting the first camp, 
  i have watched rt , so i know that they are complete bullshit , i had just thought that cnn beeing one of the bigger newssources was n't as complete bullshit as rt , in any case where they were n't completely horrible they would 've been better than rt. 
  huh ? 
  i heard about it the day after tbh . 
  only the zdf had first not reported about it but they apologised , and the zdf is only 1 of 2 of the public ones , and there are tons of private ones aswell so idk what you are talking about ... 
  examples ? 
  damn , i did n't know that , thanks , well good thing i never really watched cnn then . 
  german media thankfully is still very much reliable overall, 
  a lot more made up shit on rt ( like they actually hired actors to pose as witnesses for stuff , retarded shit like that ) , and not state owned, 
  is it ? 
  the newest set of refuggee laws the government wanted to pass were even shut down by the constitutional court for beeing unconstitutional does n't really sound super left wing too me, 
   the only way this could happen would be if the `` linke '' gets a bit more realistic they already did , maybe you did n't realise this , but in the newer states die linke is now what the old western spd used to be , infact even on a federal level they have a very very big portion that is realistic , sure wagenknecht ist a bit weird but for a big part they are more than just alright . 
  sure but people should 've looked at past behaviour then, 
  sure , but if they wanted i 'm certain they would 've been able to built retarded propaganda stuff into it, 
  thats because its one of the few without a lot of propaganda in it, 
  oh phew that would 've been bad, 
   a party like die linke in germany will spend 10m on the bundestagswahl , total .
