  do n't forget taking acting lessons and dancing lessons ( yes hitler was apparently decent at dancing and hitler apparently did some acting in his spare time , which might explain why he was pretty decent at giving speeches ) . 
  yes , lol my brain wasnt working xd, 
  yea , for example germany was the first country with national healthcare ( and rent i think too ) germans even today pride themselfs on that fact , and it is one of the reasons bismarck is soo beloved :d, 
  i actually do that o_o because germans do n't generally small talk with people they do n't know , when you are sitting in the train or subway with noone u know around , you just stare into nothingness or at people ( it can be soo weird , you can be in a subway with 30 people and not one single word , like nothing at all , then again i sometimes do enjoy the quiet ) . 
  but when you stare at someone for too long/you notice someone staring at you for too long ( mostly older ladies ) , the both of you engage in a stare down , you both try to look as disinterested , angry or bewildered as possible and stare into the other persons eyes until one of you gives up , quits and stares into nothingness/at someone or something else :d god i do n't know why such a stupid thing made me soo happy , but yea spot on !, 
  ill stare people down :p, 
  wooohhhooo i can aggree with pro nuclear people :d i personally think that the best way to get to a point were renewables are that capable , is slowly reducing the dependence on nuclear and fossil and incentivising ( hope thats the right word ) renewable . 
  if you look at germany , ever since we are incentivising renewable as much as we started to do a few years ago ( and now stopped because the money is in that industry now and itll not slow down even without as heavy incentives ) , the growth of renewable , not only in amounts used but also in capabilities was accelerated by a lot , that is because at that point there was money in that industry , money and interest are what drive innovation the most , sure scientists can do those projects anyway , but if companies invest , you have more scientists and better equipment thanks to more funds !, 
  so what i would have liked to happen , is basically what we in germany are doing right now , just without the unneccessary fear bullshit stuff that accelarated the process after fukushima tooo waaay too high levels , the original plans wer waay better . 
  so we rushed it , but a slower implementation of what we are doing right now is basically what i would look at as ideal :d also still hoping all our investment into fusion pays off ( germany beeing one of the leading countries in the entire world when it comes to nuclear energy ( and awesomely enough some pretty awesome reactors etc. 
  are right next to my university , cant wait to get my hands on them when im doing stuff for my master ) ) :d, 
  and sometimes it just has to do with our shared history , we all want to show that our stereotypical economy ( like germans saving trying to be orderly and following orders in their own economy ) , is the best which means the stereotypes that define our culture towards other people are the best !!, 
  our 3 countries can never catch a break it seems , well atleast its not another war :d, 
  i just realized , i do n't know what we do either o_o maybe thats the reason people always try to redicule us with : nazi and you will make europe go to shit with your economy and slowly die too ya nazi ... 
  they just ca n't use any harmless funny banter . 
  im sad now :(, 
  yes i know that , but i thought those were the ones most likely to come over here to germany , soooo i do n't have any problem with that :d, 
  no but it is one of the biggest factors , trading with a common currency makes the whole thing waaaay easier , it strenghtened the trade in the eu , however it also hurt the trade of the weaker economies outside of the eu a bit , how much each each i dont know tho . 
  it is all a ruse to make you think you are safe , die kriegsmaschinerie l\u00e4uft mein freund !, 
  :p tbh , im not even much of football fan xd, 
  we are preparing to take over some place in the east , i heard they attacked a radio station or something and fixed a football game !, 
  what is he saying in the original message ? 
  really ? 
  i always heard it was from southern europe , since right wing groups are extremely on the rise there and anti-semitism is growing rapidly :(, 
  would n't be spherical be most efficient tho ? 
  that way the most possible parts are the closest possile to the middle !, 
  hmmm ... 
  woohhoo i was right for once < 3, 
  wia = wounded it action ? 
  sorry i am really bad with military acronyms !, 
  thats why i would n't send it there , i hope we people in the future still know enough of our history to not just send a starship to whatever the russians are doing there and just randomly start shooting , in the end the russians my start nukes and then america starts nukes at russia or whatever disaster could happen . 
  do n't want any of that !, 
  and then the nukes start flying over basically nothing ... yea ... no !, 
  ohh i am not saying that is exclusive to germany , the topic just was about germany so i said germany :d because i was trying to explain why germans do n't seem to freak out completely right now :d, 
  you do understand that i was making a joke about how people apparently are not capable of not critizising the us by starting a sentence beeing reasonably critical and escalating it pretty quickly . 
  if you would have actually read any further than 1/3 of my comment you would clearly seen that it was a joke , i even say that it was a joke 1/2 in and then start with a reasonable comment , yet you choose to judge my whole comment after only reading 1/3 of it ( and tbh . 
  it should have been pretty clear even than that it was a comment used to ridicule ), 
  it is even worse , im studying physics , thats like beeing german \u00b2 , like literally its soooooo weird lol, 
  sooo you ca n't be reasonable and critizise america at the same time ?? 
  weird , let me try : regarding americas immigration policies : american was build on immigrants ( on the corpses of native americans but lets forget about that ) , the country overall has mostly benefitted from immigration to my understanding . 
  it is interesting that a party of mostly older white males , is against immigration , it seems they try to secure a bigger share of the overall voters , a lot of immigrants come from really horrible places , so it is weird to me that : america is acting like the third reich holy fuck !, 
  and it is also i. . . now they are going to vote for hitler , they only support the jews because they kill many muslims and are secretly invading the government for each country making them their puppets in their plan for world domi ... 
  interesting o_o okay , tbh . 
  i do n't think you should not critizise america , just like i do n't think you should not critizise european or other countries , you should also not not talk about the positive things of america ( which there are a lot of ) . 
  while the comment above has been stupid , sometimes americans can be overly proud and positive about their country , maybe it is just my pessimistic , perfectionistic german attitude , however i do n't think the united states are perfect , actually there are a lot of things i would like them to improve . 
  and it sometimes bothers me that americans just dismiss critizism basically like : you are weird and believe in stupid conspiracies if you critzise america since we are awesome !, 
  because i think you actually can be realistic and not hyperbolic and reasonable when talking about any country , and again any country can be critizised and should be critizised ... 
  the mass exodus ( as far as i know ) is mostly happening in more instable parts of europe ( sooo mostly southern europe ) and not germany . 
  call me ... whatever you want , but i do n't remember that particular joke o_o, 
  i was trying to make a german joke too !, 
  but i guess i failed since i needed to explain the concept of the german joke :( and yes i am fully aware that he was making a joke about jews not eating non-koscher food . 
  they did n't again ? 
  oh god its gon na rain again tommorrow :( ( context : there is an old german saying that basically goes like this : if you want good weather tomorrow you need to eat everything on your plate . 
  btw , its a mistranslation from older to newer german , the original meaning of the saying is believed to mean : if you want good food tomorrow again , you need to eat everything cooked for today . ), 
  ehh more like 1 $ , there are puddings that cost 0,19 $ and some that cost a bit more , so i did go with higher figures ... ( of the cheap ones ofcourse ) . 
  i dont like the nationalism and their illegal villages ... 
  but most israelis i have spoken to are actually really awesome people , so i do n't mind them coming over , lets hope israel is n't trying to force us to implement restrictions again lol, 
  ouch :(, 
  he should just head down to t\u00f6ginggrad , the russian capital of germany/the world !, 
  ( this is an inside joke only know to people from the area of m\u00fchldorf and alt\u00f6tting , t\u00f6ging is a really small city in germany , with about 9000 people living there , i estimate that about 8000 of those are russian :d ), 
  i aggree fully that it is not perfect , it is just not as horrible as most people in this thread make it out to be ... and it is not the assumption we ca n't build good enough storage rooms , but that companies just wo n't because its cheaper otherwise , multiple fuck-ups in the past have gotten german people angry/concerned with companies not doing enough to protect people ... and for the energy union there have been several talks and plans etc. 
  the one that was most recent that i remember was plans for a high tech new power grid connecting central europe this would greatly improve the effectiveness of renewable energy ( as you can always get electricity to places where you are not getting a lot of energy out of renewable ( because no sun or wind or whatever right at that moments ) from places that are currently producing a lot of renewable energy ( a lot of the times during summer , germany produces actually waaay too much energy and ca n't even export/use all of it , it just gets wasted , just as an example ) ) this would lower the need for storage facilities ( which would still be very much needed , just less than currently , the whole thing would be more managable ) , which are what i see the biggest problem with renewable , you ca n't effectively store your excess power for times you produce a lot less , which makes it so we have to import power during witer/at night , and eventhough the development of said facilities is moving along ... it will still be a lot of time till they can be build and be actually effective ... 
  overall i still like the move away from current nuclear energy , it was however rushed , not completely and sadly not completely thought through ... 
  yes but that would n't have changed with nuclear power plants , germany does not have that many natural ressources , i should have phrased it differently as electricity tho , i aggree and apologize . 
  it is interesting that you can just insult this guy and his entire country and people in here with no repocussions ... 
  wooow that picture is awesome :0 ill save this right now ... thanks for sharing < 3, 
  it is weird , i have n't noticed and big anti uk stuff recently and a lot of anti german jerking ... 
  i guess you only notice the negatives , huh ? 
  i read that that is actually a fact that we most of the time only really notice the negative things which is kinda really weird and sad ( i used to think that that is only something u tell urself :d ) . 
  see the big problem with this is , that we in germany get to hear this basically every year : last quarter was bad , next will most likely be bad too , german economy will suffer everything will go to shit . 
  german media reports , all other media reports , at the beginning all germans flipped their shit and started saving , nowadays its just people from other countries pointing fingers at us and telling us we fucked up , u wan na know why ? 
  because for the last ten years , as this has been reported and reported again , nothing ever happened ... 
  i aggree there is reason for concern here , but you just get sick of it :( the usual reaction of germans i know nowadays is like : ehhh it will probably be like last time , or the time b4 that or the time b4 that , and those idiots ( referring to the people pointing fingers at germany ) are using this time to lead all that build up steam and bullshit out of their system ( look at u/unclesneakyfingers comment for example ) . 
  yes i aggree people should be more concerned , but i ca n't actually fault them too much , as this has been going on for a long time . 
  see i aggree with you , it actually looks like the next quarter might not be that good or a big upswing or anything like that . 
  the problem with that is , that for the last 10 years it has always been the same : germany has a bad quarter , people tell us how horrible everything is going to be that we are in a recession because it wo n't get better in the next one because it looks like its going to be bad , and every single time that turned out to be false . 
  each time our media reports on it , each time people get angsty , each time people are like germany u fucked up , and till now basically each time it did n't happen ... 
  when you hear the same doom and gloom message over and over again and nothing is happening you get just sick of it : / i aggree there is reason for concern here , but damn unclesneakyfingers ignorant comment is just one of those we get to see every time and i have to say , i too have been getting more and more sick of it lately :( hope this explains atleast a bit why there are no germans running around promising dooms day on here xd, 
  yes , but that shit is expensive , in theory it would be awesome , buuuut the money is not there , 
  ohh , thank you very much , 
  we can talk about the second one when other countries catch up to our emission rates ... 
  the first one , first can you give a source ( eventhough i can believe it ) also , germany is one of the countries in the eu that is pushing the hardest for an energy union which would make all of the eu independent of russian gas , oil and i guess energy , 
  noooo i missed it , what did he say ? 
  you error was that you forget that fascism nowadays is just a scary word , just like bolschewismus/kulturbolschewismus ( bolschewismus is basically early lenin interpretation of marxism and later marxism-leninism ( so a combination of those world views ) , just became a scary evil word in germany used by the nazis . 
  they said jews that work in the arts and music make kulturbolschewismus ( culture-bolschewismus ( sorry i dont actually know the english word for bolschewismus xd ) ) and how everything jewish and evil is bolschewismus ( because people were scared of communists ) , eventhough it had nothing to do with it . 
  in a lot of the same ways , fascism has just become a new scary word , it most of the time is n't used for what it actually describes but is just degraded to a scarry buzzword ... 
  so people can actually think that you were beeing not all that sarcastic :( ohh also you joke was n't funny or tastefull , that does n't help either xd, 
  idk ... germany is not really that dependent on foreign energy , we are overall a net exporter of energy , and if you want to bring up the whole : germany buys energy from france in winter because renewable is bad and nuclear is god thing , then you should also mention , that france imports energy from germany during the summer , because they ca n't use all their nuclear power plants without overheating the rivers :d we are also the world leader in renewable energy , which is paying off even now and should be paying off even more the more time goes by , and also germany is one of the leading countries in the world at getting to the kyoto protocol stats , the new coal plants also are beeing build to replace older , worse , more polluting ones , so we will reduce emissions further . 
  we are also one of the countries that invests most into fusion , which will lead to a new energy source that is completely clean , so overall i 'd still say , germany is doing pretty good , no ? 
  i know reddit is on a german hate and nuclear god rant right now , but it gets annoying how people just generalise soo much and leave out details ... 
  ehhh thats why we are in a big union , like a big family , we help you guys out , i 'm sure you would do the same if you were in our shoes :d, 
  i actually did n't know that part , thanks for the information !, 
  well what happens is that all the fish die is because it is to hot for them to survive , same with the plants etc. 
  this will cause the rivers to get poisoonous , the cooking part was an hyperbole ... 
  still end result is the same , most everything in those waay too warm rivers dies rots and the whole biosphere/ecosystem in there ( is that the right english word for that ) dies , which will cause them getting poisonous ( something like this happened in america b4 for example , the fish etc. 
  died for different reasons but the end result was the same . ), 
  literally electricity !, 
  the problem is that most of our fusion research reactors took longer to build than originally proposed/planned , that was in part due to not enough payment/getting kinda cheap deals that had consequences ... 
  i do n't mean right now we should spend waay more on fusion , but we should have spend more on fusion/make it a higher priority earlier on , so we could be more ahead , sure it would n't be that much , but every year counts for something to get better energy , atleast as far as i am concerned . 
  i hope this made it clearer ... sorry for my incompetence at writing :(,
