  so i kinda also understand why / u/brazul wants to share a bit of schadenfreude after this vote =p, 
  yea sadly , as this point if we ca n't deal with even refuggees then maybe the uk was correct , eventhough it hurts me a lot to say this :(, 
  well the only way they could stay here is if they did n't get any public attention , if they do n't get any public attention and no welfare ( sicne they wo n't either way ) anyway then they might die of hunger if they do n't leave , if they were to get public attention then they get send back , i was only talking about what would happen if they were planning to stay here . 
  again , they wo n't get anything here and then get deported , i 'm not sure why they would try a second time , so it might happen at the beginning but then stop ... 
  ohh , sorry then , that makes sense !, 
  it is a bit hard to tell this stuff apart in this sub from time to time , i apologize !, 
  if they make too much noise they 'll be send back, 
  germany never threatened that , it was one and then another minister that said it , and the story got completely blown out of the water by international newsmedia merkel came out quickly against something like this but that apparently got forgotten , so no germany did not threaten to do that it were a few ministers speaking about their own opinion ... 
  no it has to be completely the eu 's fault and not because some people did n't care to think twice ... 
  why ? 
  because a majority of the countries wanted something and it then happened ? 
  also the uk does n't participate in this because of their opt-out, 
  romania ca n't take care of 2000 people ? 
  i think its because while you are a border country you do n't get that many new ones compared to other border countries liek italy greece or hungrary until recently , so the fact that you are a border country does n't matter , only how much you actually `` normally '' get ( which ofcourse beeing a border country will play into ) is important !, 
  i do n't remember our media portraying you as super racist o_o must have missed it xd, 
  the low turn-out is your own fault then , i voted because i want to be represented as easy as that ... 
  and then what ? 
  die of hunger in germany , they wo n't get anything here if they are supposed to be in a different country . - . 
  why would your president do that ? 
  it would be a stupid move that does n't accomplish anything and just happens out of spite ... also , like all other poles without a job they would n't get any benefits and after 3 months they would get deported back to poland ... 
  what are you even talking about , noone not even the most leftist leftist in germany i know has ever said anything close to that , its such a stupid hyperbole its the same as me saying something like this : `` ohh no they are untermenschen we need to gas them all ! '', 
  to everyone that is even remotely against the current situation ... 
  it has nothing to do with reality at all ... 
  1k per family sounds about right for here , they get a roof and then 270-ish to 390-ish ( depending on their situation ) per adult and like 80-90 bucks per kid, 
  they wo n't get anything in germany if they were supposed to be in poland , so thats worse than a bit from poland , no ? 
  these numbers are always only about verified people the people that get relocated are the ones that were seen fit for asylum , the economic migrants which do n't get asylum do n't get relocated . 
  also this does n't affect any asylum seekers in germany , it is about greece italy etc. 
  the countries that have suffered because under dublin iii they have to take care of everyone which they simply ca n't do by themselfs, 
  yea , its probably the jews that were behind it i reckon :0, 
  again it is a concern , that does n't mean that you are against it , it means that you are thinking about it ... as an example the leftwing in germany is highly concerned with refuggees , but rather than saying they want them all gone and they destroy our culture , they are concerned with them because they think germany and german politicians are n't doing enough to help them , they are concerned that they do n't get opportunities for a good life etc. 
  it is a concern , yes , ofcourse its a concern many people think that the politicians are n't doing enough and that we are n't helping these people etc. 
  here is a survey regarding the opinion of germans on this topic : http://www.infratest-dimap.de/umfragen-analysen/bundesweit/ard-deutschlandtrend/2015/september/ 37 % find the current numbers of refugees ok , 33 % want less and 22 % want more . 
  96 % are in favor of taking refugees from wars / civil wars and only 28 % are in favor of taking people who don \u00b4 t find a job or have no perspective in their homecountry . 
  that article is about 5000 germans protesting in a city , i 'm sorry but pegida has failed outside of dresden and leipzig , the counter protest were always much much stronger . 
  also according to polls most germans do n't have a problem with taking in refuggees ... and lastly most european countries aggree to quotas , going against the opinion of this sub , there was actually a qualified majority for quotas at the last summit of the ministers of interior , however they did n't want to push it on the minority ... 
  just as those two at the wedding did n't have to worry about their spouse cheating or leaving them anymore , heh ? 
  thank you for making your intentions so obvious , that i can easily tag you and not have to take serious anything else you say , 
  we had unemployment levels a few million higher than right now back in the day and it did n't cause us to all suddenly die , so even if it was to get back to that level ( meaning taking in several million refuggees with none of them working which is very very unrealistic , since not only will we not take in several millions , most of them actually will work , since we have a lot of labour jobs that are suited for people with less education , its just about using the ressources properly to get them on a half decent level of education ) , even if that was to happen , we would n't run into problems anywhere close to as severe as what you are rambling about ... 
  waaaiiiittt ... what ? 
  i do n't ... how do you come to these ideas ? 
  like seriously , we had so many more jobless people back in the day compared to now even if your factor refuggees in ( which are still not that big of a factor ) , we are actually making money , germany is decreasing its debt right now , we got a surplus this year , how is there a big hole caused by the welfare state ? 
  is that like some fantasy world of yours where the ultra nationalists win and take over germany just because you want it to happen or whatever ? 
  no borders closed . 
  source : was in innsbruck for university recently, 
  not really , if people have an agenda/are in a circlejerk , then they can very much upvote crap sources they aggree with and downvote good sources they disaggree with/don ' t like , thats the big flaw about this system , 
  most germans on reddit i know have already given up coming here , but for other reasons than you might have  ( hint : it has to do with rightwing brigading ), 
  wait you use breitbart , a completely biased rightwing source as your proof to show that bbc is is biased ? 
  so if i find an article in `` kommunism now ! '', 
  ( not a real world example ofcourse ) about how `` die welt '' is completely and utterly horribly biased , i could use that as a source to show just that ? 
  so 5000 xenophobes march somewhere and bbc claims that all germans get super angry now ? 
  polls indicate that most of us are actually doing just okay with the whole thing ( tho complaining about the execution of it all is fairly common , not with the numbers tho ) . 
  these small protests do n't matter much really pegida is dead , they got rid of a lot of their moderates recently to try and keep a hardocre fanbase alive , but even b4 that they were dead , after the first few weeks , when it was obvious that outside of dresden and leipzig pegida would never be able to do anything , since there was not much support there and a lot of counter-protestors , that was when pegida was already dead , but people on reddit kept telling me that the germans are going to rise up or some bullshit like that lol, 
  i think `` nacht der langen messer '' would be more appropriate here than `` kristallnacht '' since that was the one where the nsdap killed its own more leftwing people iirc =p, 
  what are you on about ? 
  pegida fell flat on its head everywhere but leipzig and dresden , and thats not just because `` the silent majority of people that totally aggree with pegida eventhough they never showed it and polls indicate otherwise '' is too scared to go out , there were huge , giant counter protests multiple orders of magnitude bigger than the local pegida protests , the only places where pegida was bigger than the counter protests was leipzig and dresden ... 
  i was there at the first counter protest in munich , the first one had like 12k people , while bagida ( bavarian pegida ) cancelled their protest since they could n't even get 500 people ... 
  yea , lets shoot at people that flee from war , actually that would make them feel more at home i guess , tho that would be kinda a bad thing ... 
  3 rigt now , two of which are studying the same thing i am at university =d they do n't go drinking with me but otherwise there is nothing different about them really o_o, 
  when have we actually blackmailed ? 
  one or two ministers said they thought blackmailing might be the right way to go , to which merkel responded that it absolutely was n't ... 
  so again , when has germany actually blackmailed you into accepting the quota , and not just a minister talking about it ? 
  still , op 's point about `` changing the way of life '' is still completely invalid which is what / u/zurthen was talking about and is completely correct about . 
  because it fits in with the circlejerk/overall rethorik that is going on right now ... 
  but ca n't you make the same case about women outside of the asylum centers aswell , especially in the more conservative parts ( like bavaria ) rape victims are not always treated the best ( victim shaming etc. ), 
  and it can have a huge stigma some women just do n't want to deal with , as far as i know even in germany more than 50 % of rapes do n't get reported o_o, 
  according to what i read in german there were some cases , but if you look at the overall statistc the amount of rape is n't higher than normal , but ofcourse i ca n't understand this source since i do n't read the language so i ca n't see if they brought anything new to the table ... 
  not op i was responding to , he was literally saying that we should get rid of refuggee policy , i 'm not completely against the idea of having a limit or some conservative stuff , but he literally said we should just completely get rid of it ... and ofcourse thats what i 'm responding to , that one person ... 
  this case was about right wing terrorists , no kind of active harming of others is okay in my opinion , 
  thats not reason to just abolish refuggee policy and not take in anyone at all ... this is a strawman ... 
  sure but the op was talking about something entirely different , so i do n't see a reason why i would engage with him when he derails the conversation , i was just clarifying my position ... 
  you said :  the government , who ignore the population ? 
  with which you were reffering to the german government , i showed you that was clearly wrong ... that might be a bit misrepresentation , trying to give the whole thing a different face , but thats very different from manipulating polls , still you have shown no evidence that the german government ( the ones you claimed might be terrorists for not listening to its population ) is infact ignoring the will of the german majority , while i have given you evidence that they are actually listening to the will of the german people ... 
  if they come here and qualify for asylum then we will take them , thats the whole system ... are people actually starting to argue to not take valid asylum seekers in , and not only arguing against economic migrants ? 
  holy fuck, 
  so what are your sources for germans beeing against it ? 
  if you only look at the protests then germans are clearly in favor of taking in refuggees as counter protests are bigger . 
  or do you have `` facts '' from some obscure right wing conspiracy site that ofcourse is the only one telling the truth while the media lies to you which you know after listening to that site ? 
  i aggree , especially the crunch time , we take waaaay too long to figure out who should get asylum and who should n't , this was used in the past as a scare factor ( like : look you will get nowhere here you will be in limbo for sooo long just go somewhere else ) , but it really is n't working right now is it , we need to handle this way quicker, 
  so that we do n't take in any refuggees even people that desserve asylum ? 
  no thank you , 
  a ) the counter protests against these anti-refuggee protests are usually larger , a lot larger b ) does n't matter your point was about the german goernment not listening to its own people do n't try to move goalposts ... 
  here is a survey regarding the opinion of germans on this topic : http://www.infratest-dimap.de/umfragen-analysen/bundesweit/ard-deutschlandtrend/2015/september/ 37 % find the current numbers of refugees ok , 33 % want less and 22 % want more . 
  96 % are in favor of taking refugees from wars / civil wars and only 28 % are in favor of taking people who don \u00b4 t find a job or have no perspective in their homecountry . 
  if you do it just because the terrorist told you to do it ( like you have an allergy or soemthign ) then do n't , if you however think about it on your own and then come to the conclusion that thats correct and the terrorist is simply sharing a view with you then you totally can . 
  just how you should n't try to protect animals because the nazis were animal lovers , but you should try to protect them if you yourself come to the conclusion if its the right thing to do whether or not the nazis did it . 
  ofcourse you could alternate the whole thing and say , do n't give in to terrorists when it comes to big desicions that can change a lot , like if a terrorist told me to go take a shit or he is going to bomb something , why would n't i take a shit ? 
  its not a big desicions that going to change my life , however if a terrorists wants to change the policy of an entire nation then you should n't give in !, 
  damn , i miss him :(, 
  what / u/doldenberg said , there have also been cases where nazi sympathising police have told nazis when they will be where on their shifts protcting asylum homes , so that they could set it aflame ... also there has been very little investigation against these arsonists there was like only one case properly investigated out of 200 + sooo yea that aswell seems suspicious :0, 
  did n't we do that in like the late 80s early 90s already ? 
  we already have guards infront of synagoges because of nazis and/or muslim terrorists sooo yea it seems atleast possible and we really have to counteract this , the police is doing almost nothing against them at the moment which is horrendous, 
  are you really trying to defend people that try to start fires in homes ? 
  it is not at all acceptable ... 
  the majority of germans is clearly against this , the majority of germans also does not have giant problems with refuggees coming here ( tho some want a few less most are okay with about the number coming here right now or even a few more according to polls ) so the german government is completely acting according to the population ... and even if it was n't , if it actually was making a few unpopular desicisions ( which usually have to be taken during crises tbf ) , unless they actually attack civilians there is no excuse for doing anything even close to setting fire to homes and trying to harm people ... 
  giving in to nazi terrorists is not the solution tho . 
  yes we should have a discussion ( which we in the german media aare actually having ) with moderate right etc. 
  but we should never give in to extrem right wing terrorism ... 
  not really , they have an aggreement with us on how many to take as far as i know ? 
  so they do it after talking to each other while hungrary and croatia just do it not caring about the other countries opinion , 
  then get a partner you can trust . - .
