  xenophobic retards beeing xenophobic retards , it seems to come in waves and they loose interest before starting it up again ... 
  the height of the greek crisis aswell as the height of the refuggee crisis seemed especially bad its getting kinda terrible now aswell . 
  but are they black tho ? 
  they did n't differentiate themselfs early enogh when they still had hype behind them , schulz is doing so now but its probably too late . 
  they stopped the constitutional court ( or is it called tribunal ? ), 
  from beeing able to stop any unconstitutional law about a year ago , thats what the first infringement inquiry against poland thats still going on is about . 
   to ordinary germans who have n't drank the kool aid like you , she 's just an overly emotional bitch who makes headless and destructive decisions ( abandoning nuclear power , flooding the country with hordes of young male uneducated muslims ) when she fears it might reflect badly on her in the history books . 
  wait if her desicions ensure her keeping a majority , then how does the ordinary german think that ? 
  dont you diss d\u00f6ner you retard wtf, 
  i think because the judical reform package is a much bigger deal than the other infringements, 
  sieg heiling at a public event also is a crime ... 
  we already have different groups such as this , v4 , the 3 seas , the nordic countries etc. 
  etc. , this group just represents the will of those countries ... 
  cannibalise ? 
  in what way ? 
  hungrary beeing part of the eu really feels weird , the fact that the eu was n't able to stop orban from getting to this point is depressing . 
  the asylum seekers increase spending , something that atleast in germany was massively spending , last years performance of the german economy was actually higher than expected and a lot of that is made out to be due to higher constumption due to more people beeing in the country atleast by the economists i 've read . 
  no but identitarians are neo nazis ... 
   public spending actually went down a bit though . 
  thats good when you are booming like that , no ? 
  they had , economically very similiar to the german one with less integration . 
  to say that the uk politicians did n't have a vision for the uk is misleading , its the public that wanted out not neccessarily the politicians . 
  france , germany , probably spain and italy aswell , and then probably anyone who wants to join ( but joining will mean giving up more sovereignity , more regulations etc. 
  ) , with maybe some joining criteria similiar to the euro ? 
  i doubt they 'd close it to any country out of spite , anyone who wants to integrate further is a success . 
  i do n't think a group like the one proposed above could ever be anything but one where countries that share a similiar vision can join , it makes no sense at all for germany or france to deny a country ( that fullfills maybe certain criteria about its economy ) to join . 
  what i think is more likely to happen is that this further integration and the benefits from it will be used as a positive incentive for countries to join into the franco-german vision if they want to . 
  making this an east vs west thing is retarded , i would aggree with that , each country individually is different and they should n't be grouped so grossly together ( especially now that even italy might be getting cold towards the eu ), 
  they can join or not depending if they want to or not , why should they care ? 
  i mean other countries also are n't upset they are n't part of v4 which is another multinational `` core '' within europe, 
  not hbo but arte and then later on netflix, 
   because antifa was torching cars and breaking stuff , it 's that simple no before that , on day 1 before any violence broke up, 
  covering your faces , is about comparable to doing the nazi salute , no ? 
  it is not a direct act of violence but might imply a readiness , also at that concert there were also completely masked people . 
  so once again in a very similiar scenario the police went aggressively after the left , but did n't do anything about the right , which is exactly my point . 
  you think so ? 
  i think the rightwing is more at fault here , making it extremely easy to recruit people, 
  when the police escalated violence in day 1 there was a single bottle thrown and the perpetraitor handed over to the police , those two examples are therefor comparable , one time the police escalated the situation one time they did n't, 
  what ? 
  no its the other way around , in hamburg the police was super aggressive , meanwhile the nsu ( nazi terrorist organisation ) received support and funding from out secret service , and in recent far right concert the police just stood by when the nazis there started sieg heiling ... left wing extremism gets far harsher reactions from the police ... 
  just because they are big companies should n't mean they can do whatever they want ... 
  yea currently there is no party that `` desserves '' a ban i do n't think . 
  political islam is defenitely a rightwing ideology not a left wing one . 
  this is about left/right wing extremism more so than islamism tbh . 
  so is hate preaching , however believing the holocaust did n't happen is not illegal in germany , neither is beeing an islamist . 
  i doubt it , since none of the resolutions of v4 that i 've read so far have talked about aid to italy/greece . 
  its usually just `` let them deal with it '' , which seems ... unhelpfull ? 
  really ? 
  which ones ? 
  roma ? 
  the protestants for a very long time were much more conservative/strict than the catholics , also seeing how islam has no centralised strucutre like catholicism had with the pope , i do n't see the benefits of a luther like reformation ... 
  the book is pretty funny , and the movie was okay aswell , do n't know what your problem with it is ... 
  was n't argentinia als the country that tried to force foreign companies to produce the stuff they sell in argentinia themselfs , and it totally backfired ? 
  where have i said biggest ? 
  but 7 killed and countless houses burned means that you ca n't just ignore them ... 
  the far right is n't fighting against islamists tho they are fighting against any kind of foreigner ... also i was talking about far right kills limited to germany only , there were no 21.000 killed in terror attacks in germany ... 
  i do n't think ordinary germans care about finding aryan mates ... 
  zdf is not funded by the government , but through a public fee the right to which they have via the constitution , they are therefor not state media has the government has no control over them , not in editorial or monetary sense . 
   he made a huge state  thats communism . 
  i do n't think you know how communism works ... 
  thats not the definition of socialist tho , infact the `` state projects '' were mostly overseen by private companies which in corporationism are given free reign to whatever they want , thats the opposite of socialism ... 
  i 'm mean she 's retiring she has to do something with her free time now , right ? 
  there have been like 7 kills by far right people in 2016 alone , witnesses to the 2011 convicted terror group nsu , a far right terror organisation that planted multiple bombs and killed people aswell as distributed propaganda are still dying for random reasons right before they have to go to court . 
  to make it seem like far right extremism is an ignorable problem is pretty retarded ... 
  no the bverfg said that a runkfunkrat with too many politicians is unconstitutional , therefor limiting the power of politicians , making it more separate , that goes completely against an arguement of them beeing currently state media . 
  the government does n't pay them , they have the constitutional right to demand money from every household . 
  and trade stuff etc. 
  can still be done without article 7 , the only thing that can be vetoed by hungrary is article 7 ... 
  but it does n't thats why the eu currently has a process against poland going on . 
  ofcourse a country can technically do whatever it wants and breach any treaty or contract etc. 
  the problem is that other countries will react ... 
  they represent the people unless they break the law , and until the next election , i 'm sorry it does n't work like that , governments that do unpopular things still represent the people ... 
  and i 'd like them to punish that aswell ? 
  the officials were elected , they had a democratic mandate , you ca n't just reverse that after every election , thats now how representative democracy works ... 
  well we are n't afterall the quota was a free vote which every country could vote against and a small country gets as much say as a big country ... 
  i do n't see how that is relevant to the arguement about wether or not a political party can become a religion . 
  its funny that you respond with this message to a guy shouting about conspiracies ... 
  it ca n't get the same status as a religion , thats impossible , it can represent a religion ( like the christian parties used to ) but it ca n't be itself a religion thats legally impossible . 
  a political party ca n't be a religion, 
  and just letting them do whatever they want without any repercussions would be the better option ? 
  she can support south stream while supporting other stuff aswell ? 
  merkel literally wrote a letter to the eu calling for more support for the southstream project ? 
  south stream failure is not connected to the sanctions tho ? 
  that was an entirely different thing ... 
  the first round of sanctions were something the eu enacted themselfs , why should they threaten the us about something they did themselfs ? 
  you 've never seen french protests huh ? 
  germany officially pushed for the south stream , so i do n't see any hypocrisy here . 
  it would be a different situation if germany did go against south stream but for north stream , but the official german position has been incredibly pro south stream , and north stream 2 only happened after south stream completely failed because there needed to be an alternative then ... 
  germany already lost multiple of billions of dollar because of previous sanctions , stop making shit up pretending that only now sanctions would impact germany negatively and that that is the reason they supported the previous ones : https://www.ft.com/content/45eea262-5f72-11e4-a882-00144feabdc0, 
  source ? 
  are you actually claiming that the sanctions did n't hurt germany ? 
  germany has lost multiple billions of $ in exports because of those sanctions : https://www.ft.com/content/45eea262-5f72-11e4-a882-00144feabdc0 stop making stuff up, 
   `` europe '' did n't care about the european interests being harmed , when it was eastern-europe , now it suddenly cares when it 's their own . 
  what ? 
  germany allowned lost double the amount in exports than what the us exports to russia in total , to pretend that germany was n't hit by the earlier sanctions is ridiculous ... 
  source on germany loosing a shit ton of money on exports because of previous sanctions : https://www.ft.com/content/45eea262-5f72-11e4-a882-00144feabdc0, 
  italy and austria , aswell as hungrary are also against this , infact germany was one of the countries pushing to elongate the already existing sanctions ... 
  because the eu would be hid by those sanctions , ofcourse that will make him angry ... 
  the eu already is the country that sacrifices more for the existing sanctions due to them having more economic activity with russia than the us does ... 
  as someone who studies physics and has therefor a bit of an understanding of maths .
