  well there were actually investigations if it was unconstitutional to send them back to border countries as they were no longer able to feed or house them , also if you want to stem this you need to strengthen the border countries , so letting them collapse under the mass of refuggees is defenitely not the way to go !, 
  you mean that she is doing nothing to solve this ? 
  actually she is , firstly a lot of strict laws have been passed/will be passed shortly , allowing for quicker deportation , for more a quicker asylum process , aswell as cutting benefits and some other stuff , and cutting all benefits to anyone that is not granted asylum . 
  she also is negoatiating with turkey to try and make turkey an official safe country , which means they have to take them and we do n't , in exchange we would give them money and easier visa for turkey aswell as open the possibility for people to claim asylum from turky . 
  she is also organising how the different states deal with it , since we need to regain order in order to be able to plan and deal with this . 
  she is also looking into helping countries along the way take care of refuggees , negotiating and such , trying to improve the situation in the camps so people do n't even have the idea to flee . 
  and is trying to get the eu to step up and pull its weight in syria so that we eliminate the reason people are fleeing in the first place . 
  so all in all i think she is doing decently well atleast with the restrictions our constitution is placing on her !, 
  or what do you think is completely wrong that she is actually doing ? 
  or even better , what would be your method to solve this , without breaking the constitution , international law , or let the eu kill itself because the border countries collapse and every hope of regulating this dies with them ? 
  stupid argument really , but i guess its easy for someone who does n't live in germany or understand german culture to literally tie everything back to the nazis if they do n't like it . 
  `` oh you did pressure a country or do something in our own interest ? 
  well the nazis did that ! '', 
  `` oh you try to help people eventhough it might not benefit you directly ? 
  well thats your stupid nazis guilt you idiot ! '', 
  it is such a simple worldview , why not actually find out what is going on and why germany and germans are acting the way they do , because i for one do n't feel at all guilty sorry :3, 
  how is she responsible for this ? 
  explain please ... 
  they want to , the problem is with winter approaching and tens of thousands beeing in only tents still , we need to house them very quickly now while getting more suitable stuff ready , the article points out this is supposed to be only a temporary solution till stuff is ready for them !, 
  which is why it is temporary , winter is coming and right now the most important thing is to not let anybody freeze to death !, 
  statistics for the bike thefts going up please ? 
  the last few times people called out about thefts that refuggees apparently made at supermarkets , the supermarket owner had to come out and say that its all lies , and then he got insulted by the rightwingers for saying the actual truth ... 
  so i would really want to see actual statistics and not just hearsay , its an incredibly complex conversation anyways , no need to make it worse than it is =p, 
  idk about radio station ( i do n't listen to those they are all generally crap ) but tv shows aswell as news articles show both sides , even the taz the most leftist big newspaper we have let their conservative editor write a negative opinion piece about the influx of refuggees in germany . 
  what german radio stations are you listening to and what other media are you consuming to get this opinion is what i 'm wondering , since it does not at all fit with my experience as someone who has lived all of my life in germany ... 
  any syrian sure , but not people that pretend to be syrian ... 
  you think you can loose an accent or get better at a language using your smartphone ? 
  and they obviously are n't always asking the same questions about geography ... 
  is n't diewelt and some others pretty much against the refuggee situation , i 've seen a lot of stuff , but i think its good that there is no single one super clearly against or for it , the one most for it would be taz , but even they allow their more right leaning editors to write some anti refuggee stuff , so they are not more pro it than welt is against it , and the rest like spiegel etc. 
  write both sides depending on who is writing !, 
  i actually like that , that the newspapers do n't super clearly position themselfs !, 
  wait what country is doing that ? 
  o_o that sounds pretty stupid lol over here , if authorities are n't sure you are syrian as you claim to be , they have you read texts and interpret them while looking for you accent etc. 
  and how much you understand the language , aswell as ask you about local geographie from where you claim to be and some other stuff ... just accepting anyone that claims to be syrian without looking for any kind of proof sounds kinda ... stupid :0, 
  not really , no ... that argument is kinda not too good , thats like me saying that 1/3 is just racist and thats why they hate brown people and merkel !, 
  thats not an argument , neither is yours ... 
  itll probably still be the same , the 1/3 is mostly people that would have said so no matter what !, 
  also this polling company is kinda weird , its headed by the advisor of one of the rightwing parties , that have `` getting rid of merkel '' basically on their programm soooo i 'd take this with a huge grain of salt !, 
  i 'm going to try and vote for a party that has a plan on how to deal with this situation without breaking our constitution !, 
  but i guess , you do you or something !, 
  nah we just cheated on the test using a man with a fake fat belly to show how it could handle siegmar ( whoever that siegmar guy may be :0 ), 
  different forms yes , but the exact term `` l\u00fcgenpresse '' has only really been by neo-nazis since the nazis made it a mainstay of their rethorik , you can say the exact same thing differently in german , but this one exact version is nazi/neo-nazi rethorik ... ofcourse b4 the nazis made it their thing back in the day different groups used it , but thats unimportant ever since the nazis it has only been nazis and neonazis , that said that the press is lying with the exact word `` l\u00fcgenpresse '', 
  makes way more sense , i completely forgot about that song , thanks !, 
  i think he may be talking about this song btw : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2kodxkcit7e, 
  what does isis have to do with this ? 
  intelligence agencies have already come out saying it is unlikely that isis would go the risk of hiding inbetween the refuggees , the risk of dying is to big , and with the money they have they can easily buy fake passports aswell as a flight ticket to europe lol, 
  that is n't true at all , do you even consume german media ? 
  there has been tons of stuff for both sides , heck even the most leftwing big newspaper of germany has posted stuff against asylum seekers so they give a voice to both sides of the story , like what the fuck even . 
  and the guy literally was posing for hitler i 'm sorry but if you use nazi rethoric ( and you can , as has been done hundreds of times in talkshows or newsarticles talk about this subject perfectly fine without using literal nazi rethoric ) and pose as hitler , aswell as write xenophobic shit to your friends on facebook ( which came out because iirc . 
  they were stupid enough to use the wrong security settings on their group in facebook where they posted that shit ) then i 'm sorry but one has to atleast wonder if they go somewhat in that direction now ? 
  why ? 
  it was a term only used by the nazis and neo-nazis since like 1933 , ofcourse there are gon na be connections if you use it , its like if i was asking for a `` endl\u00f6sung '' of the immigration problem ... 
  really ? 
  most people here are anti-immigrants , and most people here refer to people pro-immigration to idiots , communists , leftwing goodpeople or whatever ... 
  i actually have n't seen much use of the word nazi on this sub recently , could you link to some examples of people calling other people nazis wrongly ? 
  it has been used since 1945 by several neo-nazi groups and then as you already know recently pegida , so i have to aggree , they ought to have known that this term is loaded , why would you not use a term of your own to say the exact same stuff instead of using something only nazis and neonazis have used since like 1933 ... ( b4 it used to be a more widespread term even used by the communist i believe ? ), 
  it did , but it was part of the main rethoric of the nazis when they were n't in power , and was also commonly used by neonazis , all throught recent history , the fact that these people started to use a term they had to know was so often used by neo-nazis and neo-nazis only is kinda weird to me , like what were they thinking was the reaction gon na be ? 
  that has seemed to be the strategy on the right for long , i remember one talkshow with prominent conservative/rightwing people recently that i wanted to watch to get their point of view better , however they simply continuously complained about `` things one is not allowed to say '' while saying these things 5 minutes later , which btw . 
  were statements ( like we ca n't take everyone in the whole world ) that had been made for many months now in the press , on talkshows etc. 
  ( even germanys most leftwing newspaper of the big ones allowed one of their conservative writers to write an opinion peice saying these things ) , so i really did n't understand where they came from . 
  this constant victimisation does n't help with any debate at all , its simply just really weird ... 
  if you can give me a solution to turn them away aswell as force the gulf states to take them in that does n't break our constitution , sure !, 
  also , if you base your opinion on how happy people are with this thing off of this demonstration , then that would mean people are beeing more and more happy as of late , as this same demonstration used to be 25k people strong earlier on , and is becoming less relevant now , so people must be loving it !, 
  or we could use statistics ( which do infact indicate a lot of people are unhappy ) instead of one demonstration ... 
  7k to 8k is pretty low tbh . 
  they shrank a lot from their heyday , now this whole refuggee crisis is keeping them alive , as did them radicalising ( radicals are more likely to stay with compared with people that only have a bit of an opinion on something ) but they will most likely never grow to the 25k they had at one point, 
  never has been suggested by merkel , since this is exactly what she wants to do , the racist part ( which i do n't 100 % aggree with but thats what the idiots are saying ) is that the uk doesnt want to take any in in order to help clear the thing in the short term while we set up turkey and other states to house them aswell as centers outside of the eu where people can apply for asylum . 
  that is what merkel plans to do , dump them was probably the wrong word , but its going to be hella expensive , turkey currently only houses and feeds 1/5 of refuggees in its borders , they ca n't take care of the rest of them , and since those refuggees are never allowed to work in turkey its very expensive to care of all of them . 
  knowing our `` besorgte b\u00fcrger '' they will probably cry murder if we send billions of euros to turkey, 
  is n't that also what merkel suggests , she aims to make turkey an official safe country , so we can dump refuggees there , our part of the deal would be to help pay for them and make visa aquisation easier for turks !, 
  interesting , this goes completely against what i experienced !, 
  :0 i guess assholes are everywhere , mind tell me what the town name was ? 
  never saw break down crying , but yea the act very different when hearing this , they are told that germans are all super rich and every german has giant houses unlimited money etc. 
  ofcourse when you come to a country with this view it is very easy for you to assume people do n't give you stuff out of malice since you assume that everyone has a ton of shit , then why do n't they give you atleast your own separate room ? 
  but once they find out how things really work here they become much more concerned about this stuff and are much more thankfull for everything knowing how much it really is that they are getting !, 
  why woud we burry ? 
  the most important things about the nazi regime are the holocaust and how it treated ordinary people , what do i need to know the specifics of stalingrad or whatever different battle off , i will never be a military commander , but knowing the social issues that lead to the nazis aswell as how ordinary germans aswell as foreigners and minorities wwere treated , what laws they used etc. 
  that stuff is waaaaaaaaaaay more important than whatever battle ... 
  what about all those europeans that banged british chicks while the chicks were in europe or they went to britain ? 
  :0 europe stronger in britain ? 
  it does ? 
  well it does n't remind me of the darkest time o_o loading people on a train to send them to camps tho , now thats a classic reference !, 
  does n't work sorry , because knowing the exact local geography aswell as beeing able to fluently red interpret in the langauge aswell as speak without a very weird accent are all things you must fullfill if they have doubts about you beeing syrian :(, 
  if they have specific knowledge of the geography aswell as speak the language without an accent than this could actually work maybe !, 
  as far as i know they have n't yet claimed responsibility for this attack , and they usually do really fast and really proudly, 
  well it was n't in europe and it was n't to completely white people , that would rank the importance up a lot , that is sadly how it orks : /, 
  if the eu turkey deals come into effect , it would be much easier for you to go outside of turkey !, 
  so just a headsup , 
  probably slaughtered all 48 million of them for lasagna ... mhhhmmm, 
  ohh ... well damn thats just an asshole thing to say xd was n't poland compared to many european countries one of the least cooperative towards the nazis , i mean sure there were quite a few poles that helpe but still not that many and in comparison not at all , compared to places like lithuania iirc :0, 
  nah , why would we think that ? 
  have you ever watched german tv or read german media ? 
  plenty of people that are n't nazis or are n't called nazis are against the current status ( opposing all immigration btw is kinda more racist , but i think you just worded your comment a bit weirdly so i 'll assume you meant the current refuggee situation ) , tons of people on talkshows argue against it ( but there are also tons of people on the other side ) without beeing called nazis . 
  heck even the taz the most left-wing of the big newspapers recently published an opinion piece by a rightwing writer criticising the current situation and how people deal with it and calling for strict stuff ... 
  i really do n't understand how you 'd come to this conclusion , unless ofcourse you do n't actually know any german media and base you idea of it all off of internet stuff , in which case ... do n't do that , its really not a smart thing to do at all lol, 
  it would and it would be horrible as a soft power for us , however getting ee angry is also bad for a soft power like us ... its kinda a stupid place we are in right now huh =p, 
  what did he say ? 
  almost impossible tho , they did n't get much support last time , they failed in all but one city , and now they are radicalising themselfs ( back then you were able to kinda take them seriously , eventhough the entire leadership has a criminal neonazi past , quite a few of the protestors were `` normal '' people , but that changed they got more radical and radical ) , so while they were already getting smaller , they now sustain themselfs because their followers are more hardcore now however it is increasingly unlikely that more people join because of that !, 
  no it was that stupid , the cdu itself also was heavily against having quotas , so yea ... 
  but it was n't , thats the fucked up thing with it , and thats why eastern europe is now going so hard against redistribution :0,
