  also i know its erasmus ( sorry was a typo ) , however eventhough it might now be an eu thing ( i thought it was but i guess im wrong then ) , its a european thing that the uk probably wo n't like , because right now , eu/erasmus students coming over to study do n't pay anything ( thats part of the aggreement ) while uk students pay , so i imagine if the uk leaves the eu , they would also get rid of this , since it seems kinda unfair , and i do n't see the uk dropping all university fees all of the sudden ... 
  but to my understanding i would have to pay the usual uk fees if the uk is not part eu and eurasmus , and i personally as a student do n't have a lot of money , and my family is just middle class , so i am not sure they can afford the housing and the fees for studying at the same time . 
  goddamnit , and i wanted to travel and maybe even study a semester in the uk ( eurasmus and such ) , but i ca n't right now , and soon the uk might leave ... 
  damn it , why does n't the whole country care about just my problems d : ill send you guys fliers to stay in the eu till i had my semester there !, 
  i do n't know how they want to do that , maybe by keeping some nuclear power plants longer than the new plan wanted them ? 
  anyways , if that actually works , then i 'm happy , go germany :d, 
  :-d * if you want to i can do that , but i 'm not sure if that will help you all that much . 
  finally something good coming from my country again , 
  as a german i have to say i am disgusted and saddened how my government dealt with this crisis . 
  yea sure we can fucking send weapons to syria in a moments notice , to give more revenue to our weapon industry and `` help '' the civil war . 
  but we take 3/4 of a year to respond to ebola and we pay way to little , and way to late ... just shows you the priorities , fucking sick ... 
  thats because b4 germany paid more than it should have , if it was the other way around you would be up in arms saying how the other eu members are slavking off and basically cheating you , and letting u pay fot everything ... do we really have to make every thread involving the ik about this now ? 
  i thought the whole point of this was that since 2002 u were not payibg ur fair share and now have to pay the money not paid b4 ?? 
  germany for example is not only the biggest met contributor ( yes actually quite a bit more than the uk ) but also overpaid while the uk was underpaying . 
  that doesnt seem fair to me ... 
  applies to munich and most of bavaria i know too though . 
  also people here pay with cash a lot of the time , there are unwriten rules that are specific to each area here , also people get really gossipy/judgemental/deathstary / angry if u break any of the written or unwritten rules !, 
  the closest thing anything goid we have here in germany is `` die anstalt '' , they are mostly german centered ( its all obviously in german but im sure ull find subtitles somewhere ) , but deals with europe stuff aswell , like the ukraine crisis , the euro crisis , scotland , ukip etc. 
  and also global affairs like fifa , war in the me etc. 
  i personally ennjoy them a lot , sadly they only produce like 5 episodes a year , you can easily find videos of full episodes all over youtube , the reason behind that , i explained elsewhere . 
  i mean there is also the heute show , but its more for old people and even then as far as im concerned is complete rubbish :(, 
  yea i never liked the heute show tbh . 
  i guess thats just because im too young to be their audience . 
  i personally do however enjoy `` neues aus der anstalt '' or even the new version `` die anstalt '' , i think those are waaaaay funnier and also not as tame , just wish they would have shows more often . 
  u can find their shows pretty easily , even with english subs , many people have uploaded `` die anstalt '' to youtube , because the channel ( zdf ) isnt allowed to store them on their website for people to watch online . 
  why ? 
  because they are/were sued by news papers/news organisations , after showing that many journalists and high ranking guys sit in/have high positions in different organisations they are supposed to be critical of ( like organisation that propose actions to the government , the question was , can they write actually critical stuff and inform about government action their bosses or they themself proposed to the government ) so news organisation were like : fawk u , we need these seats so we get information , we are gon na sue u for saying bad stuff about us !!, 
  so yea everyone should be able to find episodes easily on youtube , 
  i mean at the time they were still an empire , so i guess the positives to joining something like that were worse and the negatives higher than they are nowadays , soo i dont fault them for that at the time , 
  in the case of greece tho , the crew were in the dining hall partying and drinking and spending waay more than they ever could afford while not taking care of the ship , meanwhile the current captains ( two brothers ) worked hard and tirelessly , the western brother just bought the eastern brother out of slavery and had to pay so he could have some living standards . 
  the two brothers counted every single penny spent , cut down on living expenses and huge benefit programs , and slowly but surely worked themselfs up , once they were the captain at the top , they paid for their entire crew that was partying in the expensive dining room before , because those could n't afford to pay . 
  atleast that is the opinion in germany ... and no we are not blaming the greek people ( yea som old people are but for the most part people do n't ) , we blame their corrupt government that fucked them over , and borrowed waaay too much money , to increase their wages at a higher rate than the ecnomy grew and to build a giant , inefficient social benefit apparatus , that wasted money ( could have been spend cleaner i mean , not that social benefits in general a bad ) and improved the livestyle at a cost greece could n't take , and all of that just to get reelected . 
  in the meantime , germany cut down on its social benefits etc. 
  and cut a lot of spending , to remain succesfull and competitiv internationally aswell as stem the tide of costs from reunification ... 
  i am not saying the current policies are correct , they are defenitely not , the inflation rate should atleast be around 2 % not those weird like 0.3 % we have currently , also some of the austerity cuts seem a bit too strict , however reforms and quite a bit austerity are needed to get things on the right track again , because just shoveling money into a fucked up system wo n't help either ... 
  but that is just my view and the view of quite a few germans i spoke to , 
  well the problem with that is , that even b4 the crisis , the french economy was suffering while france was spending a lot , so it seems they either aren #t good at spending ( in the right way ) or it does n't work for some reason . 
  ofcourse thats my uneducated thoughts on this , so i would love for people to clarify and help me out , 
  well that just means that from 2002 till now you have paid 1 $ too little , and now have to pay later for it ... 
  i mean , you guys agreed to that like 4 years ago ... 
  so its not like its a big surprise and you have to pay it in 6 weeks without anyone telling you so b4 ... 
  i think it was aggreed upon in 2010 , i dont know who was in charge at that time in the uk , however from all i have gathered , the later governments/finance ministers could actually propose changes if it seemed unfit , seems like the uk just did n't and now is angry . 
  or that is how that looks to me , 
  well its hard to draw a line when most of the people in the countries do n't actually care that much about it lol i mean we could always go down the british route and just draw straight lines everywhere , lets give the side closer to the netherlands to germany and the other one to the netherlands , cuz why not ? 
  we germans do indeed have some very fucked up very dark humour from time to time , we just ca n't convey them to foreigners like you brits can , i love watching british comedy , german comedy for foreigners gets really weird lol, 
  yes a few british soldiers did , the crown then tried to investigate and get them back ( since they were/are related to the german former royalty , so they were like , sure we will help you out ) , those were never found . 
  the family that protected the crownjewels ( the kaiser did n't have them after ww1 ) asked the crown then ( i think the queen was like the aunt or cousin or something ) , but they could n't find it anymore , it is believed that those were already sold on the blackmarket ( after beeing reshaped etc. ) . 
  the british actually stole lots of things , i just recently saw a documentary , the soldiers were laughing about it and proud how they took watches and everything valuable they were like : `` the officers told us not to , but us guys who were moving in first , looking for nazi 's just took whatever we could when the officers were n't looking hehehe nice german stuff hehehe ... '', 
  b-but evil germany forced us into helping them all along , thats why we switched sides at the end !!, 
  i know most italians do n't actually think that way ( atleast the ones i talked to do n't ) , just beeing stupid and making them good ol' jokes !, 
  edit : now i want to know , which part offended you guys ? 
  lol , that would mean we can sue the british for stealing the crown jewels and most of the other allies for stealing other stuff ? 
  :0 ohh and switzerland for taking our nazi moneys :d seriously tho , i do n't think any important party ever actually aggreed upon sueing germany ( in the last 20 years i mean ofc . ), 
  would n't that be basically the same ? 
  right now , the eu demands more money proportionally to your economy , with demanding a cut of the taxes , the eu would demand money proportionally to your toxes which depend on your economy , it seems like basically the same thing to me . 
  how else would you do it then ? 
  well obviously we all love socialism and helping each other , if we get benefits from it , but the second you have to pay yourself , many people just say : fuck it ... 
  but it always worked like this , each country pays based on their economy , germany still pays the most and i see no outcry about this . 
  the money goes to weaker nations to help and get their economy going , that for example is one of the reasons why especially west poland has pretty good infrastructure and has been experiencing a lot of econmic growth ... 
  as far as i know , we here in germany still pay the most , this has nothing to do with austerity or no austerity tho , the better ur economy the more u pay to help the economies of weaker nations . 
  or thats the thought behind this tax . 
  yea its faster than an elevator , since u are not only moving into y , but also x direction at the same time . 
  its coordinated so that places near each other start and end work in atleast 5 minute differences to everyone else , so no bumping in each other , its quite beautiful seeing constant parachutes every day , 
  can we join , can we join ? 
  :d we can also play hardball with gas , have many years of ze experience u will be impressed !!, 
  i already live in that so called one party dictorcracy :d lol why do the people in bavaria vote ? 
  because they already know the outcome , victory for their glorious leader :0, 
  i mean they did send us into war two times , that basically what capitals and the people living within ( referring to politician but having to use this description so i can use it to portray austrian people ) , do , send people to war and then take we less off the burden if stuff goes wrong :d awwe just kidding , i love you my southern neighbours < 3, 
  is it bad that im disappointed in my country for not fetting more ?? 
  oo looks like we need to step up our game !, 
  can we then get merkel placcats , but this time instead of a hitler beard , ith a jesus beard and a halo behind her ? 
  :d u know she could grow it < 3, 
  idk , maybe its like with a crazy person or an addict , that there is a thing that is not the addiction itself/beeing crazy itself that triggers the rest ... like , if we get our hands on uniforms we start turning into weird militaristic nationalistic warmongerers ? 
  if it makes you happies , i really like greece , when i was a little kid we did go there for vacation once , it was amazing , really beautiful and iirc a lot of nice people , i remember even getting an icecream for free once :3 i hope the whole crisis will be over sometimes soon ( i dont think my government has handled the situation perfectly/correctly eventhough i aggree with reforms needed and some cuts but together with more printed money and also some increases in spending in other areas , i also do n't think that the greek government handled everything correctly and think it would have fucked up to this point/close to that point even without the euro , atleast from my understanding ) and we can all live happily in peace together , with german bathing towels everywhere < 3 lol i did n't want this to become political rant , i am sorry :( just wanted to make u feel better . 
  i was n't frequent on reddit or watching much stuff outside of germany at that time , do you have any link or something that would show me like shows or some old reddit posts , like that i can see how they reacted ? 
  :d thank you very much if you can actually make that happen . 
  or poland , or france ... . . god i need another visit into the anti-uniform anstalt , getting addicted once again ... but the scent ... so sweet ... mhhhmmm can you feel it , hugo boss ? 
  hehe getting overwhelmed here , ill just try and focus tht energy on something productive , like not standing in queue properly or beeing punctual :d, 
  yea , out current plans of buying greece etc. 
  is actually way cheaper that the last few experiments we had to take control of it :d, 
  i never said it was inconsistent with neo nazi views xdd i just found it funny and responded to a guy that thought they would make do that some time , to point out they already are :d, 
  ehh right now they really really hate muslims , because those are the ones immigrating to germany waaay more than jews , thats why they hate muslims more now , and eventhough there is still a lot of hatred for jews they are like : well atleast they are in a far away place and not in germany , and they kill muslims that want to go here , yaaay go state of israel !, 
  :d fucking horrible people ... 
  yes that is really really weird , then again we have a bit harder than the us , the us is all about immigrants going there building their own future and coming together from all parts of the world . 
  so it might be easier to get integrated/integrate into that kind of a society , as opposed to europe were most countries have 1000 + years worth of history ( not saying all countries existed in their current form for that long , but that thats on the people minds that thats history the people there identify with ) , of their ancestors etc. 
  this btw is not trying to make an excuse for us beeing stupid/bad at integrating these people into our society , we clearly need to be better at it , however it was just an interesting point i thought about :d, 
  there are several neo nazi 's in germany that actually supported the state of israel because those kill of muslims , who are the people they hate more right now o_o, 
  ehhh i am naturally bad at tl ; dr , maybe u as a finn that is schooled in the art of tl ; dr can reply to it in form of an tl ; dr ? 
  :d would be awesome !, 
  tl ; dr : i love you anyways < 3, 
  ahaha maybe :d, 
  a bit , but depending on the person it can actually be exactly like that , but always is atleast 50-70 % as strong as that ... atleast here where i live . 
  in germany beeing late is really really fucking bad . 
  i can tell you how it is here in this part of bavaria ( near/in munich ) , do consider bavaria infact is not all of germany , and people here ( i can say that since i 've always lived ehre ) tend to be a bit more ... hardcore and weird lets say ... soo if you are 5 minutes late , seen as chaotic and a bit weird , people wo n't get too angry about it but think of you as very disorganized and therefor not that good to work with etc. 
  10 minutes late , your are getting towards incompetent , why would anyone work with someone that is that late , he probably ca n't even count to ten , do n't give those people important tasks or trust them with important stuff in general . 
  15 minutes , do n't trust that person , they do n't care about you , who the fuck would late you wait 15 minutes , an asshole that just uses you , never give them too much information they really ca n't be trusted , either through sheer incompetence or because they are backstabbing assholes . 
  20 minutes or more , its basically that person insulting you , ofcourse it depends on how long you wait for how big of an insult it is , 20 is just a decent little insult , like calling somone fat or a fucking idiot , it then goes all the way up to worthless piece of shit :d ofcourse , if it only happens once its not too bad , germans might have this in the back of their head , but will easily forget it again once you talk some more , however if you are an repeat offender , they will think of you as described above . 
  you ofcourse can use excuses , blaming the german trains works really really well in germany , everyone hates them , if you use them twice a day , they will be late atleast once or twice a week for like 5 minutes each which is ofcourse unnaceptable . 
  but you ca n't always blame it on stuff , only use the train card few and far between , like 6 times a year , and if you overall use too many different excuses , then no excuse will ever work again and what they think of you will be about 5 minutes worse than it would have normally be . 
  so yea , we take beeing punctual kinda seriously over here :d,
