  `` more than 90 % of refuggees from syria want to move back to syria , however for 52 % of them it is neccessary for assad not to be in power to be able to return , only 8 % want to stay in europe permanently ... '', 
  because it does n't enforce your view on things ? 
  according to surveys about 90 % of them really want to return , and i 'm sure we can send with the 10 % left , 
  https://www.tagesschau.de/inland/fluechtlinge-zahlen-103.html not that many , but that is because a lot of them go home on their own ( again most of the ones not getting asylum are from the balkans ) so the government only starts pressuring once they are here for a longer time despite not getting asylum . 
  according to the npd there were 600k people that did n't get aslyum here in germany , remember this is the npd ( literal nazi party ) so the number is waaay too large its probably half of that https://npd.de/600-000-abgelehnte-asylbewerber-leben-in-deutschland/ so seeing as over 40 % of the applications are not `` gedulden '' or accepted but did n't get anything : http://www.berlin-institut.org/online-handbuchdemografie/bevoelkerungspolitik/deutschland/asylbewerber-in-der-brd.html and since the 90s you have had about 3-5 million asylum seekers you can easily see that not a lot of the 40 % stay here !, 
  which country are you from ? 
  france ? 
  because a guy was trying to shoot up muslims there  ( and killed one ) so i would n't call that control =p, 
  yea he 's a scary foreigner is n't he ? 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  you voted for it , so do n't complain too much , germany does not control the eu by itself despite whatever hallucinations are going on in your mind ... 
  so running from russia makes you better than running from isis ? 
  you do n't have to try , we even influential people in germany ( lutz bachman the leader of pegida ) that say that there probably is no war in syria and that its all propaganda ... 
  so yea ... 
  `` the truth '' huh ? 
  and atleast in germany we send most that are n't from syria back , people from the balkans ( which makes up almost half of the asylum applications ) do n't get asylum here , so i do n't see the problem if the administration is already taking care of that ? 
  the us took ours and did n't give it back ; - ; so much for just storing it < . <, 
  i wonder why this gets all the downvotes d =, 
  so you are saying ever refuggee = terrorist ? 
  that has to be one of the most retarded things i 've heard all week haha, 
  can you spare a bit ? 
  they have n't it never says you have to shove them back , and it was questionable if sending them back was violating article one of our constitution , saying that human dignity is untouchable , this was due to the bad state greece and italy were in , there were simply to many poeple there to take care off . 
  therefor you could n't ensure that the people send back would get proper food shelter and/or medicine , since the situation was already going downhill , at that point it was decided to not send them back , there was already an ongoing investigation which could have forced the government to do this either way , 
  so he was just like the call of duty dog they killed off for emotional investment rip ; - ;, 
  they are human , human that do disgusting horrible stuff , but they are still human , beeing capable of doing this stuff is sadly a part of human nature ... 
  if we ever want to deal with the problem , we should not separate them as non-humans , saying humans are soo great and these assholes just are n't human , no it is reality that their actions are very much in line with human behavior and we need to understand that ... 
  thanks for the link , will read up on it, 
  and we kinda helped finance a few jihads during wwii < . <, 
  we did get a choice that the us destablizied the middle east and directly contributed to the rise of isis ? 
  i did n't know that o_o i thought we/schr \u00f6der was trying pretty hard together with the french president to show that we do n't support this stupid campaign in any way shape or form , i guess we should have been louder , huh :0, 
  i think most parties are against illegal immigration , if you speak about refuggees however , not a lot of parties are , since you ca n't be without going against the constitution , all the proposals they have actually come out said ( usually they just say vague bullshit ) would get struck down by the constitutional court , which obviously is horrible for when you try to rule stuff . 
  therefor you have to work within the boundaries given to you , and therefor you ca n't dissallow all refuggees , 
  then look at alfa , its where all the oldguard of the afd did go too after their project had been hijacked by the far right , 
  because a lot of their people believe germany is controlled by the islamofascist us that wants to get rid of the german people , and want putin as a counterpart to them since they believe he will fight for the germans freedom and stuff similiar to this : /, 
  i voted for die linke because i felt that the spd shat on all its values =p but people voting for the afd generally hate everything to do with die linke i 'd assume haha, 
  not intelectual anymore , they got rid of the economic wing of the party , right now they have climate change deniers and conspiracy theorists as some of their main candidates , 
  do n't you know they want to kill every last `` true german '' and by true german i obvious do n't mean that scum that immigrated here and is not ethnically german for 50 generations atleast !, 
  or some shit like that , yea its getting really funny in here =p, 
  die linke might have quite a few idiots , but in the last couple of years , they have shown their worth as an opposition party , like a lot they have been absolutely neccessary ... 
  really ? 
  which ones have n't had big swings after important events ? 
  thats a bit of a selfish thing to say , no ? 
  having hungrary jail them , pay for the expenses and such seems kinda not good : /, 
  you know that inside turkey kurds are the most conservative group of people right ? 
  they have by far ( like 90 % ) the majority of the honor killings , and many vote conservative and hold very antiquated views . 
  infact the progressives in turkey , are the turks living in the big cities ... 
  much of europe these days is turning into nationalist cunts , they will fit right in :(, 
  ofcourse a german would n't just starting saying things in english , he would say something in german ( because he was not responding to anything he made a statement of his own , ofcourse if someone came up and asked the german : why does n't turkey get into the eu ? 
  then he would respond in german ) . 
  seeing as how the turkish guy is responding to it , he ( because many turks know german ) would respond in german ... 
  is n't that just logical ? 
  oh i thoght it was okay , since the charlie hebdo cover was also permitted ? 
  i do n't see a particular difference between these two ... 
  i was talking about marching into iraq , which directly lead to isis ( the first isis leaders , were former iraqi government officials aswell as army officers , and they used the destabilisation of the region to get more and more ground ), 
  when you are talking about new immigrants i honestly wonder why not ? 
  we have quite high requirements for immigrants to be accepted so we get well educated people in general that benefit society ( ofcourse talking about non-eu immigration , eu immigration is generally not as skilled as the requirements are lower ) if you are talking about refuggees then thats because greece and italy were collapsing so sending them back would have been kinda not so good maybe even against our constitution , and if we do n't use dublin iii to send them back then we have to take the ones that fullfill the asylum requirements ... 
  oh checking on mosques that are likely to preach hate , and checking muslims that have shown signs of doing bad shit , is totally fine , thats already happening here in germany atleast . 
  the whole statement of monitoring all muslims however seems a bit orwellian , atleast that was my interpretation . 
  and i 'm not really pc at all , sorry to dissappoint you , i just have a different political viewpoint =p, 
  it still seems pretty idiotic monitoring everyone that votes cdu/csu or more right , like there would be giant protests against that with almost unanimous support from everyone in the public , maybe we germans just have a different mindset i guess o_o, 
  you would have to look , a terrorist attack that kills hundreds of people does n't happen in western europe all that often , someone stabbing someone else to death happens a lot , so even if you factore in the hundreds dead , you would most likely still come out with unemployed people beeing higher in the murder rate most likely as it just happens so much more often , no ? 
   so would catholics object to the law enforcement monitoring priests that they are n't raping kids then ? 
  he objects to all catholics beeing monitored , the childraping priests would be extremists that are open for violence , the priests would be the very extreme but not violent ( yet ) ones and the normal catholic would take the place of the normal muslim , the normal catholic aswell as the normal muslim would probably not object to the extreme yet not violent group beeing monitored , priests and very very religious muslims that attend certain mosques , but both would object to everyone in their faith beeing monitored ...  then they will be glad that we 're helping them curb this perversion of their religion . 
  the reasonable ones at least . 
  no because noone ever likes beeing monitored , if i told you the government will monitor everyone from centerright to more right because the super far right neo-nazis are dangerous , then you would n't be happy either , right ? 
  wrong alert, 
  was a wrong translation/taken out of context . 
  the minister of the interior confirmed that there was no bomb and no arrest , so he was correct with his 90 % , 
  false alarm apparently , thanks tho < 3, 
  the pm is trying to get votes from the right wing ... 
  he 's an idiot , an asshole , this comment is stupid and offensive etc. 
  i aggree on all of that with you , however there is atleast a reason behind it lol, 
  closely monitoring all muslims in your country is not common sense , its a huuuge money sink , it would cost waay more money than we currently spend on this stuff , you 'd need to expand the intelligence agencies a lot ... 
  so no its not all common sense , for any country with a not tiny muslim community it is completely stupid to try and monitore all of them ... 
  no , they wo n't , noone understands that . 
  noone thinks their own believes are directly responsible for bad things , then they would n't hold those believes anymore . 
  do you think any catholic thinks he is actively shielding child rapists through beeing catholic ? 
  no they see those catholics as people making a perversion off their believes . 
  do right wing people think they are actively shileding nazis , and that their beliefs if you follow through and go a bit more extreme with them directly lead to neo-nazis xenophobia hatred , death etc. ? 
  no ofcourse not they think they are the only reasonable ones . 
  do leftwing people think that they beliefs are the reason for the problem with the immigration crisis , or the problem with communism ( if they are that hardcore ) ? 
  no they think it was wrongly implemented . 
  those are all the `` moderates '' in their groups . 
  and all of them are atleast somewhat right ... now do you think muslims would behave differently ? 
  no , they honestly believe that islamists follow a perversion of their religion that does n't make sense and is not the true interpretation of their religion ... and they are aswell atleast somewhat correct ( depending on your own opinions you might aggree more or less ) . 
  this means they wo n't udnerstand , they will get upset ( and i think rightfully so ) if they get monitored for beeing muslim ... 
  unemployed people are also overrepresentative in murder statistics . 
  so maybe not blow themselfs up but stab you to death etc. 
  yea , damn he must have the biggest boner ever right now o_o, 
  translation : `` unsafe country of origin - are we supposed to take the french in aswell now ? '', 
  it is an argument why they are here , and if you do n't want to leave why would you even argue about that ? 
  uhm , their parents and grandparents having lived and worked here is good enough of a justification for them to live here , thats how citizenship work ... also because the argument that they did n't go back after living working and building a life here is kinda stupid , for the reasons i just mentioned , i 'm taking your arguemtns less and less serious now , the fact that you believe such things just shows how strong the rightwing propaganda is , yea you will probably take offense in me calling that bullshit propaganda , but thats what it is , 
  but thats how it worked , the wirtschaftswunder would not have been at all possible without the turks ... 
  no bomb , the minister of interior just said they did n't find any explosives yet . 
  apparently the ambulance bomb car thing was just a rumor created by local news ... 
  update by the minister of the interior right now at the press conference : not explosives have been found up till this point !, 
  if the oh fuck was about the ambulance thing , that is still an unconfirmed rumor ... 
  again that is just a rumor spread by local news , ard and zdf both confirmed that these are unconfirmed rumours ... 
  ahh , i almost forgot they even existed , but i always thought they too were pretty honest with the economic bullshit they were going to try and do . _ . 
  hey they won like 1 or 2 bundesl\u00e4nder , before going back to their old numbers , i hope the afd wo n't repeat that tho :0,
