  yea but black people are only 3/5 men , soooo they are totally still following that lol, 
  so ... in the end ... they 've won ? 
  maybe he 's talking about the nazi warcrimes ? 
  idk o_o, 
  can i suggest this ? 
  because here in germany there exists a clear anti greek bias in the media , and the whole `` greece is not accepting any reforms '' things is actually wrong =p i mean just look at the headlines of the bild : http://www.bildblog.de/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/griechen.jpg `` greeks richer than us !!! '', 
  http://www.tornante.pf-control.de/blog1/wp-content/uploads/bild_zeitung_griechenland-hetze_03112011.png `` take the euro away from those greeks ! '', 
  shh , its all those evil foreigners who come to steal our hard worked germany money , because clearly only germans can actually work and do orderly stuff and especially those arrogant lazy greeks do n't want want to work one bit for our generous german offer !, 
  you know whats the most frustrating thing i heard so far ? 
  people claiming you ca n't trust varoufakis and the greeks , because of how he looks ... like wtf this is unimportant and we should be over that kind of stuff < . <, 
  we do that over here !, 
  ( not germany as a whole but my town ) the local protestant church ( in bavaria soo they are themselfs a minority so maybe they know how that feels ? 
  =p ) hosts a `` caf\u00e9 international '' every weekend , where asylum seekers from the 2 local asylum homes come aswell as everyone who wants , people bring their own cake and there is tea and coffee and you can chat , ask them about their stories tell them stuff if they have any questions . 
  they also get a chance to practice their german since the lessons are really bad ( elementary school teachers teach german to grown men and it just does n't work ) and they also do n't get out that much since they are not allowed to work a lot , eventhough most of it is in english ( some poeple translate for older people and stuff ) . 
  every week the big hall ( called gemeindesaal ) is completely full of people chatting and talking about all sorts of things , and its really interesting !, 
  some of their stories are just crazy what they had to go through o_o, 
  still ... ill just vote for die linke , same effect and waaay less stupid party haha, 
  yea i sadly have to aggree with you there : /, 
  yea i 'll vote die linke again just like last time , the spd is unvotable and i wo n't go further right than that : /, 
  gysi is one of the ones on the left i actually very like and respect =p, 
  while i aggree ... idk who else we should vote in ? 
  like its either the middle which is well like merkel of schr\u00f6der or its mostly lunatics on the left and right end of the spectrum :(, 
  i personally do n't i 'm saying there are tons of people are , and are racist against them ... 
  oh yea i 'm not saying its 100 % as bad i 'm just saying we still have some skeletons in the closet we should deal with aswell . 
  also , i was under the impression that the famine during wwii is blamed on the brits aswell ( they apparently did n't even allow their allies to help them ? ), 
  so the fact that stuff like that happened multiple times is supposed to either show complete incomeptence or some intent which is what makes the case for people saying the these famines ( especially the indian one ) were to kill of people and therefor it should be counted as genocide ? 
  slavics , there are tons of people that are racist against slavics , the `` true '' whites are western europeans ... tho thats actually not what he said this time , he said he wants to treat them all neutral actually , so this seems to be clickbait , i may really really dislike farage and ukip but this one article atleast is a bit bullshit =p edit : why the downvotes ? 
  are you trying to say you ca n't be racist against slavics ? 
  i misunderstood his sentence then and apologize , and i think someone who believes ( as i thought ) in the victim theory and at the same time blames the turks is a good reason to get my little panties all twisted up , no ? 
  are you actually trying to argue that austria was the first innocent nazi victim ? 
  you guys had a facist dictatorship and actually welcomed the germans because that dictator got completely unpopular , austria was anything but a victim in the 30s lol, 
  have brits admitted that the indian famine was basically a genocide ? 
  that would be the equivalent here , what you are talking about is one person vs an entire genocide ... 
  note that i 'm actively for this beeing seen and admitted as a genocide , i 'm just saying we europeans also have some stuff to work on in that regard :d, 
  i thought they changed the whole taxes and stuff things to be exactly the same as marriage like 3-4 years ago ? 
  i think with legal difference he just meant if they are treated differently infront of the law !, 
  like here in germany , iirc . 
  a civil union gets all the benefits and everything a marriage gets , i 'm still in favor ( as are 70 % of germans ) just making gay marriage a thing , but thats still better than in ireland were this is more needed =p, 
  syrizia however is a newer party , give them a shot , if this was one of the old super corrupt parties then sure i 'd totally aggree with you , but they are new so give them like a year or something b4 you start with this shit =p, 
  well sure , we did a lot more , and i do n't know or care who invented concentration camps , but killing 10 % of an entire people in just one year is pretty damn impressive if you ask me !, 
  sure not on our level , but it was a joke !, 
  and its not like the brits are strangers to genocide in general sooo meh , try taking the joke with a big more humor next time maybe ? 
  syrizia is however not one of the old established parties , its actually fairly new , the old corrupt parties that just sat there doing nothing were n't so i would n't judge them togethr with those , ill give them a year b4 i start that =p, 
  i do n't remember syrizia beeing in power for years o_o, 
  waiiittt sooooo you think they have less a right to live than we do because of their coubtry of origin ? 
  ahaha let me take a guess , if i were to call u racist or a xenophobe you would even heavily protest that for some arbitrary reason ? 
  holy fuck what has this place comevto ... 
  i guess the same choice jews had when nazis tried pushing them out b4 doing the whole concentrationcamp thing to those that stayed ? 
  does that mean , with this line of reasoning i can claim the holocaust was infact alm the jews fault because they didnt leave when they had a ( unrealistic ) option to ? 
  maybe i could even demand reparations from israel for all the emotional stress thexehole genocide thing has caused me eventhough it was all their fault all along !!!!, 
  brb making a phonecall :d, 
  i was under the impression that those setzlements/camps where in especially bad conditions and its not the whole of cambodia , no ? 
  lol what else did u expect from him ? 
  noone is saying that afrika is a paradies , infact many people are saying its fucked up and thats a justified reason for asylum seekers to come here ... people are saying that your idea of glorious european saints giving electricity to naked black people is wrong andystupid ... you cant be too idiotic to even understand that , right ? 
  eventhough your idea sounds great in theory i dont think it will work out that great , from my experience , the housing is usually really shitty ( bavarian here ) , the education these refugees get is minimal at best , here in my city elementary school teachers that dont speak proper english are trying to teach grown men german as they would teach a 6 year old . 
  so if you dont try to integrate them ( letting them get jobs if they will have to stay for longer let them have some purpose etc. ), 
  which is really hard for the reasons i mentioned above , all they can do is stay in rundown apartments , with other asylum seekers and do nothing , dont even go outside , since without proper german , if they hang around aomewhere okd people will get weird and might even call the police !, 
  that leads to massive problems for people that have to stay 20 odd years . 
  and noone wants to spend more , and everyone is getting angry and annoyed ... its jusr all kinds of fucked up either way in the current situation ... 
  we kinda charged them a lot before independence tho ... 
  i 'm not sure about the brits or the french ( those are the two biggest so i 'm just gon na name them ) so idk if they actually acknowledged all of them , but we germans still have not officially called the herero genocide a genocide , i believe the exact words were : something , that today would have been called a genocide . 
  why not ? 
  because we fear we would have to pay reparations to the relatives of the victims , fucking disgusting ... 
  to be fair , we still do n't aknowledge the herero genocide as a genocide , the last quote i remember was when a minister from the government in 2004 or something did go there and ask for forgiveness and said : `` these horrible actions were what we would call a genocide ( v\u00f6lkermord ) today '' , she did not say it was a genocide on purpose because the government fears the we would have to pay more reparations , thats why its only what would have been called a genocide today , and not a genocide ... 
  so its kinda of sad and hypocritical for us to call the turks out if we are n't that much better ourselfs out of fear we would have to pay some money to the victims relatives ... 
  then they should n't try attacking our radio stations again and there is nothing to worry about o_o, 
  ohh well in that case , i kind of aggree , uk is getting a lot of attention but i do n't think that is neccessarily because of the language but rather because of the importance of the uk in europe , you will almost always find atleast one english source or many when it comes to russia and germany and france etc. 
  so i do n't think your language puts you at a big disadvantage or advantage on reddit in that way !, 
  and for the last part , i think that has more to do with said misinformation/people not caring/reding a lot about britain , as i said in my last post all you ever read about britain is something the royals do , or once a month there is like big cover news about some minister saying he wants to leave the eu ( or when cameron said it ) , so it does n't dominate but if all you basically read about britain , each month is that they again are talking or thinking about eu exit and you know basically nothing else , ofcourse you are going to be like : those damn brits , they do nothing and only complain and look at them beeing stupid , we 'd be better off without them !!, 
  atleast thats my take on it :d, 
  i can only speak from a german perspective , most people do n't read british newspapers here , the upper class/elite maybe , but `` normal '' people do n't , actually in general many people do n't really give a damn about the uk , over here ( ignoring me ) news and talk and discussions are mostly either about greece , the us or russia , number 4 would probably be the netherlands because of football and the perceived rivalry we have that we frankly do n't really see with the uk which made it even more surprising to me how serious you guys were about that rivalry with us in 2006 and the worldcup when we honestly had the netherlands on our minds ... 
  so i 'm really sorry to say this but the uk other than for the potential of a brexit that gets brought up like once a month , and for whenever the royals do something interesting , are just not on our mind ... you also should n't forget that much of atleast our media is also in english , spiegel post many of their articles in english aswell and dw well its basically there for you non germans , and b4 and with all the talk about the popularity of the guardian and daily mail by / u/brigante87 in his reply you also should n't forget that `` die bild '' is the best selling tabloid in all of europe , so we apparently even sell more of those !, 
  for reddit what you say might be true , but for the general populous atleast in germany , you are far from the truth if you think we are soo highly exposed to you guys , when its in english its mostly the us , 
  infact , germany and the uk have teamed up quite a bit when it comes to more free trade stuff in order to overturn france and other smaller countries , our two governments have relatively similiar idears atleast when it comes to that area of the economy !, 
  no , my point was never about russians beeing the most killed , but about russians beeing one of the most killed and us not really ever apologizing for that , why would it make a difference that in places like lithuania there was a higher % ? 
  its not a dick comparison between who we killed the most , you seem to have entirely missed my point ... 
  i mean technically ... the first nazi camps were also just holding facilities until you get the jews and unwanted people out of the country , the entire plan was to just make the live of them unbearable so they would leave and not bother to come back again , there were even plans to make madagascar a jewish state and resettle them there , after that did n't work the camps turned more brutal into working to death camps ( which they were b4 but people were still treated a bit better ) and then after that during the war the extermination camps happened ... 
  thats what bugs me aswell , you either take it all or leave it all , and i for one am for taking it all , thats what my post is about , however at the same time you should acknowledge that you ca n't blame any single individual for it ( the ones that were born later i mean ) , but that the germans as a group , as a nation have that guilt , not hans thats just working at the supermarket or whatever !, 
  where did i say that ? 
  in what i said , as an individual , the guy or girl should n't apologize , because he has an individual has nothing to do with the causes of the holocaust ... edit : it 's in general also less about apologizing but keeping the memory alive and warning and looking how things are going right now , and not acting rashly as a nation etc. 
  again you seem to not really read my post , no individual should be blamed or should apologize for the holocaust , if they were born later ... 
  ohh i thought i should n't take you seriously because of the smiley and the fact that you sy bullshit , so i was just making a joke :0, 
  first , [ here ] ( http://www.whale.to/b/british6.html ) , these are the boer concentration camps , they were pretty damn effective killing ca. 10 % of the population in just a single year , mostly women and children !, 
  and second would be [ here ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2013/06/13/opinion/atoning-for-the-sins-of-empire.html ) this article mentions a bit more but i 'll just focus on the arden torture camps for a second , those things were horrible , they were freezing people in special cells , naked ( those people regularly got frostbite etc. ), 
  and then put them out in the open and stuff , apparently a relatively common practice was to let males sit on big iron poles that would then slowly force themselfs into their anus ( and those things were fucking huge ) , another thing that happened a bit apparently was guards crushing the testicles of inmates with their hands etc. 
  the weirdest thing about the arden camps to me is that it was in the 60s , where i thought we were all collectively past that time , funnily enough most of the world was outraged and the brits had to apologize in 1966 when stuff got leaked , however while apologizing they still operated the torture camps for an entire year !, 
  okay , so those were the first two that came to my mind , hope thats enough =p, 
  yes it does , because they are part of the german nation , they are germans now , and thats part of beeing german , having a responsibility ... 
  because many of them ( like all the syrians which are the largest group ) are coming from horrible fucked up areas , so its really fucking bad to just send them there leaving them to be prosecuted and die ... and thats why you ca n't send them back immediately because you first need to know whether they should get asylum or not !, 
  ohh , so when you put people that are not from your country into a camp its fine ? 
  so like the polish people we put in camps , that was actually okay , becaue they would have become new citizens and we really did n't like them so we put them in camps !, 
  yaaay finally gotten rid of the war guilt , 
  meh , we germans tried `` defending '' it once , learned that it was n't actually a cool thing to do =d, 
  we germans really should apologize to the russians that died i think !, 
  yea fuck the idiot rapist soviet soldiers , but i 'm not talking about them !, 
  i 'm talking about the millions that the third reich slaughtered and the millions that were raped by the wehrmacht and ss , i find it horrible that i ca n't remember a single important german politician that actually apologized to the russians for that , while pretty much everyone has apologized to everyone else , we ca n't just leave on group of victims out because we do n't like what their peers did or what their nation is doing right now !, 
  especially when soviet losses were the most losses in the entire european theatre !, 
  but the german nation as an entity should apologize , beeing the successor to the nazis and all !, 
  we germans all share a common burden/guilt yet none of us younger ones are giulty , i think it is important that germans as a whole do n't forget the atrocities we have caused , and that we keep them in mind as yes apologize , while at the same time noone should be able to tell a single german that they are guilty of something !, 
  germans as a group , as a nation tho should apologize and never forget , and that includes people that moved her even recently , they themselfs as individuals are as innocent as younger germans , however they are part of the nation now and part of that is shouldering a crushing burden and responsibility together !,
