  they have n't done anything yet as they have not been in power , and while looking really simple ( its like this thing is bad and the reason for everything is wrong here so we will easily change that ) in everything they announce , their official party stuff is n't super extreme as its a lot of their older stuff . 
  now what seems extreme about them , they kicked out the whole economic block , and only have the rightwing block left . 
  they are very close to the npd ( literal nazi party ) , they also seem to be close with a lot of neo-nazis , they have a lot of weird candidates , lots of climate change deniers , some conspiracy dudes , putin lovers , some open xenophobes and all that shit . 
  when you listen to the actual candidates instead of only reading their old pamphlets there is clearly a lot of anti-foreigners , rightwing rethoric going on , 
  i mean you can kinda see that as cdu but they kinda always stated they 'd suck off corporations while the spd still pretends not to =p, 
  that it is all baseless speculation that makes no real sense ? 
  i thought that was obvious so i 'd rather poke fun at the idiocity behind it , 
  she is not at all a far leftist , she is economically center-right and center-left on social issues . - . 
  if you think what she does can be considered as far left then you are hallucinating lol s\u00f6der really stept out of line and he got what he desserved , and not moving into syria is a good idea ... 
  really you want to bet that we will become the bitch of refuggees or get another hitler ? 
  okay then , 
  wan na bet all our money ? 
  i think she was referring to boots on the ground , most people probably do n't mind dropping bombs to help the other rebels etc. 
  against isis ofcourse it could be waaaay better , but for some time after this a lot of people thought we might actually deploy troops ... 
  and still , how is this germany forcing it on you ? 
  it is not germanys fault that they do n't represent you , no ? 
  yea because i love it , did n't you see the heart ? 
  i enjoy the mindless xenophobia you can see from time to time , and pure idiocity of some comments makes me smile = 3 edit : also i do n't just wan na go and let the xenophobes reign supreme :0, 
  so what ? 
  your representatives voted for it , and even with poland it would have been 5 countries against it and 20 + in favor , i still do n't get how that is germany forcing it on you ? 
  and before that i was trying to defend the greeks , that was the one time i could have just let all that germany glory that was in this sub reign down on me :( oh well , lost opportunities , 
  would n't that have happened anyways , since greece and italy had been saying they were going to collapse for months already , which would have lead to them no longer having any control about refuggees coming there which would lead to a situation kinda like this ? 
  when did we force anybody ? 
  there was a democratic vote for redistributing refuggees , and even poland voted in favor , how the fuck would that be forcing ? 
  last time i checked , all but 4 of them voted in favor of our suggestions , 
  you mean , some xenophobic scum going around shooting brown people should make the news ? 
  is n't that kinda what happened last time aswell and why they were n't voted into office again for a bit ? 
  what changed about them that people felt they should govern again ? 
  or was it more of a reaction towards the refuggee crisis ? 
  idk how its in france , but in germany , its generally the second generation where it works or breaks , they do afaik have a lower crime rate and behave generally well , they try to get out of the low social class that first generation immigrants from these places usually have , now if they succeed everything works out fine . 
  if however the second generation fails , is broken and thrown back down , then third ( no matter what the second or first tell them ) will notice this and blame the country for the mishaps of their parent generation and become radicalised ( it works similarly with neo-nazis them or their parents fail , they look for an easy reason , and come to the conclusion it must be the foreigners , while in this case the easy conclusion for their or their parents failure is that the country is n't treating them correctly/equally ), 
   no , because i 'm strongly opposed to the current influx then thats a stupid double-standard that you should try to ignore if you want to be taken seriously , 
  for france aswell as for germany these people were integral for rebuilding the country after wwii, 
  hahaha one guy already proposed that the governments want to hide how they are all evil refuggees ... and he 's getting upvoted , goddamn this sub < 3, 
  because they want to wipe out the aryan or european race and culture !!!!!!!!!!, 
  or something like that ? 
  and another conspiracy nut like you , could also argue that they purposely tried to make it look as if they were refuggees so that there will be more tension in the eu also so that the eu does stupid stuff with the refuggees . 
  which would lead to the completely opposite conclusion on how we should act , thats the problem with conspiracy theories , you can make them any way you want basically , 
  holy fuck thats fucked up , this kind of behavior is no better than terrorists , wtf ... 
  it 's going to be a shitshow i fear !, 
   are we really at a time again where people have no better justification than our crimes in ww2 ? 
  completeley ignoring even that schulz does not speak on behalf of our government . 
  it seems that way , but atleast that means we do n't have to take him too seriously , 
  it would be kriegskanzlerin ( because she 's female ) , and kriegskanzler , if you want to name a male character in said videogame :d, 
  uhm you know that they are actually loosing the war in the middle east right now ? 
  the current strategy seems to somewhat work atleast , no reason to go in and make the whole situation worse , isis is a monster we created ( well not actually my country because we did n't invade with the rest ) because we did n't think everything through , lets try and not act irrationally this time ... 
  thankfully atleast merkel already said she wo n't become a `` warchancellor '' soo thats a good thing , i 'm kinda proud of her to not go for the knee-jerk reaction !, 
  in fact merkel is getting some new support over this , markus s\u00f6der one of her biggest critics ( from the csu , also an asshole but whatever ) , has gone to far with what he said right after the terror attacks , and now the leader of the csu actually started defend merkel and attack s\u00f6der instead of the other way around , which is honestly a big fucking deal !, 
  no but thats what many overly scared people ( like literally hollande in the article this thread is about ) are suggesting ... 
  probably we have been ramping the whole deporting people up recently , and were already pretty good at deporting people b4 ( tho that was mostly balkans which is easier =p ), 
  norway has oil , sweden has a stronger and more diverse economy , that is n't as investment driven . 
  remember the finnish mark ? 
  that was more hurtfull than the euro, 
  actually for finnland the euro is positive , their previous currency was fluctuating hardcore which was hurting them , the more stable euro is actually pretty good for them . 
  which is also why , according to finns , it had to be this weird chick suggesting it , the debate will be relatively short , and they 'll decide to stay ... 
  what other stuff are they doing ? 
  sorry i only know nokia from having had a nokia phone back in the day lol, 
  depending on the likelyhood , constant fear does n't sound too nice to me , so aslong as the likelyhood stays waaaay below crashing when driving somewhere in a car ( which it is right now ) then rather the free one , 
  yea the republic was fucked up , but a lot more fixable than the empire system there was ... 
  well lets see if it works out this time around ... 
  i 'm not really optimistic : / well maybe thats because i 'm a cynical human beeing =p, 
  fuck that tho , i 'd rather live in a relatively free an open society than in one where fear is used against me and everything to keep us in line ... 
  not really , small countries get more seats per population than big countries , small countries can band together to be the voice of more people than a big country and therefor overrule it . - . 
  beeing voted into office in their countries, 
  no as that would be undemocratic , the representatives are obviously per population ... 
  wait eurofighter gave up completely ? 
  what jets will the big european countries use in the future , american ones i guess ? 
  or is there a new project to replace it with ? 
  how is the eu more anti-democratic than many countries ? 
  rome was fucked and destined to die looong before that , the whole imperial system was a giant fuck-up, 
  nope , the crisis was already ongoing , greece was asking for help , saying it would soon collapse under the number of refuggees arriving for months already before merkel made that statement lol, 
  i would n't , it would most likely have the same results as iraq did , it does n't seem like a productive thing to do . 
  is n't isis a religious cult aswell ? 
  no ofcourse it did n't went to shit just in 2003 , but the us made the whole mess only worse . - . 
  uhh what ? 
  link please, 
  ohh sure , i know that he was seriously doing not so good stuff as finance minister , maybe its the physicist/mathematician in me , but i wanted to show it with the easiest example possible ( him saying it for this reason ) instead of having to argue anything =p, 
  did n't he literally say he wo n't run for bundeskanzler anymore because him and his wife do n't want to have that risk after the last assassination attempt ? 
  i 'm almost 100 % sure he said that, 
  yes, 
  yea wow as a german life is soo hard and difficult right now , my country is soo fucked !, 
  wan na compare how our countries are doing in a year or so ? 
  they had terrorist attacks trying to gas people , so technically no bombing but really fucking horrible : /, 
  are n't all the first leaders former government officials aswell as former military of iraq that the us got rid off after liberating them ? 
  the us destabilised the region , and fired important personell that then got angry and used the fact that the region was destablised to form isis , sooooooooo yea ... 
  its not of secondary importance at all , looking at whats been done and how ti turned out should influence your desicions going into the future ... 
  i mean ... 
  i 'd rather the me had n't gotten distabilised so isis would n't exist at all , 
  anything else would have been impolite !, 
  no you do n't want her either ( me aswell but thats a different matter ) now `` we '' as in germans and croatians combined , 
  ofcourse !, 
  otherwise you would be pushing a narrative apparently . - . 
  and we do the same , so why can you say fuck you germany , but him saying fuck you to your country is now bad ? 
  we just followed the laws . - . 
  uhm no ... thats literally the situation in turkey , they do n't get aid outside of refugee camps , the refuggee camps are full , they are not allowed to work ... 
  hmm i mean they stated before that was what they want so that europe gets angry at muslims so they recruite more easily , buuut thats just a theory without any proof ... 
  but in the situation , that they ca n't get food or shelter what should they do ? 
  just turn over and die ? 
  ehh to be honest , for her it probably will be fine ... de maizere is getting more aggressive now but she does n't have to fear him yet , and sch\u00e4uble will never try to become chancellor ever after that assassination attempt ... 
  the right wing of the cdu ?
