  no , they defenitely are , i would really like you to point to evidence of the contrary . 
  or the rest of the eu countries do n't have enough judges , i remember quite a few times reading that there are not enough judges/higher courts in germany , the bgh courts need to go through too many cases too quickly . 
   who cares ? 
  nazis are n't really relevant in society . 
  extremist muslim rallies in europe attract more people . 
  its not like witnesses to the nsu trials ( nazi terror group that murdered people and planted boombs untill 2011 ) are still magically dying right before making their statements in court or something . 
  and its also not like the vast majority of politically motivated killings in modern germany have been done by nazis ... 
  i do n't quite get it either , maybe ashamed of not beeing blond ? 
  the vast majority of politicall motivated killings have been comitted by the far right , boohooo property damage is so much worse than killing people ... 
  this is not a protest . 
  but even with protest , the far right usually see police as their allies while the left does n't , damage to surrounding stuff is much greater with the far left , however the far has killed over 150 people since reunification while the left i do n't think managed to kill even 20 people in that timeline . 
  so sure , the right might be more civilised when demonstrating but they will just murder the opposition/brown people . 
  slavs are now honorary aryans in a lot of their eyes , atleast you guys are n't brown ... 
  i remember a couple years ago while the npd was crying about getting rid of criminal foreigners , one of their state politicians was a slavic immigrant who left his country due to assault charges lol, 
  her idea of multi-kulti beeing dead never changed , multi-kulti refers to the idea that we do n't need any integration effort and that everybody just lives happily next to eachother . 
  she always believed in integration tho i think . 
  was germany invited this time ? 
   why has america a higher crime rates than european countries ? 
  seeing the stuff op writes its probably because black people are subhuman and they love to commit crime or something ... 
  and the fact that innocent people get killed , and the fact that multiple studies show that the death penalty is actually not an effective deterrent against crime anymore than a long jail sentence is ... 
   in america 80 % combat readiness for planes is considered fire worthy for negligence . 
      last i ready germany has like 30 % combat useable tornados . 
  what does that have to do with the fact that the current one is n't worse than the previous ones ? 
  implying the previous ministers were better lol, 
  tbh the previous ones were n't better either . 
  did n't pis actually purge the army recently ? 
  so part one is less implausible than you are trying to make it sound . 
  we are in a common currency , if they fail , we fail aswell , its economically sound to invest at that time to speed up their recovery which would help the german economy aswell . 
  we did at the start of the 2008 crisis , during the eurocrisis german spending was n't great . 
  yes germany was doing great , but the eurogroup as a whole was not , and german investment would 've resulted in a faster recovery . 
  i do , but we did too late and not enough, 
  we absolutely should 've increase spending during the euro-crisis and even now , but good luck with that happening aslong as black 0 conservatives are in charge . 
  reminds me of when our government told us that `` germany will now also be defended at the hindukusch ( a region of afghanistan ) '' , because our constitution only allows for self defense through the army . 
  idk if serbia was fascist at the time , but atleast in nazi germany communism was seen as a jewish thing , with its cultural arm , cultural-bolschvism aimed to desotry and weaken the superior aryan/german people and their culture to make it easier to control them/have them taken over by other subhumans which were stupid and therefor easier to control . 
  hitler outlined something along those lines in 26 or 27 at the nsdap party conference when he totally rejected socialism/communism as jewish plots . 
  edit : and ofcourse jewish ! = european in their eyes , and therefor its not european was the point i was trying to make . 
  poland , the government did , as they saw it as an attack on their sovereignity ... 
  countries close by the eu , about setting up centers to process asylum seekers to weed out the bad ones ofcourse those will be eu institutions and to take back failed applicants and to police their shores/borders so that less people get even close to the eu that do n't use those proposed screening centers . 
  i was talking about neo nazis when i said nazis . 
  the vast majority of politically motivated killings in reunified germany were done by neo-nazis . 
  none of the countries between syria and greece are deemed safe third countries . 
  that was actually merkels plan , but every point of it ( such as common negotiations and stronger frontex ) was opposed by members , especially eastern ones like poland . 
  which is why i find it weird that they then whine about no solution , since they have actively sabotaged every possible solution one came up with and did n't have anything to offer . 
  i guess this is a case of as long as it does n't effect them they do n't care ( like when visegrad group proposed just having every refuggee/migrant stay in greece ), 
  the nazis kill people these guys destroyed property , i 'm not saying this is n't bad , but claiming they are worse than nazis is kind of retarded . 
  then get the east to accept that , eastern countries like poland even tried blocking frontex beeing a thing ... 
  he is elitist ( and fake ) is what op is saying , he just also looks like a poor mans idea of a rich man while beeing elitist . 
  also falls under scumbags of europe , ruined leibniz ' life because leibniz had developed a superior version of calculus at the same time as newton did his . 
  you a physicist ? 
   disliking a white supremacist nazi for beeing a white supremacist nazi is virtue signaling and you people are the ones complaining that the word racist is overused and has lost its meaning ? 
  lmao, 
   uhh , this whole thing is a parody of identity politics , and the alt-right is an explicitly identitarian movement . 
  they actually hate this meme , as it is contrary to their goals . 
  do you think they actually have that much introspection ? 
  i 've seen plenty of self proclaimed alt-right people that are also kekistan citizens or whatever . 
  because they are the evil boogeyman that wants to destroy western civilisation or something, 
   what makes you believe people are so obsessed that they ignore all the good stuff that 's come out of western civilization ? 
  infact the ability to look at our stuff and acknowledge not everything is great and improve on that stuff is an awesome thing that the west does , one of the best qualities, 
  still muslims , and more accepting than american republicans despite not beeing compatible with western ideals ... 
  what ? 
  the only truly effective sanctions are european ones since those countries have much stronger economic ties to russia than the us , and in result eu countries will be more affected by sanctions than the us . 
  so no , the eu has been doing more to harm russia, 
  idk , according to polls 66 % of moderately religious muslims are pro gay marriage , 60ish % of religious muslims are pro gay marriage and 40 % of very religious muslims are pro gay marriage . 
  if we seen the group beeing pro gay marriage as smaller than the one that is okay with gay people ( which i think is an easy assumption ) , that looks pretty decent , no ? 
  thats higher than the percentage of cdu/csu ministers that voted for it , thats higher than the percentage of american republicans that are against it ( often for religious reasons ), 
  the csu in bavaria has actually tried in the past to make blasphemy laws relevant again . 
  they seem to be much closer to beeing a religious problem than any muslim community as those have no real influence , and i doubt ever will get any . 
   in most of hungary there are no people who are prone to do violent crimes , with which you mean immigrants ? 
  yea , but still if you compare the two options , if the nazis would 've been victorious it would 've absolutely been a lot worse for the local population . 
  the udssr only looks worse than the nazis because they were able to implement their fucked up ideas while the nazis were n't able to do so . 
   activism-university going . 
  is a bit of a bad name for a university with a top3 economics department inside the eu ... 
  i thought we should stop caring about the past ? 
  just do what we think is right using all the power we have to enforce it , who cares if some people get up in arms about it . 
  funny coming from poland the country literally crying about `` german supremacy and nazi tactics '' when it comes to the eu lol, 
   eu politicians , get your shit together and have a plan that everyone agrees . 
  care to tell me what that plan would be without breaking international law ? 
   sounds like the commission is the big cockblocker here , wth are they thinking ? 
  are they purposely trying to ruin europe and the eu ? 
  they are trying to uphold current rule of law , without big changes you ca n't just ignore laws that can fucking ruin everything when laws become completely arbitrary, 
  they are normal human beeings , so ofcourse they are capable of doing bad things aswell as good things , stop strawmanning , just because i do n't believe in some grand conspiracy against eh white man by jews does n't mean i think every jewish person is a perfect human beeing . 
  if you look at the exact date of her statement it was in middle of that increase , not before it , the increase did not change, 
  you are required to help any sinking ship, 
  thats very hard once they are on the water , however merkel has tried to negotiate ( and has with most north african countries other than libya ) aggreements to send them back to north africa immediately , and germany has invested quite a bit into training police force in north african countries to stop migrants before they reach the water . 
  this all would ofcourse be easier if a unified europe tried it but thats just not the case . 
  a lot of stuff has been opposed , for example hungrary and poland both opposed common border protection like frontex , infact those two countries have opposed every and any solution plan so far ( other than the one they proposed which was to just make greece a gigantic refuggee camp and let them deal with it ) , which seems pretty unproductive . 
   it 's of course not the only reason they came , but it did escalate the situation . 
  if you look at the derrivative of the chart of newcomers it did n't change , therefor i do n't see any evidence for your claim . 
   europe should sort this out instead of letting italy on its own , this is getting ridiculous jesus that was the plan with frontex , but the expansion of frontex aswell as its creation was delayed/minimized because countries like poland were against it . 
  ( funnily enough now these countries cry about border protection . ), 
  jews in general , jews specifically liek rothschild . 
   bad bad entitled europeans want their laws to be enforced ? 
  but here it is the eu that wants its laws enforced ? 
  they were close to absolute majority before this , we have n't yet seen the effects of this vote in polls . 
  and yes i think this was her first mistake , she did n't think this would happen , as did noone else . 
   i mean she allowed the vote to occur , out of a mistake , the phrasing she used to make the issue dissappear for the election , was used by the spd to go against their coalition partner and make this vote happen in the first place , noone saw that coming , heck i do n't remember that ever happening in recent history . 
  behind himself too !, 
  ahh so he is one of those evil jews ? 
  ahh a country that is unable to have sex because of social pressures is the alt-right state , interesting !, 
   ( let 's use the politically correct version here ) ???
