  are made in order to poke fun at people trying to memorialize everything an important german ever did, 
  case by case basis , was one of the adults b4 the kid of the other ? 
  was he/she groomed ? 
  i 'm not calling for a ban on incest i 'm just saying that there are realistic worries about it . 
  seems to be more of an obama to me , tho i 'd trade you one george bush for 15 trumps tbh fam, 
  nah , but lets be honest , poland is pretty backwards ... 
   incest being illegal is illogical though . 
  the problem with incest are the fucked up power dynamics tho ... 
  i also know a homosexual romanian , and he has faced a lot of discrimination and is currently learning german to gtfo and move to germany ( first wanted uk but then brexit happened ) as soon as possible, 
  if the government gives any sort of benefits ( like it does ) to married couples then it should decide who gets married , and include gay marriage . 
  if marriage would n't give you anything and was just a religious thing that does n't really do anything , then i would n't really care . 
   civil unions have already equalised the situation in almost all aspects . 
  and the union tried to fight against that , they were forced every step along the way ... 
  whats common sense about hating on gay people ? 
  lol just fuck off with that sort of attitude, 
  indeed communism is different than socialism , communism requires group ownership of the means of production , no money , and a stateless society . 
  socialism only requires the public ownership of the means of production , so while yes they are different , op ist still correct . 
   well not extreme in the sense of violent but more in the sense of past the threshold of grounded politics . 
  i would n't say that , in eastern germany `` die linke '' has mostly adopted old spd politics , which is also what i would attribute to them having more votes there , since they are not insane in eastern germany , while they have their crazy people in western germany . 
  if you ignore the government and how religious they are , then yes, 
  none of those are recognized as safe third countries by the eu , and all the ones behind greece do n't matter because once they are in greece they are an eu problem ... 
   i was shocked at the idiocy of letting such a huge number of unidentified people just walk over the border , while i wait in line to have my passport checked , my fucked up knee burning on the clutch pedal . 
  well they all were already in italy or hungrary or greece , and we ca n't get them out of there since there is no recognized safe country between that and syria ... 
  so the whole taking them to germany was to alleviate stress since these countries , especially greece , were falling apart since they did n't have enough ressources to deal with it . 
  also , there is no indication that the whole `` open borders '' comment has increased amount of arrivals , the amount was already increasing at an incredibly speed , and the increase did not change after that comment . 
  i heard that a lot of french complained about corruption problems in their politics , how bad is it would you say ? 
  they are put together because they bond together over oppression by a lot of the same groups of people . 
  yea i was kinda sad about that too hamon actually looked like a really good candidate and he would 've been my choice had i been french, 
   do you know what is actually retarded ? 
  ideologues who really believe that complex systems , like human beings and the societies they build , can be reshaped and reordered by calculators and five year plans . 
  not as retarded as following `` common sense '' `` your gut '' `` intuition '' i never claimed that all people need to behave logically that is a fallacy , all i wanted was some statistics and analysis on what is the best option , those are just observations and their interpretation . 
  i like how you just want to follow your feelings like that is any less retarded than actually looking at reality, 
  thats not what op is arguing , i am not talking about wether or not the asylum laws in germany should be tougher , i am saying that the eu should enforce aggreed upon quotas , since otherwise it will loose all its authority on anything . 
  op tried to refute thinking that eu did n't enforce dublin 3 , when dublin 3 specifically permits that , try to stay on the arguement and not shift goal posts so much, 
  common sense and `` gut feeling '' are retarded when you make actual important desicions ... 
   did eu enforced dublin rules about immigration in 2015 ? 
  merkel just ignored them and you just agreed they 're no longer apply because of the situation , are you not ? 
  dublin 3 explicitly states that member countries may take in any additional number of refuggees without using dublin 3 if they may choose so , so i fail to see your point ... 
  i hate to say this , as i love germany in my heart . 
  but could n't you , for once , try good old fashioned common sense ? 
  common sense is retarded , humans are not equipped to deal with advanced shit like policy , or even statistics ... 
  i want some cold hard facts , i do n't care about `` common sense '' or feelings, 
   there is the problem there , eu is suddenly not us , not member states , eu is some autocratic entity above us having an `` authority '' , threatening and blackmailing member states . 
      question is will you brak eu over this ? 
  will you go to war over this ? 
  the eu is us , you guys aggreed to the quota , if the eu then ca n't enforce it it will break , since the eu absolutely needs to be able to enforce its own rules or everyone can just do whatever they want to . 
   germany did n't do enough . 
  germany still does n't do enough . 
  angela merkel tried to get a package through that was harsher but it was deemed unconstitutional by our constitutional court ... 
  there is no evidence that any german actions greatly increased the flow of refuggees . 
  there is no evidence that any such action would greatly reduce the flow of refuggees to border eu countries . 
  intersex i think , since gender is inherently more of a spectrum rather than something binary intergender would make less sense to me . 
   it was the previous polish gouverment that agreed to the quotas so ? 
  just because the government changes does n't mean the country does n't still have the obligations it once aggreed to , otherwise international relations would be completely fucked lol, 
   it is a common view , i might even say common knowledge here that france is very adamant in enforcing its economic interests on the european stage . 
  literally like everyone else , including us is doing ... 
  noone else can pay for neccessary reforms tho . 
  everyone will pay , but germany due to its size and economy will pay the most . 
   we havent made it clear at all . 
  we had , before 2015 , it was pretty clear what was going to happen , heck germany even purposefully underfunded its agencies dealing with this shit to make sure it would take ages to get anything done to make it even clearer, 
  and they should give a fuck to fullfill quotas they already aggreed to . 
  the eu has to enforce them if it wants to have any authority, 
  the eu in general has been supportive tho , for example the fact that germany has gotten as far as it has on civil partnerships would not have happened without the eu . 
  this is just to reaffirm their support , i think its a nice gesture , its not like its hurting anyone . 
  it exists , its closely linked to homophobia since bisexual people also do `` gay stuff '' , but there sadly also some gay people that discriminate against bisexuals , aswell as some heteros that discriminate against bisexuals only . 
  tho ofcourse homophobia itself seems to me to be much more prevalent than those two cases atleast, 
  no , you see the guy above is most likely white , not brown ... 
   it would be nice if someone actually asked the migrants if they want to stay in poland or hungary . 
  why ? 
  i do n't give a fuck about what they want lmao, 
  but those were n't refuggees , those are migrants , that came there for work mostly ... thats totally different , only about 100 ukranians applied for refuggee status, 
  idk about israel , but saudi arabia has a couple million , instead of directly taking them in as `` refuggees '' they let them overstay visas indefinitely . 
       even those who come from countries currently in war , they are already safe , for example in turkey . 
  turkey takes 3 years to registrate them and does n't accept international conventions on refuggees ... turkey is also known to mistreat minorities . 
   yes . 
  if you had spent the last decade making it clear that anyone coming in through irregular means will not be allowed into western europe but we had made that clear , thats what dublin 3 was for , and still they came because the refuggee camps around syria were running out of food and water due to a lack of funding ... 
  `` you will fullfill the quotas you already aggreed to in the past '', 
  cut benefits and work right and everything else should they go to any other part of the eu . 
  she 's not german, 
  and then they were too carefull and hungrary turned into orban ... 
  they were also about to try to privatise the autobahn and other infrastructure , and investment has been beneath what was recommended by economists and experts for years . 
  yea they are not absolute dogshit like the republicans , but i 'd still call them conservative, 
  what would make the conservatives more conservative , other than refuggee policy ? 
  look at their actions right now , like trying to privatise the autobahn . 
  this is like republicans saying that they once fought against slavery ( despite the fact that republicans and democrats completely switched positions during the time of the `` southern strategy '' ), 
  but , if we want the eu to be more democratic , which i think we all want to happen , if the majority democratically decided to cut funds to poland , for whatever reason , then that should be okay ... 
  both , in western europe germany is one of the biggest hardliners on austerity and fiscal responsibility , aswell socially we lack behind in things like gay marriage , have historically lacked behind in womens equality when it comes to laws such as rape in marriage , our drug laws are also stricter than a lot of western europes etc. 
  but if the majority of the eu then decides to cut off money , they should n't have a reason to cry . 
  we managed to do it in the 90s why ca n't we do it now ? 
  what ? 
  they are full on conservative when it comes to economics , infact i 'd say maybe even more so than on social questions ... 
  they are conservative tho ? 
  fiscal responsibility , less government , lower taxes , anti-gay marriage , anti-legalisation etc. 
  almost all of western europe, 
  i think that was a joke because trump said that about himself, 
   going to war going to war , uniting the country against a common enemy , usually works well for everyone , look at bush for example b4 the war turned to shit . 
  the affair thing seems uniquely french to me tho, 
  well arte generelly is pretty good !, 
  idk many non-us netflix films but it is good that they are trying atleast !, 
  bild definitely .
