  actually i think we just recently had a spike thanks to the / r/de posts that got a lot of people get angry and go post here =p, 
  i personally think it would n't work , to solve this common all of europe has to work together , only countries that are in trouble + maybe a few other ones would volunteer so it would n't help the situation at all :( i personally would wish for a european vote on it , since support for quotas is actually quite strong in many countries like france germany greece italy spain etc. 
  and you only hear of the anti-quota countries and germany , so i 'd like europe as a whole to decide and then following what the majority wants maybe . 
  or it needs to be speaheaded i guess , i do n't like it too much either but honestly a lot of countries are going to shit with this and there is even a limit to how much a rich country like germany can do on its own : /, 
  because the ones in camps usually have a valid right for asylum , yes ... 
  yup i thought we were doing something overall good here , and was shocked by all the violent reactions :0 basically what we said was , greece and italy are already near collapsing we ca n't send more refuggees back there as it will completely ruin the system ( or whatever is left of that system ) and it would probably be shitting for the valid asylum seekers aswell as these countries ca n't possibly provide for them anymore :0 but that was interpreted or seen very badly on here :(, 
  i think its already too late for that , we have done too little for too long and their systems that were barely functioning before are basically collapsing right now , thats why i 'm for doing this temproarily until the entire union can decide for a better way to deal with the refuggees , 
  while not enforcing the current eu treaties because that would put more strain on border countries like greece or italy than they can take , 
  helping people that flee from a warzone would be my guess :0 and with the not sending back , the thing we try to accomplish is ease the burden on countries like italy or greece that literally ca n't deal with the amount of refuggees there, 
  which is kinda sick if you think about it :( i for one hope noone gets hurt =d, 
  i think it was more all of the north gang banging greece to show the south what happens to them if they do n't suck us off :0, 
  nah i do n't think so , do n't feel guilty about beeing a. . . 
  i mean the nazis at all !, 
  and i still support helping these people . 
  just pointing it all back to the nazis is very simplistic i think . 
  infact i think that constant mentions of nazi guilt and the nazis whenever something like this is announced , point towards not germany and germans beeing the ones that are centered and focused on the nazis and builds everything in their view around them , but rather it is you !, 
  ofcourse rules are rules and we stick be them , we even are sticking to our rules now no matter what this professor wants to say lol, 
  i enjoy it a lot too , i think many germans including me were kinda alienated for a bit , since whenever we said what we thought or what things are like here we got shouted at or downvoted , it started with pegida , where plenty of non-germans were hyping them and saying they are so great and they stand up for the german people , and whenever a german wanted to say some of the more negativ stuff about pegida ( like the leaders beeing literal neo-nazis , or some of their behaviour etc ) or wanted to show how it was not representative of germany they got shouted at and downvoted into oblivion . 
  this continued with like every topic , until there were very few germans talking on here anymore !, 
  but on places like / r/de you could see people get mad at the state this subreddit was in and how stupid thinks worked out and shit , and it all ended up in some fairly giant complaining posts about / r/europe and how racists have taken over this place like a week or 2 ago where people got angry and were saying we ca n't just let the racist push everyone out . 
  and i think giving this to this subreddit again , brought a lot of germans back who b4 all were saying they had given up on it , 
  because our soft power is most important to us , germany does not have a lot of strong power projection , but we do have very good soft power projection , but one big aspect of that is also of how people feel about you/see you , the blow to our image we got with the euro/greece crisis and how we handled that ( or rather how it was perceived ) was already interpreted as a blow to our soft power , because ultimately if nations are n't willing to work with you all your soft power does n't help with anything :0, 
  no , they are brown idiot / s, 
  i mean tbh . 
  if my home was this fucked up already that i had to flee it running for my live , i myself would probably try to find the best place possible to start a new live and stay there, 
  this was triggered after we let italy and greece take like all of them for a long time , the border countries are still in a really horrible shape and ca n't provide for them , i think this is one of the most pro eu things my country has done to be honest , taking in many refuggee 's because the border states ca n't take them , the plan is to take them in until we find a common solution so that every country does okay and no country has to suffer , but it seems that other countries do n't wan na help , and what used to be greece and italy ( countries that had to take all of them and nearly collapsed under it and noone cared ) will now be germany i guess , with the difference that while the other countries still do n't care we are rich enough to actually stem the tide and not collapse . 
  if thats how it has to be then let it be that way, 
  nah this is more like the drug situation , if you give people the ability to get weed legally , you cut deep into the black market aswell as you beeing able to control it more which leads to more security for everyone involved in the whole deal , 
  firstly , this seems really really far fetched ... secondly this does n't really have too much to do with anything i said . - . 
  because its a private news organisation , there are tons of private news organisations that can almost say whatever they want , and people choose from their source , the big problem only starts happening when almost all news comes from the government like in russia and the government uses the news to create a certain picture , maybe even limits use of internet or other media that enables people to learn stuff by themselfs !, 
  we do fuck a lot i believe , we just do n't wan na have children :0 hmm you come from a different cultural background so maybe the state the us sex education is in , explains why you think sex does always have to lead to children , 
  thats not at all what he said tho , he said that the antifas are only a small part of antifascism and that antifascism as an idea is something positive so the statement that antifascism = antifa ist stupid . 
  i mean ... that seems pretty obvious to me , but maybe you do n't want to understand what he said :0, 
  those first safe countries are already taking most of the refuggees in and are facing extreme stuggles as they take in a much much larger percentage compared to their population than anyone else really :0, 
  just as the muslim = terrorist is what terrorists want , yea :(, 
  yea because people think she didnt do stuff fast enough , there was lots of stuff in the news how she did n't comment pro refuggees and against the rioting nazis soon enough which is the main reason why it dropped , so the thing she did that the iraqi like is also the thing the germans like but in good old german punctuality we think she did it too late :0, 
  its also not the ukrainians that come to germany saying that west ukraine is safe enough , its the german government , and it says the same about ukraine/eastern europe for syrians , i do n't see what disconnect you were trying to point out ... 
  pople from the balkans will all get rejected which are about 55 % , and then quite a few of the other ones get rejected as well ( all syrians get accepted , but look at that country its a hellhole thats really not safe for anyone ) . 
  also stop thinking that only because people want to take in refuggees are white guilt people that want the destruction of europe , thats the equivalent of me thinking that everyone who does n't like the current numbers is a neo-nazi that wants hitler back in power and to exterminate all foreigners , which would be completely stupid , and is not a healthy way to approach any discussion , 
  we are getting not a lot of children so job opportunities will naturally open up ( we actually need yearly 500k new workers through immigration or whatever in order to sustain current economy or something ) , we also have the lowest unemployment rate we have had in a long time , so it seems to be sustainable right now , no reason to be scared yet , also not all of them are going to be accepting , almost half of them are from balkans etc. 
  who will naturally be declined and then quite a few others will be declined aswell , so the amount that ends up here is going to be far far less than the fith most populated city , 
  ehh after you guys blow up and ruin more peoples lives in the middle east someone has to be the good guy and help out , 
  they bring their evil culture which will destroy europe cuz it 's bad :0, 
  goddamnit that fucking video made me laugh and feel horrible at the same time :(, 
  i kinda think so , which is why i 'm happy we did n't let ourselfs get dragged into iraq again , 
  well i thought he was talking about germany specifically because thats what the article is about , in which case he would be correct that nowadays the extreme left is not as violent as the extreme right , 
  gay couples in germany can adopt , however one of them has to adopt first , and after some years the other one can also become the legal parent of that child , but yea i aggree , its fucked up , 
  most of them stay in turkey tho , turkey has about 2 million refuggees, 
  i mean i would have assumed that most of the right wing terrorists hold `` mein kampf '' to a similiar status , so you could argue that these ones atleast do =p, 
  lol , if you try to use molotovs to get your voice heard your particular voice is not desserving to be heard ( ofcourse if someone has similiar opinions and does n't use violence then there can be a discussion ) , i 'm sorry but giving in to any kind of terrorism is not at all what we should do , no matter what kind of terrorism it is !, 
  week ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  we had about 200 attacks in the first half ot the year , thats more than 1 per day ... 
  well if austerity is working how it is projected to work , then having austerity is also rather costly , and we will be the ones to pay for it , because greece wo n't recover and will need more money , so i could ask you aswell , `` who is going to pay for austerity , after our leaders reject to even think about alternatives ? '', 
  his point is , that germany is not the only side that acts or acted positively towards the other side eventhough there have been horrible crimes committed against , this russian love affair used to be a two sided thing , and both sides did horrible stuff to the other side , 
  why would that matter when you look at what terrorism to prioritise stopping ? 
  sure , die anstalt which is one of my fav . 
  things in german television ever ( tho tbh there is not much competition xd ) constantly critizises makes fun of germany and the government etc. 
  why can we only be upset at one ? 
  people here i know that protest against the nsa etc. 
  also protest against what the bnd etc. 
  is doing , some of these news have been huge scandals in germany , i guess you just never find out since you wo n't get news in which the us is n't involved in some way , 
  no not at all , right wing terrorists want to stop all refuggee 's something which most of the public disaggrees with , we should not give into this demand just because they are doing terrorism . 
  however if someone who is moderate and right wants to have a discussion about the criteria or how fast we process them etc. 
  then thats something we can ofcourse have  i would also aggree that accepting all people that want asylum is n't a good idea either , heck i do n't even think all antifa members want that , antifa is more about stopping neo nazis from doing whatever they want , eventhough it has evolved into a more anti-capitalist group , tho there are discussions about going back to the root , but yes if antifa was attacking something in order to make us accept all refuggees ( which they are not btw ) then we should n't give into their demands either !, 
  and last but not least , left wing terrorism is not nearly as big of a problem in germany as right wing terrorism right now , i base that from the fact that right wing terrorism has killed more people than leftwing terrorism recently ( lets say last 10-20 years ) , so if we make a list on which one to prioritise and deal with first , then ofcourse right wing terrorism should be on top , thats just logical , 
  really ? 
  compared to the right wint extremists and terrorists that were attacking police in this city for days , or set fire to buildings and attack people ? 
  i 'm sorry but right wing terrorism seems to be a far bigger problem in germany than leftwing or islamic ones :0, 
  damaging objects seems a lot better than damaging people to me , 
  these guys also uttered some racist stuff when they were examined ( for the alcohol etc. 
  ) , soooo its pretty unlikely they just stumbled into that asylum shelter , 
  did n't polls show that over 50 % of germans are fine with taking as many in as we currently are , and 38 % say we can take in even more ? 
  so why do you define not wanting refuggees as a vast majority of citizens ? 
  that seems kinda without basis in reality :0, 
  we should not give in to rightwing terrorism !, 
  right wing terrorism poses the greatest problem of any kinds of terrorism to german society ( currently atleast ) , we need to go harsher against it and most importantly of all not give in ... 
  thats like saying christianity is our culture and every european country therefor is the same , there are loads of cultural differences between these countries , even the version of islam they follow ... 
  did n't the npd run with that headline not too long ago ? 
  maybe people got it from there , bild was saying something about 140k iirc :0, 
  in germany it is waaaaaay worse than islamic extremism , right wing extremism , has killed loads more people , and has destroyed waaay more property , i ca n't find a metric that shows me that islamic terrorism currently is a bigger problem than right wing terrorism in germany , mind providing one ? 
  in germany , there has been two germans killed by muslim terrorists in germany one german killed through islamic terrorism , the nsu alone killed 10 people , so yea if you take one right wing terrorist organisation , it has already kille 5 times as many people as all muslim terrorists have together ... or in [ solingen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/solingen_arson_attack_of_1993 ) 4 people died ... and there are many more examples like that . 
  so yea actually right wing terrorisms has killed more germans in germany than islamic terrorism and is a bigger threat to our society currently , 
  see , back in the day when the raf was killing people , i 'd aggree with you , but honestly while nowadays left-wing extremists are not in fact the best thing our society produces , they are a lot better than the right wing extremists , because afterall , destroying and burning some stuff while not killing or actively hurting `` civilians '' is far better than killing and hurting people , 
  yaaay good job neo-nazis !, 
  go fuck yourselfs , 
  that was my point , that is his logic , problem is it sounds better when its against muslims ... neo nazis are radicals in our society , his point was , how do you distinguish radicals in the muslim community , better get rid of all of them , i said , how do you distinguish radicals in our society and people that are just hiding it , better get rid of all of them . 
  same logic , both are stupid ( as was the point , thats what i wanted to show ), 
  what further questions would you ask ? 
  maybe i can try and get to the bottom of some together with you ? 
   as for ops point and reasoning , / u/bau _ haus has already shown quite clearly how wrong that actually was =d, 
  i do n't feel guilty and i do n't know a german my age that actually does feel guilty about it ... 
  fact is , that we just do n't have much nationalism left , and tbh . 
  i think that is good , nationalism like most other isms ( religionism etc. ), 
  creates a us vs them situation for absolutely no reason , i was born here there is no reason to be proud of that its nothing i did do , and there is no reason to look down on others who were n't born here solely for that fact , it was n't their choice either . 
  no i do n't think most of our choices are guided by guilt , but rather that the lack of nationalism , or strong religions and other stuff that creates these group mentalities , lets us be more humanitarian in our desicion making , as we do n't feel superior or inferior but as equals to other people , as it should be ... stuff like the gsg9 btw is just symbolism , that kinda stuff is more about what the rest of the world thinks rather than guilt ... 
  so we should give in to them and their terrorism in order to avoid them ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  we have to stand against terrorism , stuff like in haidenau just shows that even more ... 
  thats stupid , you could do the same thing to everything : how do you distinguish a neo nazi or just someone who thinks and act like a neo nazi but keeps it secret ?
