  it is not normal hatespeech , iit needs to be infront of a large audience and it needs to motivate people to attack or act aggressively against minorities , sooo this is waaay more than you normal hatespeech affair, 
  i thought only once you get into volksverhetzung ( meaning trying to rile people up to get them angry to commit crimes against groups of certian people ) it is in this statistic ? 
  here , [ die b\u00fcrgschaft - friedrich schiller ] ( http://germanstories.vcu.edu/schiller/hostage_dual.html ) , complete with english translation ( tho ofcourse those are never as good as the original ) and all =d i still know all the verses , since i had to recite them in 7th grade ( ofcourse without any help ) to get an a =d, 
  so we should let them starve or be without shelter ? 
  u know that our constitution protects the dignity of people , and even without that letting them die like nothing is fucked up ... 
  nope still most of europe not wanting to do anything , better it be anyone elses problem =p it is especially funny that people in here are getting mad at turkey about refuggees ( there are a lot of other valied reasons but refuggees ? 
  ) , like come the fuck on lol, 
  poland helped a lot in destabilizing iraq , which is one of the main reasons for the rise of isis ( their leaders were former iraqi generals and officialls etc. 
  ) , so yes poland actually does have something to do with syria and how fucked that whole place is ... 
  sure , i just do n't think the argument `` she is n't looking at polls '' is valid ( others are ) , thats the entire point i wanted to make , 
  but then they complain she does n't , and b4 when the polls were in her favor and she had the same opinion everyone blamed her to only follow the polls ? 
  maybe just call the polls relatively irrelevant and look at the outcome , 
  yea , i too was kinda hopefull when the new names were announced : / and it has become solely refuggees now , even more so than before , so i really do n't know how long till this bores me to death haha but atleast / r/de is still doing okay , it got a bit worse , but not too bad , 
  / r/europe has really gone downhill , and about a week ago it started getting waay waaay waaaay worse all of a sudden , b4 you could still sometimes see well thought out responses from either side , and while the anti-refuggee crowd was way more upvoted , if the comment was really good , even a pro-refuggee comment could be at like +8 buuut thats over now i guess : /, 
  but people on here critizise merkel all the time for not caring about opinion polls when it comes to immigration :0 so is listening to polls good or bad now ? 
  yup this is basically eastern central europe or whatever , so yea, 
  germany and austria is not part of this version of central europe for some reason , its really weird o_o, 
  wait did telekom actually say that ? 
  fuck them , what the actual fuck , going back to paying extra per hour you play an mmo like back in the very old days huh ? 
  both !, 
  hitler salute is forbidden yea , but the act of sympathising with nazis is more about their ideology and saying they were right about a lot of things rather than doing the hitler salute , and yes beeing a member of a terrorist organisation is forbidden , but just saying you want to kill or do something illegal ( which is the thing the article focuses on , she was actually punished for some other actions she did but the part where she stated her intent to kill was the thing she wasnt punished for and also what the article focuses on ) itself mean you get sentenced to anything , ofcourse it can lead to the police having a closer eye on you however !, 
  if they would n't say violence against other groups is okay or wanted you can state that you think white people are superior , yes  ofcourse if you do that , the verfassungsschutz will have an eye on you , because its likely you might do some more extreme stuff , but same with muslims or lefting people uttering weird stuff , they all get watched and if they step over that line they hopefully get into trouble ... 
  there are enough nazi songs trust me , aslong as the nazi song does n't incite violence , its fine , even songs like : `` today i celebrates his birthday cuz i love adi so much ! '', 
  which was an actual song , you do n't get into trouble for that ... 
  do n't leftwing protestors generally get sentenced easier/earlier than rightwing protestors ? 
  heidenau would be a great example of that . 
  and ofcourse having an illegal kalashnikov will get you sentenced etc. 
  but not the statement itself ( which is what the article is about ) , what she said can lead into an investigation into her person to see if she is dangerous or not , but it itself can not and should not have her sentenced ... 
  sure some symbols are n't permitted but simpathising with their world view and their rethorik and their other symbols is fine ... 
  if say that to harass me , then thats not fine , if you say that without knowing im gay , then thats fine if you word it exactly that way, 
  saying stuff like : `` holt die kaschis ausm keller es ist zeit '' is not just stating his own intent but trying to get other people to follow , again i said someone that only says : `` i am going to do this '' not : `` lets do this guys ! '', 
  thats the big difference this is about , so no this is not a case that fits in here ... edit : also stuff like `` sofort an wand stellen das pack '' is again not only his intent ... 
  but thats a direct threat which is punishable , if you stand next to someone telling them you 'll kill them then thats punishable , if you however say you will go kill certain people that is not punishable as its not a direct threat ( btw i 'm not saying i 'm completely happy with this its just how german law works ) . 
  also if you just send someone a letter saying you 'll kill them that itself is not punishable unless you say how and when , ( ofcourse sending lots of letters like that can be harassment ) , i say this to show and hopefully make it understandable that german law has become very specific with stuff like that sooooo yea ... 
  show me a case where someone simply stated : `` i will do x and x '' ( withtout it beeing a threat against a single person but just a statement like this obviously if i write you a message telling you i know where you live and exactly how and when i kill you that is punishable , funnily enough just stating i will kill without stating how or when is not punishable unless its against an important person , soemthing i do n't like much tbh ) and got into problems , again you wo n't find a single one . 
  you havent showed me one yet , if you think its so simple and easy just take the 5 mins to find one of the obvious millions of cases ? 
  show me a case where it happened that a german nazi got sentenced simply for stating that he wanted to do something !, 
  because you wo n't be able to do so ... 
  nice ad hominems there buddy  the semantics are important , they apply to everyone , if you want to make stating an intent to do something speicific illegal you need to change the law , you can do that if you want sure , but until the law is changed the law should be applied exactly how it is meant to be applied and how it is written , a german nazi would n't get into trouble for saying exactly the same , so she should n't get into trouble for it either , until you make stuff like this illegal at which point both should get in trouble ... 
  it is a fairly easy concept , no ? 
  she did n't say : kill unbelievers she said : i 'm gon na kill unbelievers there is the big fucking difference ... 
  it is not a crime to say you are gon na do something , same would apply to a nazi . 
  also what does the antifa slogan have to do with anything ? 
  we do n't ban nazis , they still exist , they just ca n't tell people to kill other people , which islamists ca n't either ( note this woman did not do that , she only stated her intent to kill herself which is not a crime , it would also no be a crime for a nazi to say something similiar ), 
  she was actually punished for kidnapping her children , so yes that actually is a crime . 
  the article is about that merely stating you want to kill unbelievers is not a crime if you do n't do any action , which is as it should be ... 
  how would this be a crime ? 
  you ca n't be held accountable for only stating you would want to do something , that would elad to total madness , a neo-nazi could also say he wants to kill some foreigners , that alone is okay . 
  ofcourse if that person than actually actively tries to do that , the fact that they stated it b4hand will make the sentence harsher , but again in itself the act of stating you want to do something is not punishable . 
  if she had however said other people should go kill unbelievers , if she incited other people to violence , that would be punishable just as a nazi calling for the extermination of jew or whatever , in laws there are clear rules and you have to apply them equally to everyone otherwise there is no sense in laws , and the rules in germany atleast say , that saying you want to do something alone is not punisable , not for this woman neither for the nazi ... 
  not incitement , as she only said what she wants to do , incitement would be telling other people to do so which she did n't which is why it is n't punishable ... 
  no she would n't she can say all she wants that she wants to gas the jews it would n't be against the law , telling other people they should gas the jews , or telling other people to kill unbelievers thats against the law , but she did n't do that , she merely stated what she did herself , we must apply the law equally to scum like her and to scum like neo-nazis , having her sentenced right her would be something that would not have happened to a neo-nazi ... 
  uhh is n't it the same with nazis ? 
  as far as i know aslong as you do n't incite for violence ( which she did n't she merely stated what she was gon na do which is not punishable by law ) then you can sympathise with nazis all you want o_o, 
  you can sympathise with nazis tho ? 
  there are a few specific things you ca n't do like showing off swastikas etc. 
  and telling people to go kill other people but the same stands for this woman , if she would go around telling people ( that actually listen , if you are a maniac and noone listens its actually not volksverhetzung ) that they need to go shoot unbelievers and kill every german , then she would get in trouble , however what she did was only say what she was gon na do !, 
  saying the same just with a nazi ideology instead of her islamist ideology would also not be punishable in germany as you do n't incite others to violence but just say that you yourself are gon na be violent ... 
  he had committed a lot of crimes earlier , which make the sentence harsher , also he did tell other people to do so and spcifically targeted one person , this woman did neither , she said what she was does she did not tell other people to go and kill unbelievers which would be punishable ... 
  it is n't tho ? 
  you can sympathise with nazis all you like , aslong as you do n't tell people to kill other people for something then thats fine , how else would the npd still be a thing ? 
  you clearly are very misinformed o_o, 
  uhh yes it is how it works if you openly call for the death of germans and tell people to go kill germans then that is volksverhetzung , thing is , she did n't do that ... 
  [ laugh all you want ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lz9f0ahcx_c ) i especially like the classic version , where you only can vote brown , 
  o7 thank you for your service !, 
  ofcourse , because young men should never need our help , they should fight and die even if none of the sides fights for a cause they care about , or if they do n't like fighting , killing and dying !, 
  executive monkey is at it again !, 
  =d but for anyone reading this forgetting that he is a loveable troll , the us was the main party involved in this , also europe is now the one most affected by the consequences ( in the western world ) as this whole refuggee crisis thing is the outcome of it all , 
  i would n't calling us pushing for sanctions against russia appeasement , but i guess compared going to a full blown nuclear war like some nutjobs ( like republicans who wanted to start a war over ukraine ) suggested it is not as harsh o_o, 
  ofcourse , itll lower your chances for aasylum dramatically , now if it turns out you were actually a regime enemy from north korea fleeing for your life and trying to get your best chance with claiming to be syrian you might still get it , but if you were just an iranian wanting a better life , yoour fucked at that point obviously ... 
  exactly what i was thinking =p, 
  did n't they just pass new laws to speed it u , i remember that 1 month ago the average was down to 4 months , and they passed new shit just a few weeks ago, 
  if they use interpreters from germany , like we use interpreters from syria , i think quite a few, 
  see , thats almost nothing, 
  are you german , because over here the political will to do that is actually pretty fucking high ... and again it has been done for a long time already , so its not something new that needs to be implemented it is things going as always !, 
  and stop with that civil war shit , that wo n't happen , im willing to bet all my life savings on it !, 
  we do , as this is what is going on for a long time , anyone that lost his passport has a fake passport or is suspected to not be syrian has to do this ... 
  if they are here and are not elligible for asylum they ahve to go again !, 
  i disaggree , why would they be ? 
  i do n't think there is anyone that is opposed to the idea of finding out where people actually came from or if they are actually elligible for asylum , the big controversy is what to do with those actually elligible for asylum ... 
  over here its done by official state interpreters as far as i know, 
  yes she said people that need and desserve help ( people that are elligible for asylum ) can go to germany and will get asylum ... 
  educated means you have an education , you can do an apprenticeship and do work , which is actually kinda important cuz there are lots of open apprenticeships that germans do n't take anymore ( like for bakers etc. ), 
  the last thing , is a quote from an article that talks about why merkel might do what she does it is not however a quote from her government or herself as you made it out to be ... 
  ehh we 'll do fine , if there is one thing we germans are good at , is sorted people into different little groups to put them on different little trains to send them to different little places = 3, 
  nuts in a good or a bad way ? 
  this is because it used to be split not too long ago , which means that all those things are decentralized , as you can see germany is the only country with 2 in the top 10 , and that is for that reason . 
  has 2 worldclass universities and a relatively decent start-up scene etc. 
  this is all a product of our history , so we do n't have as big of a concentration of this stuff in one place , but spread out because the current central location for germany did n't used to be that just 20 years ago !, 
  what have you been smoking ? 
  how does this contradict the no limit thing at all ? 
  she said there was no limit , meaning that everyone that is elligible for asylum will get it , not that everyone that comes here will get asylum ? 
  o_o when did they claim that all refuggees have a phd , law degree or md ? 
  i have not seen this at all , the most they 've said is that they are educated ( meaning they did go to school and do basic stuff ) . 
  when did merkel ever say that we need them because of our low birthrate ? 
  sure that might be one reason why we could like them , but she never said that ... 
  please think before you write , and do n't go on conspiracy websites , like what the actual fuck o_o, 
  they need to know the local geography and speak arabic with a syrian accent otherwise if there is any suspicion of them not beeing syrian they wo n't get in , the actual number according to the bamf of people that are falsely claiming to be syrian and getting through is most likely rather low , 
  if that waas true , then thats just stupid , blunt and honest are two very different things , and especially calling someone like orban honests makes me want to throw up ... 
  not really , actually merkel is loosing some support over it ( although the cdu/csu still remains the biggest party in germany they lost like 3-5 % and merkels approval rating is now only around 50 % ) , if she was trying to get the biggest number of future supporters on her side , if she was trying to pander , she 'd be saying the exact same shit seehofer is saying , but she is n't .
