  that is actually weird , i was expecting people with a higher education to be able to speak english , maybe he speaks another language instead ( tho atleast at my gymnasium back in the day you had to take english and then could choose for extra stuff if you wanted ), 
  i think it is , but a german man or woman that gets all his movies translated to german , has lots of german media , has lots of space to travel , has lots of german speakers on holidays , that works some shitty job with not much chance of going up the career ladder and no reason to go to a different country since there are equal or better job opportunities for him here , does n't really care about english . 
  i personally think we should increase it yes , but i know lots of people that only speak broken english , or in my family i 'd say like 50 % of them have never had to use english after school so ofcourse it is n't as relevant for the people and so ofcourse they wo n't be as motivated to learn it and there wo n't be as big of an emphasis put on it compared to other skills . 
  realschule here focuses more on stuff like math and accounting than on languages only really gymnasium puts a lot of emphasis on languages ... 
  i hope you realise how fucked up what you just said is , right ? 
  you should n't really cheer on neo-nazis attacking refuggees i do n't think . - . 
  i think ... 
  i hope ... he was beeing sarcastic in that statement !, 
  thats still pretty impressive i only speak 2 and can translate latin which is basically worthless :d, 
  nah , we are the most dominant first language of europe aswell as the language with the most economical and political power in europe by far ( switzerland , austria and germany make up an impressive blog ) so many germans are n't actually trying that hard since they will never ever really need english if they are in the lower or lower-middle class ... 
  do n't forget for the extreme right everything beyong the extreme right is socialists ... 
  he was talking how many germany would have to take in for it to be comparable to what lebanon is doing , and he only was talking about population size , if you would factor the economy in aswell , then the equivalent of what lebanon is doing right now is actually much much higher than just 20 million austrians having to be refuggees in germany ... 
  ofcourse they did , it was like an open secret that everyone was cheating the test as far as they possibly could go , vw just fucked up when they went to far in the us ... 
  yea fuck the spd , they even got me to vote for die linke to try and show that i 'm not happy with the way they are going < . < there is literally no reason to vote for them anymore ... 
  beer ? 
  not at all xd i think the cheapest ma\u00df is like 9,70 $ haha, 
  damn thats bad :0, 
  the autumn fest in rosenheim the winefest in volkach would be good starting points , in straubingen there also is supposed to be a nice one around this time =d, 
  k bring out the nazi hammer , because i said that the eu would probably fine poland if they purposefully pushed the refuggees given to them by the quotas towards germany ... 
  we should n't ban them no , nazism also is n't banned here same with communism , and we also do n't ban christianism ... 
  it depends where you go to , but honestly if you got a friend their just ask them , just as an example , i used to live in a very shitty little city when growing up ( around 20k people ) , we had 2 weinfests 1 volksfest 1 more that was really bad i forgot the name and then here and there some small stuff for like holidays !, 
  you can literally find this everywhere , just ask a local , ofcourse if you would tell me a place where you wanted to go to i could help more maybe, 
  ehh its pretty overpriced , as a student living in munich i do n't even go much since i ca n't afford it , better go to one of the thousands of other beer/volksfests that still have some soul left in them and are n't super super expensive !, 
  firstly , why would n't it be legal to be a stalinist ? 
  it is also legal to be a neo-nazi you just ca n't tell other people that they should kill certain groups of people ... secondly , the last terrorist group was the nsu which killed several german citizens over a number of years and was a right-wing extremists group ... also saying they are rethorical questions does n't help if you are just really wrong about everything soooo yea ... 
  black death thirty years war and the nazis are probably the 3 worst i 'd think !, 
  yea , the east is kinda going ... interesting ways it seems o_o, 
  this would be a really stupid thing to do , it would be only out of spite , and then germany would actually have good justification to cut funding to poland/have the eu fine them etc. 
  no , but the only way for them to stay here is if they are not seen by the government , otherwise they get send back to the eu country they should be in , if they are not seen by the government then the government ca n't help them which leads to them rotting in the street , no ? 
  i thought the beggars were all the eastern europeans , atleast those are the ones i see begging here in munich o_o, 
  there are no other wars and super violent places in the world other than syria ? 
  as far as i know around 50 % of those coming to germany flee from war , most of the rest comes from the balkans , those are obviously rejected ... 
  i mean the stereotype about you guys here is that you just work on the blackmarket or steal our stuff , 
  got any proof of that happening with refuggees ? 
  if not then please do n't post stupid lies on here , thanks , 
  beeing pro refuggee does n't have to be left-wing it can be center and also if you are center-right meanwhile shouting that every refuggee will become a terrorist is defenitely very rightwing , 
  ofcourse , they have money , who but a desperate person that could n't afford better would actually take up the journey ? 
  i would n't say so , a lot of strong ideologies have tendencies towards terrorism , if you are super right wing , its basically the same as if you are super muslim , if you then are also poor and people give you an easy scapegoat and a group to belong to its easy to become a terrorist , same with super leftwing people honestly i do n't think religion differs that much from other very strong ideologies , communism in the soviet union turned basically in a state religion/is very similiar , same in north korea or china back in the day ( current china is a bit different ), 
  he was making a joke < . < good god , poles on this subreddit are even stealing our german stereotype of not getting jokes , this has happened so much recently ... 
  but they are stealing our nazis , wtf poland thats not fair we were the first ones :( next you tell me they invade some easily overrun country to their east :0, 
  just calm down , do n't use ad-hominem and admit you are wrong , 
  wait terrorism is not solely based on islam . 
  in germany right wing terrorists have killed many many times more than islamic terrorists , same with left-wing terrorists ... 
  listen to the irish-man he should know :0, 
  i was talking about what you said , if every person gets the same representation , then germany comes out ahead ... 
  right now they get more repesentation per population , actually as a german my vote counts the least , sooo if everyone got the same per population that would be an improvement for us , 
  does n't need to be race , in the french law it also says inciting hate against a group of poeople based on their religion falls under that law , its just a bad translation ... 
  i think it has , like this qualified majority ruling on 120k refuggees was thanks to ( i think ) the lisbon treaty , where countries gave up a lot of sovereignity in that nowadays on a lot of matters you do n't need a unanimous vote but only a qualified majority !, 
  aggreed i want it to be slow to be as painless as possible no giant shifts and stuff , but in the end i think it would be great if it happened , 
  jup , like with marriage equality the eu has helped a giant deal cuz the cdu/csu did n't want to do shit about it ( stillnot completely there yet but waaaaay closer than where we would be without the eu ) or with this bullshit csu car-mout thing , thanks to the eu that brain cancer was gotten rid off . 
  so yea overall the eu has really done lots of great things i think aswell , 
  but with a federal state we would also pay much more money towards the countries , just like how in the us the little backwards states are proped up by the economic powerhouses like california :0, 
  i thought greece ( after italy changed how they did their stuff ) received a ( compared to their economy ) disproportionally giant amount of refuggees , no ? 
  i do n't know what they did , but the turks were pretty essential for the wirtschaftswunder and then we fucked up integrating them , i 'm only talking about germany here , maybe something about britain or the pakistani is so different that it wo n't in any way work , but atleast with germans and turks it was our fault to a large extend that it turned out the way it did ... do n't try to strongman me into different problems i was only talking about germany and germany alone, 
  as they were with more refuggees coming , which puts a higher strain on already weak countries ... 
   personally i 'd like it to be more like the us . 
  i 'm not an expert , but does n't the us take care of its borders on a federal level instead of on a state by state level ( like is texas protecting the southern border or is the us government doing it i always thought it was the us government ) . 
  so this move , the eu taking over border control instead of letting just greece handle the security issue ( which can be really expensive ) , seems to get it closer to the us which is what you want ... 
  i 'm confused with whats your problem with this honestly . 
  ehh you respond toa shitpost with a shitpost i guess , 
  because greece is in deeper shit than italy or spain ... 
  are you mad ? 
  helping greece guard its border since they do n't have the money to effectively do it , and doing that on an eu level ( not germany suddenly taking over the border ) does n't seem that horrible to me , especially since countries within schengen already gave up border control why not then also have the countries at the border of schengen give up some of it so that we all guard together ? 
  all germans outside out of bavaria would be nuclear and this time literally cause the 4th reich and another giant genocide , do n't try it please, 
  not really , there are some really educated people in there , just as an example one of them is studying informatik at my university right now , getting his masters , does n't seem very uneducated for german standards considering only a minority of our population even gets a bachelor , no ? 
  also even they are just workers , thats fine enough , we actually need a lot of workers right now , i.e. 
  there are a ton of open jobs for bakeries since noone wants to work those times anymore , and thats horrible because i love fresh bread :(, 
  well technically you would be right since hungrary just dumped them on us , but yea it would be pretty stupid to do so , 
  rekt, 
  i 'm getting my physics bsc soo i should n't be misinterpreting it , but i was just simply not paying much attention , taking a glimpse wondering why other countries have to take so much compared to us and then continuing to read , sooo yea it defenitely can happen :0, 
  yea when i saw the graph i was thinking : wait is n't france doing too good economically right now ? 
  why would they have to take close to as many as we do that seems really unfair :0 this seems like very clear manipulation , and weirdly enough its for a more right-wing-ish agenda than what gets claimed on this sub usually ( beeing left wing media manipulation ) , trying to make countries feel like they have to shoulder more of it compared to germany than they actually have to ... 
  pretty stupid, 
  what ? 
  i was n't talking about that , i was literally only talking about a redditor saying romania could n't theoretically handle 1875 people . - . 
  1 : sure but that was what the romanian guy above me said 2 : i was n't talking down on you i was in disbelieve with the comment above saying that romania was n't able to handle 1875 refuggee . 
  3 : what they were interviewing someone from the csu ? 
  okay but seriously a lot of more conservative rural germans seem to have similiar ideas of the women staying at home etc. 
  and while i aggree that there is a problem with the integration of turks into our society it is atleast partly a problem of our own making , as we were making separate ghettos/neighbourhoods for the turks because we did n't want them around us germans ( remember its the 60s 70s etc. 
  people were a lot more weird about foreigners back then ) and their kids could not really go to gymnasium , which is the highest form of school you can go to in germany , basically if you parents were ( and this is to a much smaller extend still present today ) immigrants the teacher will send you to hauptschule or maybe realschule but they would n't let you go to gymnasium no matter how good your grades were unless your paretns fought tooth and nail for it . 
  and even in realschule they usually were send ( or guided if you want to make it sound nice ) to realschulen with lots of immigrant kids where they do n't have to speak german where they wo n't integrate but people did n't care since they did n't like foreign kids at their kids schools etc. 
  this lead to a lot of their potential not beeing realised and a lot of them ending up not liking german society which then was sadly given to their children aswell . 
  there are more examples of what went wrong . 
  so yea we fucked up a lot with turks , which is a big reason many germans are now so proactive because we do n't want to fuck up as much this time , 
  it was n't an abuse they signed treaties for allowing qm votes on this stuff ... 
  the guy i responded to is a mod of / r/zionismexposed thats why i made that comment , maybe should have made that clearer , 
  not to syria , to poland or whichever other country they were supposed to go ( op was saying that they wo n't stay in these countries and then go to germany ) , the un allows that , you just ca n't send them back to their warzones which is understandable . 
  i 'm sorry i thought it was really obvious, 
  again as i already tried to explain to you , they want to go to germany because they think they will get lots of welfare . 
  if they ( after beeing assigned to poland i.e. ), 
  go to germany , they wo n't get welfare and will after some time get deported , i ask you why would they want to go to germany then again after finding out that they wo n't actually get what they thought they were going to get ( thanks to lies etc. ), 
  they are not going to germany for the sake of germany , or are you actually believing that ? 
  i thought they were required to by eu law :0, 
  yaaay , i noticed quite a few rightwingers have been using articles in their own language and then claim that whatever is in them ... 
  lets see if he can hold his word , i 'm almost willing to bet money he wo n't just like ( as / u/sanebrz has pointed out ) with the greek bailouts ... 
  nice to know the track record , 
  for what reason ? 
  once they find out they wo n't get anything here there should be no reason to try and come here again , they are currently trying so hard because they think that all their dreams will come to fruition if they get to germany ... 
  while i generally aggree with you that its a bit childish to rub it in , i can see why he does it , this subreddit was pretty hatefull towards germans and talking about how poland and v4 are going to be the standing strong against this and all this shit . 
  i remember one polish guy claiming that the us will soon prop poland up since they will be dissappointed in germany , so that poland will be the new central power , a new pillar in europe even overtaking germany which will slowly die , especially when all the super genius highly skilled polish people that went away come back after seeing glorious poland ...
