haha , that sub , what a bunch of narcissistic assholes . 
   there is no need for me to be proficient in swedish . 
  not if you do n't have any interest in the society around you no . 
  i think the man is climbing the outside of a skyscraper using suction cups . 
  if german law is anything like swedish law , then yes . 
  but if the countries they come from is too dangerous they ca n't be sent there . 
  now algeria and morocco is not , asfaik , deemed to be unsafe , so hopefully that wo n't be a problem . 
  prime ministers and presidents does not have private matters . 
  they do not have any right to any privacy . 
  anything that they do and do n't want to talk about is a potential security risk for the entire country . 
  kvlt / s, 
  well thats completely different - if there 's anything the swedish countryside needs it 's more people . 
  especially retired foreigners who can dump money into the local economy . 
  well , there 's no certainty that the houses bought by vacationers would have been inhabited . 
  better to have them bought by rich people who take care of them than to have abandoned houses . 
  the question of the thread was `` reputation '' , and i know of no study that has shown a real negative impact . 
   they do not want `` dead '' areas that only see life a weeks a year , so it makes more sense to let danes build and rent instead . 
  i must say it suprises me that that is allowed under eu law . 
  but then again , eu regulation is so full of exceptions and holes it looks like swiss cheese . 
  http://www.migrationpolicy.org/programs/data-hub/charts/largest-immigrant-groups-over-time i was mostly speaking about the european immigrants to the usa , and the immigrants to europe . 
   have been allowed < . < or do you actually have restrictions on who can buy property in denmark ? 
  oh , i though you mean the freedom of cheap alcohol, 
  if where being serious , i do n't think it 's the liquor they ca n't handle , it 's just an excuse to vent some steam . 
  as a nation , i 'd describe swedes as exhausted by the act of being polite . 
  all emotional outburst , especially anger is looked down upon here . 
  thus , having an excuse , ie being drunk , and feeling freed from social rules - behaviors tend to get a little absurd . 
   yes , it is racist to say `` nice culture you have there '' or `` islam is anti woman '' when it is very clear that at least several dozen muslims at this wedding were against the actions of the cousin . 
  but how often does this shit happen in european or american cultures . 
  not as often . 
   swedes always over compensate when they experience freedom for the first time and drink and drink and drink uh . . no that 's just our normal behavior . 
   heritage but that 's the point . 
  they do n't speak the language , they do n't share the culture , they are completely american in culture - how have they any heritage left ? 
  european views on nationality tends to be more ... practical . 
  it 's not just the american tourists , we also have a hard time understanding why second or third generation immigrants cling to a heritage they have left behind in everything but name . 
  i actually think the german `` tourism '' are the most reviled , because they buy property in the less populated areas , to use as summer vacation houses . 
  thus driving the prices up but at the same time not actually increasing the population or economic power of the area . 
  well , that 's the myth at least , i do n't know if there is actually any facts behind it . 
  what ? 
  it 's hardly new that the extremists are wahabists . 
  the issue is that islam in general are plagued with supporters of violence . 
  ( see : any opinion poll of muslim countries , i know pew did one . ), 
   it 's ironic that it took a white supremacist to teach coloured terrorists how to kill people efficiently in a single suicidal act of terror . 
  thanks asshole . 
  i remember thinking , the day the attack happend , that it had to be a right wing nut responsible . 
  as leftist and islamist seemed to always go for the explosives . 
  seems that prejudice is n't true anymore , if it ever where . 
  i do n't see the problem ? 
  are we supposed to disregard everything that the fringe papers , fria tider , expressen and so on writes ? 
  if you have any facts or information to give a different picture here , go on , post it . 
  but if you do n't , you can hardly expect me to disregard everything that ft writes . 
  if i did , i would also have to disregard everything expressen writes , since they cooperate with terrorist organisations . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ivar_kreuger#the_kreuger_crash this piece of history is the origin of strict laws concerning corporate finances in both sweden and the usa . 
  it did n't start out as a scam , but it ended with kreuger himself killing himself and setting of the greatest collapse of a corporate scheme in swedish history , and also one of the greatest in american history , because of the international connections . 
  they gave the person in charge a chance to defend her actions . 
  she refused to comment . 
  it 's hardly the papers fault that the article is one-sided then . 
  still missing an analysis . 
  what is the reason this is happening ? 
  i admit , they did give a description . 
  source please . 
  if you are to warn your population , maybe give them a warning worth a damn ? 
  nope . 
  what 's the point of a warning so general ? 
  it 's absolutely useless . 
  and no analysis of why the situation have spiraled out of their control . 
  our police is incompetent , or worse , willfully manipulative . 
  edit : ok so , the police did give a description . 
  but the media decided it was unimportant to know how the attackers look like . 
  this still does not excuse the police for not providing an explanation of how they can let such a situation occur . 
  also , the jab about willfully manipulative was directed towards the police and their cover-up about earlier harassment . 
  kalsongfylla there , now we have a swedish word for it too . 
  to claim that they would be able to prevent something that their counterparts in other locations have not been able to prevent is a very bold statement . 
  that something have not happend , does not mean that they have prevented it from happening . 
   can both prevent obviously not . 
   after discussions , it is now clear that siri is not actively may make interventions . 
  whoever told her that is lying . 
  the law is very clear on that point . 
  if she sees anyone that is need of help she may intervene , with appropriate violence . 
  if the crime committed is punishable with prison she may also arrest the perpetrator , if , and only if , she catches him in the act . 
  there 's been several reports of harassment of young women from different locations . 
  edit : i see that you are canadian . 
  maybe do n't write anything about the stuation in sweden if you do n't live here . 
  carl bildt playing the role of jester , l\u00f6fven trying to be diplomatic and the opposition trying to score political points . 
  business as usual, 
  sorry to say but yhea , that is completely lost . 
   cdu leader of parliamentary group : we have to work together with trump . 
  on the flip side he should also realize that a good relationship to europe and germany also benefits the us . 
  i agree that the other where quite bad comments but how is this one bad ? 
  seems like a reasonable answer to some of trumps comments during his campaign . 
  how about we just coluor it all in red and call it greater albania , is that better ? 
  still does n't make sense to include rigthfull critisism . 
  did you completely miss my point or what ? 
   `` schlitzaugen '' did they have any confirmation about that ? 
  the rest is ofc bad things to say , but it was very weird that this article tried to paint legitimate criticism as something bad . 
  i dont get what 's wrong . 
  he criticized chine for not having democracy and lacking in gender equality . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with that . 
  nope , but you actually learn a lot of words over time . 
  it also maintains more of the original cultural aspects . 
  a few things you pick up on is the honorifics used in conversations .
