  idk if it can or if there will be a scientific proven `` treatment '' in the future but there is no way to prove that it ca n't be changed . 
  and if it could be changed , there is no inherent damage in that . 
  i do n't see anything in the article about it being restricted to children ? 
  anyway , it does not seem to be a ban of the practice , just for medical professional to not prescribe treatment ( of dubious nature ) for something that is not classified as a disability/disease . 
  colongne . 
  throwing acid in women faces . 
  stoning . 
  slicing and sewing up genitalia . 
  imprisoning them in homes and dehumanising them with their clothes . 
  for gods sake , stop denying the problem and it can be solved . 
   without evidence heh, 
  i visited naples once . 
  when i was walking down a one way road ( filled with people , market stands , scooters ) i see a car reversing at high speed , right down the road . 
  i guess he really did n't want to drive around the block . 
  honestly though , the people in rome drove like cunts too . 
   b ) its undermining of the monopoly on legitimate use of force of the state . 
  the contract goes both ways , something the states in europe have bee ignoring for far too long . 
  the monopoly is only relevant if the state manages to deter crime . 
  the questions are not connected as a whole . 
  it is composed of several different alternatives . 
  the alternative `` does not resist '' does not contain any implication of inebriation . 
  i understand your confusion but that is not a correct interpretation of that sentence . 
  ` certain situations ' only indicates that the question is composed of several different parts . 
  the actual interpretation in the source is the correct one : `` respondents were asked whether having sexual intercourse without consent was justified in nine different circumstances '' . 
  are you incapable of reading and understanding english ? 
  so kitane is making up a new scenario . 
  well , there is still missing consent between point 4 and 5 . 
  in his scenario , two people have arrived at a home . 
  no information is given of verbal or non verbal consent from that point to the sexual act . 
   i just happen to know the law . 
  laws differ between countries . 
  `` heavy intoxication '' as it 's considered under swedish law does not , afaik , cover situations where people can voice consent but rather situations where the victim is not passed out but delirious and unable to clearly show or give a verbal confirmation of consent . 
  that question is however very badly worded , as it does not describe the level of intoxication . 
   if things lead to sex not in the question . 
   i am talking about all 5 points happening in single scenario with a sexual intercourse as a result . 
  that 's not implied in any way , why would you assume that ? 
  the question does not imply that any verbal or non verbal consent has been given . 
   she 's all over you and comes home with you , does n't say no , lets you lead and does n't fight back . 
  that is not described in the question . 
  is everybody in this thread lacking in reading comprehension ? 
  it 's not implied in the question that any of that has happened . 
  let me give you an example that happened to a friend om mine . 
  at a party she went to bed , a man came into the room , laid down in the bed and proceeded to remove her clothes and insert his penis in her anus . 
  she did not figth back as she froze in fear . 
  clearly a rape . 
  if a woman goes home with you , kissing as so on and hanky panky with to active parties happen there is obviously a non verbal consent , but that is not the situation that the question is about as none of that is mentioned in the question . 
   in my mind , `` does n't say no and does n't fight back either '' is a sign of consent ... am i a rapist ? 
  if we are looking at a situation where she has given no non-verbal communication that she is willing , then yes , you could be . 
  personally i ca n't understand how you can reason that having sex with someone that has not shown any indication of consent is not rape . 
  nothing , but all i could get in italy was coffee , white bread with chocolate on ( ! ), 
  and cigarettes . 
  caffeine , sugar and nicotine - all your body needs !, 
  also , you felt that that was the weird part , not that i made a joke of an entire city ? 
  your driving , your taste in politician , your idea of breakfasts , milan ... ( really though , i feel like an idiot , sorry , although , i was joking too ) . 
  have you ever been drunk off your ass and really hungry ? 
  ( tbh i 've never eaten one , i prefer my kebab in a bread . ), 
  um , do you really feel that this thread is the right place to say that ... 
  because blood sausage and mothafucking lingonsylt !, 
  it 's like someone eating chilis raw and complaining that it 's to strong . 
   fall of nation-states in favour of federal ones , for what reason ? 
  what powers would the nation states give up to the eu that they have not already ? 
  social rights ? 
  not likely . 
  crimes ? 
  abortion rights ? 
  drug regulation ? 
  laughable . 
  taxation ? 
  fuck no . 
  ( ( increased regulatory power of alchohol , firearms and tobacco and similar ? 
  not very likely since the eu have tried to take our systembolag , our snus * and * our rifles ... ) ) why would the smaller countries * ever * give up their independence to be ruled by the populations of frace/germany/italy ? 
  no fucking clue . 
  i mean , sure we are european , but it 's not as if we are very similar . 
  how are our nordic culture similar to say , italy or greece . 
  and then some morons want to get turkey in ... 
   if you 're looking for an equivalent , it would be outlawing child baptism . 
  that is such a dumb argument that i actually am surprised to hear it , even from a genital mutilation apologist . 
   they remove areas of the clitoris and completely change the landscape of the genitalia . 
  nice to see you argue against a strawman . 
  `` removing nerve endings does not reduce sensitivity '' - ya ok , sure mr unbiased american doctor . 
  `` circumcision does n't have anything to do with reducing pleasure '' - except that 's the * only * reason that americans do it . 
  furthermore - do you have any source on your statement - it does n't fit with the narrative of the main religious text - ie the bible . 
  if you where actually informed you would know that there are a multitude of forms of fgm , several which are prohibited in civilized countries , yet are less invasive than mgm . 
  frankly , your comment where a waste of time both to write , read and answer . 
  go fix your ignorance . 
  i mean , what is the difference between cutting away labia minora and the foreskin ? 
  both have integral biological functions , are aesthetically beautiful and are large areas of skin with a multitude of blood vessels and nerve endings . 
  why a special place in hell for one of those procedures ? 
  polandball would like to differ . 
  [ yaddars masterpiece after usa election . 
  ] ( https://i.redd.it/sk4oay72789y.png ), 
  they still wreck parties the fuckers . 
  like three ton balls , someone plays that song and then you never get out of the eurotrash nostalgia swamp . 
  ... there 's so much wrong with that ... thing . 
   paradisio - bailando  my childhood is staring me in the face ... and apparently some unresolved pubertal sexual attractions . 
  hm ... now for a good freeze frame . 
   no guns , no we got plenty . 
  the nordic countries take three spots on the top ten per capita , european countries take eight out of the top fifteen . 
  and , honestly , the eu has to stop trying to get their ignorant hands on our hunting rifles and our national defense . 
  you try to defend an empty woodland and endless fj\u00e4lls without an armed and trained population .
