  it 's the purchase of an invasive , exploiting act from another human . 
  and i 'm so very very not sorry for some rich western dudes and dudets that ca n't shove their semen into a poor indian woman so they can buy themselves a human , as if it was a commodity . 
   couple insane eu wide regulations suited for central europe only ... honest question , can you give me some examples ? 
  dude . 
  wasnt `` true story '' enough ? 
  calling someone butthurt is an insult ... what are you on about ? 
   this particular map does not include regional languages because there would be too many to fit into the map . 
  every place as in houses or every place as in apartments ? 
  correct . 
  but as a landlord myself , i can tell you , you ai n't saving any money . 
  as a sidenote , i could n't believe my ears when a firend told me everyone had a separate boiler/waterheater . 
  just the thought of maintaining , purchasing , making sure noone tampers with them ( tenants do the most stupid things , you would n't believe ) , the risks of water damage ... good god . 
  not to mention , having a central heating unit increases efficiency . 
   many swedish men nah . 
  it ' l rather be the immigrants i 'd wager . 
   so assuming its the same in sweden i you mean free as in covered by rent then yes . 
  huh . 
  well , i certainly ca n't understand how anyone can call themselves a christian without having read the damn thing . 
  sure , some of it quite odd , but the visceral imagery of revelations are incredible even for a complete non-believer as me . 
  not to mention , the first five books of the old testament can be a blast to read . 
  i mean ... daughters on father incest rape ? 
  i have n't seen that anywhere else . 
  ( sidenote : there 's also a wonderful illustrated version of genesis by r. crumb of all people . 
   they can relate strongly with sweden 's hatred of israel . 
  what ? 
  huh . 
  i 've been trying to read it for quite a while ( i keep getting distracted , i suppose i do n't find it very fun ) . 
  would feel quite odd to find myself in a conversation with a muslim where i 've read their book but they have n't !, 
   do all christians read the bible ? 
  i mean ... yes ? 
  from a swedish perspective that is very , very odd . 
  one of the main reasons for the increase in literacy in sweden was because of the religion . 
  priests was ordered by the church to perform `` house exams '' where he visited his congregation in their homes to examine their knowledge of the bible and their literacy . 
  today , while the believers are , to say the least , a lot fewer i do believe they all have read the bible quite extensively . 
  at least all the ones i have had any longer conversation with . 
  protesting do n't matter , voting matter . 
  and we all know that thoe same feministic relativists did n't vote for a party that want to limit immigration or put some pressure on the molesting scum to adapt to our laws and cultures . 
  looks like a compromise then, 
  you are definitely from denmark if you think aarhus is n't flat . 
   the reasons for me being an advocate of immigration are more related to equalizing opportunities between countries . 
  if sweden can get 5 % worse by taking in 5 % extra population and make their lives 100 % better i find it admirable that you at least are honest with that reasoning but what he rather argues against , if i understand him correctly , is that people say that diversity in itself is stronger than homogeneity . 
  there 's often the case that people came here as refugees , got to stay for years while the conflict raged on and then when the conflict ended they had already got a permanent residence permit and built up their life here . 
  it 's the same case in sweden . 
  our society is very welcoming and , imo naively accepting of a lot of religious and social bullshit , but not hurting children . 
  if i lived in that sort of pollution i 'd use some idustrial grade shit . 
  like [ this ] ( http://www.witre.se/sv/wsw/halvmask-sundstrom-sr-100 ) where you can combine [ filters ] ( http://www.witre.se/sv/wsw/forfilter-partikelfilter-filter ) . 
  i 've worked in some nasty environments but using that with a pre-filter , a dust filter and a organic gas filter i 've felt nothing at all . 
  you do get a dry throat though . 
  but on the plus side , you sound like darth vader . 
  from the context of the rest of the quote , i i remember it right he felt it was not suited to the threats of our time , not that it should be scrapped . 
  is the stake supposed to go through the entire body ? 
  who in hell designed that system of constitution ? 
  when he speaks about european integration he does not mean immigration but the political and economical integration of the european states . 
  just in case you misunderstood that . 
  good god he sure is a european . 
  i have n't seen such misuse and brutality to the common comma since i studied european law or was reading tsypkin . 
  why not , we already share languages ( jokes aside , we can understand each other if the danes just slow down a bit ) , values and a history of unions . 
  then maybe we could get cracking on that proposed high speed train from olslo to k\u00f6penhamn . 
  something something neither can the danes ... 
  if we are being serious though from my perspective there 's a lot of difference between say , copenhagen danish and the south mainland danish . 
  i 've no problem understanding people in copenhagen but in kolding i did n't catch a single sentence . 
  ok you cunt , why dont you point out one single fucking thing i 've said that implies that there are races of humans that are of different intrinsic worth . 
  and bloody hell ... you are thick if you do n't see the multiple times i 've said that we do need to help refugees . 
  i 'm guessing you 're trolling . 
  `` migrants from the western balkans ( kosovo , albania , serbia ) and parts of west africa ( the gambia , nigeria ) and south asia ( bangladesh , pakistan ) are more likely to be economic migrants , fleeing poverty and lack of jobs , many of them hoping for a better lifestyle and job offers , without valid claims to refugee status . 
  [ 107 ] [ 108 ] [ 109 ] the majority of asylum applicants from serbia , macedonia and montenegro are roma people who feel discriminated against in their countries of origin . 
  [ 15 ] the influx from states like nigeria and pakistan is a mix of economic migrants and refugees fleeing from violence and war such as boko haram insurgency in north-east nigeria and the war in north-west pakistan . 
  [ 13 ] [ 110 ] [ 111 ] '' \u00a8 https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b6/map_of_the_european_migrant_crisis_2015_-_asylum_applicants%27_countries_of_origin.png https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/80/map_of_the_european_migrant_crisis_2015.png so much war in the balkans , pakistan is appraently incapable of taking care of their population now ?? 
  west africa is riddled with conflicts as of present ? 
  and i notice you ignored my point of where and who we should protect . 
  and my main point was never that we should not protect those in need , it was rather that they do not need to stay when the conflict ends . 
  the answer to protecting those in actual need is not necessarily integration and permanent residence . 
  sweden have as of now a housing crisis , an education system that is on an accelerating downward spiral , one of the most unwelcoming employment markets in the world . 
  thanks to recent immigration we now have age brackets where the gender balance is worse than china and areas of the nation where more than half of school students does not have swedish as their main language and a population where more than one in five is not of swedish ethnicity . 
  nope , never said we should . 
  refugees are everyone 's responsibility . 
  economic immigrants , not so much . 
  also , just helping those with resources and ability to get to northern europe is not the optimal ethical alternative . 
  i 'll keep going : i eat ketchup on sausages . 
  pickled herring is delicious . 
  my favorite food is blood sausage . 
  and the kicker : islam is not the worst religion . 
   you 're implying that we do n't , yet we do . 
  check out the housing crisis in sweden . 
  i eat sallad to an english breakfast . 
  i just use firefox for porn and chrome for non porn . 
  i want to pick up where i left goddammnit . 
  if you are serious - starship troopers an ok book with shitty message , also hilarious movie that ridicules the book . 
  wooooooooooooosh, 
  idk , maybe if there was more going on in the background . 
  it 's dark , it 's raining , apparently it 's quite windy and cold and just because of those little things the person in the photo is running like a bitch ... yup , sure is finland . 
  nah , if it here a naked woman , noone would object to it being nsfw . 
  never claimed otherwise . 
  current `` therapies '' are current . 
  logically that does not mean all future methods will be . 
  my point is simply that what is now does not determine what could be . 
  and if you could change your sexuality at whim , why not let people . 
  also , would not quite a few be willing to explore an option that would give them a more open sexuality ? 
   because homosexuality is normal and ca n't be changed . 
  simply because it 's normal does not mean it ca n't be changed .
