  also , a lot of acting is about emotions and it 's no suprise there that the original actors are quite skilled at conveying that . 
  a lot of dubs use subpar actors . 
   how did they determine that hungary has `` high proficiency '' in english ? 
  they do not . 
  the few people i found when visiting that could speak english at the very basic level was all under 30 . 
  it 's `` danskj\u00e4vel '' , not the other way around . 
  the danish word for us is as far as i can tell `` svurghelgurgel '' . 
  probably because of two reasons . 
  a. there is no border controls inside the eu , so it would be impossible to maintain control of where the lobsters end up . 
  b. possible legal reasons , as the eu has been given the legal power to regulate international trade for al member states . 
  also , because of the rules on the single market , a product sold in one member state is free to be sold in all other ( with a huge number of exceptions , i do n't know if environmental reasons is one of them ) . 
  no ... my point was that the boston bomber was a muslim 2gen shitbag , so the standard stereotype would have been right . 
   boston bomber . 
  maybe not the best example :p, 
   / r/sweden bullshit , that place is as left wing as it 's right . 
  it all depends on what faction gets to the comment section first . 
   turkey is kind of crazy right now . 
   you would n't want to have close ties with such a country because that country is to the south east of your country ? 
  not if it means having the external border of our union to the crazy middle east . 
   westminster is the body that makes them legally binding . 
  i thought referendums could n't be binding under the uk constitution ? 
  http://www.statista.com/statistics/268830/unemployment-rate-in-eu-countries/ germany have profited heavily from the free market of the eu . 
  but overall , the eu is fighting against youth unemployment . 
  the best solution for europe as a whole is to increase and ease the movement of people already inside the system . 
  also , i have never argued against , and will never argue against workforce immigration if truly necessary . 
  but is that really what this is - how exactly are the skills evaluated now ? 
  how have integration worked out ? 
  how have politicians navigated and identified the very real and very dangerous pitfalls of importing foreign cultures into european nations ? 
  no lies at all . 
  notice the word `` offered '' . 
  the system in place encourages individuals to physically move through borders , where overburdened states tries to sort , control and remove individuals that are , to say the least , uncooperative . 
  the process of removing unwanted individuals are known to be ineffective , expensive and slow . 
  and , no , if help where truly localized to areas in need , we would see a strict border control , coupled with coordinated , sufficient humanitarian and military assistance . 
  but sure , go ahead , call me any bad word you want , sticks and stones . 
   humanitarian values yes , the humanitarian values of unregulated immigration . 
  asylum should be offered those in need , and help should be localized as much as possible . 
   * there is no housing glut in sweden , nobody is buying multiple houses in the hope of flipping them later . 
  thats not entirely true . 
  its not widespread though , and usually the flippers do some ( cosmetic ) renovation to increase the value . 
  the german taxpayer agreed to that duty when they choose to welcome these people to their country . 
  now they should shoulder the burden of restoring justice for their women , and incarcerating their attackers is a good start . 
  a glance is just whatever . 
  maintaining eye contact is sending a signal , either you want something , like getting directions , or hitting on them , or picking a fight . 
  funny thing , with all the romanian beggars that have flooded our towns i 've noticed a difference there , homegrown beggars usually do n't make eye contact , immigrants do . 
  not in the nordic countries , if you do n't look a person in the eye when talking to them in a social situation ( party , a pub , hanging out ) it would rather be seen as rude or shy . 
  mandatory gene bank depositions and ~ ~ forced ~ ~ gladly volunteered inseminations of all healthy adults . 
  ( serious answer : nordic social life is very much ruled by time and place ; you do n't talk to strangers , but parties , after school activities ( especially at universities ) , pub crawls , and so on is open season . ), 
  less material to distribute in case the national security situation gets worse . 
  lesser cost for the defense if they do n't need to store and maintain the guns . 
  increased morale of reserve troops . 
   `` pretending-to-wipe-something-off-my-face-to-avoid-eye-contact-with-stranger '' clasic move , combined with `` fiddling-around-with-the-wallet '' and `` directly-focusing-on-the-credit-card-code-terminal '' you can get out of the store without any eye contact at all . 
  why even live at all if you ca n't have hummus . 
  the puritan assholes in eu wanted to remove flavour from our snus . 
  they also saw the increase in brands and varieties as something negative . 
  there is no complete connection between snus and cancer , and all other health concerns are imo completely negligible compared to other legal drugs in the eu and lifestyle choices . 
  the eu commission is completely detached from the populations they should serve and their imperialistic behavior is pushing the nordic countries away . 
  greek food better than turkish . 
  but why ? 
  we have done nothing to deserve that have we ? 
  the most i can think of is that we do n't seem to do anything bad , nor have we a dominant position to push other countries around . 
  so aside from not pissing people of , what are the reasons ? 
  i believe there must be a balance between the courts and the police being wrong and if they actually made unacceptable mistakes . 
  would you rather we have murderers and terrorists walking the streets because we are afraid of having to pay for damages done to single individuals ? 
   if they immediately put him in jail and the court of appeals judges not guilty it would constitute is imprisonment was unjust thats a shit law , why would you ever have that ? 
  my god ... are you for real ? 
  here 's a hot tip , check the party affiliation data for the public service reporters . 
  unbiased ... you have got to be trolling . 
   like sr , svt or ur who are independent and impartial and required to contain diverse content buddy ... why would you shoot youself in the foot like that . 
  you have fact based arguments lined up ( correct or not idk ) , and then you drag youself down with biased statements like that ? 
   keeping someone in a cell with no indication when they will be let go or deported is a violation of numerous human rights especially the right to due process . 
   you can not lock somebody up and just say `` we 'll deal with it later '' why though , they could just leave you know . 
  hell , we could even pay their plane tickets . 
  i have n't dared look into that one . 
  only by the grace of god i was n't there , so it hits to close to home . 
  maybe by proxy , in some kind of conversion . 
  but immigrant criminals usually want the same as all other , money , drugs and women . 
  not virgins in heaven . 
  what sane man would want 72 * virgins * . 
  that sounds horrible . 
  also , keeping 72 women satisfied , in bed and in life ? 
  i 'm not sure any man should try that . 
  those are gang wars and extortion . 
  well they are swedes . 
  sarcasm and biting remarks under a thin veil of politeness is in our dna . 
  uhu , but if you are going for that kind of case , and want to take it to the `` h\u00f6gsta domstolen '' ( highest court , supreme court . . idk ) you might want to be prepared to go prepared to loose . 
  it 's a limited amount , but still , if they earn a average yearly income they are still on the hook for 40 per cent . 
  it would be a funny case to follow . 
  hope it happens . 
  altough i dobt those supporters would have the dough to bring it all the way . 
  maybe if they all pitched in ? 
  i 'll give it a try . 
  frihet f\u00f6r ultras \u00e4r slutm\u00e5let , tack ygeman f\u00f6r kryph\u00e5let aik : s supporters mean well , now we mask ourselves for religious reasons . 
  freedom for supporters is the goal , thank you ygeman for the loophole . 
  thats the literal translation . 
  you have 15 euro bikes ?!, 
  maybe i should go there on vacation and take the bike home . 
  hm , i assume that all of the netherlands is pretty flat , so is denmark . 
  how is groningen-lubeck ? 
  lots of hills ? 
  tourists with bolt cutters ?
