  i love that they also wrote a sarcastic rhyme about it . 
  what part am i wrong about ? 
  no seriously . 
  you do n't think they are terrorists ? 
  you do n't see how people that brag about murders and arsons are murderous bastards ? 
  the delusional one here is you . 
  i wont waste my time trying to convice someone that just ignores the part where i point out their terrorist activities . 
  you are a terrorist apologist , i hope you are proud of that . 
  an oficiall unclosed case that a suspect is * bragging about and using to intimidate people * . 
  yes . 
  antifa is guilty of several terrorist attacks in sweden . 
  read up . 
  stop defending terrorists ? 
  learn google translate then . 
  pretty simple . 
  should tell you about their attempted murders . 
  so yhea . 
  brag about murders . 
  attempt murder . 
  several times . 
  terrorists . 
  fuck you . 
  have you heard of locks ? 
  read the article . 
  the dude all but says he did it . 
  did you also miss the part where they set a old mans house on fire . 
  with him and his wife inside . 
  that they managed to get out makes it no less a murderous attempt . 
  which is also included in the punishment . 
  but no . 
  defend terrorists . 
  20:00 is early for a beer in a bar ? 
  spain just went from `` sunny paradise i want to visit '' to `` my god how do they live '' ? 
  really https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/fryshusmordet yes really really really you are ignorant . 
  get reading . 
  btw . 
  love how you ignore the part where i call them terrorists . 
  what ? 
  i 've seen their fucking rallies . 
  they stand there and scream how everyone to the right of the socialist party is racist nazu scumbags . 
  antifa beats up whomever the fuck they feel like . 
  they are not the good guys . 
  they are murdering fucking terrorists . 
  well boris johnson , the so aptly named prick , agree with them . 
  if the british people sometime in the future wonder why some europeans are a bit pissed at them , they should look no further than their secretary of state . 
   who acknowledges swedish men have the lowest rate of lung cancer in europe , partly due to the low tobacco smoking rate ,  another study reports 16 cases of oral cancer among snus users . 
  [ 10 ] [ clarification needed ] other studies and opinion pieces in renowned journals , such as the british medical journal and the lancet , [ 11 ] [ 12 ] do not confirm any correlation between snus usage and oral cancer , but one study suggests a probable increased risk of pancreatic cancer as a result of snus use . 
  [ 13 ] sweeteners ... eeeew, 
  nah , usually in these statistics , that is calculated as spirits . 
  the rules have changed . 
  since the sub grew steadily but slow , and thus maintained the quality of content they recently removed the non linking rule . 
  it 's still bannable to post links in meta subs , ie shitredditsays or other abominations . 
   is it very different from a girl who wears a hard rock band t-shirt , or a shirt with a political party logo/message ? 
  depends on what band - if it 's a highly political one , with some very weird , absurd and frankly disgusting tenets . 
  sure , same thing . 
  more often than girls not wearing headscarfs . 
  yes ? 
  they have the price of having their country in the free market . 
  they get the benefit of fom , but let 's not pretend there is n't trade-offs with the other pillars of the free market . 
  estonia is open for other countries workers , and most notably goods and services . 
  which leads to an interesting question . 
  who would get a scottish citizenship after a separation ? 
  it would not be a good idea to grant dual citizenship to too many of the population of scotland and the uk if scotland now wants to remain a part of the free market and potentially a full eu member . 
  if they did , those with double citizenship would be getting the benefits of free movement , through their right to move to scotland , yet pay no price for that while living in the uk . 
   britain did respect irelands right to sovereignty gr8 b8 m8, 
  oh calm down . 
  i just want to explain the different uses of different hams . 
  but on the crusade thingy ... i do n't think that would go over so well , honestly i think there are more black metal fans than christians up here . 
   nah it 's more like claiming espresso is better than american filter coffee idk about america , but i 'd take swedish coffee over espresso every day . 
  typical mediterraneans ... how exactly am i supposed to combine that dry leafthin , stringy thing with a shitton of mustard , dark bread , cloves and a tall glass of ale ? 
  i do n't think it would mix well . 
  are we talking about egg donated surrogateship or the other , disgusting kind ? 
  you really have to clarify , otherwise i ca n't respond . 
  i any case , if you ca n't see how paying for a woman to let you inseminate her egg , let her carry the child and then take it from it 's biological mother - for money !, 
  - is not buying a child , idk what 's wrong with you . 
  are you arguing against me or someone else ? 
  idk who you are talking to because it sure ai n't me . 
  someone that have to opinions you seem to argue against perhaps ... but then why write to me ? 
  did i ever write somethinga bout modern adoptions being wonders of ethic and morals ... ho ... hmmm ... no ... no ... 
  giving and selling are very different things . 
  sperm is not a human being . 
  the delivered object in surrogateshp is a living human being , now trasfered and bougth for by money , consisting in best case scenario of donated sperm and egg and in absolute worst case of the surrogate mothers egg . 
  the first alternative is something that can be discussed . 
  the latter is imo just wrong , without and grey area . 
   you are effecting primarily good law abiding people who would do it responsibly and respectfully . 
  buying a baby is not somethng you * can * do responsibly and respectfully . 
  that was , more or less my point . 
  it 's not about * your * body . 
  it 's about the child . 
   good thing that he did n't frame the surrogacy question as an equal rights question then . 
  `` however , female couples have more parental rights than male couples ( ... ) surrogacy remains illegal for both opposite-sex couples and same-sex couples . '', 
  did you eve read what i wrote or did you simply imagine something ? 
  i 'm just to tired to explain myself to people that ca n't understand simple arguments . 
  i ' l reply when you write something that actually adress my main point . 
  bollocks . 
  the ban on surrogacy is hardly aimed at gay men . 
  there is no allowance of say a straight couple with a barren female to get a surrogate baby . 
  this is just the lgbt crowd trying to own a question they are not entitled to . 
  the issue is not whether gay men could be good parents , but rather the rights of the women that would be exploited and most importantly the rights of the child . 
  it 's not some easy simplistic moral question , it 's the purchase of a human being .
