indians , aussies , saffas , etc can all vote in the uk too . 
  and known for thimun when i was a student . 
  first two sources are over a year old ; the uk and the us are the two major economies that are growing decently . 
  stagnation is not going to happen . 
  third source talks about the global economy , no mention of the uk . 
  the global economy is going to slow down , the uk will continue to outpace all of europe ( along with the rest of the anglosphere ) . 
  who do you think is building all the houses in london ? 
  it 's the poles !, 
  the original comment was a dig at the english , the next comment was a dig at the italians , i do n't even know how your comment was a joke . 
  metropolitan line . 
  it was a joke in reply to a joke . 
  it 's all far game . 
  how ? 
  a monthly pass is like 120-180 . 
  commuter from out of town ? 
  fair enough . 
  i was n't trying to accuse you or anything , i was just genuinely curious as i had n't heard of the standard . 
  i 'll do some research and see if i can find it . 
  well i read economics under ha-joon chang , but i 'm not going to use him as a source . 
  i wanted to see a verifiable source . 
  source ? 
  i 've never heard of this standard . 
  nairu is country dependent , not a standard 7 % . 
  since west europe became a byword for rich europe . 
  using your logic the fact that those people are n't drowning in the english channel means the uk does n't have to support search and rescue operations . 
  because the uk , and this may be an alien concept to you , is a functioning democracy that wants to put major decisions in the hands of its people . 
  baker street for one . 
  the economy shrunk in q2 , so once we get q3 numbers we 'll know if germany is in a recession . 
  this may come as a surprise to you , but the iraq war is not the only thing the british public care about . 
  hell , it 's not even in the top 5 factors for deciding a political affiliation . 
  except not every country needs to make the same size and amount of cuts . 
  the uk , along with japan and the u.s , is a string economy and would in theory not need to make cuts as severe as you might see in other places . 
  even a strong economy like france evidently needs to make bigger cuts than the uk , seeing as they 're still in the shitter . 
  except evidently a ) ours is a manageable deficit , and b ) the plan to turn it into a surplus by 2019 may well be a possible . 
  the u.s. and japan have huge deficits , but economies like theirs and the uk have the capability and governance to support larger deficits than , say , portugal or greece . 
  austerity , among several things , is what has helped the uk grow . 
  austerity might not be the main cause , but it has helped . 
  this is a punishment for that . 
  france for one . 
  the eurozone has a budget deficit rule , follow it . 
  if you ca n't follow advice and you 're economy is n't looking too rosy then then why should the uk have to subsidise those countries ? 
  qe is not a part of the red box budget . 
  as far as the budget is concerned the uk has made deep , difficult cuts . 
  it 's a bit annoying to then get the eu demanding a piece of that pie . 
  except the rest of england shares a government and a union with london . 
  the presence of both common monetary policy and fiscal policy render your point moot . 
  any financial issues found in the rest of the country are a consequence of a budget and monetary policy that covered both london and those other counties . 
  london therefore had a partial contribution in the fate of those other counties , just like every county is partially responsible for every other county ; they are part of the central government . 
  it 's a bit different in the eu , where there are vast differences , and requirements , in monetary and fiscal policy . 
  for the uk at least , this is essentially a hybrid between foreign aid and fiscal transfer . 
  when that union happens let me know and i 'll give my blessing to such outrageous increases in transfers . 
  except the rest of england shares a government and a union with london . 
  the presence of both common monetary policy and fiscal policy render your point moot . 
  it 's a bit different with sovereign nations . 
  in this example , the uk and the netherlands have tightened their belts , imposed austerity and thus made sacrifices . 
  they now have to give more money to nations that have resisted austerity and belt-tightening and continue to live beyond their means . 
  what a fucking joke . 
   if you want prosperity in all european nations , wealthier nation states must pay poorer ones . 
  then where 's the incentive for these poor countries to do anything ? 
  they do fuck all and build up massive national debt with government spending that is well beyond their means . 
  why should the rich countries , with proper governance and financial management , have to continue to subsidise the periphery who seem to be incredibly reluctant to scale down their clearly flawed fiscal policies ? 
  some subsidising i can understand , but when greece , portugal and even france continue with massive budget deficits it 's taking the piss somewhat . 
  i 've been hearing this joke since i was in primary school some 15 years ago . 
  that 's besides the point , otherwise why are n't they staying in france ? 
  by most counts it 's the second best in the world after the us , but that could be challenged by the chinese going forward . 
  i think i 'm out of the loop . 
  what is this kappa thing everyone keep mentioning ? 
  the italian sportwear brand ? 
  ca n't use anecdotal evidence from a university shop , they 're always cheaper . 
  he 'll , you can get pints for # 2-2 .50 in south ken if you look at university prices . 
  it 's poor form to use different sources for a graph like this as it results in considerably different results and misrepresents the data . 
  if his source only has these countries then it would be a mistake to include other countries under different sources with possibly very different data . 
  we 've won 8 out of the last 10 . 
  the us dominated when it was just the us vs the uk ( + ireland ) , but with all of europe it 's been a lot more even , with europe having a clear advantage though . 
  both your statements are false . 
  there are poorer countries in western europe ( e.g. 
  portugal ) and several countries richer in natural resources per capita ( e.g. 
  australia ) . 
  essentially , it 's not something you consider when you decide on where to live . 
  even if you 're depressed , you do n't look at a country 's suicide rates when making any decision in your life . 
  you slowly lose your tax free allowance sadly . 
  it normally covers the uk , though this could be a regional one that does n't . 
  yeah , surprised they counted the scots and northerners . 
  they ca n't hold a conversation in english with anyone but us britons !, 
  james bond with a german accent speaking german ? 
  ugggh , would completely turn me off the movie . 
  in population or area ? 
  sure . 
  nominal gdp ? 
  fat fucking chance . 
  it 's fantastic in the summer . 
  what kind of jobs are available there though , especially for people with a degree ? 
  is there a job shortage ? 
  probably due to london having the biggest bus network of any city in the world . 
  also , new york has very poor transport out of the city when compared to london 's extensive rail network . 
  the thing is though , nyc is a ) the capital of many thing for an entire nation of 320 million people , and b ) the capital of the eastern united states ( 180m ) for several others , such as entertainment and probably technology . 
  london 's main catchment area is 60m people , new york has a catchment area of 320m people . 
  i 'd say the majority of annual ** european ** tourists visit parts of france other than paris . 
  i 'd say 60 % + travel to the rest of the country and not paris in any given year . 
  european tourists almost make up the majority of tourists in france .
