  yep , a lot more variety in turkey . 
  what i was mainly comparing was an iskender kebab ( one of many types i had in istanbul and ankara ) , which has meat similar to the meat you find in nicer kebab places in london . 
  it was phenomenal . 
  if you 've never been to turkey and had a real kebab i feel sorry for you . 
  best in the world , followed by germany and england ( both have tons of turks ) in my opinion . 
  ppp . 
  counts for fuck all soft power . 
  no one uses that in the uk , it 's just `` yous '' . 
  in the us i reckon `` y' all '' has got you covered as it 's technically one word !, 
  it 's incredibly common . 
  i use it at least a couple of times a week . 
  so many russians in goa . 
  i imagine he meant argentina . 
  the best-selling tabloid is the sun . 
  more central when only considering rich countries . 
  it 's quite common in the english language , just not in the uk . 
  used all the time in hk for example . 
  i 've seen older people , like my nan , use it often enough to refer to europe . 
  yes , but the hypothetical you responded to was about taking the ** entire ** syrian population . 
  finland would get 200,000 in that case , and it would be a representative demographic slice seeing as the discussion is about the entire population , not just the current refugees . 
  unless you actually think 80 % of syria 's population is men in theirs 20s and 30s ? 
  i 'm surprised how dim so many comments in / r/europe are . 
   especially when its infrastructure , job health , education and housing markets are overwhelmed beyond repair . 
  / r/europe is like a parody nowadays . 
   there may come a time where czech republic is the place to be . 
  not happening in the foreseeable future . 
   how can it be that there are 20 articles about refugees a day on here and still people have no clue what 's going on ... 
  the ignorance , and misinformation in / r/europe is incredible . 
  i reckon the average age here is about 15 . 
  what 's stopping frankfurt now ? 
  it 's a pimple right now , and it has little to no chance of coming close to london . 
  do you not find it inconvenient due to size and bulk ? 
  you take your passport to pubs/bars etc ? 
  that 's inconvenient and riskier . 
   it would eliminate the best type of immigrants - entrepreneurs . 
  it does n't eliminate successful entrepreneurs . 
  so many successful startups in europe come to the uk once they 've grown ( e.g. 
  transferwise ) , and these restrictions wo n't make a difference to bringing in successful , growing startups . 
  post-war britain needed immigration , and the need continued to the present day . 
  east african immigration was a humanitarian decision as well . 
  each of these waves was a net benefit to the uk as they filled labour gaps , not to mention cultural diversity . 
  there have been several state-managed immigration waves post-war , in particular from the west indies ( 50s and 60s ) , india and east africa ( 60s and 70s ) , africa ( 80s and 90s ) and bangladesh ( 90s ) . 
  these pushes encouraged immigration for the betterment of the uk , and they succeeded . 
  or ` vote them in ' , if ukip had a reasonable chance of winning . 
  not just imperialism , but saving the continent time and again does that its toll on our woodlands . 
   i do n't take it sitting down when i see someone insult my country or my people , you get up far too easily though . 
  it 's the internet ; calm down . 
  and if you do n't have the self-reflection abilities to see that bullfighting * can * be considered barbaric by some then you 're going to have a tough time outside of your own little bubble . 
  i thought greek was more common than italian in aus ? 
  what 's the reasoning for 3 of the caribbean islands to be a part of the netherlands but not the others ? 
  you can definitely stop the rich from evading taxes , what 's hard is stopping them avoiding taxes . 
  vc and pe funds are usually run in dollars . 
  when raising funds that is . 
   the catalan people want to be independent we do n't know that all . 
  that 's sort of the point of a referendum . 
  so there is less impetus for the imf to forgive debt . 
  yes , but that eventuality was made clear when we contributed to the imf . 
  bailing the greeks out using efsm funds was not a eventually we agreed to when we contributed to the efsm . 
  from their own private personal bank accounts , sure . 
  not scottish government funds can be used though . 
  i think you 're talking about de la rue , and it does indeed take a lead time of somewhere between 2 months ( small african countries with limited need for security features ) and 6 months ( major currencies ) according to a friend of mine . 
  q1 and q2 2015 have n't been approved yet , and wo n't be for quite some time . 
   you can start producing hit tv serials and blockbuster movies and music in your own regional dialect . 
  we produce all three of those things in abundance . 
  in particular music , but also tons of big , successful movies and tv shows . 
   a brent oil etf will cost you a lot on contango in the future market . 
  yep , everyone i know has been recommending against it due to contango . 
  that 's the japanese edition mate . 
  my copy is in english . 
   their overpopulation will put a massive strain on their resources . 
  india is actually not very population dense based on agricultural land . 
  they are less dense than most of europe . 
  population density is not an issue in india , and wo n't be for the foreseeable future . 
  it is this density that matters more than pure population density . 
  even the `` sense of space '' argument does n't hold until population density hits 2-3k . 
   austerity means cuts and tax raises for everyone except for corporate banker lobbyists that 's not true at all . 
  for example , my taxes have gone up since the tories came into power and implemented their austerity measures . 
   cricket yep , the new aggressive one-day england is looking good , or at the least , promising . 
  hopefully we can level the series tomorrow . 
   about three-quarters of the world 's population still does not speak english . 
  the market is different from the addressable market . 
  sure , 3/4 of the world does n't speak english , but 95 % of the people i might and do deal with speak english , and that 's all over emea . 
  i do n't care if a farmer in china , or a factory worker in india or a textile worker in indonesia do n't speak english . 
  it 's still useful to learn additional languages , but the `` 3/4 do n't speak english '' is disingenuous in its simplicity . 
  the biggest , and i mean by far the biggest , reason that startups base themselves in the uk ( and the us ) is the highly developed and specialised financial markets . 
  the english language is a bonus , but the financial markets , and the agents operating within them , are the main reason . 
  since 2000 mate . 
  read the gpb report . 
  about a 20-30 % ( iirc ) of succesful startups in silicon valley are founded by foreigners . 
  they still count as american firms . 
  most of those founders brought their ideas or initial products to the us from their home nations . 
  it really is ironic that poor eu countries/nationals are complaining about poorer people immigrating to europe . 
   the purdah rules , no ? 
  purdah applies to the government * itself * , not the parties . 
  it 's a very important difference . 
  in the case of cameron , clegg , miliband and co , it was their parties ' plans , not a government statement . 
  private pensions are fully funded ( i.e. 
  you pay out of your earnings for your own pension ) , while public pension are predominantly pay-as-you-go ( i.e. 
  you pay out of your earnings for the pension of those currently retired ) . 
  payg pensions rely on future generations , fully funded pension do not .
