  who 'd 've thunk it ? 
  i would welcome european based cloud services . 
  and here the dutch media kept trumpeting that we 're finally out of a recession ( which already seemed ridiculous to me , when they told us we 'd seen a growth of 0.1 % , which is more like a margin of error to me ), 
  that 's the most clitorical thing i 've ever heard . 
  16 out of 20 , and i do n't like death metal , and i barely even visit ikea . 
  different date too : april 26th for the foreigners who wish to visit us on kingday . 
  ah yes , our nationally televised dictation contest every year in december is usually won by the flemish . 
  though in recent years we have been slowly reclaiming the title . 
  but the flemish still have us beat . 
  and still bergen op zoom managed to get money from the government to deal with coffeeshop related problems after they closed all the coffeeshops . 
  though , there 's a lot of unregulated weed sale now than there was before they closed it . 
  a bar nearby my house stinks of weed everytime i bike past it , and with some shady looking figures standing outside . 
  and previous neighbours of mine had been growing the stuff out of their house . 
  i woke up to a strong weed smell in my house when the police had raided the place . 
   we mostly like germany actually . 
  we only dislike them during football games . 
  yup , 89 minutes of play and germany wins in the final minute . 
  you 've never seen my country during queensday , nay kingday ? 
  who ? 
  hansje brinker ( the boy with his finger on the dike ) is barely known in the netherlands . 
  mostly foreigners know about him . 
  do n't forget piet heyn . 
  he fought and won the ` silver fleet ' or la flota . 
  meesa heard yousa liked star wars and memes . 
  meesa used a meme to reference star wars , so that yousa can enjoy memes and star wars while reading theesa meme about star wars . 
  it 's been my argument . 
  then again in my country it is still legal to download that kind of material . 
  i read on twitter that he got arrested . 
  but that could 've been a hoax . 
  https://www.ipernity.com/ flickr replacement from france . 
  my biggest gripe with our current crop of politicians is their seeming inability to take responsibility for their actions . 
  beating around the bushes , using weasel words . 
  also favoring prestige projects over stuff that will really help or country . 
  certain parts of the dutch government is great at putting the blame somewhere without providing any solutions . 
  not to mention the backroom dealings and secrecy . 
  we 're a bloody democracy , be open to your voters , we also count even if it is n't an election year . 
  best way to gain my respect : stand up for your beliefs and take responsibility for your actions . 
  but what this country really need is a government that is n't filled with just ` professional ' politicians . 
  it needs to not be afraid to take action . 
  btw , do n't try to please everyone . 
  because that 's impossible . 
  wow , i like the look of 23 . 
  i have no faith in our elected officials . 
  none , whatsoever . 
  i voted for the green party , and they destroyed my faith in them within weeks after the election , and now with scandal upon scandal , and especially with this prism , i have had enough . 
  i will seriously think about whether i will vote next time or not . 
  because , whoever you vote for , nothing good comes from it . 
  and a lot of dodging of questions . 
  \\* edit * apparently ivo `` brulkikker '' opstelten wants to copy and paste from brussels : http://www.nrc.nl/nieuws/2013/06/11/opstelten-prism-moet-eerst-in-brussel-worden-besproken/ and he has no backbone , says in the same article on questions from the green left party that it 's not the netherlands ' place to offer snowden political asylum . 
  he wants to wait what the us is saying on this . 
  we do n't have a patriot act . 
  that 's the biggest difference . 
  does n't mean that our governments do n't spy on us , but they ca n't call it legal if/when it comes out . 
  latvia finally get potato . 
  latvia happy . 
  i was there last year in september , it is a lovely town , but the area near the beach is deserted . 
  at least that 's what i saw . 
  oh yes , the science center in tartu is great, 
  i was surprised to see it that low . 
  judging from the media here it sounded as if the sky was falling . 
  granted they were talking about unemployment overall and this only shows for under-25s . 
  but still . 
  gorgeous country . 
  loads of sand roads . 
  lovely , very friendly people . 
  you really dislike the russians . 
  ( judging from the old russian houses that are left to rot , and how certain estonian chocoholics i met would avoid a certain brand of chocolate , because it 's a russian brand ) when the summer season has passed , certain parts of cities look positively deserted ( i 'm looking at you , parnu ) . 
  really odd language , hard to understand to my western ears . 
  tallinn has a beautiful medieval looking city-center . 
  i 'll give you links to the dutch wikipedia entries on both . 
  then i must admit that i do n't understand the `` communist free '' remark , given that you also add the socialist party 's numbers to the statistic . 
  the legend can be found in the white text in russia . 
  and apparently the person making this chart did n't care about accuracy , judging from the text . 
  netherlands is n't complete . 
  next to the sp ( socialist party ) , the pvda ( labour party ) is also considered on the left side of the spectrum , as is groenlinks ( green left ) . 
  and then there 's the dutch communist party ncpn . 
  or did you mean `` socialist '' parties instead of ` leftist ' ? 
  also what is your point with your explanation of the grey areas on your map ? 
  also socialism is not the same as communism . 
  or sing the national anthem before every sporting match ? 
  yeah me neither . 
  upvote for guus meeuwis ' brabant . 
  i do n't think that europeans are as patriotic as citizens of a certain big nation across the pond from here tend to be . 
  the only reason they scrubbed that intercity , was to legally increase the ticket prices . 
  looking at the ` supplements ' they ask for the fyra , looks more like railroad robbery to me rather than fair business . 
  well , right now it 's the ns giving the dutch and belgian travellers a big fuck you . 
  i 've heard them suggest on dutch news radio to take the stoptrain between roosendaal and antwerp instead of the fyra train . 
  that train stops everywhere , taking hours to get to antwerp , a journey that takes about 45 minutes by car , if that , from roosendaal . 
  and there you are with your 400 + euro a month subscription to the fyra ( for a second class seat ) . 
  ns hispeed ? 
  more like ns hi costs no speed . 
  i 'm just glad on my commute , i do n't have to take the fyra , i can take a regular intercity . 
  sorry , you 're right of course , with one exception , i 'm definitely not an american , i 'm dutch . 
  i could not remember the word tartan . 
  it 'll be plaid . 
  the other notes are scheduled for a revamp later . 
  page 3 , yup , i 'd love to see that on a banknote too . 
  they do n't consider actual news sources to be proof that this family asked for the letters . 
  they must have poop in their eyes . 
  [ will this do ?
