what 's the unsc ? 
  we convinced a group of students in ohio that cow tipping was a national sport with a league and championships and everything . 
  but then again they were from ohio after all . 
  bitch please they are called pieten and it 's a sensitive subject right now . 
  you must have missed the '' / s '' sarcasm mark . 
  tweets can also be deleted, 
  wow that term has gotten big . 
  it means everything from criticizing israeli government to stating a biblical `` fact '' to saying that `` palestinians deserve to live too '' . 
  `` fact '' it 's not proven that jesus actually existed . 
  and money is needed to hire a ux-expect to help flesh out that unintuitive user interface . 
  not even his mom ... 
  awel , what do you think of joining our southern friends ? 
  we 'd get brussels as well then . 
  and we 'd rule the whole of europe !, 
  sorry , was that my outside voice ? 
  vote for wallonia to secede from belgium !, 
  samurai pizza cats was dubbed from japanese to english . 
  and the dubbed version is arguably better than the original . 
  his laugh still grates on my nerves though . 
  `` i will return shortly '', 
  friends in poland with 1 male voice for all characters was a pretty bizarre thing to watch . 
  but knight rider in german is the best . 
  i am not a number !, 
  i am a free man !, 
  the bus stop gave me a hearty laugh . 
  what do they mean with that word ? 
  and that nlziet ` service ' uses proprietary plugins that are not available for linux , meaning that even the public broadcasting programs ca n't be seen by linux users . 
  i tried nlziet for a very short while , my phone ( a nexus5 ) was not supported by their app , and their online streams are inaccessible for me . 
  when you 're already logged in , they ask you to give them permission to draw money from your account , but the price tag is n't listed when you 're logged in ( only when you 're not logged in can you find the price ) . 
  so , screw you , nlziet . 
  you 're not getting my business . 
  we are not disrespectful hicks . 
  we are also decent human beings . 
  hart van nederland does n't really have a political colour in my view , it 's more like local news kind of stuff . 
  puppy stuck in tree , cat bites man , pigs can fly , that kind of stuff . 
  but spanning the nation . 
  it even has a quirky weatherman , piet paulusma . 
  not just football , also hockey . 
  yay dutch hockey girls for being reigning champions !, 
  too bad the men could n't copy it . 
  the forfeit buzzer . 
  \\* dresses up in orange clothing , and sits on the sidewalk selling the content of his attic * where is everyone else ? 
  i thought you said it was king 's day today ? 
  it might ruin his shoes . 
  a blind map ? 
  til i 'm not really dutch . 
   ( i have a difficult time getting some place on time , either i leave too late or i get stuck in traffic ( which meant that i left the house too late ) ) then again i 'm from brabant , and we do have our `` brabants kwartiertje '' . 
  ( pro-tip : do n't expect people from brabant to be very punctual . 
  9.00 might mean 9.15 for them ), 
  no , / u/mrmgl 's welcome . 
  here lies / u/genitaliban , he was a bit too curious about meeting interesting people , and was shanked for his troubles . 
  it even looks like a google earth image with their own graphics overlaid . 
  which makes it even worse . 
  they had decent source material to work with , and then seemingly deliberately did it wrong . 
  look at the location of the countries , most notably alemania ( germany ) and polonia ( poland ) . 
  and compare that to an actual map . 
  home baked ? 
  at the lidl i can find loaves of bread for 79 eurocent . 
  hmmm , the dutch media have been quite shouty about the dangers of the dutch youth unemployment in recent years , but compared to the rest of europe , we have it easy . 
  i know , i was as surprised as you are , when i saw it on their website . 
  but most territories outside the us can get the nfl gamepass for free . 
  disclaimer on their [ webpage ] ( https://gamepass.nfl.com/nflgp/secure/schedule ) :  * nfl game pass is being offered for free in your territory . 
  the availability of free access to nfl game pass is not guaranteed and may be terminated by the nfl at any time . 
  certain restrictions apply . 
  nfl game pass is only available to users located outside the united states , mexico , bermuda , antigua , the bahamas , and any u.s. territories , possessions and commonwealths . 
  game broadcasts included in the service are available only in english . 
  the nfl offers their gamepass for free in my territory . 
  including the superbowl , that 's how i watched it this year . 
  college football is a different story . 
  good baseball matches ? 
  given that we 're world champions , not that hard . 
  the dutch speedskating coach was deliberately rubbing you the wrong way , as that was his impression of how american news tv works . 
  but as a dutch guy , i cringed when he made those remarks . 
  i loved how stephen colbert dealt with anema 's stupid ass . 
  btw , i happen to like american football and good baseball matches ( and i really do n't like soccer ) . 
  ah yes , that makes sense . 
  why were you not allowed to keep your own passports on you ? 
  i think it 's strange that the teachers keep them in a box . 
  i like american football more than i like soccer/football . 
  i 'm dutch , but i really do n't care about ajax vs feijenoord . 
  is that why the broncos played like shit ? 
  they were stoned out of their minds ? 
  you do good work , european citizen . 
  spread the word . 
  heh , in order to watch that ad , youtube forced me to watch an ad . 
  i 'm surprised no one has mentioned [ rotterdam ] ( http://imgur.com/yxh6llx ) yet . 
  ( it 's not my own photo , i do n't have it any bigger ), 
  hmmm , i had never heard of that explanation of the name . 
  i have heard of the legend of hand werpen ( hand throwing ) , how brabo threw away the hand of the giant antigoon . 
  in what way does `` opposite to the shipyard '' translate to antwerp ? 
  we never did gifts on the 26th . 
  and it was either sinterklaas or kerstmis , never both . 
   i actually meant `` house '' where i said `` country '' , ik zet graag 1 joker in . 
  santa klaws ? 
  somehow i imagine a horrific figure taking children away instead of bringing gifts to them . 
  confused ? 
  spoiled more like . 
   man , i wish we had three gift giving holidays in my country when i was younger . 
  king jester ii . 
  a lieing politician ?
