  there was a ukip politician ( i forget who , as i am only following it from the sidelines ) on the news saying that ` ordinary people are sick of experts ' and while that sentiment would be pretty laughable , he is putting the finger on a sore spot there . 
  ` the people ' have been misled , with the banking crisis ( how many bank managers have been put in jail over their alledged crimes ? ), 
  with the economic downturn . 
  our dutch politicians for years were saying ` after the 7 years of drought , there will be oasis , we just need to stick it out ' . 
  instead it got even worse . 
  ` the people ' feel they are n't being listened to with regards to refugees , and the social care ( for which budgets are shrinking , and yet more and more people need said care ) , meanwhile you see the experts behave like fat cats . 
  that does n't sit right with the dutch joe the plumbers . 
  yes , in the uk there already was a lot of unrest about the eu before the referendum . 
  it 's the same in nl . 
  but it 's more than just that . 
  the distrust towards these ` experts ' has grown over the years too . 
  and they go hand in hand . 
  i of votings for polandball engrish . 
  sadly it 's the girl ( the uk ) that needs to invoke art 50 . 
  the guy ( the eu ) can only ask the girl ( the uk ) to hurry up and invoke the damn thing . 
  and no uk , you 're not a pretty pretty princess . 
  you 're a waffling frog . 
  referenda seem to give answers to questions that are never asked . 
  the ukraine association agreement referendum turned into a discussion of whether or not ukraine should be let into the eu . 
  but that was n't what was on offer . 
  it was a trading deal , that was mostly ratified already . 
  but here i do see a task for the government , in educating what the pros and cons are to the general public . 
  which is of course difficult in a culture where politicians are distrusted as much as they are . 
  you did the due diligence by finding this out for yourself and formed an informed opinion . 
  i can guarantee you that the majority of against voters ( and perhaps the majority of all voters and non-voters ) did n't , but only followed ` wat op feesboek hep gestaan ' . 
  but i felt that our politicians underestimated the geenpeil referendum , all i heard were the arguments of the ` against ' side , and very little of the ` pro ' side . 
  disclaimer : i voted for the association agreement . 
  glenn greenwald shared an interesting viewpoint on the intercept : https://theintercept.com/2016/06/25/brexit-is-only-the-latest-proof-of-the-insularity-and-failure-of-western-establishment-institutions/ the brexit results ( and all those other non-popular ( by the elite ) votes , like trump , sanders , corbyn ) are the cause of the ` people ' being fed up with the western establishment elite . 
  not sure if i agree fully , as there were a lot of people who had genuinely voted for a brexit because of immigration policy . 
  but i do think it explains the wild shifts in our current political spectrum . 
  i hope you 'll have that opportunity . 
  good luck . 
  every bit of trade needs new agreements . 
  i 'd say there 's a lot more work for diplomats now , than before . 
  which means that there are members of the population who voted `` leave '' but who now regret voting like that , which is what / u/estonia2012 was saying . 
  why did he vote `` leave '' ? 
  and why did n't he realize that it actually meant ` leaving the eu ' ? 
  street interviews done by the bbc . 
  too bad geert wilders is already posturing about having the same referendum in our country . 
  i hope that that will never happen . 
  because given how we voted in the ukraine referendum , i doubt it 'd be a good move . 
  especially for a trading nation that the netherlands is . 
  a strong eu is good for our economy ,, 
  some joker has put the uk up for sale on ebay : http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/222164348242 current bid 7.50 gbp . 
  it was more meant as a joke , as luxembourg ( the city ) has a number of beautiful buildings , like the notre dame cathedral and the adolphe bridge . 
  but the people that i encountered when i visited that city a number of years ago , were n't quite as friendly , helpful or as much fun as the people i encountered when i visited london . 
  i 'd append `` and less cheery '' to it . 
  also , you 're wrong . 
  the description to earth was ` harmless ' according to ford prefect , he went to the earth to extend the article and he came up with ` mostly harmless ' . 
  too wordy for something as small as luxemburg . 
  especially considering that it had this to say for the planet where you can find luxemburg : `` mostly harmless '' . 
  interesting , similar thing happened to the ukraine referendum in nl . 
  the misinformation that is . 
  one does n't simply walking into ~ ~ mordor ~ ~ the uk . 
  ah the chick who could stand in the middle of a roundabout , directing traffic . 
  no he was greek . 
  sure , but it 's gon na cost ya . 
  25 bucks per gram . 
  but this is high grade premium stroopwafel . 
  but they 're soooooooooooo gooooood !, 
  just smell them !, 
  \\* holds a nice fresh stroopwafel under / u/digital-hermit 's nose * there , does n't that just smell like heaven ? 
  go on , take a bite . 
  you know you want to . 
  \\* flings a few stroopwafels at the fleeing kids *, 
  i asked around here , some people would call apes ` mensapen ' ( human apes ) . 
  but usually it 's just ` apen ' for both . 
  the dutch word for monkeys is `` apen '' and for apes it 's also `` apen '' . . mea culpa maxima for making that mistake . 
  i was n't even remotely serious . 
  also look at the username of the '' \\* hint * \\* hint * '' comment . 
  also , you do know that there are actual monkeys on the rock that is called gibraltar , right ? 
  finally a use for the monkeys on gibraltar !, 
  \\* edit * because i made a mistake for calling monkeys apes . 
  my apologies , i meant it as a joke and not as an insult . 
  sukkel means fool in dutch . 
  you could try for a swiss nationality ... at least , if that 's what you want . 
  i 'm sure that have i got news for you is looking for someone to host the show . 
   during the campaign vote leave said the referendum was not about leaving the common market , it was only about our membership of the eu . 
  which they damn well knew was a fantasy . 
  ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
  the camp in calais was proof that you already did n't have uncontrolled immigration . 
  same can be said about the political right . 
  there 's no compromise to be found there either . 
  i wonder what effect this will have on uk citizens who are currently living/working outside the uk ... 
  i for one would n't be a blocking element . 
  but i 'm only 1 ( pro-eu ) voice . 
  i think he at least has a lot of practice playing with the world 's smallest flute ... 
  how about a willem instead ? 
  brexit all you want , for all i care , but taking away the great british bake off from me is a tragedy !, 
  ( in nl we can watch the bbc but not channel 4 ), 
  the scone is gone ? 
  great . 
  constant reruns of millennium and bron . 
  the thing is , that ` hahn ' translates to ` cock ' , but the animal , not the valve thing . 
  it 's a complete happy accident that they used that term and that it meant something applicable . 
  also , that meaning of the word ` cock ' is a bit obscure for non-english speakers , so that 's another reason why i think it 's unlikely that they used that word on purpose . 
  for instance , until this thread i only knew of 2 meanings of that word , the male productive organ and the animal . 
  `` valve '' would have made a lot more sense , as most ( native and non-native ) english people would understand that word . 
  and still , the amount of engrish , dungrish and gungrish on stuff like this is staggering . 
  the english on this valve is a courtesy , not mandatory per se .
