  ] ( https://imgur.com/qucsflv ) [ or perhaps this ? 
  there 's no f sound in gogh . 
  try agog without the a and you 're very close . 
  king who ? 
  :p to be honest , i do n't remember that anymore . 
  but that 's mostly because he was n't the king of my nation . 
  a day to sell off your crap to unsuspecting passers by . 
  and for the nation to look like an orange juice factory has exploded . 
  though the day off is nice . 
  it is . . with the dutch `` g ''  but the english `` gog '' as in `` agog '' is already a huge improvement . 
  that 's like the dutch meeting the rest of the world halfway with the pronunciation of van gogh ( no , it 's not pronounced `` go '' ... bad english-speaking world , bad ! ), 
  very . 
  we have a king we did n't vote for . 
  and there was n't even a watery tart throwing a sword at him . 
  thanks for this pronunciation guide . 
  i was half-joking , but it 's nice to know that my classical music loving friends have pronounced his name incorrectly all this time . 
  bargain basement holidays ? 
  you mean it 's not pronounced like chopping wood ? 
  european broadcasting union also provides sports coverage such as the european football cup , olympic games and of course technical support for news all over the world . 
  when you see a news reporter in a foreign country , odds are that the ebu is providing the video link . 
  amazon.nl only does kindle ebooks . 
  it 's very limited in that regard . 
  it does n't offer music , nor films . 
  amazon.de is much more like the regular amazon.com store . 
  just like amazon.co.uk and amazon.fr my guess is that you can only rent movies in the countries where the ` full ' amazon store is available . 
  oddly enough german netflix has season 9 of doctor who with dutch subtitles , while in the netherlands it only offers up to season 8 . 
  only in some countries . 
  amazon does n't have the reach that netflix does . 
  i 'm gon na name this french fry after him . 
  i dub thee , ff david attenborough , may thy voyage be short , and may thee be crispy and delicious . 
  were you having a fapple ? 
  ah yes , the website that got saved through wasting taxpayer 's money . 
  http://www.hoemannendenken.nl/2016/03/31/het-feest-van-het-referendum/ i did vote in the referendum , but i 'd much prefered if the 40 million euro was spent somewhere else , like in healthcare or education . 
  i thought that was already a done deal ? 
  that said , it beats the spacex drone-ship 's name : `` of course i still love you '' . 
  at least boaty mcboatface makes it clear that it 's a boat . 
  but do i put the gun in the checked luggage or in the hand baggage ? 
  i have lots of selfies . 
  they are great selfies . 
  the best selfies . 
  but canada is not in the eu . 
  poor nostalgia chick . 
  forever captured in this gif . 
  ahh the fast show . 
  miss that show still . 
  but i was very very drunk . 
  off with / u/e _ dudlinger 's head !, 
  flame on !, 
  majority . 
  but other than the typo , saltysolomon is right . 
  but it does n't hurt to enlighten the tech illiterates why this proposal is wrong . 
   context this is what i found on this subject : https://www.theguardian.com/media/2016/aug/10/sky-news-defends-report-on-gun-running-amid-claims-of-faked-meeting tl ; dr : stuart ramsay released a news report for sky news on illegal weapons sales happening in romania , according to some people , involved with the recording of the report , that report was staged . 
  ramsay and sky news stand by the report . 
  directed by michael bay and quentin tarantino, 
  true , not much , but not nothing . 
  it was quite clear that even the leave campaigners had no idea what was supposed to happen . 
  i 'm not a politician , and i am not well versed enough into article 50 ( have n't read it myself ) , so i 'm not entirely sure what needs to be done , other than set a clearer timeline . 
  at least that would offer a bit more clarity than what we saw happening in the kingdom . 
  the political meltdown was amusing to follow , but it 's not exactly helpful for the uk economy and the eu economy . 
  there will be no deal , until after they have made 100 % crystal clear that they are not going to leave the eu , or after they have issued article 50 . 
  tough luck . 
  it 's the result of `` the people 's vote '' . 
  if they had n't wanted to actually leave , they should have voted ` remain ' . 
  a good portion of the dutch population does n't like the ` no ' - result of the ukraine trade agreement referendum we had earlier this year . 
  but it happened . 
   the only way it could happen is for the eu to give a deal so bad that it would force the uk to bottle it . 
  except the eu has said it would not make any deals with the uk , until it has made clear its intentions regarding article 50 . 
  be honest , days after the vote the uk seemed rutherless at sea . 
  there was no clear plan on what was supposed to happen , the main characters of the leave campaign got backstabbed and scampered off , and the nation was without any kind of leadership . 
  if cameron had been honest with his ` threat ' of issuing article 50 directly after a ` leave ' - result , there should 've been a timeline what was going to happen and when . 
  also andy murray won his 2nd wimbledon title . 
  that must be it . 
  don quixote for the win !, 
   the chances of anything coming from mars are a million to one , he says . 
  the chances of anythiiiing coming from mars are a million to one ... but still they come . 
  those windmills always make me think of the aliens from war of the worlds . 
  no idea why though . 
  sadly/ironically , he 's still an mep , so he can continue to urinate on eu , while being paid by the eu . 
  weird muscle twitching in his face . 
  was he missing murdoch 's hand up his arse in that gifv ? 
  damn poles , even taking over the slang from the brits . 
  it 's the uk version of `` mission accomplished '' . 
  the euro is still weaker ... for the moment . 
  first we need to figure out what colour the parachute will be . 
  i voted for fuchsia . 
  as that name is as close as what the country is right now . 
  farage & johnson : fuckity bye !, 
  but you ca n't pretend as if the referendum did n't happen . 
  there was a majority vote ( however slim ) for leave . 
  ca n't have that , and then stay in the eu . 
  i hope the eu sticks to its guns with its message `` we 're not negotiating until you invoke article 50 '' . 
  but the custody battle over the children will be epic . 
  it 's never one thing or the other . 
  it 's always a mix of things . 
  you are absolutely correct in saying that a lot of what is happening now in the uk has been simmering for years . 
  but you ca n't deny the fact that there is something strange going on in the western political landscape . 
  jeremy corbyn being voted in , despite the fact that none of the ` establishment ' thought he was a serious contender . 
  same with bernie sanders and donald trump . 
  same with geert wilders for that matter , for the longest time he was n't taken seriously by the ` establishment ' , which was what made his platform so much more attractive to a lot of people who want to ` kick the elite ' . 
  that last sentence was actually used by some people who were voting ` leave ' in the eu referendum .
