  `` true '' scotsmanship is fallacious because there 's no clear criteria etc. 
  on the other hand , the criteria for being a muslim * are * clear , because there 's a book about them . 
  while some things are contentious , in all interpretations of islam , alcohol is strictly forbidden . 
  so no . 
  not a nts fallacy . 
  seriously , you could at least have the decency to get your logical fallacies straight ... 
  `` hey , let me convert to the most hard-line interpretation of islam who are also obsessed with ` apostasy ' and will violently kill or maim anyone who they even so much suspect of it . '', 
  `` but hey , i 'll keep drinking alcohol , which is super haram . 
  got ta keep something of my life , right ? '', 
  knee-jerk cynicism is n't wisdom , you know . 
  it 's the just-as-delusional mirror image of na\u00efvet\u00e9 . 
  literally every form of islam prohibits alcohol . 
  if there ever was a true way , it 's to not drink alcohol . 
  it was in the witness accounts , but fine whatever , throw out any evidence that does n't fit the narrative . 
  muslims are forbidden to drink alcohol . 
  they were drinking alcohol . 
  hardly isis material . 
  no , two rape complaints among the 90 complaints of sexual assaults . 
  the scum in cologne were drinking alcohol . 
   that 's the fun thing people which probably never been to germany wie sagt man so sch\u00f6n ? 
  ayy lmao  in many cities the turk-germans are accepted but if you move to the countryside or the east of germany they 're still despised . 
  well exactly , that 's what i 'm saying . 
  hulgbears was claiming `` even the rightest of germans do n't hate turks ! '', 
  when there 's fucktons of them who do . 
  they just tend to congregate in rural areas and the east . 
  i hope you stretched properly before doing all of those mental gymnastics . 
   western europe isnt anymore grown up than eastern europe is . 
  if anything , western europe has acted way more emotional than easstern or eastern central europe has . 
  he 's referring to the various states ' health in general , as far as i read it . 
  and poland and hungary do have some issues with authoritarian tendencies of the government ( ignoring the immigration issue here for a moment ) . 
  sorry , got that mixed up . 
  does it make it any less true ? 
  also , he 's clearly writing for a western audience attuned to consider xenophobic rhetoric more negative , so he 's just doing `` know your audience '' 101 . 
   even the rightist germans on here do n't care about turks . 
  you clearly have n't been around right-wing germans enough . 
  to quote one charmer , `` when you see one of those assit\u00fcrken [ anti-social/ghetto turks ] on the street , do n't you think they should just go back to where they came from ? 
  '' , while referring to people who are likely to be german-born . 
  and that was in the * west . 
  * also , you know , many turks ( even german-turks born here ) are muslims , and the far right really hate muslims . 
  try and go to rural east germany ( or even dresden ! ), 
  in a headscarf and see where that gets you . 
   or how about pushing the `` think about the children '' narrative ? 
  well , you know , it 's a valid point . 
  to counter , you can just address the argument while also mentioning that statistically , there are n't that many of them . 
  the author is czech . 
  he 's condemning his own government 's rhetoric , but praising their policy . 
  there 's a clear difference between : `` i disagree with these theological points of islam : [ etc ] '' and `` muslims are barbarians , every one of them harbours a secret desire to slaughter us '' . 
  the former is legitimate critique , the latter is islamophobia and a coded way of conducting racist rants . 
   uk that a lot of it is hate rape well no , most rapes are not hate rapes . 
  most rapes are committed by white british people , purely because of the numerical issue of white people being the vast majority . 
  also yes , rape is 99 % about power , not sex . 
  this has been known for a long time . 
  that statistical difference stems to a significant degree from a far broader definition of rape and a different way of counting . 
  so for instance , the fritzl case in austria counted as one crime , while each individual rape would be counted in sweden , leading to 100s of cases . 
  given that most rapists are known to their victims , repeat offenses can easily stack up that way . 
  in cologne they were drinking alcohol , and the leader of the ~ ~ rotherham ~ ~ aylesbury gang was a sikh . 
  they might be scum of the earth but they 're not islamists , they 're not even practising muslims ffs, 
  there 's no such thing as always right or always wrong . 
  you do realise the same kind of people routinely suggest kicking turks out of germany , and say all muslims are evil , right ? 
  you 're supporting the kind of people who 'd spit on you in the street . 
  * that 's * why the left gets so defensive . 
  obviously , people need to set aside ideological blinkers now and deal with the fact that criminal and misogynistic scum have found their way into germany . 
  there 's grateful and genuine refugees willing to integrate , too , but policy needs to change to sort the wheat from the chaff . 
  but the fact that that overlaps with some right-wing positions does n't contradict the fact that the far-right is just an bigoted broken clock that 's right twice a day and routinely makes up fake news stories of criminal immigrants , which also not a solution . 
  iirc there 's been cases in recent years where the judge did n't convict based on the victim not resisting enough , so i 'd assume that that still constitutes a loophole, 
   usually the reason for suppressing political speech is that your ideas are bad and you ca n't defend them , lolnope, 
  but when #aufschrei was first a thing , many people were complaining about that happening to them too , not just wolf-whistling ( though it sometimes falls along the same spectrum ) . 
  kelle just totally ignores it and goes on to blather about western women just not taking it well any more and they should lighten up etc etc. 
  just in general , blaming victims of harassment while ignoring it as part of a larger problem . 
  she essentially only uses anti-sexism selectively , for political purposes . 
  if she was serious about it , she 'd reconsider her attitude . 
  also , her claim that `` the feminist net just stayed silent '' is [ simply not true . 
  in the case of * violent * rape , the law would support her . 
  it 's cases where the victim freezes ( which i 'd contend are n't cases where guns are likely to make a difference ) where the law is shit . 
  also i 'm pretty sure you 're exaggerating the scale at which guns are used effectively for self defense here . 
  guns require licenses , training , maintenance ... plus are prone to cause fatal accidents . 
  so on the whole , i think you 're overstating the case . 
  that said , german gun control is n't massively strict iirc , they like their shooting societies . 
  no shit . 
  no reasonable person could ever seriously believe that . 
  also , this is just wrong :  women in europe have not fought for equal rights all these long years only to be told to start modifying their behaviour to avoid being molested . 
  i mean , i know this is a uk centre-right opinion piece that 's mostly about making a political point , but : germany does n't even * have * proper equal rights when it comes to rape - the law does n't accept that `` no means no '' and [ requires women to place themselves in danger by fighting back ] ( http://www.tagesschau.de/inland/sexualstrafrecht-117.html ) in order to convict someone of rape . 
  it 's all too nice to think of the west as a shining beacon of human rights , but there 's still some really disturbing laws in place . 
  might this be an opportunity to finally get this shit in order ? 
   the perpetrators being shielded by the group . 
  fair enough . 
  still , characterising this as a purely muslim issue is misguided . 
   even several czars had a big chunk of german blood in them that 's more to do with european nobility 's tendency to intermarry though - most ethnic germans from kazakhstan are volga-germans resettled under stalin , iirc . 
  these people were n't powerful or wealthy . 
  edit : wait , wtf ? 
  of all my comments to be downvoted , how come * this * gets it ? 
  of which < 100 were involved in the attacks . 
  and , again , those scum were n't practicing muslims . 
  the rapist scum in cologne were drunk . 
  they 're not practicing muslims , clearly, 
  as abominable as those are , the combination of it * with petty theft * makes it abundantly clear that this is not a mix-up . 
  this is deliberate crime . 
  though `` non-deliberate '' criminal acts would be just as reprehensible and deserving of punishment . 
  there 's [ growing resistance to those ideas ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/news/africa/2014/01/morocco-repeals-rape-marriage-law-2014123254643455.html ) in those countries - it 's just not acceptable to take the ultraconservative spectrum of attitudes in your home country as a justification for crime in another country . 
  similarly , a neo-nazi from the west committing a hate crime somewhere else and justifying it with high poll numbers for far-right parties would not be able to use that as an excuse either .
