    we are now living with a guy in his apartment and we are taken care of . 
  lgbt people are helping us . 
  they feel responsible for us . 
  now we 're still waiting for our number to be called at lageso . 
  after we are residents we would like to get married . 
  it 's a free country so now we can kiss each other and be openly gay in front of other people . 
  we 'd like to work and learn -- we did n't just come here to get money from the government . 
  we 'd like to be in a free country because we ca n't be ourselves in arab countries . '', 
  so are the secular parties * less * tolerant of minorities within turkey ? 
  seems odd to be that way thanks for the explanation though !, 
  thanks , amended !, 
  i actually misspelled the name , it 's `` die rechte '' ( same translation , though ) . 
  it 's a pun on the ( much larger and less fringe ) left party `` die linke '' the latter called itself that because it 's a merger party formed in the 00s by west german left-of-social-democrats wasg ( voter alternative social justice ) and the east german pds , which was ~ ~ frequently considered a ~ ~ legally the successor to the sed ( gdr state party ) . 
  but , ahem , yes . 
  very efficient . 
  so the problem about the concentration camps was not the principle of throwing an entire religious community and ethnicity in those camps , but that it was the jews specifically ? 
  he also said he was sorry about the fact the concentration camps did n't exist any more , so i would . 
  also , you know , one exception does n't disprove a general trend . 
  most muslims are n't white . 
  most `` anti-islam '' people are white , and come from the hard-right milieu . 
  race is massive factor there , any other view is hopelessly naive . 
  certainly some critique of islam is valid , but most attacks ( particularly pegida ) are using `` criticism of islam '' as just another convenient dogwhistle for racism . 
  `` immigration background '' means either you or your parents or grandparents being foreign . 
  those statistics do n't refer to the current refugees/asylum seekers whom i was referring to, 
  denmark would n't have instituted that policy if it was only effective in cherrypicked cases , would they ? 
  i mean , the point of the story was that the prevention strategy worked , not that evil society was to blame . 
  what would you rather have , policies that satisfy people 's urges for outrage at minorities within islam or policies that actually work to prevent extremism and make society better ? 
  besides , how is it wrong to mention problems muslims face in society ? 
  surely that 's just responsible journalism , giving a fuller picture and better understanding ? 
  nowhere in the article is any accusation levelled against the west . 
  or should they 've added in a sentence there , `` of course , danish society , being part of the west , is literally perfect and it is the muslims ' own fault if people are hostile to them , no exceptions '' ? 
   which means everyone has a bed , gets three meals a day , can take hot showers , etc in any civilised country , that is the bare minimum . 
  have you seen pictures of the place ? 
  yeah , it 's not awful - but most people would n't want to stay in your average youth hostel for more than a fortnight , either . 
  its by far primary use is to mean `` not drunk '' or `` teetotal '' . 
  the alternate uses of sober ( i.e. 
  the ones not meaning `` not drunk '' ) are often highly dependent on fixed expressions or context ( i.e. 
  sober people , colours , occasions , etc ) . , which i do n't feel is the case in this context . 
  in most cases , you ca n't really call something `` sober '' that would n't really project character or personality ( e.g. 
  a colour can have character or not , an office complex ... not so much ) . 
  i 'm guessing this comes from its association with religious teetotalism/puritan lifestyles , which often incorporated literal sobriety as part of a larger lifestyle marked by discipline , restraint and lack of vivacity . 
  austere is much more unambiguous and preferable if you want to mean , in material terms , `` spartan '' or `` stripped to the essentials '' or similar , imo . 
  that said , the rest of the translation is great !, 
   it is a protest against a camp which junior minister [ tasked with immigration and asylum ] dijkhof held as an example . 
  there could be ` three or four heumensoorden more . ', 
  large scale emergency shelter for a few months : ** sober , ** but human . 
  envisaged by the cabinet as the manner in which refugees in the netherlands will get through winter . 
  sobere does n't mean `` sober '' ( which means `` not under the influence of alcohol/drugs '' ) , it means ** austere . 
  ** which is to say , spartan and lacking all comfort . 
  so the '' , but human '' part might well be up for debate . 
  he did n't even join a gang the first time round though . 
  all he did was embrace being a muslim , albeit in an adolescent and misguided way . 
  and * that alone * already got him searched by police . 
  his bitterness about that turned to searching for a way to feel vindicated against the perceived injustice . 
  extremist islamism provided that way . 
  i 'm not saying this is right . 
  i 'm saying in order to prevent people from becoming extremist , and in turn spreading extremism , it 's vital to understand where they are coming from , and from that to draw the right conclusions on how to help them become part of the civil society again . 
  imo , the aarhus model described in the article did it exactly right . 
  do i have to copy-paste the text for you so you 'll actually read it ? 
  you 're literally regurgitating a conspiracy theory . 
   a 21st-century conspiracy theory regards the frankfurt school as the origin of a contemporary movement in the political left to destroy western culture , referred to as `` cultural marxism '' by theory proponents . 
  it advocates the idea that multiculturalism and political correctness are products of critical theory , which originated with the frankfurt school . 
  the theory is associated with american conservative thinkers such as william lind , pat buchanan and paul weyrich , and has received institutional support from the free congress foundation . 
  [ this article ] ( https://web.archive.org/web/20111124045123/http://cms.skidmore.edu/salmagundi/backissues/168-169/martin-jay-frankfurt-school-as-scapegoat.cfm ) also gives a good overview about how the theory was spread by right-wing nutjobs in the 90s . 
   a lot may get cold feet once push comes to shove and they have to start shooting guns well exactly !, 
  and the guy in the article was nowhere near push coming to shove yet . 
  until that point , it 's all fun and games to naive , bitter adolescents , but then comes the point of no return at which the older extremists push the younger ones into action . 
  the danish authorities did well to catch him before it got anywhere close to that . 
  you realise that kids buy into the idea of being radical without properly realising what that entails , right ? 
  they 're in it for the identity and belonging , everything else follows from the older extremists ' grooming . 
  how else do you think far-right groups get people ? 
  [ lol go back to stormfront ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/frankfurt_school#cultural_marxism_conspiracy_theory ), 
  it was n't just the classmates , it was also the police showing up and searching all of his private life , targeting him for what he perceived as just * being a muslim *, 
  racism . 
  erm , it was not cultural differences , it was people targeting him and suspecting him of being a terrorist , rather than understanding him for being a teenage dickhead with more insecurity about his beliefs . 
  french and spanish are still used widely in their respective former empires ( i.e. 
  large parts of africa , latin america , south-east asia , caribbean ) , and portugese is spoken in a very large emerging economy ( brazil ) . 
  plus , all three languages are romance languages , so learning one helps as a pivot to learn the others . 
  russian is widely spoken as a second language throughout the former ussr , and russia is a very important economy , has vast natural resources , and is a pretty important political player on the world stage . 
  sure , you could speak english for business transactions , but learning the language actually immerses you in a culture , and for things like learning laws , culture/politics and customs , learning the language is pretty indispensible . 
  tl ; dr 50 % of bric countries speak a european language , large parts of the world speak a european language , if you like learning languages there 's no reason not to !, 
  well , you have the exact same thing with the ira in ireland . 
  to many , they 're freedom fighters against oppression . 
  to many others , bloodthirsty terrorists . 
  the fact there is now largely peace in ni and there 's more political instead of violent action should at least give some cause for hope . 
  nope . 
   then it is more likely a muslim terror group . 
  i doubt its erdogan . 
  yeah , my thoughts also . 
   but man pkk radical left is scary . 
  makes me wonder what die linken will become when his chef gysi already supported burning cars and radicalism during the frankfurt riot ... a ) most of die linken are by now firmly parliamentarian . 
  and histories are n't necessarily indicative , loads of people were a bit violent in the late 60s , and joschka fischer still got to be a decent foreign minister . 
  b ) it was only a very small band of radical leftists who ever moved into actual terroristic violence \u00e0 la red army faction or the revolutionary cells ( who were actually more destructive than the raf , just less spectacular ) - most radical left violence is destruction of property ( particularly that in antifa circles ) . 
  die linken are n't really involved in that kind of activism at all , either . 
  c ) the pkk ( translates as kurdish workers ' party ) sees itself as a radical liberation group of the kurdish nation , so they 're more comparable to the zapatistas ( in that they claim to fight for a specific oppressed group ) than any german left terrorists ( who had diffuse aims of `` overthrowing capitalism/evil fascist remnant german system '' that spoke to the liberation of everyone and noone in particular ) . 
  not saying they do n't kill civillians , but they do n't go for 9/11 or madrid-style mass civillian killings as far as i 'm aware . 
  their strategy is more about attacking the turkish state , not society itself . 
  hope that clarifies ? 
  would you agree with that ? 
  pkk is radical socialist , they 're secular .
