   i know plenty that would n't have a problem with this and just see it as normal . 
  nice for you . 
  have you ever asked them about it ? 
  have you asked them whether they have political opinions , whether they would want to be involved ? 
  did you , like , even read the article ? 
  it 's muslim women making the accusation and demanding it be addressed . 
  russia disagrees . 
  russia is n't easily convinced and already has sanctions on it , so not much leverage . 
  presumably negotiators just want everyone to come together , agree on some settlement that fucks over isis and leaves the rest kinda stable , and call it a day . 
  no information . 
  no idea . 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  the one in custody ( for rape ) is a 17-year-old afghan asylum seeker , according to [ german news sources . 
  it 's not isis causing this latest wave , it 's assad . 
   no country is an island entire of itself have my updonne, 
  given currency differences and labour standards , lol no, 
  it 's almost as if the two articles are opinion articles making the case for opposite sides . 
  it 's almost as if debate exists . 
  i meant to make the distinction on the point of `` for awarding people asylum '' , sorry if that was n't clear . 
  my point is that she does n't want an unlimited amount of people coming into the country , it 's just that she 's not going to suspend considering asylum above a certain threshold of cases , regardless of whether new would-be applicants would need it or not , which * does not * mean that everyone gets to stay . 
   merkel 's policy can be summarized in two points , immigration without upper limit that 's not true . 
  she only stated that germany will not give an arbitrary cutoff point for awarding people asylum . 
  many , many people will not be able to stay . 
   and eu-wide redistribution . 
  given that so far , greece and italy bore the brunt of both legitimate asylum seekers and economic migrants , it 's only more fair to start drafting an eu-wide solution really . 
   merkel declared `` all welcome '' she did n't . 
  well exactly . 
   let 's say a gay married couple fled their country and came to mine , should the state force them apart ? 
  if my state has no gay marriage , give them a civil partnership or something ? 
   what if they are just 18 , but marriage is only permissible for people over 19 ? 
  or if one is 20 and the other 16 , as is possible under special circumstances , and the older one cares for the younger ? 
  who will be responsible for the teen after the annulment ? 
  well , in my personal opinion : if it 's currently illegal , annul marriage , treat cared-for partner like any other teenager in need of care . 
  emphasise they can get married at the appropriate age , should they consensually wish to . 
  emphasise breaking laws on statutory rape is serious business . 
  take steps to prevent grooming . 
  if legal , remind both parties separately and together of laws and rights about consent and abuse . 
  emphasise breaking these laws voids asylum . 
  tell them about the benefits and services available to married couples , and show them how they can live productively as a married couple in the new country . 
  have them keep in touch with a social worker from time to time , train social worker to look for signs of abuse . 
  provide counselling for minor problems . 
  for major abuse , take vulnerable parties into care and separate the abuser . 
  void abuser 's asylum claim and deport . 
   now of course we think there 's something inherently wrong with paedophilia and that child marriages are damaging to the children and properly criminal - i at least think that - but it is n't that trivial an issue . 
  yeah , i know it 's legally quite complicated . 
  but the idea that a `` different culture '' or `` they came like that '' should excuse the * continued * abuse of victims is horrifying . 
  the safety of the victims is absolutely paramount , and any policy that does n't have that as the guiding principle is inhumane and grotesque . 
  [ man 's never been in germany when it 's shutdown ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_93ilc-c1vo ), 
   its been quite an eye opener . 
  in denmark i think the majority of people just asumed that danish rules would apply to the people seeking asylum and that danish laws and customs would be upheld . 
  but apparently this has been slipping through the cracks . 
  seriously ? 
  how can people even think of doing that ? 
  how the fuck does that * not go without saying ? 
  * i mean sure , there 's some difficulty about prosecuting statutory rape committed in a jurisdiction where the native law does n't apply , but you sure as hell have to do everything you can to prevent it happening further . 
  i 'm really fucking glad the norwegian authorities in this case acted 100 % appropriately . 
   get told about is that the economy will be stronger in the eu , but who does that actually benefit , everyone . 
  a better economy benefits everyone . 
  `` trickle-down economics '' refers to the idea that a small welfare state will be compensated for by a better economy created by tax cuts for the rich and corporations - * that * is the idea that has been shown to be bullshit , in that tax cuts for the rich and corporations do n't grow the economy and ca n't compensate for the drastic cut in spending power through a crippled welfare state . 
  in all scenarios , however , a better economy is always , as a rule , better for everyone . 
  to what degree depends on national policy . 
  also , [ the eu passes plenty of legislation to protect workers . 
  and you 're another right-wing novelty account apparently ? 
  seriously , stop brigading / r/europe you sad fucks, 
  [ here 's the original statement ] ( https://linksunten.indymedia.org/de/node/167397 ) on a radical left publishing site . 
  the comments below are quite funny , most fellow radical leftists are absolutely eviscerating the authors for being total idiots . 
  this is fascinating , thank you !, 
  * cough * franco * cough *, 
   and then she will be out again spreading hatred . 
   she acts like adolf more and more each day . 
  aaaand we have our godwin of the day . 
  also , heads of government being upset when prominent figures in their party are going behind their back ? 
  yeah that totally only happened in the nsdap . 
   they come to work , yet they come under the pretense of being refugees and they demand the right to stay here as refugees . 
    these things are mutualy exclusive . 
  no , they are absolutely not . 
  do you seriously think refugees are content sitting on their arse doing nothing all day ? 
  they 're people too you know . 
  they want * a life * in safety , not just sitting out the bombs in a glorified bunker . 
  ok , first off - going to a richer country is not wanting welfare . 
  `` coming for welfare '' is a very specific thing - living off the state for a sustained period of time ( i.e. 
  even given the opportunity to decent work , choosing to do nothing and take welfare instead ) . 
  which is a lie in the vast majority of cases , because most immigrants want to work . 
  particularly economic immigrants . 
  this `` welfare queen '' image of immigrants is used often by uk tabloids taking isolated freak cases to imply that all immigrants are lazy scroungers taking money from the state - particularly eastern european immigrants . 
  particularly people like you and your compatriots . 
  * that 's * why i 'm getting a bit irate about that distinction . 
  because it 's a fox-news-level smear in the uk . 
   no , not right . 
  if you 're an asylum seeker then you 're fleeing war ; political and religious persecution . 
  there 's none of that in turkey ( questionable ) and beyond . 
  see - here you 've hit on the big question : how safe are the countries in between ? 
  turkey is at war with the kurds , and is leaving millions of refugees in rough conditions with no legal means of making a living . 
  it 's understandable to want to leave . 
  many eastern european countries ( particularly hungary of slovakia ) have become very hostile to immigrants , thus would provide bad chances to have asylum accepted , plus the danger of racism . 
  greece and italy are bursting at the seams trying to cope with the mass of migrants . 
  i 'd argue that it 's only fair to them that other eu countries do their part in alleviating their burden . 
  even merkel has said , though , that she expects that and will enforce refugees returning home once the war has ended and they have safety . 
  so it 's not like this is just about throwing money at immigrants for the sake of it . 
  does that mean that the current process is good enough ?
