  the wage gap is not overt non equal pay for same position because that 's illegal , so the `` why would n't they hire only women '' argument is bullshit . 
  the guy in the video frames his argument : `` accounting for hours worked and time taken out ... '' which is exactly the point . 
  women are more often culturally and socially forced to do the unrewarded domestic labour of raising families . and caring for dependants . 
  the choice is not free because it 's * expected * of women , and through things like not hiring young women subtly gives women fewer opportunities . 
  so basically , this guy 's saying `` ignoring all the causes of average wage disparity , there is none '' which is of course total rubbish . 
  and that 's not even speaking of the proven effects of culture and stereotypes alienating women from choosing stem subjects because they feel they would not be welcome , as well as the occasional further intimidation like sexual harassment or boys club atmospheres etc, 
  his opinions are in line with profoundly ignorant people , so no . 
  not mere disagreement, 
  \\  `` skewed statistics '' \\  misquotes statistics the 1/5 syrian figure is daily mail bs , latest un figures for the maritime route at least show 54 % . 
  it also says 69 % male across all migrants . 
  `` i know i 'm in the right how dare he present a different view i could never be wrong on this '', 
   l\u00fcgenpresse good job r/europe , apparently we 're now up voting pegida conspiracy theories, 
  well did you read that one document with asylum application in turkey he showed ? 
  it made an applicant wait until ** 2020 **, 
  does he really need to mention that ? 
  how is it relevant ? 
  he 's not wrong on the conclusion though . 
  okay , you just confirmed that you do n't know shit . 
  the wage gap is accepted as real by all serious scholars - it happens through hiring/promotion discrimination , not overt underpayment . 
  also the only people upset about the harassment episode were gamergate dipshits whose view of reality is one giant conspiracy theory, 
  carrot and stick , dude . 
  negative motivation alone does n't work too well as it breeds too much mistrust for long term integration, 
  yeah , and the point of the article is that these do n't necessarily matter , because given a good chance she can raise a generation of productive members of society . 
  [ he does n't care about others . 
  or even the presidency . 
  he only cares about himself . 
  ] ( http://www.vanityfair.com/news/2015/08/spy-vs-trump ), 
  and the refugee crisis is a consequence of the iraq war . 
  trump fucks up because of his ego , he 'll fuck everyone . 
  your analogy just does n't apply . 
  i 'm not talking about the `` let 's screw poor people ! '', 
  kind of hate , i 'm talking the `` well if they 're so poor , why do n't they just work to not be poor ? 
  why do n't they just get jobs ? '', 
  kind of hate that ignores all reality of poverty . 
  yup . 
  you 're only hurting yourself . 
  that 's literally true though, 
  i 'm not butthurt , i 've spent many years in germany . 
  there 's loads of wonderful things about it . 
  the comedy scene is n't exactly one of them . 
  that 's just an objective fact . 
  their * jokes * are n't really . 
  i mean , some do character comedy , but someone like [ colbert and his character comedy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2x93u3antco ) runs rings around their jokes ( not in terms of subject material or anything ) . 
  not saying they 're not good , just that cabaret is a very specific thing of a political rant with some light silliness and snarky tone thrown in . 
  b\u00f6hmermann is much closer to stuff like , say , [ stewart lee ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqsknesgz7s ) , which is much more layered than most german comedy . 
  serdar somuncu 's live stuff is similarly layered , but whenever he 's on heute show he just plays an angry stereotype mostly . 
  yeah but it 's not very sophisticated comedically , b\u00f6hmermann is really quite unique in terms of using irony and meta-levels . 
  the fact you 're comparing aristocracy and landed gentry stripped of privileges and heirloom to literally massacred villages shows your true colours , tbh, 
  collective punishment is a war crime . 
  and stalin only attacked because he and hitler agreed to in the molotov-rippentrop pact , which hitler then violated to start a war against stalin . 
  tl ; dr the iron curtain is hitler 's fault . 
   thanks a lot . 
  as a whole , it looks like an socialist `` green `` ish program , which is shit . 
  oh , r/europe . 
  you never fail to disappoint . 
  i never claimed they were all good . 
  i 'm not a gawker fanboy . 
  they had some serious , serious fuckups . 
  but the good stories they did made them a worthwhile publication nonetheless . 
  if you refuse to see past the lowlights , you 're being narrow-minded . 
  and worst of all , celebrating their closure celebrates billionaires ' ability to do whatever the fuck they want and shut down inconvenient media . 
  yeah , the first two suck balls . 
  but you ca n't shut down a publication just for errors , even horrific ones like that . 
  it has to be a systemic problem like with the news of the world . 
   they outed a gay ceo . 
  he was already out . 
  and while yeah , i think publishing that sucked , peter thiel cared far more about how they critically reported about his business dealings and authoritarian tendencies rather than his sexuality . 
  thiel is using that as a smokescreen . 
  sure . 
  but they did that to dig for gold . 
  and gold did they find - crack smoking mayor of toronto rob ford , for example . 
  even more important , they were totally independent , unlike news of the world . 
  gawker 's network of sites ( particularly ones like valleywag ) legitimately did useful work because they were free to not be money spinners for media barons like murdoch . 
  gawker actually had good stories tho . 
  reddit just hates it because a ) they exposed the creep moderating r/jailbait and r/creepshots , b ) they took a stand against the gamergate harassers . 
  illinois then ? 
  they celebrate casimir pulaski day, 
  welcome to what brits put other europeans through , mate . 
  even the ones voluntarily going there ? 
  jesus , think it through, 
   the mexicans do n't see americans as lesser human beings , mexicans do n't see american women as sluts who 's asking for it , mexicans do n't want your democracy to end have you ever talked to a muslim ? 
  how many muslim friends do you have ? 
   mexicans going to the usa is more like spanish people going to england . 
  chances are they 're gon na be the victim of a hate crime these days, 
  real foreign students will be affected too . 
  it 's really an exercise in shooting yourself in the foot , seeing the wound , then trying to shoot the leg off . 
  true . 
  hahah , true . 
  i * did * pirate la haine , soo ... also , i mean , aphex twin 's a 9/11 truther but that has n't stopped anyone liking his music ... 
  does n't the security situation have its roots in sarkozy 's time ? 
  woah , really ? 
  fuck , that ruined a few good films for me :( edit : and he retweets russia today ... jesus , really ticking all the boxes is n't he ? 
  that sounds a bit ... aztec ... when you put it like that ... but sure , ca n't blame ya, 
  britain is far more ethnically diverse than germany . 
  you 've totally ignored immigrants from the commonwealth . 
   it 's reasonable for the uk to be able to prioritise , say , a chinese doctor over low-skill romanians or bulgarians . 
  not really . 
  the uk state makes a profit from eu immigrantion in taxes ( even after welfare payments ) , and they measurably help grow the economy too . 
  that looks great !, 
  i will watch that as soon as possible , thank you !,
