   `` a officer shot another unarmed black guy , even though he just finished robbing a store and infact attacked the police officer '' did you even read the two doj reports ? 
  one said darren wilson acted in self-defence , the other showed the police department was institutionally racist . 
  you 'd think people might be frustrated and have pent-up anger , no ? 
   it 's literally 100 % `` drugs , money , sex , killing , gangs , etc. '' . 
  [ literally 100 % ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wekuqv1v4n4 ), 
  * you do n't even go here !, 
  wait , so hispanics = = muslims ? 
  you do realise most hispanic people are catholic , right ? 
  why do you care if it 's less white ? 
  why would you want it to be more or less white ? 
  why does the amount of white people matter ? 
   it 's pretty common that the darker your skin the less you will assimilate so hispanic people are more evil and useless than asian people because of melanin ? 
   i mean black people have their own culture and they 've been here as long as white guys . 
  d'you want to know why ? 
  [ racism . 
  ] ( http://www.epi.org/blog/from-ferguson-to-baltimore-the-fruits-of-government-sponsored-segregation/ ) a long , proud tradition of [ white people fucking over black people at every turn . 
  ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2014/06/the-case-for-reparations/361631/ ), 
  seriously ? 
   import the entirety of the middle east and africa middle eastern countries are taking by far the lion 's share of the refugees ( saudi arabia and other gulf states are n't doing shit yeah , but we knew they suck already ) . 
   the extremism and the never ending wars op obviously does n't understand the conflicts at all - these people are * fleeing * the extremism . 
  the `` never-ending wars '' are n't actually never ending if you bother to not see the entire muslim world ( composed of literally billions of people ) as one homogenous entity , and realise that local political conflicts and power struggles play important roles in wars that are mostly about power and territory ( e.g. 
  isis wants an islamic caliphate - i.e. 
  power and a state , with territory ) . 
  refugees that at most are 2 % of europe 's population are n't really in any position to contest either , even if they were a malicious invasion force . 
  which they 're not , because come on . 
   turn your country into a middle eastern , islamic hell hole , i mean come on , this is hyperbolic nonsense . 
  also , dae all muslims = teh evil ?????? 
   multiculturalist 's dream . 
  nice little far-right trope there : multiculturalism is about destroying the west for the sake of dark age cultures , because those evil lefties hate themselves so much . 
  it 's textbook bnp/sweden democrats/anders breivik . 
  how come skin colour is the biggest factor determining whether someone is foreign or not ? 
  nobody complains about irish americans , italian americans or german americans any more . 
  oh hi there nick griffin . 
  not to go all zen on you , but change is inevitable . 
   about 1/3 of the country will be hispanic in a decade , and white people will no longer be a majority in the us as soon as 2030 . 
   so what ? 
  thanks for being angry in a quite reasonable way , yo . 
  also : you 're totally right , the uk totally sucks in this crisis . 
  the [ paper itself ] ( http://www.cream-migration.org/files/fiscalej.pdf ) has some caveats on this , pointing out that this might be overstated due to statistical methods ( from the conclusion , from p. 36 ) :  immigrants from non-eea countries , on the other hand , contribute less than they receive ; however , this outcome is similar , albeit larger in magnitude , to natives , who also make a negative net contribution over the same period . 
  ** this finding may partly be explained by the larger number of children non-eea immigrants have over the period considered , whose cost we assign to immigrants while assigning these children 's contributions after entering the labour market to natives . 
  ** yet this strategy , necessitated by a lack of information in our data set on the foreign born status of immigrants ' parents , is likely to overestimate ( rather than underestimate ) the relative cost of immigrants in all our computations . 
  it also points out that recent immigrants ( since 2000 ) contribute positively . 
  sure , but i 've heard he 's been worried about resurgent kurdish nationalism/separatism in the wake of kurdish resistance to is by pkk-affiliated groups , and the moderate kurdish party 's vote gain ... or am i talking out of my ass here ? 
  i was referring more to erdogan 's government than turks in general , sorry !, 
  holy shit you guys are great at this, 
  obviously not , but just sitting tight was n't exactly a solution at the time either, 
  yeah , it 's going to be a problem down the line . 
  particularly african or pakistani economic migrants are going to be stuck between a rock and a hard place . 
  there was a chronic water shortage going on that the assad regime was doing nothing to relieve for most of the populaiton , i doubt people would 've sat and done nothing in any situation . 
  ... he was fighting against the islamists , dude . 
  like , do you even read ? 
  also it 's pretty common knowledge isis pushed in fighters from iraq ( who 'd served under saddam and were no longer constrained by us occupation ) , and thus split up and over time weakened the secular , western-leaning rebel fsa to the point of it basically collapsing by now . 
  i know russia backed assad , but come on , grouping the fsa with the islamists is fucking absurd , that 's like saying the kurds and turks are all happy jihadist allies . 
  they formed in response to assad 's repressive regime and his bloody crackdown on protests , sooooo , i 'm not really sure you can say `` they got this war started '' . 
  also , these were the guys calling for us intervention , remember ? 
  they 're definitely not anti-west, 
  see , there 's a fair point there - how do you create a legal and procedural framework for the people crossing the border ? 
  how do you keep it going logistically , all while totally reconfiguring the political framework that unduly places burden on eu border countries ? 
  but you 're undermining your own argument with stuff that 's just mischaracterisation :  escaped the camps , not rioting . 
   walked on the freeways or next to the railroads , not rioting . 
   refused to be taken to registration , not rioting . 
   occupied one of the main railstations in the capital rioting a ) not occupation - they slept there because it was a transport hub , and they had nowhere else to go . 
  b ) not rioting - they pushed to get into the station to bord the trains , yeah , but there was n't wilful destruction of property or any other significant amount of things that generally characterise riots . 
   refugees my ass !, 
  only a few percent of them are . 
  [ un figures : 62 % are from war-torn countries , others are fleeing highly repressive places , too . 
  the majority * are * refugees . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/aug/10/10-truths-about-europes-refugee-crisis ), 
  first off , that 's not him . 
  as for him , he 's [ a guy with a family who was not just some random grunt , but a commander fighting al-qaeda , isis and assad . 
  ] ( http://news.yahoo.com/syrian-rebel-leader-seeks-europe-fleeing-govt-jihadis-163636165.html ) but given the amount of `` isis is smuggling jihadists in ! '', 
  scare stories ( including one on the sub 's front page * right now * ) , it definitely matters . 
  plus , it also says something about the lengths far-right propaganda will go to to paint the refugees as an invasion force . 
  proud of you guys , best thing you 've done since dragostea din tei . 
  he was fighting ** against isis ** , for the secular free syrian army . 
  you do realise hungary is super fucking hostile to immigrants and has a rabidly nationalist government , right ? 
  staying there is a bad idea for any refugee . 
   illegally rioting their way across europe excuse me ? 
  there 's not been any riots in any meaningful sense of the word . 
  also , kurds are not very popular in turkey due to political tensions . 
   my point is that those who are for are generally not those who will have to deal with the negative consequences . 
  if they do they have the means to fairly easily avoid it . 
  not disputing that working class people have a lot more to worry about , but those `` negative consequences '' are not unavoidable . 
  cracking down on exploitative landlords , implementing more stringent labour regulation to prevent constant undercutting of wages by shitty bosses , etc. 
  capitalism is the problem here , not immigration in itself - but immigration gets used as a cheap scapegoat in order to preserve social injustice and capitalist exploitation . 
  it 's manipulated by politics and media in order to fuck over those who are most concerned about immigration . 
   its not a manifestation of paranoia or xenophobia to believe urban militants can use the relaxed border regime to enter a country without being detected . 
  by `` urban militants '' , do you mean people who want to form an `` urban militia '' ? 
  because you might want to rephrase that , `` urban '' is a common dog-whistle euphemism among racists for ethnic minorities . 
  to your point : first off , [ islamist terrorism constitutes a tiny , tiny , tiny minority of terroist attacks . 
  ] ( http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/01/14/are-all-terrorists-muslims-it-s-not-even-close.html ) people routinely blow it totally out of proportion because it fits a narrative of a corrupting foreign force undermining us from within . 
  like , you know , anti-semitic narratives about judaism in the 1920s . 
  the disproportionate focus on islamic terrorism and emphasis on `` problems '' that `` islam needs to address '' etc is a paranoid , xenophobic distortion of reality . 
  and yeah . 
  there might be a few people among the crowds , it 's possible . 
  but a ) the journey into the eu is far , far more difficult than out of , and pretty unreasonable from a cost/benefit point of view if you can just get some naive , frustrated , alienated teenagers to convert to jihadism via social media . 
  b ) isis ' modus operandi is not like al-qaeda - their primary focus is on establishing a hardline theocratic territory ( the caliphate ) . 
  their strategic goals do n't really call for terrorist attacks , which are at best propaganda efforts - and again , there are far more effective and far cheaper possibilities for them there . 
  most of isis ' spread has been in order to conquer more territory in syria , or to ally with other groups like boko haram or al-shabaab that are capable of conquering and holding territory .
