  i mean , coming from the angle of widespread reports of fraud in elections and frequent reports of opposition figures being killed or repressed , he does n't really sound that mad to me . 
  [ eu immigrants did n't drive down wages , the financial crash did . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/money/2016/may/11/eu-migrants-had-no-negative-effect-on-uk-wages-says-lse ) [ the uk profits to the tune of 20 billion pounds per year from eu immigrants , who are less likely to claim benefits than the general population ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2014/nov/05/eu-migrants-uk-gains-20bn-ucl-study )  maybe because we 're suspicious of the disconnect between what we 're being told by these agencies and what we see before our eyes ? 
  or maybe it 's because you 're refusing to face the fact you are * objectively wrong . 
   not 100 % on it as fact , kinda got to be careful online . 
  tbh , using the search function in r/askhistorians should be a decent fact check [ edit : they 're not sure , but there was plenty of antisemitism to go around well before the plague ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/3kvc7f/i_once_heard_that_during_the_134850_bubonic/ ) so it 's not the root cause of antisemitism ( which i assume people knew already ), 
   they 're human trash , but only because they bloody choose to be . 
  they take pride in it infact h\u00f6r auf mit den ausreden . 
  such a good fucking song , i 'd be happy with that as the european anthem, 
  that 's close by and very pretty . 
  dude , you 're a ) unable to actually spell who you 're hating on and b ) clearly have n't read the article . 
  nothing gets deleted , it only gets a little warning sign underneath . 
  oh , and it 's heiko maas . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jewish_secularism  also he 's not much a jew considering he conspired and helped in the rounding up of jews in nazi germany he was in hiding , 14 , and living under the nazis . 
  unless you 've been there , you 've got no grounds to attack him . 
   ( also he is athiest iirc ) he 's a holocaust survivor . 
  but sure , no jewishness relevant here . 
   soros can be an asshole globalist manipulator without bringing religion into it there 's plenty of rich people who support liberal causes , like warren buffet . 
  there 's far , far more who support conservative causes , like the koch brothers . 
  the koch brothers are each double as rich as soros , and * significantly * influence politics directly , including astroturfing the tea party and directly funding climate science denial . 
  but oh no , it 's * the jewish guy * who 's the problem here . 
  no jewishness relevant here . 
  even if you 're not antisemitic , you 're getting this from antisemitic crazy people . 
  heiko maas is n't deciding what to label anything . 
  an independent organization does , based on evaluation of quality of the story . 
  lol , buzzfeed 's news division is genuinely good journalism, 
  ca n't even spell the name of the people you 're slandering right , tsk tsk, 
  it 's no use arguing with these people , they see everything as leftist propaganda because they 're so far right , everything looks like marxism to them . 
  now , we all remember carolus marxus , that infamous senator with the wicked pro-plebs agenda ... 
  it 's a compelling argument , though i think the combination of capitalism and communism is also quite persuasive . 
   but i promise you that almost none will say it fell because of christianity . 
  nah , people do argue that . 
  one explanation is that the tolerance and looseness of earlier roman religion was its strength and allowed peoples of different religions to integrate into the roman empire , while christianity meant enforcing religious acquiescence , creating conflict , etc. 
  # [ 210 reasons for the decline of the roman empire ] ( https://web.archive.org/web/20121024072546/http://www.utexas.edu/courses/rome/210reasons.html ) abolition of gods abolition of rights absence of character absolutism agrarian question agrarian slavery anarchy anti-germanism apathy aristocracy asceticism attack of the germans attack of the huns attack of riding nomads backwardness in science bankruptcy barbarization bastardization blockage of land by large landholders blood poisoning bolshevization bread and circuses bureaucracy byzantinism capillarite sociale capitalism capitals , change of caste system celibacy centralization childlessness christianity citizenship , granting of civil war climatic deterioration communism complacency concatenation of misfortunes conservatism corruption cosmopolitanism crisis of legitimacy culinary excess cultural neurosis decentralization decline of nordic character decline of the cities decline of the italian population deforestation degeneration degeneration of the intellect demoralization depletion of mineral resources despotism destruction of environment destruction of peasantry destruction of political process destruction of roman influence devastation differences in wealth disarmament disillusion with stated division of empire division of labor earthquakes egoism egoism of the state emancipation of slaves enervation epidemics equal rights , granting of eradication of the best escapism ethnic dissolution excessive aging of population excessive civilization excessive culture excessive foreign infiltration excessive freedom excessive urbanization expansion exploitation fear of life female emancipation feudalization fiscalism gladiatorial system gluttony gout hedonism hellenization heresy homosexuality hothouse culture hubris hypothermia immoderate greatness imperialism impotence impoverishment imprudent policy toward buffer states inadequate educational system indifference individualism indoctrination inertia inflation intellectualism integration , weakness of irrationality jewish influence lack of leadership lack of male dignity lack of military recruits lack of orderly imperial succession lack of qualified workers lack of rainfall lack of religiousness lack of seriousness large landed properties lead poisoning lethargy leveling , cultural leveling , social loss of army discipline loss of authority loss of energy loss of instincts loss of population luxury malaria marriages if convenience mercenary system mercury damage militarism monetary economy monetary greed money , shortage of moral decline moral idealism moral materialism mystery religions nationalism of rome 's subjects negative selection orientalization outflow of gold over refinement pacifism paralysis of will paralyzation parasitism particularism pauperism plagues pleasure seeking plutocracy polytheism population pressure precociousness professional army proletarization prosperity prostitution psychoses public baths racial degeneration racial discrimination racial suicide rationalism refusal of military service religious struggles and schisms rentier mentality resignation restriction to profession restriction to the land rhetoric rise of uneducated masses romantic attitudes to peace ruin of middle class rule of the world semieducation sensuality servility sexuality shamelessness shifting of trade routes slavery slavic attacks socialism ( of the state ) soil erosion soil exhaustion spiritual barbarism stagnation stoicism stress structural weakness superstition taxation , pressure of terrorism tiredness of life totalitarianism treason tristesse two-front war underdevelopment useless eaters usurpation of all powers by the state vain gloriousness villa economy vulgarization source : a. demandt , der fall roms ( 1984 ) 695 see also : karl galinsky in classical and modern interactions ( 1992 ) 53-73 . 
  ** tl ; dr ** a lot of people have a lot of ( mutually exclusive ) conjectures about why rome fell , so be wary of simple or intuitive-sounding explanations . 
   ... somehow ? 
  that is just how those kind of parties work . 
  mostly referring to the neoliberal part , which is obviously not unprecedented ( pinochet ) but ironic in the alt-right milieu , since it technically contradicts a lot of what they 're railing against . 
  not that they care , tho, 
  and london 's a pretty great place nowadays tbh , much better food . 
  you know when you complain about people saying everyone right of center is a nazi ? 
  i can think of plenty of right-of-center people who are n't . 
  i do n't like them , some i even loathe , but all of them are n't nazis . 
  but if you love h\u00f6cke , it 's not the others overlabelling people . 
  loving h\u00f6cke means you 're a fucking nazi . 
  germany has 82 million people . 
  like , jesus , do you have any sense of proportion ? 
  do n't blame me if you ca n't handle the facts . 
  afd is full of people with ties to the v\u00f6lkisch , identitarian , or nazi scene . 
  not the headline people , but the people a row or two behind . 
   this madness has started just over a year ago and i do n't recognize germany again . 
  what , you ca n't read the street signs anymore ? 
  might wan na get that checked out . 
   imagine a german citzien had 2 identities and collected benefits twice . 
  he 'd be behind bars for 10 years and would still have to pay back every cent . 
  you think politicians * like * immigrants committing identity fraud ? 
  afd are insane . 
  they somehow manage to be simultaneously neoliberal shills , putin lovers , hardcore christian moral conservatives , climate change deniers , all while cultivating a base of a hardcore nazi-connected core surrounded by non-nazi single-issue voters who serve as a convenient smokescreen . 
  there is nothing redeemable about them . 
  trump 's a fascist . 
  he 's made that abundantly clear . 
  if you ca n't see it , you 're being obtuse . 
  treating nazis nicely is a losing game . 
   overcompensate to the left mate , you 're talking about the woman who said multiculturalism is dead . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  it 's almost like cnn has varied programming that is n't serious news 100 % of the time . 
   if they were true patriots would at least tried to improve economic situation of poland instead using it as tool to grab more voters . 
  this is a common feature of pretty much all nationalists though , tbh, 
  the problem is a ) it was the systematic killing of jews , b ) ww2 gets boiled down to a seperate conflict , when really nazi ideology was all about destruction of other countries , other ethnicities , non-heterosexuality , disability . 
  jews are the largest cohesive minority/victim group that are understandable as an exceptional case , which makes the mindless but systematic horror of nazism tangible , but reducing nazism to that fails to explain all of its monstrous crimes . 
  pis is super nationalistic . 
  as an ethnonationalist state , israel is super convenient to them . 
  but a lot of pro-israel/pro-netanyahu conservative governments actively work against jewish minorities . 
   the cultural institute is meant to promote the polish culture , not all the polish people . 
  poland is a nationality , not an ethnicity . 
  jewish poles have a stake in both jewish and polish culture . 
  you can not divide the two . 
  if you insist on doing so , you 're an antisemite . 
  if you try to tell polish history without covering the massive jewish ethnic minority , you failed . 
   one hardly hears abroad about polish history or culture in context different than jewish . 
  that 's just absolutely not true . 
  there 's even a blockbuster videogame franchise devoted to polish culture . 
  most things spread abroad about polish culture have nothing to do with jews . 
   a director of polish cultural institute is , for some reason , focusing on jewish culture/history . 
  a ) jewish history is a huge part of polish history - most jews murdered in the holocaust came from poland b ) she is not focusing on jewish culture to the exclusion of polish culture , she 's including it . 
  check the facebook page and their programme . 
  i do n't know why you 're defending the patently antisemitic pis government here . 
  a ) she presents plenty of polish content , the objection is to polish-jewish content . 
  b ) where do you think most jews gassed in ww2 came from ? 
   that doesnt mean that those sites are false or should be prosecuted by the government . 
  a ) `` tin foil '' by definition means false . 
  b ) we 're not talking prosecution here , but curation measures by places like google and facebook . 
  if they treat all sources as the same , they 're susceptible to being gamed by outright false spam . 
  seriously ? 
  there 's no indication at all he was joking , that 's just your projection, 
  we 're not talking about different opinions , we 're talking about blatant falsehoods , about total disregard for facts , not interpretation . 
  i fail to see how anything is wrong or inaccurate about that fact check . 
  it 's valuable in that it shows that trump is no less of a complete idiot about computers than most older politicians . 
  pravda printed lies with only one opinion . 
  what 's desirable here is a free media with differing opinions , but measures against the spread of fake news lies .
