  dan hanan is the only leave figure fit to lead the campaign , and instead it 's gove and boris scaremongering with hysteria , lies , and anti-immigration bs . 
  go figure what people 's priorities are there . 
   i 've seen farage holding his own in a hostile crowd against three distinguished remain campaigners , i like to think this sets the highest standard for both campaigns . 
  farage only ever wins if you do n't know anything about the eu . 
  i saw him complain about health tourists from the eu in a debate , ignoring the fact that it 's so small a phenomenon as to be essentially not a thing , and that eu immigrants take out less in benefits than native britons or non-eu immigrants , and even pay 20 billion more in taxes than they take out . 
  he 's a dishonest bag of shit , and his `` breaking point '' poster that recalls nazi propaganda set a new low for the entire referendum campaign . 
   what the rest of them do does not influence the argument in any way . 
  yes it does , because gove , boris , patel et al are the figureheads of the campaign . 
  dan hanan only ever goes on niche shows , he 's not a headline figure . 
   i do n't watch the guy anymore , i found him insufferable after about the third episode . 
  i do n't get why people consider it a lecture . 
  he 's a comedic vessel just like in tds . 
   clearly the 2 driving forces behind the leave campaign . 
  the point was n't to explain the leave campaign , the point was to dismantle it . 
  also , the vast majority of eu immigrants are white and christian , so islam has fuck all to do with this . 
  and even re : homegrown terrorism , a ) the uk has more border control due to not being in schengen , and b ) tigher pan-european cooperation inside the eu is better and heads of intelligence and police attest to this . 
  and just because i like repeating it , eu immigrants grow our economy , rejuvenate our aging workforce , are less likely to claim benefits than uk citizens or non-eu immigrants , and pay in 20 billion more in taxes than they take out . 
  the immigration argument is , on a macro level , bullshit . 
  if you 're concerned about unskilled workers ' competition , implement more strident labour laws . 
   we 've all heard the economic argument . 
  finance is the sector of our economy really under threat . 
  no not really . 
  finance is under threat , but export businesses stand to lose even more . 
  and finance can recover and reform in a new form - what the french finance minister called `` guernseyfication '' , becoming a tax haven bit player . 
  which is even worse than bankers today . 
   disproving shit pillow regulation statistic proves that there 's no problem with regulation . 
   you missed the point . 
  the main point was that a lot of prominent brexiteers are lying sacks of shit . 
   we would n't be able to trade with europe without free movement . 
  ( look at canada and tell me that again . ), 
  canada does n't have nearly as many perks from trade with europe , also canada is really far away and a miniscule trading partner . 
  also , sch\u00e4uble and other eu ministers have ruled out giving britain single market access in the event of a brexit -- they have to create a disincentive for leaving , so this is absolutely a credible threat . 
   jo cox murder was demonstrative of the current mindset of the country , or more specifically , leave voters . 
  mair was a neo-nazi , but also a product of the climate of bullshit hysteria about eu immigration eminating from ukip and the right-wing press . 
  the vast majority of leave voters are n't anything near mair , but people like mair feel the need to do what he did due to the leave campaign 's bullshit . 
   also , the # 350m fact was correct . 
  no it is n't . 
   the uk has 0 control of how much it gets back in the rebate . 
  we give the eu # 350m and have no say in what they do with it . 
  and yet they give us back millions of it . 
  hence , we get back loads before it even leaves the country . 
  hence , quoting the figure as `` we give this much to the eu '' is a lie . 
  also , the uk is * part of * the eu , so obviously it * does * have a say in it . 
  besides , our contributions pale in comparison to a ) the economic benefits we reap from being in , and b ) the amount of money lost due to the pound going down due to stock market panic about a brexit . 
  it 's a total red herring . 
  so the bottom one of the baltic states ? 
  got it . \u00b4 edit : guys i get it they 're in alphabetical order from top to bottom jesus, 
   thereby not the proto-orwellian entity that it absolutely is ? 
  well , there goes * your * credibility . 
   except trying to link cox 's murderer to ukip ukip and the right-wing press have been entirely complicit in the general climate exacerbating this . 
  mair was a nazi already , but i 'm pretty sure the anti-immigrant hysteria is pushing people to greater extremes , and in mair 's case , violent action . 
  oliver 's point is justified there , imo . 
   ignoring another half of gove 's sentence about experts to prat about how leavers are retards who do n't like numbers ( the other half was about how these experts were wrong ) . 
  the answer to experts being wrong on occasions is n't flat-out rejecting all expert advice . 
  gove 's statement was n't wrong in pointing out that experts had been wrong before , but it was spectacularly ignorant and anti-intellectual in its conclusion that experts should therefore just be dismissed out of hand . 
  oliver 's point , again , is justified there imo . 
   i am all in for the eu , but hearing him i sometimes wish there was a brexit . 
  that 's how annoying he is . 
  do n't watch him then , and do n't shit over other people 's enjoyment of him . 
  did you watch this video ? 
  no strawmen there . 
  the leave campaign literally is that bad . 
   clinton one of the worst politicians in us history that is a total sellout and total corp drone who would say anything to get elected and change absolutely nothing for the better . 
  aw come the fuck on can we go 2 comments without some total misrepresentation ? 
  criticise clinton on her platform , fine , but she has a left-of-center ( by us standards ) voting record and platform she 's running on and has consistently worked to get things done that benefit unions , poor families , women , lgbt people etc. 
  those terms are centuries younger than islam . 
  trying to apply them is like calling the bayeux tapestry a snapchat story . 
   it is an all-encompassing set of allegedly ultimate rules that claims to regulate every aspect of the personal life ( up to details like how to clean one 's ass on the toilet ) as well as every aspect of social and political life . 
  welcome to * all religious texts ever . 
  * and as time goes on , it splinters and gets re-interpreted in different ways , many more liberal than the original text . 
  acting like this is fascism is bizarre nonsense . 
   a totalitarian socio-political ideology like sharia , sharia just means `` law '' , and it 's a hotly debated concept in of itself . 
  i 've heard it said that it 's similar to the way people love to go on about the constitution in the us , but few actually agree on precise legal interpretations of it . 
  i 'm not saying it 's fine and dandy and people should accept all of sharia , but calling it a `` totalitarian ideology '' is just ignorant . 
  also , it sounds like a [ burial tune . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ru49ujys3c ) what 's not to love ? 
  seriously ? 
  it was an a * burial knockoff beat, 
   research has also shown that there 's been an unprecedented fall in real wages in the past decade . 
   research has also shown that it has nothing to do with eu immigration . 
  which i linked above . 
  it 's literally irrelevant to talk about eu immigrants and real wages . 
   so you keep telling me we 've benefited to the tune of # 20bn but the vast majority of people do n't see the benefits in their pay packet . 
  because that goes to the state in the form of tax , but nobody ever really praises tax revenue in public discourse , do they ? 
  and ridiculous baseless scaremongering about `` benefit scroungers '' gives people drastically skewed impressions , thus creating the perception of immigrants leeching off the state when they 're objectively not . 
   you 've just proven my point . 
  labour tried telling people they were wrong about immigration . 
  damn reality and its left-wing bias . 
   how is someone wrong when they 're income has went down because the us-origin financial crash caused it . 
  eu immigration had fuck all to do with it . 
   yet they 're told by the imf and people like you it 's good for them ? 
  because they 're people who study data and rigorously strive to eliminate perception biases . 
   your attitude is the typical `` we know what 's best for you '' which has been the biggest pull factor towards the leave vote . 
  and the right-wing press ' constant condescension * is n't * telling you what to think ? 
  their unabashedly slanted , misleading , and lying editorials thick with piss-poor argumentation is somehow just `` speaking the truth '' while the imf 's evidence-driven warnings is somehow fearmongering ? 
  i do n't know what 's best for you , but i know what 's objectively best for the country * thanks to hard evidence . 
  * if you ca n't face the facts , that 's just sheer wilful ignorance . 
   he once said that russia needs no elections to install a ` liberal dictatorship ' [ after the dearest leader goes away ] and that the opposition should not participate in the coming elections [ coz it would be used to add more ` legitimacy ' to the existing regime ] . 
  he looks like a political freak to me . 
  i just ca n't shake that feeling .
