  she was elected with a clear majority , so um ...  she did nothing for children and their parents crying out for help regarding the grooming gangs in her constituency . 
  a ) she was elected in 2015 , hardly enough time to be responsible for any of that . 
  b ) you mean the halifax cimes ? 
  halifax is n't in her constituency . 
  did you read this on some far-right website ? 
  i googled it and it was all tenuous connections and vague bullshit about `` she 's one of them lefties who hate us '' . 
  stop stinking up my mailbox, 
   no one cares about a civil case against a university . 
  you mean a scam that ripped off poor people ? 
  i 'm pretty sure people care about that . 
  also , again , trump bribing that ag is pretty huge and will be rolled out as a counterpunch . 
   do you want to agree though it can go either way ? 
  that is what i actually think . 
  i forgot i was n't on r/politcs where correct the record throws a fit if someone tries to say there is n't a 100 % chance she will win . 
  i got a little defensive . 
  i think they both have a 50/50 shot lot be honest . 
  either way i think it will be very close . 
  oh sure !, 
  i think the race currently favors her , but yeah i do agree she does n't have it in the bag . 
   so why on earth would any country allow that kind of person in if they had a choice ? 
  because they have basic human decency . 
  save for the attacking other people , all of the above are understandable and rational acts that do n't preclude someone becoming a productive member of society . 
  do n't count your chickens before they roost , friend . 
  [ trump 's bribing of an attorney-general ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0q88a0mfi7g ) and his scam university are gon na be brought up , and there 's still the debates . 
   god realclearpolitics has her just over 2 % in a 4 way raise . 
  down from like 8 % in just one month . 
  ... which means she 's still leading . 
  i love how you define their very presence in europe as a crime , absolving you of any need to consider them as humans . 
  jesus christ mate, 
   i have empathy for people living in britain who do n't want to fall victim to these violent , fighting-age , almost-entirely-male criminals . 
   most of those things are generalisations no more accurate than saying `` they 're all peaceful educated young men whose presence will only serve to enrich us '' . 
  your refusal to even consider them as human speaks volumes tbh . 
   you seem to have sympathy for everyone but your own countrymen . 
  i have a lot of sympathy for countrymen , particularly the ones with decency who work in activism to help vulnerable people , like jo cox . 
   so they came here in europe from the middle east aka asia aka another continent the mediterranean has for centuries been a connected world , you 're way exaggerating the distance here . 
   realised they do n't speak the language in most countries but if they 're still here they might as well traverse the whole continent and get to the uk rather then go back to the middle east . 
  a ) calais is a bottleneck , which is why it looks more dramatic than it is . 
  the vast majority of people coming here do n't go or want to go there . 
  b ) if you want people to go back to the middle east , you 've got to understand them as humans . 
  calling them entitled is just wanking yourself off to feel morally superior and helps you in no scenario . 
  calais camps only exist because they 're a bottleneck , the uk would n't be able to make such demands if it was landlocked like the other countries . 
  and yes , it 's not how the asylum system works . 
  it still does n't hurt you to stop for two minutes , refrain from sneeringly calling them entitled and feckless and whatnot , and consider how the problem could be better addressed in ways that understand their normal human actions . 
  also , the uk should take more refugees , particularly young children . 
  sure , and when you 're hundreds or thousands of miles from home , you do n't go look for more familiar places or places you know where to start , you settle for totally strange and alienating surroundings . 
  right ? 
  jesus , have some fucking empathy . 
  i 'm not asking anyone to condone it , but the sneering condescension here is just disgusting . 
  instead of creating absurd stories about spoiled entitled migrants who want to take your benefits , you could just stop and think for a second and realize they prefer a place where they 're more familiar with the language . 
  i love how you take one poll with historically unprecedented sampling to invalidate almost every other poll , all the while buying 538 's general * rating * of that pollster while also totally rejecting everything else 538 tell you . 
  it 's the definition of confirmation bias . 
  nothing 's certain at this point . 
  but she 's objectively more likely to win , yes . 
  i mean , [ it 's a tossup in ** arizona ** of all places . 
  ] ( http://www.azcentral.com/story/news/politics/elections/2016/09/07/poll-arizona-toss-up-between-hillary-clinton-donald-trump/89919308/ ), 
  dat username/comment combination, 
  the one with the representative sampling , yeah . 
   you do n't trust polls now ? 
  i trust data . 
  i trust good methods . 
  this one had questionable methods . 
   she told the fbi she had brain damage and could n't remember her security training . 
  that 's not what she said . 
  she said we goes going into work part-time for a while due to her concussion , and could n't remember what her part-time schedule looked like . 
  she never implied the concussion affected her memory . 
  the cnn one drastically oversampled uneducated white voters , trump 's strongest demographic . 
  plus , again , national polls do n't decide the winner , the electoral college does . 
  clinton 's still got a lead in some crucial swing states . 
  again , check the 538 website , they do good contextualisation . 
  jesus christ , the mental gymnastics on display here . 
   at least that 's the narrative you guys keep forcing down everyone 's throats . 
  they did n't change roles . 
  the democrats just changed from being overtly racist to subversively racist . 
  they still base people 's worth on their skin color . 
   go read that atlantic article i linked , in full . 
  that 's all i can say , really . 
   i mean except for the fact that hillary was actually mentored by barry goldwater and actual kkk members . 
  she became a democrat in college over disgust with the gop 's racism after having campaigned for goldwater as a 16 year old . 
  she went on to fight racial segregation in schools as a lawyer . 
  that only testifies to her character , tbh . 
   besides the fact that the kkk was a wing of the democratic party and they were mainly responsible for jim crow . 
  [ do n't be an idiot . 
  you know exactly democrats and republicans changed roles over the course of the 20th century . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/southern_strategy )  the irony . 
  the_donald bans any dissent and you go on about irony ? 
   oh right . 
  you ignore white supremacists unless they say things you agree with like `` i 'm voting for trump . '', 
  such intellectual dishonesty . 
  yeah because hillary 's platform is totally antithetical to the kkk , and trump 's is the most nativist since barry goldwater ? 
  like , jesus , do you even read ? 
   you mean they 're the only ones looking to coddle them and give them free handouts by telling them they 're special and nothing is ever their fault . 
  oh right , just realized you 're an actual trump supporter . 
  nevermind , carry on living in your echo chamber . 
  hahahaha you seriously believe an actual white supremacist ? 
  and you actually read that far-right rag washington times ? 
  of course they do n't own their votes . 
  democrats just get the vast majority of the black vote because they are the only party to actively care about issues that affect black voters specifically . 
   that 's funny because this whole time i was told that racial disparities in the justice system were because of evil white racism and now you 're telling me it 's because of the clintons and democrats . 
   [ if you care about facts and nuance , you know , you could read up on it and see that there 's not one single cause for injustice . 
  ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2014/06/the-case-for-reparations/361631/ )  kind of sad that she has `` 99 % '' of the black vote even after calling them super predators [ well , maybe not 99 % , but a ridiculously large support either way .
