  `` the problem is that all the jews stick together , then obviously something like the nazis will come along . 
  if the jews did n't refuse to integrate so much , we would n't have something like the nazis '' mate can you stop blaming fascism on its victims please , thanks, 
  ^ ^ exactly . 
  having compared many a cuisine , i can safely say britain is much better for having imported different cultures ' food . 
  though i will say a full english breakfast is the best hangover food, 
  it makes society less myopic , and more understanding and worldly . 
  also , much better food . 
  you realise that 200 $ / month buys you a shitton more in bulgaria than in the uk , right ? 
  the cost of living in a given area usually determines what people call `` poor '' and `` rich '' , not absolute numbers . 
   complaining about noisy neighbours , barbecuing on saturdays and fiddeling with their cars , just as the germans . 
  aaaah , good old germany, 
   is that some kind of a wink ? 
  do n't worry i 'm christian but not the right-wing kind of christian lol oh no , sorry if it came across that way !, 
  it 's just that i happened to know some people who were all `` jesus loves you '' one minute and then all `` sex before marriage is a sin '' and `` man why do n't these turks go back to where they came from '' ( bear in mind most young turks in germany are 2nd or 3rd generation ) the next . 
  i was mostly mentioning that to make the point that while the documentary is concerning , we should n't kid ourselves into thinking this a problem exclusive to islam . 
  in doing so , germany would become far too prone to alarmist and possibly antagonising and thus counter-productive measures , imo . 
  a lot of those opinions expressed are shocking and wrong , but they 're a nevertheless * mixture * of conservative upbringing , adolescent bullshit , and lack of experience . 
  beating all religious identity out of people is impossible , and fails to address all causes of the problem , i reckon . 
  the thing is , you only really get to have these discussions from when you 're 14-ish ? 
  onwards in school - many people leave school at 16 still . 
  the only other place to discuss stuff like that is religion lessons - which are run by religions themselves , not religious education by the state like in the uk ( hitler introduced this , btw ! ) . 
  some states have compulsory ethics lessons , but it 's not that many iirc . 
  i 'd argue that talking with children about the social fabric should start much earlier . 
   the family is the main source of values for any child . 
  that and their peers - and i think that 's where school education can at least nudge the framing of things into a different perspective . 
  it sure would benefit the right-wing christians i knew too . 
  to be fair though , this is not really a problem of constitution - it 's a legal-philosophical document , teenagers ca n't really relate to that . 
  i 've heard stuff that 's almost as bad from german christian teenagers in conservative areas , who justified it with their faith and family life . 
  the problem is that local sense of community - and its values - often clashes with the conception of community needed on a national level and on a basic level to ensure individual rights , and people have n't figured out how to bridge that gap in school . 
  civic education needs to stop going on about `` it 's the constitution '' as the be all and end all - which teenager would give a fuck about some nearly 70 year old document , when they 've been taught otherwise all their life by their surroundings ? 
  schools need a real , proper discussion of social values and acceptance from a much earlier age . 
  the us gets a lot of mileage out of sharing intelligence and military cooperation and using nato countries for bases tho, 
  trident is not a deterrent because they would n't do shit was my point . 
  nukes are n't a magical talisman . 
   how many generations does it take for these people to put germany first and foremost ? 
  if you keep poking someone with the question `` are you german yet ? 
  have you purged your un-german ways ? 
  are you german yet ? 
  have you purged your un-german ways ? 
  '' , that 's the fastest way to making them hate you . 
  besides , lot of the younger generations feel quite german by now . 
   believes in renationalising the railways that 's actually more cost-effective than the current quasi-privatised system . 
   unilateral nuclear disarmament let 's be honest ; in a nuclear war , trident would n't do shit . 
  all other countries are n't scared of the uk using its nukes . 
  they 're scared of the us . 
  it 's a big waste of money . 
   quantitative easing to fund national infrastructure [ some economists actually support that . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/aug/22/jeremy-corbyn-economists-backing-anti-austerity-policies-corbynomics ), 
  d'you know how many of them are ? 
   if you 're not a criminal , you should n't run from state authorities . 
  tell that to the jews in world war 2 . 
  what is law does not inherently determine what is ethical . 
   it is obvious that the policeman was trying to stop the guy . 
  the guy was an old man carrying a child , in a particularly vulnerable position and a danger to nobody , afraid of being thrown into more perilous circumstances in a camp ( some reports have been of terrible conditions there ) . 
  the policeman was a trained professional at the peak of his fitness , who needed absolutely no help . 
  even if you believe the man was wrong to run , she actively went out of her way to harm vulnerable people . 
  she also reports for jobbik-affiliated media . 
  she did n't do it out of concerns for the law , she 's just a disgusting bigot and a disgrace to journalism . 
   why not as a journalist ? 
  many journalists are actively involved in peddling one political opinion or another . 
  giving an opinion - which , in itself , only happens when you 're not doing neutral reporting - is very different from actually tampering with the story , while ostensibly reporting . 
   it 's not a noble profession , and even in this very crisis journalists are spinning events to their favour , and sometimes selling outright lies . 
  spinning , again , is hugely different from actually manipulating events - * against * vulnerable people - to suit your needs . 
  it 's the height of unethical behaviour as a journalist . 
  furthermore , she was n't even a reporter , she was a camerawoman . 
  she had one job , and she failed badly . 
   wanted to help the police , which is very natural and a good thing imo . 
  not as a journalist in that circumstance . 
  she does n't deserve to go to jail , but she sure as hell deserved to be fired . 
  the reason you see so many people in calais is because it 's a choke point . 
  far more people disperse than try and get into the uk . 
   the only reason i can think of for that is the welfare is more generous in the uk nope . 
  britain is horrible for welfare . 
  reasons i 've heard are family , speaking only english but not french , etc, 
   are you trying to claim that there are no safe country 's enroute to europe ? 
  if safety is your priority then why risk a dangerous journey to another continent ? 
  hungary is super hostile to immigrants , and many of the syrian diaspora - i.e. 
  family members , people they know - are spread across more northern parts of the eu . 
  plus , better economies mean a better shot at rebuilding a life . 
  none of which have anything to do with welfare . 
   some do yes , you 're an idiot . 
  a random german is very different from the average german . 
  you 're demanding absolute homogeneity , which is ridiculous . 
   it does really . 
  you realise this is a tiny amount of people compared to the general population , and that in the larger scheme of things this is a sideshow ? 
  a ) it 's a small number of people there , compared to the general population . 
  b ) it might be dual nationality , or they might actually be turkish expats . 
  there are [ 1.3 million ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/courting-the-diaspora-erdogan-hopes-germany-s-turks-can-get-him-re-elected-a-749389.html ) people in germany eligible to vote in the turkish elections , and they are courted heavily by erdogan . 
  c ) turkish flags are not inherently bad , you know . 
  [ 1.3 million turks living in germany are allowed to vote in turkish elections . 
  ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/courting-the-diaspora-erdogan-hopes-germany-s-turks-can-get-him-re-elected-a-749389.html ) it is what it is . 
  does n't mean turkish immigrants have n't integrated at all . 
  asking people to abandon all aspects of their identity is absurd , though . 
  people have a right to figure out their own identity as long as it fits the general social fabric . 
   why do the people in the video still hate kurds then ? 
  because turkish voting laws allow voting abroad , and [ the turks in germany who are allowed to vote ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/courting-the-diaspora-erdogan-hopes-germany-s-turks-can-get-him-re-elected-a-749389.html ) are actively courted by erdogan 's conservative akp . 
  who are very , very opposed to the radical socialist , kurdish separatist pkk . 
  so you honestly believe people risk death repeatedly , travelling thousands of miles , for life on welfare ? 
   yeah actually , they did . 
  even if 100 % of them were economic migrants , the clue 's in the name : economic migrants want to earn a living for a better life than where they came from , not spend a meagre benefit payment on the high cost of living .
