  their respective causes and origins are totally different . 
  their aims are at odds with each other . 
  it 's useless to group them together , unless you 're trying to make some ham-fisted legitimation for the west 's ideas of secularism . 
  railing against `` political islam '' is , for analytical purposes , useless . 
   iran , afghanistan , pakistan , libya is down . 
  syria is partially down . 
  egypt has been very religious despite the military government . 
  and finally , turkey is about to down , under erdogan government . 
  islamist extremisim is taking over everyhwere . 
  it 'd a surprise if it did n't spread to bosnia and albania . . you need to face the problem directly its source , saudi arabia . 
  otherwise , 15-20 years later , it will be worse than today . 
  those are some highly disparate countries though . 
  iran is shia and the revolution was a reaction to the western-imposed shah , libya and syria are seeing gains by is who are sunni/wahhabi ... `` extremism '' does n't cover the vastly differing circumstances which lead to each of those situations . 
  they 've actually been planning foreign attacks since they moved into syria , it 's part of their expansion strategy . 
  b-b-b-but muh islam !, 
  surely all muslims get along in their sexist oppressive ways / s, 
  as far as i gather , george soros conspiracy theories are quite popular in hungary and eastern europe . 
  hence , evil globalist liberals etc, 
   same if you tell them there 's a religion called hinduism ( hindi means turkey bird in turkish ) . 
  that 's actually hilarious, 
  you seriously have no idea if you think she has no principles . 
  read the new yorker feature on her , it 's very informative, 
  really ? 
  oettinger does n't strike me as the type you 'd want . 
  schulz maybe ? 
  she also `` tamed '' some power players , too - e.g. 
  sch\u00e4uble has been a consistent presence in her administration , and honestly i much prefer him there than at the head of anything . 
  oh come on , do n't act like she 's not preferable to most senior politicians in the country . 
   aka she really wants the approval of 10  3 million million turks living in germany , but realized she alienates the rest of her electoral base by sucking up to erdogan so much  bullshit , she does n't need the turkish vote , and it 's not the cdu 's natural constituency anyway . 
  she 's dependent on erdogan for stopping the refugee flow , that 's why she was trying to appease him . 
  i do . 
  and that 's how i came to that verdict . 
  he 's the logical extension of the fox news -  the blaze -  breitbart continuum . 
  thanks , ireland !, 
  this is the first detailed , balanced argument i 've seen in this entire thread . 
  kudos to you , that 's pretty dank  and his mass assassination policy is probably a war crime but i guess that 's par for the course for a us president . 
  his argument is often `` it 's better than the alternative which would involve more collatoral damage '' . 
  there 's some argument to be made that a lot of engagements are unnecessary , however i think it 's not unfair to say fighting terrorist groups abroad is still in the us ' ( and the world 's ) interest . 
  how would you respond to that ? 
  is the drone war intrinsically a war crime , or is it a failure of execution ? 
  seriously ? 
  what does bill clinton have that hillary does n't ? 
  i can think of two things , outsized charisma and a dick , and surely they 're not qualifiers for fitness for the presidency ? 
  friends tell the truth . 
  lol no the reason trump 's unbeatable in the gop is because he 's the embodiment of all the base 's nasty impulses . 
  in the general arena , he ca n't win over the rest with those antics, 
   hate speech/inappropriate speech laws in europe ? 
  hate speech ( e.g. 
  racist violence incitement , denial of the holocaust ) is totally different from the law that 's being applied here , insult/libel of a foreign head of state . 
   that is n't familiar with the trash that rappers like haftbefehl are . 
  sounds like some chabo does n't know who the babo is , tsk tsk, 
  you 've never been to london , have you ? 
  have you ever been to london ? 
  the amount of ethnic minority brits is quite large indeed . 
  khan is asking for accurate representation , which is only fair . 
   like i said in another comment , satire is something you only pick up when you know a language rather well which for me is n't the case in german ( never learnt it in school , just me my interest and the border being right around the corner , together with some family ties ) . 
  aaah sorry , did n't pick up on your country !, 
  yeah it 's quite a subtle theme , i did n't notice it immediately either , but once you see it you can tell it 's there . 
  but you 're right , it also makes fun of the ridiculous quasi-militarism of rap songs ( which [ haftbefehl is very fond of ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1dhkvlouyly ) )  our local language also resembles german and one of the ways i study the tongue is through music and doku 's / shows ( lowenzahn u.a. ), 
  ooh , that 's cool !, 
  you have a lot more dedication than most people . 
  i 'm sorry to say all i know of your beautiful tongue is godverdomme , niet roken and alsjeblieft . 
  the latter two came from being stuck in schiphol for six hours . 
  that counts as immersion learning , right ? 
  i dunno , kabarett is often more smug than funny . 
  us political satire ( daily show in particular ) always managed a better fusion of funny jokes with satiric wit imo . 
   as far as i can see , the pro-police part is given the larger part of the stage , because one important goal of the song is to mock haftbefehl . 
   really ? 
  b\u00f6hmi is a massive rap fan , i 'm pretty sure he likes haftbefehl . 
  the parody is also spot-on , so i 'd say he definitely did it with love for detail, 
   big hip hop fan here , really cool to have a pro-police song instead of the same old ` fuck the pigs ' mentality , we 're not the states here where there might be a reason to be afraid . 
   eh , it 's also a subtle parody of police violence you know, 
  his actual opinions lean pro-feminist , but he makes fun of smugness on all parties to public debate , which includes feminists . 
   a ) if they follow fascist principles as described by mussolini , they are fascist . 
  otherwise - they are not . 
  ] ( http://www.nybooks.com/articles/1995/06/22/ur-fascism/ ) that 's far too simplistic a definition . 
  fascism by its very nature is vague and diffuse , sentiment is more useful than checklists of policy in determining fascist leanings . 
  ok , fair enough . 
  but honestly niqab bans and mohammed images are really not the problem issues in integration . 
  it 's perfectly valid to oppose those bans and think mohammed should n't be drawn , as long as they just disagree about it . 
   let 's be honest , many muslims do n't want to assimilate . 
  ... but go talk to an average european muslim about their attitudes about images of muhammad or the banning of the niqab in public and see what kinds of responses you get . 
  you 're american . 
  have you ever even talked to a european muslim ? 
  me : `` hey guys nuance is important , people join terrorism for many different reasons . 
  radical fundamentalism is a catalyst , but the underlying motivations differ . 
  it 's important to have responses to each of those '' 1 month old right-wing sockpuppet : `` hurr durr mass immigration '' yeah sure that 'll help when almost all attacks in europe are committed by people born and raised in europe, 
  probably residual loyalty/attitudes inherited from older generations . 
  plus , people of turkish descent in germany are on average poorer and less well educated , thus fit the akp demographic more ( from what i hear about turkish politics ) , and erdogan also courts them extensively . 
  that said those are just trends , there 's also plenty of turks who benefited from social mobility in germany . 
  a lot of the ones immigrating were rural poor people from the east , iirc , so that might be something to do with it ? 
  also , there 's a consistent effect among expats everywhere that they 're more conservative than the average person in their country of origin . 
   apparently salah used to frequent gay bars in brussels and other clientele thought he was a rent boy . 
  this is even better than those putin loving gay russian nazis . 
   it 's mostly migrants , second , third generation . 
  sure , but 4 million turks in germany have n't turned jihadi . 
   should not have let in people from islamic countries to be honest , but , too late now . 
  so we should prevent bosnia-herzegovina from entering the eu ? 
   yeah , unfortunatelly they gives a lot of fucks about religion while the `` west '' pretends they do n't and everything 's `` equal '' . 
  everyone knows al-baghdadi is highly religiously educated .
