  i 'm all for teaching people cultural norms of the west about gender relations , and refugee aid pages i 've seen do stress that . 
  but in this specific case , it was not a case of confusion . 
  it was a case of criminal conspiracy . 
  so you 're saying teach men not to rape or sexually assault ? 
  sure , fine . 
  but in this specific case , they used the sexual assault for petty theft . 
  it 's abundantly clear this was n't about coming on to people , it was about robbing and hurting them . 
  in no country with a legal system is this not criminal or unethical . 
   allegedly try to hush because they fear a backlash against asylum seekers . 
  yeah , the women 's aid group took the report down from public view * because they need to do their work properly . 
  * you ca n't help people if you 've got fascists on your back smashing in the windows of the houses in which the people you 're helping live . 
  there 's a difference in not knowing cultural difference and what these people did . 
  these people targeted the women for criminal acts , theft and sexual assault . 
  this is not cultural misunderstanding in the slightest . 
  they were drinking alcohol . 
  they were n't muslim . 
  `` we need to do [ stupidly broad , indiscriminate , non-evidence-based policy ] '' is just right-wing masturbation . 
   jailing them forever and tossing the key then forgetting about them carries the risk keeping them radicalized till they exit jail as in . 
  deradicalisation programmes in jail . 
  deradicalisation programmes everywhere . 
  working constructively with muslim communities to alleviate social problems . 
  `` meat is murder / ride bikes / switch to renewables '' -- karl marx , 1840, 
  so what ? 
  given that they 're both abrahamic religions , it 's totally valid for a site to be sacred to several faiths . 
  wow you 're right , -6 karma for what i thought was a pretty level-headed argument, 
   ( also , his liberalism is not classical . ), 
  well , okay , keynesian . 
  i mean , fair enough to despise the man for the expansionism and the capitalism . 
  i 'm not too fussed about him , what bothered me about your answer was more the lack of context ( as singling him out is a classic us right-wing tactic to paint themselves as victims while advocating policies that would benefit people like him ) , and the whole `` degeneracy by way of having social policies that are n't fucking awful '' thing . 
   like how race no longer means genetic traits . 
  it can mean religion , or even area of world people live . 
  well even race in its original incarnation was a bullshit construct for white imperialist countries to justify their alleged inherent superiority in non-religious terms , as previously christianity had been used as a justification , but the broader shift towards a secular society with a scientific discourse brought about new ways of explaining the world . 
  this use of rationalisation has evolved over time as phrenology , eugenics and all the other pseudoscience surrounding race became discredited and , post-ww2 , more taboo . 
  by `` meaning religion '' you presumably mean islam ? 
  the point about involving discussion of race and racism in islamophobic ( meaning blanket bigotry , * not * critique of islamic theology ) sentiment is that most muslims are bme people , while most islamophobic people in the west are white and couch their attacks in nativist rhetoric that is functionally indistinct from `` classical '' racism . 
   relevant username . 
  how sad is it that i have to remind a leftist that the bourgeoisie are cosmopolitan liberals ? 
  that 's pretty funny coming from the guomindang . 
   poor progressives , always the underdogs , never the establishment . 
  how ever will they win ? 
    soros 's subversion is globe-spanning . 
  because soros is the only rich person ever to hold sway over people , right ? 
  never said he ( or left-leaning classical liberals in general ) was an underdog . 
  just pointing out he 's not the world-controlling bogeyman the right so ardently paints , while also highly conveniently ignoring the oligarchs on their side . 
   like most globalists , the kochs are supporters of social liberalism [ as so often , money speaks louder than words here ] ( http://thinkprogress.org/politics/2015/02/10/3617677/koch-brothers-moderate-message/ )  you really have no idea what the political orientation of global capital is , do you ? 
  ever read its organ , the economist ? 
  sure , i 've read the economist before . 
  sometimes right , sometimes wrong , often reductionist and elitist . 
  also , pretty fucking hilarious that you 're quoting marxist and gramscian thought to justify your nativist claptrap . 
  `` mass immigration '' lolololol, 
  hurr durr lem me just ignore facts to make a stupid point about how all black people should fuck off, 
   `` the migrants are aware that the procedure to identify them would impede their journey toward the european countries where they have large communities and , often , their families , '' said erasmo palazzotto , a lawmaker for the small left-wing sel party . 
  no , as in , where expat communities in europe are . 
  it says so in the article - countries where their families/communities from their countries are . 
  oh , i did n't realise he was born in hungary . 
  how come he 's hated so much in hungary ? 
  is there some anti-semitism to that ? 
  some of what the other guy said above sounded like some well-worn anti-semitic `` evil jew capitalist lefties '' stuff . 
  well yeah , but soros does n't dominate any society and has more wealthy/influential adversaries . 
  characterising an entire society to be soros-like is just inherently silly, 
   oligarchs like soros the kochs , who oppose basically all the liberal values you so hate , by far outspend soros . 
  your strawman is really , really inaccurate dude . 
  yeah , through singing i 've learned some beautiful italian lyrics i do n't understand and only perceive as funny syllables . 
  also , i 've heard that that song is considered an `` unofficial anthem '' of italy , is that true ? 
  is it a bit like rule britannia and everyone and their mum knows it ? 
  ^ ( i have no idea what i 'm saying lol ), 
  the point is n't her origins , the point is that she particularly fucked over working-class women . 
  o i guess ur right they 're [ totally ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=death+toll+world+war+2 ) [ comparable ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=death+toll+holocaust ) and i guess taking in refugees is definitely equivalent to * millions of deaths * and genocide, 
   hell , ** in a way she 's worse than hitler . 
  ** at least he had a plan when he plunged europe into misery . 
  #refugees - worse than genocide holy shit you 're insane dude, 
  wait , what ?!, 
  how the fuck is the media marxist on * anything ? 
   let 's be honest , the germans were some of the least belligerent of all of the colonial powers [ as i say , shit was still genocidal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/herero_and_namaqua_genocide ) . 
  it was much smaller in scale ( and economically unproductive ) , but i think it still counts as being a shitty thing . 
   i do n't really agree with your 2nd point at all especially since you 're a brit and your british monarchy is respected in your country , despite its sordid past . 
  sorry , i was trying to argue against misplaced nostalgia for 1901-era imperialist monarchies , not against monarchies * per se * . 
  the british monarchy and political system has changed drastically over the years and is more benign now i 'd say . 
  but yeah , i do n't agree with the current monarchy either for that matter . 
   tsarism would have lost wwii for russia and that would lead to a bloodbath of ungodly proportions . 
  i had n't even thought of that , good point !, 
  wwii might 've even been lost for that matter , given the ussr were the ones shouldering the largest share and burden of the war effort against nazi germany . 
  then again , that depends on how alternate historical timelines might have gone etc. 
   which if i remember well employed belgians , brits , french , italians , etc alike . 
  yeah sure , not saying belgians were uniquely awful  times were different back then . 
  yes , but that 's not an excuse to ignore that and idealise awful time periods as some glorious past * we should return to . 
  *  the price of a human life if it can be called that was lower everywhere it was significantly worse for poc though , things only started evening out in the mass slaughter of wwi . 
   ww1 still sucked . 
  yes . 
   nicholas ii was officially an imperator ... which literally means 'em peror ', 
  nice little belgium also had its notoriously brutal and murderous colonial empire . 
  which was also indirectly responsible for the rwandan genocide . 
  i really would n't mourn that belgium of the past . 
  yes , it was . 
  not as bad as nazis , but still pretty fucking bad . 
  colonialism 2 . 
  genocide ( herero genocide by german empire was the first of the 20th century ) 3 . 
  famine ( russian empire suffered several of these in the late tsar period ) 4 . 
  imperialism/militarism - i.e. 
  pointless wars like wwi 5 .
