  the eu created the framework to maintain this beyond the cold war - and it has . 
  war between the eu countries is almost totally unthinkable today . 
   in so far as the eu has had an opportunity to demonstrate a lead in controlling war in its vicnity , it has failed : re , former yugoslavia , and more recently ukraine , and for that matter the ( all too ) near east yugoslavia was not an eu country nor was it deeply economically integrated with the eu . 
  it also had the disadvantage of not being a nation state formed by the post-wwi order , which most eu countries have the advantage of . 
  ukraine is not in the eu or nato , and the opponent was not in the eu or nato either - and was the primary driver of nato 's historical opponent . 
   the absence of war within eu boundaries 1990 to present does not prove a thing . 
  war does n't just spontaneously erupt in a divided europe . 
  europe went from 1815 to 1914 without a major conflict , and this is only a twenty-six year period . 
  and this period of peace is still mostly due to . . 
  it erupts over conflicting political , geographical and economic interests . 
  the eu drastically mitigates all of these by creating a framework to resolve conflicts and a framework of continuous productive cooperation in all of those fields . 
  also , as the other guy pointed out , you 're flat out wrong about the `` no conflicts '' thing . 
  they were short , but drastically changed historical trajectories . 
   american dominance is still the decisive factor governing state on state relations throughout the world ( but for how much longer ... ) american military dominance ca n't hold europe together . 
  it ca n't balance differing development standards . 
  it ca n't give weight to greek or macedonian or slovenian or polish interests . 
  in the eu , their interests can be presented as part of a larger whole for the us to agree to . 
   federated super-states are no guarantee that civil war can not happen , and structural imbalances within them can erupt in civil war if peaceful break up is not possible . 
  the eu is not a federated superstate , and as cameron got from his negotiations , there wo n't be one . 
  also , civil wars are far less likely when people are arguing about mutual interests ( e.g. 
  differing opinions on * methods * of defense or immigration policy ) rather than fundamental differences ( slaves vs no slaves economy ) . 
  also , non-muslim councillors and police just flat-out disbelieved victims , some were even involved in covering it up . 
  it 's easy to spin this as `` pc gone mad '' , but that 's hiding the other reasons where british authorities need to take more responsibility for their atrocities . 
  he says decent things , but he himself is a dodgy character ( eg it 's alleged he oversold his extremist past ) . 
  that 's why people are dubious about him . 
  also , many muslims agree with his basic points ( like , child marriage is bad ) , but feel like the `` somebody needs to speak out about this '' tone is subservient and feeds resentment against islam . 
  i 'd have to have a closer look at the report for that , but iirc according to older reports i saw , islamic and far left terrorist attacks are actually comparatively rare , though islamic ones are obviously increasing in frequency . 
  however separatist do account for a large proportion of terror attacks , so you may have a point . 
  i 'll look into it when i get the time, 
   from the 72 successfully launched attacks within the database , religiously inspired attacks caused only 8 % of deaths . 
  by contrast , rightwing terror attacks accounted for fewer executed attacks in total but just under half of deaths . 
    `` the most frequent targets were civilians , in particular ethnic and religious minorities , asylum seekers and immigrants . 
  a large majority of religious targets were muslim , '' the report found . 
  selection bias . 
  media reports of islamist terrorism become more widely reported , because they feed into a threat-to-the-west narrative . 
  i love the way you 're blaming a newspaper for reporting the news . 
  aah , ok . that 's pretty fascinating , i really need to brush up on my eastern european history . 
  thanks !, 
  how so ? 
  the crown was kept firmly in austrian/habsburg hands , was n't it ? 
  surely , hungarians were disenfranchised to some degree in that state, 
  not baw\u00fc , they got thumped there by the greens last time , and people like the guy from the greens . 
  though it might be a green-cdu coalition . 
  where the fuck does it say the teacher is a 3rd wave feminist ? 
  nowhere . 
  stop instrumentalising this horrific case for your shitty strawman culture war bullshit . 
  were n't the svp the ones who proposed a minaret ban with a poster that featured more minarets than actually existed in switzerland at the time ? 
  http://www.theguardian.com/uk/2009/oct/26/labour-immigration-plot-andrew-neather tl ; dr load of bollocks, 
   nearly 80 percent of the migrants returning home are iraqis . 
  just 22 of the 877 syrians - whose country is racked by civil war - and 35 of the 5,214 afghans who sought asylum in finland last year have asked to return to their home country . 
   if it is in our interest to leave , we will leave and you guys sort out what you need to sort out , the people of britain should n't suffer because it 'll please america . 
   given that one of the europhobes ' main arguments is that britain would keep its influential position primarily through strong alliance with the us and the commonwealth , it does matter and is a pretty big blow to their case . 
  you seriously underestimate how complex and thoughtful religious philosophy can be . 
  [ citation needed ] also , most immigration under blair was eu immigration . 
   i 'll probably be buried yeah because you 're a delusional nutcase . 
  that 's not fair on greece now , is it ? 
  australia detain migrants in horrific conditions , where reports have documented rampant sexual abuse by staff . 
  they 're really not a shining example to follow . 
  what about the greek borders ? 
  what about the boats ? 
  as greece pointed out , they 're bound by international law to rescue people . 
  it really does n't . 
  committing crimes voids your asylum claim in germany . 
  oh riiiight , so hungarian voldemort is in an indie band . 
  let me spell it out for you . 
  letting in migrants fleeing war and oppression and thereby lifting burdens from states bearing the larger brunt like greece , turkey , italy etc is great , women 's rights are great , migrants who harass , groom or assault women ( or men ! ), 
  void their welcome . 
  it 's really not that hard , mate . 
  well that goes without saying really . 
  but i 'm making the point that what people call the `` pc brigade '' would consider those statements abhorrent too . 
  people just project whatever evil they want to see onto `` political correctness '' when in fact , the people they ascribe it to have clearly defined political beliefs , which include that a woman is never to blame for being sexually harassed or assaulted . 
  german films have that too , they frequently use `` verflucht '' ( curse it ! ), 
  instead of `` fuck '' a lot , but have no qualms using `` schei\u00dfe '' very liberally . 
  presumably it 's to do with lip movements ? 
  also , using `` ficken '' ( to fuck ) in creative ways similar to `` fuck '' seems to be more of a thing for younger people, 
  wait , where did the ` w ' go ? 
  the mayor is n't left-wing , [ he 's an independent ] ( http://www.freiepresse.de/lokales/erzgebirge/aue/buergermeister-droht-ich-rufe-die-polizei-artikel9419751.php ) . 
  the left wing still does advocate against it , you 're just making shit up . 
   you usually say roughly this stuff ; and it is clearly not true : https://np.reddit.com/r/gamerghazi/comments/41o6h5/can_someone_clear_up_for_me_where_the_feminists/  nowhere in there is there a statement even close to assigning the victims responsibility for the crime . 
  and there never would be . 
  which is what i was referring to . 
   these leftist feminists view the mass sexual assaults as a conspiracy by right wing groups . 
  the top comment is very inaccurate , yes . 
  said poster 's statements sound like they came from early reports , and that the person did n't bother to check back later as more concrete details emerged , so it 's feasibly well-meaning ignorance . 
  that said , his dismissal is really shit . 
  luckily , several people go on to criticise said person , as it should be !, 
  some of his premises are correct : right-wing social media * has * been spreading a lot of hoaxes , there * is * a cologne pickpocketing problem using the `` antanz '' method , rape and sexual violence * is * a problem at mass festivities ( though he 's overstating the scale and vastly understating cologne , as others there point out ) . 
  again though , the poster is wrong and it 's mostly ignorance of the facts and an overzealous scepticism towards `` right wing accounts '' blinding him . 
  it 's not indicative of actual ideology . 
  he 's not blaming victims . 
  nobody else is either . 
  which is what i was referring to . 
  so , you know , what i 'm saying is true . 
   as well as for ineducated migrant masses and the criminal/terrorist/flankers ras they use to smuggle in our coutry with this ** slave trade . 
  ** why that 's a mightily nuanced and considered analysis . 
  in my experience , almost everyone who ever repeats the `` feelz  reelz '' meme has some serious confirmation bias issues and is just unwilling to embrace nuance , complexity , or the possibility that they 're not as right as they think they are . 
  well that 's a nice strawman you 've made there . 
  highly convenient too !, 
  `` i can just ignore everything they say because i know * they 're * the bad people . '', 
  the right wing * coined * the current use of `` political correctness '' .
