which is rubbish . 
  it has an establishment bias , benefitting the incumbent government . 
  well exactly , that 's what i 'm saying : germany previously did n't try to integrate people ( the author max frisch commented on it as `` we needed workers , and people came '' ) . 
  in this instance , the host countries have a chance to do it right - and it should n't be squandered by giving up immediately and doom and gloom creating a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  bit rich , considering how they 're basically just a less hilly austria, 
  upvote for informed , reasonable post . 
  thanks !, 
   at least not more than for example for bavaria to be part of germany fun fact , the king of bavaria got paid off to become part of germany in 1871 . 
  moderately , yeah . 
  of course misogyny like that is shit - but would it be better for the woman if he 'd stayed in the middle east ? 
  at least in europe , there are legal protections for the women and a broader cultural environment that actively discusses how to fight misogyny . 
  but furthermore , integration happens over generations - later generations rebel and often become better integrated ( though some also reject integration and radicalise ) . 
  the first generations are an opportunity and a chance to win productive members of society , but also to build a much more welcoming environment for muslim women that would be much harder to build in the middle east . 
  and , you know , i personally know several muslims whose relationship with women is fine . 
  mostly through university . 
  so , you know , education and becoming part of the social fabric is what will the broader problem . 
  yerli brothers , founders of crytek, 
  get to the refugees first , win their loyalty with good integration . 
  it 's an entirely solvable problem . 
  yes . 
  and there are many reasons for this , but i 'm pretty sure one of them is racism . 
  from the article :  the agency so far has ** no viable indications that the influx of refugees into germany has included extremists or similar individuals . 
  ** `` at this point , we have had no reliable evidence to suggest that jihadist groups have used the crisis to infiltrate the country through single or groups of individuals , '' maa\u00dfen clarified . 
  it has nothing to do with him, 
   lies lol ok thanks fuzzynut i 'll take your word for it over a un migration specialist  yes yes lets give peter ` undermine national homogeneity ' [ 1 ] sutherland the means to put his ideas into action . 
  he was being selectively quoted , if you 'd bother to read the actual passage :  he told the committee : `` the united states , or australia and new zealand , are migrant societies and therefore they accommodate more readily those from other backgrounds than we do ourselves , who still nurse a sense of our homogeneity and difference from others . 
   and that 's precisely what the european union , in my view , should be doing its best to undermine . '', 
  he 's talking about undermining the hostility to accomodating those from other backgrounds - i.e. 
  arguing for better cultures of integration in order to help migrants become productive , well-accepted members of the social fabric . 
  how are [ any of his 7 suggestions `` idiotic '' ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3m28q0/the_negative_narrative_on_migrants_is_changing/cvbcbty ), 
   when it 's clear that those positions get handed out like that constantly ? 
  it really does n't work like that . 
  think of it as civil service vs. the political government . 
  this guy is civil service . 
  besides , have you read the article ? 
  can you point me to any indications he 's a total moron ? 
  of course it 's grotesque and wrong , but my point that it does n't discredit the author . 
  well , the figures you quote do n't add in the land route . 
  but they also add up to * 74 % * coming from syria , afghanistan or eritrea . 
  and i 'd also wager most of those who are n't refugees but economic migrants are male at a higher proportion than refugees - who might also want to bring their family over once they have asylum . 
  so , you know , it makes the `` only 1 in 5 are refugees '' thing look even more wrong . 
  how is this in any way controversial ? 
   for this example to be successful today , we need to :   1 . 
  set up screening centres in transit countries such as turkey , greece , italy , perhaps tunisia and potentially libya , when conditions permit , with the unhcr and international organisation for migration ( iom ) handling the refugees and migrants . 
  universally agreed procedures to establish refugee status , resettlement and the return to countries of origin of economic migrants should be respected throughout . 
  step up temporary search and rescue capacity in the mediterranean . 
  co-ordinate robust programmes to apprehend people smugglers . 
  negotiate agreements with countries of origin of those determined economic migrants for their safe return and reintegration , where possible . 
  fund these measures on a global level and assist with meeting the costs of primary receiving countries such as lebanon , jordan , turkey and greece , as well as funding more targeted development interventions in the countries of origin . 
  initiate information campaigns aimed at potential asylum seekers and economic migrants , explaining the procedures that are in place and the risks inherent in taking to the roads . 
  change the negative narrative in receiving countries based on social and economic facts . 
  it 's a massive organisation with constituent parts often at odds with each other . 
  shit like that happens , and it 's disgusting , but a lot of very intelligent and capable work for the un . 
  you do realise the un is a * massive * organisation , where its constituent parts are subject to entirely different political struggles and often at at odds with each other ? 
  what about these is so bad ? 
  his suggestions seem very sound to me . 
   for this example to be successful today , we need to :   1 . 
  set up screening centres in transit countries such as turkey , greece , italy , perhaps tunisia and potentially libya , when conditions permit , with the unhcr and international organisation for migration ( iom ) handling the refugees and migrants . 
  universally agreed procedures to establish refugee status , resettlement and the return to countries of origin of economic migrants should be respected throughout . 
  step up temporary search and rescue capacity in the mediterranean . 
  co-ordinate robust programmes to apprehend people smugglers . 
  negotiate agreements with countries of origin of those determined economic migrants for their safe return and reintegration , where possible . 
  fund these measures on a global level and assist with meeting the costs of primary receiving countries such as lebanon , jordan , turkey and greece , as well as funding more targeted development interventions in the countries of origin . 
  initiate information campaigns aimed at potential asylum seekers and economic migrants , explaining the procedures that are in place and the risks inherent in taking to the roads . 
  change the negative narrative in receiving countries based on social and economic facts . 
   most moronic , bleeding heart authors on the planet ahem :  michael m\u00f8ller is director-general of the united nations office in geneva, 
  did you read the bit about the author ? 
   michael m\u00f8ller is director-general of the united nations office in geneva `` bullshit left wing agenda '', 
  they specifically said that * not only syrians * are refugees . 
  also , they quoted un figures , so , ya know . 
   now , considering only 1 in 5 ` refugees ' coming to europe can actually be termed a refugee by un definition , they have even more reason to be anxious . 
  nope , it 's actually more like [ 62 % ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/aug/10/10-truths-about-europes-refugee-crisis ) . 
  most terrorists in europe and the us are n't muslim . 
  ooooh i forgot to translate !, 
  thanks for reminding me, 
  merci based dclauzel * thank you based dclauzel *, 
  no western european bigot gives a shit about that distinction . 
  that 's why they 're bigots . 
  like those chanters calling refugees terrorists . 
  we 're in r/europe . 
  what else was i going to be talking about ? 
  how is the factual observation `` most xenophobes in western countries/europe are white '' racist ? 
  sigh . 
  no i really do n't . 
  i was distracted while writing that reply , and together with genitaliban 's general argument misread his comment to say something along the lines of `` reasoned , extremely precise debate without emotive language is what will fix humanity 's problems , because the greatest obstacle to good is emotive hysteria '' . 
  that is what i now know to be a fallacy . 
  you can tell , i particularly overlooked the words `` lying '' and `` people '' . 
  im sorry for that mistake and the imprecision . 
  hope that clarifies ? 
  holy shit dude , get a life . 
  also i was n't defending lying , i was defending what i said - which is a drastic characterisation , but as i have pointed out , for various reasons one i feel is valid , and obviously not a lie . 
   to even think that you somehow have the license to manipulate others into the `` correct '' position what , tailoring your message for an audience ? 
  that 's rhetoric 101 . welcome to politics . 
  every last bit of it is like that , every last politician you voted for , every last great person you revere . 
  on the other hand , why do you feel so sure that your position is so true ? 
  why are you so arrogant as to believe that you are the guardian of what is the right form of discourse ? 
   regardless of the paint job , you 're all the same and you are what 's holding humanity back . 
  you 'd think that actual human rights abuses borne from rabid nativist nationalism and militaristic ideology vis-a-vis dealing with immigrants that all in all * does actually look a bit bloody fascist if we 're being honest here * would , you know , be worse than `` omg hyperbole is literally killing humanity '', 
  i used to believe that , until i realised nobody cares unless you go for the jugular .
