  people who were attacking muslims at the time it was written but whatever fine nuance is for pussies, 
  guns are literal killing machines though , so their use as a tool has far-reaching consequences . 
  integration courses are standard fare by now though, 
  surely by this point , ukraine ca n't be worth all this for russia anymore , can it ? 
  :( wikileaks has been highly underwhelming the past few years, 
  the daily mail is the fox news of the uk , and regularly spread misleading or false information . 
  oh , and they literally supported hitler back in the 1930s . 
  implement all the recommended measures of the intelligence review - notably centralization of agencies , which the french gov shortly before nice declared not necessary, 
  i disagree . 
  aj is certainly a soft power tool for qatar , but qatar has less of a direct stake in world events than russia . 
  generally , aje has good journalists and produces quality output ( though it * is * biased and should never be taken as an objective viewpoint ) , and is thus good enough to be a source for a different perspective . 
  rt on the other hand is propaganda for * a world power directly involved in events * and has a frequent obvious anti-west agenda , making it a lot less reliable imo . 
  jarvis400 is still correct though , it 's not at all islamist . 
  itt : people who have n't watched the documentary . 
  nobody 's suggesting all brits are racist, 
  `` white british '' is the official term you 're looking for , i believe . 
  class politics has always made british politics a fucking shambles that 's very good at dressing itself up, 
   giving a non accountable organization authority to enforce rules is despotism . 
   so businesses are n't allowed to use the courts any more ? 
  they have no rights ? 
   i have very specific grievances with the corporate legal structure , it 's designed for immortality and infinite growth . 
  there is one other organism that exhibits these characteristics and we call it malicious cancer ok so you 're just spewing words here without any bearing on the real world . 
   wait for people to sort it out them self 's , do n't repeat the mistake of colonialism . 
  colonialism and reasonable trade deals are totally , totally different things . 
  vietnam is implementing proper workers ' rights laws because tpp forces them to . 
  that 's a very naive view . 
  obviously in the west we are very suspicious of corporations and their potential for corruption , but that 's only because corruption is so comparatively rare that we even fundamentally trust that the government generally acts in good faith . 
  other countries do n't have that , and they often fuck over honest businesses . 
  now i 'd be the last to let corporations off the hook , but some form of control mechanisms for countries so that they do n't blatantly undermine the treaty is , in principle , not unjustified . 
  the question is about how much room it leaves for local difference , and how accountable these mechanisms are . 
  afaik , dispute settlement mechanisms are needed in order to not have one state in the treaty suddenly put up protectionist measures that unfairly disadvantages a foreign company , in order to have its cake and eat it too . 
  hence , the ability to hold countries to account on that . 
  ** however , ** i 'm not an expert , and that only explains the principle , not how well-protected from abuse this specific proposal is , which it does n't seem to be judging by the opposition . 
  nah , this is the result of everyone trying to play house of cards , and realising that everyone doing it fucks everything for everyone, 
  conservatives in the us dominate talk radio , which reaches conservative rural areas particularly well ( necessity to drive -  more radio time ) . 
  liberals dominate the comedy circuit ( which is only natural , given that the scene tends to grow in urban centres around college-educated people , both demographics skewing liberal ) . 
  it 's just the way things pan out . 
  also , stop saying `` globalist '' , it makes you sound like an infowars nutcase . 
   there is a reason why you very rarely see comedians among populists . 
  * cough * beppe grillo, 
  watch it , it 's consistently the funniest us satire show . 
  it 's chock full of very clever jokes coming thick and fast , and it always has an informed perspective on things . 
  side note : they also went out of their way to recruit the most diverse writers ' team of a late night show ( iirc ) and the fact they are so fucking funny is just a wonderful slap in the face for douchebags whingeing about how diversity ruining everything, 
  given what they know ? 
  maybe not . 
  but objectively in the grander scheme of things ? 
  totally irrational . 
  yeah that 's what he said, 
  will this appease people ? 
  or would it stoke more resentment ? 
  nope . 
  the uk press is that bad . 
  and that precisely is why the referendum campaign is so bonkers . 
  there was a great poll that showed leave supporters trusted literally nobody , while remainers distrusted journalists but trusted e.g. 
  academics . 
  leave supporters , by this point , are just humanoid confirmation bias . 
   yeah , like how fox news does n't claim to be a news channel , but in actuality a entertainment network so they can get away with tellings lies to its imbecilic audience . 
   fox news ' slogan is literally `` fair and balanced '' . 
  they absolutely claim to be a news network . 
   john oliver does not start his show with the disclaimer `` everything we 're about to present as factual statements are in fact cherry picked bullshit to further our agenda . '', 
  jon stewart was far more objective and respective in his show . 
  oliver ditched that entirely . 
  you 're just upset that he does n't share your view . 
  stewart was full of slant . 
  of course it 's political , but the point of it is to give a funny point of view . 
  it 's not a news show , which should stay objective . 
  us talk radio is political , not objective and has a heavy conservative bent , does anyone give a shit ? 
  you must be fun at parties . 
  really ? 
  it had a particular viewpoint , but it was n't horrendous . 
  i 'm really sick of this fucking meme . 
  the people crying most about it were alt-right pricks , anyway . 
  he does n't claim objectivity like fox news . 
  he 's a comedian , just like jon stewart ... 
  i hear it 's ljub-ly there . 
   the only people who like the eu are the centre . 
  true left and true right both are for out . 
   [ nope . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/jun/20/english-working-class-victims-brexit-vote-false-patriotism ) [ nope . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/jun/20/brexit-cheap-labour-britain-wages-eu-trade-unions ) [ nope . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/jun/20/brexit-fake-revolt-eu-working-class-culture-hijacked-help-elite ) brexit is a right-wing project and will harm the working class . 
   it 's 2016 . 
  travelling around the world is as easy as buying an airplane ticket . 
  [ current year ] replaces all documented migration patterns , got it . 
   yes , it appears we are favouring white immigration and stamping down on non-white immigration . 
  do n't pretend brexit will change anything about this when the leave campaign is full of blatantly racist fearmongering . 
  that 's not what i was talking about in the slightest ? 
  there 's slightly more non-eu immigrants coming to the uk than eu immigrants . 
  that 's just a fact . 
  as for the `` imbalance '' , europe 's on our geographical doorstep , duh . 
  also immigrating from the eu is much easier . 
  of course people from europe are going to be overrepresented . 
  or are we running diversity quotas on immigration ? 
  i thought the right hated that kind of thing ? 
  well , you could actually influence eu policy , instead of just following all the rules without a say . 
  but hey , if it works for you , it works for you . 
  nah it always had a heavy liberal bias ( which is maybe less prominent to europeans , as it just seems `` normal '' ) , but it also attacked democrats , thus maybe giving the impression it was n't slanted . 
  but it 's slanted by worldview , not party . 
  it 's also impossible outside the eu without shooting yourself in the foot . 
  also , non-eu immigration is still higher than eu immigration .
