  nonoe of these places is properly safe , particularly for kurds . 
   and beneficial to business , big and small alike , but not to the people . 
  you 're assuming the refugees will only increase labour supply , not also increased demand for goods - which in turn brings more demand for labour, 
  germany 's population has been shrinking for years m8 , the influx will actually be beneficial in the long run . 
  also , germany has unions and all  fifth of a german national and live 10 to a room . 
  prevent dodgy landlords from doing this , spread refugees around , give them language training , integreate them into communities , give them opportunities with the possibility upward mobility by finding ways of recognising or developing the skills and education they have . 
  all it takes is a will to make it work - which is why an eu-wide mechanism would also be beneficial, 
  spraying them with tear gas and shoving them around with fear and intimidation , sure , that 'll make everyone calm and reasonable, 
   `` refugees '' who are benefits shopping citation fucking needed, 
   they will have to work there too they . 
  want . 
  work . 
   they want to fight if it 's not their way do you seriously believe that if you and your family are fleeing , desperate , and constantly being fucked over 24/7 by the authorities , that you 'd not be incredibly frustrated , would n't distrust the authorities totally , and would n't try to do anything to get to safety ? 
  they were deliberately deceived into being deported to a camp , and you call it a `` temper tantrum '' ? 
  jesus fucking christ , get a hold of yourself . 
  hypothetically , even if they are all economic migrants , the `` economic '' bit should tell you something of what they 're setting out to do : work, 
   are hungarians stopping the flood to germany on purpose yes . 
  they tricked migrants into boarding a train into a detention camp . 
  hungary are rounding them up . 
  fun fact : belgium was literally created as a buffer state . 
  ^ ( they have very nice medieval towns tho , they look like a fairytale with lots of enclaves ), 
  it 's a terrible title that plays right into common tropes of anti-immigration demagogues , but the reporting itself is excellent and a haunting insight into the reality of being a refugee . 
   you do n't see the ones shouting `` alluh akbar '' in hungary it literally just means `` god is great '' . 
  it has no intrinsic connection to terrorism whatsoever . 
   how they throw away food because it is n't `` hallal '' . 
  yeah sorry but would you deport jews seeking refuge because they asked for kosher food in wwii ? 
  would you deport a christian monk for asking for food without meat in the fasting month ? 
  asking someone to abandon all of their faith and culture just because they 're in a shit situation is a dick move  you are importing those crazies as well !, 
  you realise the crazies ' prime destination right now * is * syria/is-controlled territory , right ? 
  einigkeit und recht und freiheit , kinda comes close , right ? 
  the link 's at 65 % approval at the moment - definite stormfront/far-right brigade . 
   we have just accepted hundreds of thousands of migrants last year mostly eu migrants , of whom most had jobs lined up - i.e. 
  economically beneficial migration . 
  the uk did jack shit for refugees . 
   when our social services are already stretched to their limit more accurately , struggling to deal with preposterously harsh and ideological tory cuts . 
   high fives random greek guy * sheds tear while ode to joy plays *, 
  it 's also pretty fucking small-minded, 
   mostly uneducated . 
  not the syrian ones , they 're largely middle-class, 
  yeah , but people are trying to decontextualise it and imply that it is a sign of islamic empires being * just as bad as western european ones * , when in fact it is , in historical context , a sign of a more progressive and tolerant society than western europe . 
  which , as you say , is n't hard , but people are trying to downplay exactly what you 're describing . 
  not to say the ottoman empire is totally a shining beacon of being good or anything , but people are desperately trying to go all `` why do people blame white people for empires look at those guys '' and are abusing history to remain ignorant of history . 
  ... a whole bunch of european countries at some point expelled the jews . 
  the jizya is super-progressive in comparison . 
  what do those sentences mean ? 
  [ the book you 're quoting has been widely criticised as going far beyond the scientific consensus , dude . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/a_troublesome_inheritance#reception ) [ quoting a letter signed by 144 academics : `` we are in full agreement that there is no support from the field of population genetics for wade 's conjectures . 
  '' ] ( https://cehg.stanford.edu/letter-from-population-geneticists ) and [ here 's ] ( http://investigativegenetics.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/2041-2223-5-14 ) a more in-depth takedown of the book by one of the signatories . 
  tl ; dr your source overstates genetic difference in order to validate a preconceived , biased narrative of racial difference, 
  short answer : not in western europe about 60 years ago . 
  actual answer : first off , many black americans do n't look at all like people from sub-saharan africa , many people having inter-racial marriage in their family line . 
  even barring that , astoundingly many black people bear the traces of rape by slave owners in their dna . 
  but to your actual question : that depends on how you define europe , which is an absurdly political and complicated question . 
  does it include spain ( pre-reconquista ? 
  post-reconquista ? 
  ) , italy ( particularly southern italy was historically a big melting pot of mediterranean culture ) , greece , turkey ? 
  does the historic ottoman empire - that reached vienna at one point - count ? 
  many people from all of those countries generally are more swarthy than germans , scandinavians , brits , french people etc. 
  but even in france , that varies from south to north !, 
  `` looks '' are a terrible way of telling what `` race '' people are , because race really is n't totally about that - it 's more about creating a sense of self-identity , creating an opposition to what you yourself are , rather than creating a coherent taxonomy of peoples . 
  further , in this case the medieval idea of europe as western christendom is incredibly influential in the creation of what constitutes `` white '' or not . 
  turks would be far more likely to be viewed as more different than , say , greeks , purely on the basis of historical association of the ottoman empire with the threat of islam , or rather : the traces islamic culture left in turkish culture , that appear far more foreign to people in western europe . 
   the police presence in heidenau varied . 
  despite the large scale public order situation , the police took the strategic decision to protect the refugee center alone . 
  the racist mob was allowed to do as they pleased , no one was arrested and there were no consequences except for one use of tear gas . 
  the policing recalls that in rostock/liechtenhangen in 1992 , where a large racist mob also attacked a refugee center whilst the police refused to escalate their tactics or call in sufficient reinforcements . 
    in contrast to this , the antifascist demonstration in heidenau was accompanied by a huge number of police and ended brutally with antifascists being pushed back to the train station really quick . 
  several activists were hurt or injured by pepper spray and physical attacks . 
  it clearly shows , who the real enemy for the police in saxony is . 
  jesus christ , this is so vile . 
  race is a bullshit construct - whether someone 's `` white '' or not in a western culture depends on whether society and/or racists want to accept the `` other '' as part of their social body as much as the `` other '' people 's skin colour , most of the time . 
  jews were n't considered white among 19th-20th century antisemites in germany , or working-class irish immigrants to the us were n't considered properly `` white '' ( i.e. 
  wasp or dutch-protestant or the like ) . 
  in that context , turks were often considered a foreign culture during turkish immigration to germany ( which was often working-class labourers moving for better opportunities ) , and were and still sometimes are the subject of racist abuse or attacks there . 
  so , in a lot of contexts : no . 
  you 're thinking of it in the british paradigm , which is a a bad comparison in this case . 
  the uk has been a continuous monarchy for centuries , and it includes its peak period of colonialism , which only ended in the mid-20th century . 
  turkey today is the product of a decisive rupture in the early 20th century . 
  the ottoman empire died with wwi . 
  [ kemal atat\u00fcrk ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/history/historic_figures/ataturk_kemal.shtml ) is revered as the founder of what turkey is now , from what i 've heard , and he founded it on nation-state , secular ideals . 
  similarly , germany identifies itself much more strongly as a republic ( and deals with that side of history ) rather than the legacy of an empire these days . 
  it 's misleading . 
  most people can speak german there , it 's just that there are lots of ethnic communities concentrated there , too . 
  neuk\u00f6lln is basically a multicultural shoreditch now - very hip , getting gentrified . 
  before the nearby airport closed , it had cheap rents , thus was a place where a lot of immigrants went ( or had lived for decades ) , but since it closed , students and the like started moving in , who all enjoy the local turkish or arabic food places . 
  you 're missing out freedom of movement in the eu . 
  loads of hipsters who are n't really that highly-skilled from the uk move to berlin to escape london prices, 
  the headline 's misleading dude , the article 's not really about long-term assimilation, 
  tbf , a bunch of them probably have relatives living somewhere or only know western european languages . 
  giving people incentives to integrate ( language courses , encouragement to join local social life like sports etc ) would help keep the distribution even, 
  `` superior foreigners '' ? 
  jesus christ , get a hold of yourself . 
  they 're just normal people ffs, 
  oh lol i thought you were a sensible person who realised that cost of living is a big part of life but no you 're just indulging in racist fantasies of the evil foreigners destroying our british way of life, 
   600k fled london in a decade due to house prices . 
  you realise that 's moneyed interests using property as an investment that 's driven house prices and rents up , right ? 
  there 's also foreign investors among those spending exorbitant amounts buying up the real estate , mostly russian and from the arabian peninsula , but those are the ones farage et al would keep - because they 're educated and , most of all , obscenely rich . 
  the migration of ordinary workers from the commonwealth or the eu has , in comparison , very little impact on house prices . 
  it 's no more a factor than , say , the restriction of the green belt . 
  and it 's also probably much less of a factor than lack of infrastructure spending and right-to-buy allowing the sell-off of council houses to moneyed interests as property investment , etc.
