   but a work-free comfortable life in their favorite destination no they do n't , they demand * the opportunity to work * . 
  how is it * any * different from `` gloria in excelsis deo '' ? 
  no , because it was lifted from a different culture and had no prior established connotations in german society . 
  unlike allah akhbar , which is a well-established thing in arabic and among * all * muslims . 
  tagesschau is german public media , fyi, 
   i think the crux in that complaint is the implication of believing them without evidence . 
  well , i take it to mean as `` take rape victims seriously '' -- not reversal of presumption of innocence . 
  e.g. , lawyers in court use bullshit defenses like `` she slept with him before ! '', 
  or `` she slept around , she 's promiscuous ! '', 
  or `` he 's a guy , when can guys ever be raped ?! '', 
  and * they work * because people have no real idea what rape is beyond stereotypes of lone stranger in the dark etc. 
  in that light , believing rape victims - or rather , * taking them seriously * - is crucial . 
  in court/law though , the presumption of innnocence is obviously untouchable . 
   what makes these cases so infuriating is that there were mountains of evidence . 
  like , you know , bleeding from just being raped . 
  yeah , absolutely . 
  just utterly vile . 
  `` immigrant '' does not mean ethnic minority . 
  a ) he might be the son or grandson of immigrants . 
  migration to germany has been going on for decades . 
  b ) it 's also quite likely he came over well before the current wave of immigration . 
  i 'm saying this because op is arguing that * this wave * of immigration is the cause of this heinous crime , and more immigration will lead to a proliferation of it because * these * immigrants are predisposed to child abuse or something . 
  which is instrumentalising this crime for bullshit xenophobic agendas . 
   it 's on file that it happened in the rotherham/oxford/etc . 
  cases . 
  ok thanks , did n't catch that . 
   and also cases of girls walking into the police office - one of them even bleeding from her vagina - and being turned away . 
  uuuuuggghhh that case just makes me sick to no end . 
  * and people complain that feminists are bullshitting when they say people need to believe rape victims more . 
  *  if you ask me , heads should roll . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , all officers involved are complicit in mass child rape . 
  oh , absolutely . 
   you are being an apologist for heinous crimes and activities that are the reason their homelands are the religious hellish places they are . 
  you do realise the syrian refugees are * fleeing * isis , right ? 
  and that us invasion in iraq had a lot to do with isis becoming a problem ? 
  also , i 'm not apologising for crimes , i 'm just pointing out that your assertion that one case = all muslims are migrants are child rapists is total bullshit . 
   so the showering of benefits , free housing , and love will magically make them great law-abiding citizens , that 's a no-brainer , huh ? 
  who said benefits was the answer ? 
  give them work permits and opportunities for housing and mandatory integration courses - e.g. 
  learning language , customs , political and judicial system , etc. 
  and yes , that is a no-brainer . 
   so im saying you , its arab muslim , mark my words , if they will ever release who was the attacker you will see . 
  sure , it 's highly likely ( assuming that `` north african '' was accurate ) . 
  but is he going to be a migrant ? 
  not necessarily . 
  tsubouchi was jumping to conclusions to fit a racist bias - he was implying that the refugees are just coming to europe to `` rape our children '' ( most csa , btw , happens in the family - it 's not even criminologically accurate to assume that `` evil migrants '' are the biggest danger to child safety ) . 
   can you quote me where i said that ? 
  thanks it 's tsubouchi 's implication , i assumed you were defending the general sentiment of it . 
  i apologise if not . 
   and the riot over the q'uran pages in a refugee camp ? 
  the camp was hellishly overcrowded , and the officials blamed it on that , iirc . 
   and the rapes in the camps ? 
  any significant amount of people grouped in a place will have crimes committed - particularly among a vulnerable population where their options for justice are limited . 
  it 's far too soon to determine whether or not culture-specific causes ( as opposed to gender balance , conditions , vulnerability , lack of law enforcement ) are the main factor here . 
   and that turk vs. new kurdish refugees fight in frankfurt ? 
  where did it say it was new kurdish refugees ? 
  large numbers of both groups already exist in germany , and it 's likely to be people who 've lived there a while . 
   but i 'm sure if we just shower everyone with houses and love give people stable conditions to live in and integrate them into the social fabric and they will become law-abiding citizens , yes . 
  that 's a no brainer . 
   you 're awesome for defending them . 
  i 'm not defending any criminal here - they need to face retribution . 
  it 's just that you 're extrapolating without anywhere near sufficient evidence to do so , and your proposed solutions do nothing to help the victims of the crimes . 
  you realise migration to germany goes back several generations , right ? 
  he could feasibly be 2nd or 3rd generation . 
  also , there are north african christians . 
  there are also north african people who are nominally muslim but do n't actually believe in it . 
  there 's a good chance he might be muslim - but we do n't know , and you 're immediately jumping from `` a child was raped by a dark-skinned man '' to `` all immigrants are muslims , who are all * recent * immigrants , who are only coming over here to rape our children '' . 
  which is bullshit . 
  again , literally nothing in the video shows the person is either a migrant or a muslim . 
  further , there have been plenty of north african people - as well as people of north african descent - in germany prior to this years ' refugee crisis . 
  and , again , one case is not indicative of a tendency or trend among a group of people . 
  of course the disgusting , scum of the earth rapist needs to be found and punished . 
  it 's just that the instrumentalisation of this for an anti-migrant agenda is bullshit . 
  tbh this rejection of mandatory quotas but acceptance of voluntary relocation just stinks of bruised political egos more than anything else, 
  holy shit , this is disgusting . 
   where fathers are stopped by the law enforcement from getting their daughters out of the rape rings . 
  iirc , the families of many of the girls were pretty broken , so i doubt that would 've happened . 
  one case , and no info whatsoever beyond his appearance - not his religion , not when he migrated , or if he even is a migrant as opposed to 2nd generation ... you really have no evidence to tie this case to the current refugee crisis unless it 's part of an observable , statistically significant pattern . 
   you say to him `` you can buy a lot with that money there '' , i did n't mean that at all . 
  i said you can buy * more , * not * a lot . 
  *  you think a poor person in bulgaria is the same as a poor person in the uk . 
  you are wrong . 
  people that live on the minimum in bulgaria are far worse relative to their country than the uk equivalent . 
  that 's not what the argument 's about though - odinzeus is arguing that basically all of bulgaria 's so poor , they 're equivalent to the uk poor and that poverty thus ca n't explain deprived uk neighbourhood 's crime rates , which is simplistic and wrong , because it fails to account for the higher cost of living in the uk for one and the social effects of poverty relative to the rest of the country , which lead to exclusion and crime , regardless of ethnicity - it 's just that a larger proportion of black people in the uk tend to be in poor areas . 
  the poverty line in the uk is 100 pounds * per week . 
  * in euros , that 's 136 $ / week . 
  per month , it 's 590 $ . 
  you see the difference ? 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  i 'm only responding to what he said . 
  he specifically said :  i live with 200 euro per month , besides , poverty relative to the rest of society is what fosters social exclusion , not less income in absolute terms or lack of access to luxury goods . 
  the mirror is n't anti-immigration . 
  it 's populist in the sense of its tone , not the politics . 
   right-wing nonsense because this is the mirror the mirror is left-wing, 
  try and live a non-squalid life on 200 $ / month in london . 
  hint : it 's below the poverty line . 
  you ca n't . 
  yeah sure , but not having an iphone is not poverty . 
  not having enough to pay rent/buy food is - and that 's the kind of poverty that causes social exclusion and a host of other social problems . 
  the threshold for that is much lower in bulgaria than in the uk - thus , comparing absolute numbers of poor people 's income in the uk vs income in bulgaria is a totally irrelevant comparison if you want to measure poverty .
