  but what isis personnel look like is an entirely different matter , and just attacking either [ is ' niche brand of islam , ] ( http://www.lettertobaghdadi.com/ ) saudi arabia 's inspiration to radical islam , or basically all of islam , is not enough to explain why or prevent people joining terrorist organisations . 
  the people in belgium were mostly poor petty criminals-turned-radical islam , they went from non-religious straight into a niche sect and usually have little knowledge of the quran . 
  other recruits , like the teenage girls from london , are groomed the way sects and cults exploit young people 's insecurities . 
  [ in syria and iraq , many is recruits do it for economic reasons , ] ( http://www.thenation.com/article/what-i-discovered-from-interviewing-isis-prisoners/ ) particularly in iraq because the us invasion left a power void and desperate cirrcumstances for poor people needing stability . 
  \\  `` i was opposing death penalty ! '', 
  \\  `` carrying out the collective responsibility of the ummat '' among shitty fake apologies , this is a beautiful specimen . 
  well , there 's two kinds of people : those whose favourite bands include gy!be , and those who 've never heard of them . 
  [ m ` ladic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxdf9uhvri0 ), 
  well , donald trump did advocate war crimes . 
  he called for * families * of terrorists to be * killed . 
   death to european dogs !, 
  most of the attackers are born and grow up in europe . 
  besides , ever thought * why * people radicalise ? 
  and about how to prevent it ? 
  there are many causes , and prominent among them are socioeconomic ones . 
  blaming radicalism for radicalism is a meaningless truism . 
  to put it in context : no chernobyls possible . 
  and fukushima 's damage amounted to radiation and a hydrogen explosion . 
  nobody died of those two causes in fukushima . 
  also iirc , nuclear power plants are built to resist plane impact etc. 
  dude , you totally forget that western christendom murdered/expelled/forced converted/heavily restricted the occupation and living areas of jews on a regular basis in the same timeframe . 
  the islamic world 's jizya system was downright progressive in comparison . 
   the u.k. needs to defend the falklands . 
  that 's not an issue any more . 
  i highly doubt they 're under any direct threat at the moment . 
   germany hates fighting , true , but they went into afghanistan . 
  they 'd sign up for a defensive common policy at the least , i 'm guessing . 
   so this is the case here ? 
  i guess we 'll never know because some informations ca n't be published . 
   just saw an article on vice 's motherboard , apparently it 's likely to be a homebrew explosive like in paris , where the difficulty is not in getting the ingredients , but the synthesising the explosive without blowing yourself up . 
  and expertise can travel over the internet . 
   they 're rationalising it , some terrorist atacks can be also `` rational '' at least because of separatism , even if they 're directed usually against civillians , but in this case ... ? 
  the only `` reason '' is heavy islamic brainwashing . 
  well , i 'm guessing it 's an isis show of power . 
  they seem to be trying to establish `` franchise '' cells in order to show more power and provoke more fighters to join their ( failing ) cause in syria , as well as scaring off western countries from intervention . 
   you just described all our politicians for the last 50 years ... hey man , obama has consistently been trying to make people understand complexity , give him * some * credit ... 
  well anti-eu sentiment has made common defence policy pretty difficult, 
   somehow i doubt that you can get weapons and explosives that easy , you forget about the weapons from the balkan wars flooding the black market  this is also relevant , it 's not just another criminal case with `` rational '' , egoist reasons . 
  while terrorist ideology is a catalyst , there are also rational reasons for joining that ideology . 
  it 's not like people magically jump to isis at the first behest, 
  does that mean `` on welfare '' ? 
  does this refer to receiving benefits of any kind or jobless and 100 % dependent on welfare for income ? 
  well i 'm happy about nigerians immigrating to the uk anyway , they helped give us the national treasure that is richard ayoade . 
  really ? 
  i know some uk somalis , pretty decent people . 
  to be fair , i met them at university , so that might skew the demographic a bit . 
   the multiculturalist notion of culture is peculiar . 
   merkel famously declared multiculturalism as failed . 
  she 's all for assimilation . 
  thanks !, 
  awesome , thanks for the clarification !, 
  to be fair , polish nazi collaborators had a hand in making the genocide happen . 
  but that 's part of a different discussion altogether and to also be fair , a fuckton of victims and opponents were also polish . 
  historical donald trump is far more hilarious than it has any right to be . 
  schei\u00dfepfost = literal translation of shitpost . 
  german chan culture is weird . 
  not necessarily , it mostly needs better turnout modelling and better access to young people who are unlikely to pick up landline calls . 
   ( media representation vs actual political campaign are two almost entirely seperate things , sadly ) yeah , definitely . 
  trump is presented as a moderate on healthcare , when in fact his website advocates for standard gop fare post-obamacare , which is a totally unworkable solution . 
  he 's a fascist in public and a less religious ted cruz in private , essentially . 
   in case you speak some german , it 's really close to this mockup : except that meme is really not true . 
  the afd * are * that reactionary . 
  they demand to ban mention of homosexuality in schools . 
  they want to abolish minimum wage , which will hurt women most . 
  they want to tighten abortion laws . 
  even if you totally agree with their refugee policy , the rest of their programme should be enough to never vote for them . 
  i dunno , a core ideological tenet is anti-nuclear power , and the greens essentially won that battle . 
  they 're not universally embraced , but their ideological component has had some influence, 
  at least one country where we can trust the polls . 
  are you serious ? 
  the afd are essentially a cross between trump and ted cruz , to put it in us terms . 
  beyond their refugee policy , their reactionary stances are out of step with a lot of german society . 
   shit happened in england on another scale , did n't it ? 
   different kind of grooming . 
  i think most victims were well aware that they were being raped , unlike this girl who seems to have had some sort of stockholm syndrome . 
   something like a thousand girls getting fucked by muslims over a decade and nobody interfired because it would make the muslims look bad . 
  tbh i think that 's been abused as a shitty excuse to some extent - authorities were actually * complicit * in the abuse , while other authorities just flat-out disbelieved victims cause they thought girls lie all the time etc. 
  it 's ( nearly ) the same argument germany uses to ban far-right and far-left parties . 
  it 's a heavily biased opinion article written by * the * most prominent anti-eu campaigner , who has written pro-eu in the past and is generally accepted to be campaigning to leave the eu in order to win the conservative party leadership . 
  ignore it , it 's likely bullshit . 
  still committed the first genocide of the 20th century , though . 
  i feel that it 's important to stress that fact , it 's too easy to drift into apologism when talking about colonialism . 
  also , you know , economic developments , sluggish spanish administrative and economic structure , continual disruption of said dominant adverseries via covert operations , ... what i 'm saying is there are a lot of strong naval countries , the uk did n't grow a monstrous empire just by having to swim a lot . 
   the implication that people face a choice between eu federalism and world war 3 is ridiculous and insulting . 
  it is ridiculous and insulting , if that actually were the choice . 
  eu federalism is not the only pro-eu option . 
  the choice is between staying in and keeping the eu together in some shape or form with its basic tenets intact , or world war 3 . 
  the choice is clear . 
   it speaks to a mindset i 've seen all too often from the people at the top of the eu - that they 're the adults in the room who have to arm-twist the masses into doing the `` right thing '' , because the population is dangerously dumb and must therefore be manipulated into submission . 
  to be fair , the europhobes * are * the children in the room , manipulated into submission by hysterical daily mail scare stories and ukip nonsense . 
   lots of eurosceptics have visited wargraves , many of them still like the different european countries and wish them success and happiness . 
   the road to hell , etc. 
  besides , `` wishing other countries happiness '' is not the same as pan-european solidarity and real political will to never allow it to happen again . 
  which is to say , it 's not even close to enough . 
   not all wars and / or wargraves are in europe , and nor has there necessarily been war for a long time . 
  eg japan , korea and china have not had war since 1945 ( not inc korean civil war ) despite not being in any kind of federated or confederated super state , or even very friendly . 
  totally beside the point . 
  also , they were on opposite sides of the cold war - them going to war with each other would 've meant another world war , which was a massive deterrence . 
  juncker 's point is about * intra - * eu wars , not war along cold war fault lines . 
   the absence of war in europe post 1945 - 1990 is to do with nuclear deterrence , nato , the dominance of the usa and the cold war - not the eu .
