   and the bizarre notion that we should rule ourselves . 
  you do know the uk does rule itself , right ? 
  and the bullshit about `` all our laws come from brussels '' is mostly reimplementation of widely-agreed upon standards for trading and such ? 
   yes , they look at what it has done to our large cities and think ' i do n't want ~ ~ that ~ ~ foreigners or ethnic minorities here ' . 
  fixed that for you . 
   death penalty for apostasy is barbaric yes , but ...  why are we letting those barbarians into our continent ? 
  right , who are `` those barbarians '' ? 
  the muslims ? 
  the somalis ? 
  the poor brown people ? 
  who is `` we '' ? 
  how did we make it `` our '' continent ? 
  can anyone even `` own '' a continent ? 
  forgive me if i 'm mistaken , but your broad sweeping statement sounds a lot like `` we 're civilisation , and we 're being invaded by those muslamic hordes '' , which is standard fare for stormfront rhetoric . 
  and it 's a fact they use this sub for recruitment drives . 
   colonization-size forced immigration for decades in ussr that was with russians while it was under russian control , though . 
  the current refugee crisis is not a power play in the same vein  record-high support towards eurosceptics mainly due to immigration crisis . 
  uk ` euroscepticism ' is much older than that , and comes from isolationist tendencies and a rabidly right-wing press . 
  most anti-immigration sentiment is in areas with basically no immigration , and the anti-immigration party ukip 's main goal is leaving the eu to heavily restrict intra-eu migration . 
  the current refugee crisis is just something all of those tendencies are latching onto . 
  fuck back off to stormfront, 
  i can confirm / u/mielove 's sentiment somewhat - in baden-w\u00fcrttemberg , there 's a relatively small contingent of dedicated fascists associated ( or formerly associated ) with pegida going around . 
  it 's a dedicated part of the fringe far-right scene doing these attacks , not normal people . 
  extended family probably, 
  nuance is important , but it does n't preclude strong conclusions ... are you referring to the refugee crisis in general , or to this kind of news story ? 
  cause in the latter case , it 's unambiguously neo-nazi groups at work here, 
  property prices are heavily driven by property speculation though , it 's not just a lot people wanting to live there, 
  `` not white '' does * not * mean `` not british '', 
  bullshit , they 're bigots edit : and so are you , ukip prick, 
  i think that 's just his face and general grumpy demeanour, 
  only in his torture chamber, 
  i think the word is `` fascist '' edit : not for this alone , but for the sum of all the increasing restrictions like it and the militarism etc, 
  like the parisian banlieues ? 
  given tsipras ' last red line - at least last i read - was keeping debt relief , it might actually be kicking a smaller , more crushable can down the road . 
  hopefully . 
  if that metaphor still works . 
  going to nitpick a bit here cause i do n't have much time atm , sorry . 
  but anyway :  the privileged in greek society -- this includes union workers/retires and public sector workers -- do n't want to give up anything , even if it destroys their country . 
  being unionised does n't intrinsically make you privileged - wealth does . 
  of which pensioners and union ( particularly blue-collar ) workers are likely not to actually have that much . 
  also : that vf article is good , but does n't capture all of the larger picture that 's relevant here . 
  syriza is asking for a more realistic debt burden and stimulus of a demand-crisis economy , not for mob rule and burning banks . 
  also wtf @ burning the people to death, 
  bit rich for someone from new jersey, 
  that 's too black-and-white . 
  i 'm not saying debts per se * should n't * be paid back , i 'm saying there 's a point at which demanding debts becomes an absurd exercise in cruelty - which economically speaking , the current * level * of debt in greece is . 
   creditors will just trust that they 'll try to hit the 3 % surplus . 
  i do n't see how greece would * not * try to do that ? 
  they 've capitulated to loads of policy demands , and it 's not like they 're resisting a healthier economy ( which leads to greater tax income , etc ) . 
   that 's the whole point of negotiation - bending it to your interest . 
  both sides are doing it . 
  in a negotiation , you barter over a give and take - but imo germany is pushing for being able to totally dictate what greece does . 
  it 's flat-out ignoring structural problems in the single currency and greece 's austerity failure in order to protect its economic interests , rather than just being `` a concerned lender '' . 
  have you even been paying attention ? 
  greece is asking for a debt reduction by a certain amount , not a total amnesty . 
  and many economists - including the imf - agree that that is 100 % what 's necessary to get greece solvent again . 
  besides , financial debt does * not * equate to moral debt - it never has . 
  the lender * always * takes the risk of not being paid back , and has to accept that . 
  that 's why interest exists - to offset that . 
  our society has abolished debtor 's prisons precisely for the reason that debt ruining the debtor is cruel , unjust and fundamentally ignorant of the degree to which it makes sense to enforce it . 
  [ the intro to this spells it out better than i can . 
  ] ( https://libcom.org/files/__debt__the_first_5_000_years.pdf ) the book has its flaws , but it 's a good primer in how to think differently and in less dominant/shitty terms about debt . 
  you 're totally mixing up negotiating politics with policy , yo . 
  nobody even signed a deal they could possibly have then refused to implement - the arguments about `` trust '' are bullshit . 
  if anything can be said about trust , germany - or rather , sch\u00e4uble - has shown they are not to be trusted to actually be serious about negotiating anything other then bending to their interests . 
   thus , we now have harsh proposals which wish to ensure that the bailout funds are n't just digging a deeper hole . 
  they are going to fuck greece 's economy and leave the creditors better off . 
  this is not aid , this is revenge . 
  you do realise most of the last bailout went to paying back debt ? 
  and that the argument many economists are making is that the debt is fundamentally unsustainable ? 
  and that easing austerity is crucial to get greece functioning as an economy again ? 
  which are all ** fundamental ** prerequisites for the problem of `` how do we get them to pay debt '' . 
  like , seriously , it 's not an issue of a deadbeat kid , macroeconomics is far more complex than that . 
  it 's not comparable . 
  i mean , if you have an economic argument against syriza-proposed economics and debt relief while simultaneously keeping greece afloat , be my guest , but bear in mind giving countries generous loans , if done right , can work - ask west germany in the 1950s and the marshall plan . 
  he had a mandate to fight tooth and nail against austerity . 
  it was pretty fucking transparent to anyone with half a brain what tsipras wanted . 
  `` trust '' is a code word for `` not our neoliberal pal '' , basically . 
  ... in order to sustain an economy that can actually pay it back without leaving people starving and totally fucked . 
  this * is * true , but it was still like they were too cheap to get parov stelar-level quality , so they hired some kid to shit something out with reason and a bunch of presets , and slapped some singers from x-factor onto it . 
  which is exactly what happened . 
  also , it contained the line `` you 're bound to get sneezes / or nasty diseases '' . 
  it 's a fucking travesty . 
  parov stelar is crying right now, 
  germany did n't deserve this . 
  the uk did . 
  actually a good point . 
  that said , belgium 's song * was * fantastic and better than russia 's , imo . 
  no yours * runs away *, 
  sure , but broadsheets usually have standards in their reporting , and usually it 's mostly selection bias , not disingenuous hack jobs . 
  the telegraph has totally abandoned that in recent years . 
  biased hack job . 
  the telegraph have really destroyed all credibility they ever had . 
  you 're just replacing one insufficient blanket explanation for another with that . 
  sure , you can contrast `` political islam '' with assumed `` secular western democracy '' ( even though many countries do n't fully implement secularism , e.g. 
  germany mentions god in the constitution and state-funds churches ) , but with that you 've created a description only useful for your purposes , not for actual analysis of the situation . 
  the term tells you nothing about ethnic conflicts , sectarian faultlines , colonialism and anticolonialism , the legacy of the ussr and arab socialism , the holocaust and israel , which are all the key factors in shaping today 's political landscape in the middle east . 
  the sincere or insincere adoption of religious legitimation for political philosophy as well as claims to political power ) is shaped and molded by those historical forces . 
  it 's * not * a homogenous entity , nor a trend that 's adequately described by one abstract term . 
  beyond a belief in islam and a rejection of secularism , the revolutionary guard has nothing to do with isis , who in turn have nothing to do with the muslim brotherhood .
