  oh :( well i guess that 's what the cultural exchange with r/europe is for ... 
  hey mexico !, 
  all i know about mexico comes from the one time i watched y tu mama tambien , how realistic a portrayal of mexico is this ? 
  is going on roadtrips with older spanish women a rite of passage for all teenage boys there ? 
  they were not painful , they were monstrous . 
  they were not necessary , they were fucking stupid . 
  the economy rebounded not because of them but in spite of them , at a painfully slow rate . 
  r/brealism m8, 
  nah , being misled by media lies is n't any of those you listed - for example , people * drastically * overestimate levels of eu immigration , and * drastically * overestimate costs vs benefits of it . 
  does n't make them right . 
  also , libertarians are none of the above , just ideologically pro-brexit . 
  it 's lexit specifically that 's particularly delusional , because they should know far better . 
   your reasoning just implies that that whatever the `` western countries '' do is automatically justified because they 're good people . 
  i 'm not at all talking in moral terms or justification or whatever . 
  i 'm talking about rationale . 
  of course putin/assad have rationale . 
  in a lot of ways , i think it 's strongly arguable that they are demonstrably less scrupulous than the west in terms of achieving their goals . 
  but when talking about rationale , that 's irrelevant . 
  they 're not from the highest offices calling for it to be eradicated from the map , which is something . 
  there 's different subgroups among brexiters : * people materially affected by migration . 
  they 're genuine , have good reasons , but they 're rare . 
  unpersuadable , totally genuine in their support , but most people do n't share their ideology . 
  decent people , awful politics . 
  * lexiters . 
  delusional . 
  this is who i was mostly aiming my comment at . 
  * xenophobes and racists . 
  awful people , awful politics . 
  * nationalistic tories . 
  some more opportunistic than others , but either way they 're exploiting and encouraging the xenophobes and racists ' tone-setting . 
  * people affected by economic decline , but not materially affected by migration . 
  confused about the role of immigration and the eu , encouraged by the above groups to believe that leaving the eu will end their systemic neglect by politics . 
  it wo n't . 
  some have nationalistic tendencies . 
  these are the people who 're slowly learning that no , the nhs wo n't get an extra 350m/week . 
  they 're unstable one-trick ponies depending on rich people avoiding paying their fair share . 
  and many of them are already uk crown dependencies , i.e. 
  they lack full nation-state infrastructure . 
  this is what brexiters want , everyone . 
  after years of cuts , the uk still voted david cameron in with a new majority . 
  as long as the snp is politically toxic in england , there will be no change in direction and the tories are free to turn the uk into a tax haven hellhole . 
  chief exec of the german equivalent of news corp - large , influential right-wing agenda-driven media company . 
  true , but they 're still hostile towards israel , so the us absolutely ca n't formally build alliances with them . 
  the region is changing fast and things will realign probably , yeah , but my point is mainly just that there 's a rationale for supporting saudi arabia , it 's not like the west actually loves them or anything . 
  seriously ? 
  all the article is saying is that far-right extremists are playing the respectability game and do n't look like skinheads . 
  we 're talking about politicians ' perspective and reasoning here . 
  who committed more evil is irrelevant to this geopolitical calculation . 
  this is about `` who do we support so that our interests do n't get fucked over '' , not `` who will history frown upon most '' . 
  if the uk stops selling arms to sa , sa is less dependent and looks for allies elsewhere . 
  keeping sa close is crucial to us and uk preserving a foothold and influence in the region , as well as pushing back against iran and their anti-israel tendencies . 
  it 's just bad diplomacy to stop selling arms to them , it would make the uk 's entire geopolitical strategy fall apart . 
  seriously guys , do you really think western countries support saudi arabia for fun ? 
  i never said the shah was legitimate , i 'm just saying his western backing made the new theocratic government define itself in opposition to the west . 
  iran 's government is awful in many ways , but it has legitimate reason to hate and be wary of the west . 
  also , they hate israel and want to undermine it at every point , an absolute red line for the us . 
  the arms sales came after the alliance . 
  no , it has to do with being a theocratic anti-west , anti-isreal government that came to power by toppling a western-imposed government . 
   because the saudi 's ca n't do anything wrong according to our politicians . 
   that 's not the issue . 
  the issue is sunni-shia balance of power , and the fact saudi hosts western bases and cooperates with the west , while iran is generally hostile . 
  neoliberalism is right-wing . 
  it has nothing to do with left politics . 
  [ `` cultural marxism '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/frankfurt_school#cultural_marxism_conspiracy_theory ) is a bullshit conspiracy theory that originated among the far-right . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  you do n't get to unilaterally redefine words with well-defined meanings . 
  you seem to think `` neoliberal '' is left-wing . 
  it emphatically is n't . 
   outside that , nothing of interest ever happens here . 
   yeah but it 's * pretty . 
  * also you have , um , 2 castles and a bunch of sheep ? 
  that ice cream place in peel ? 
  endless fun , clearly . 
  also german bombers killed a frog in ww2 !, 
  you do n't know what `` neoliberal '' means , pal . 
   `` deport everybody to their ` original homeland ' '' ? 
  what , deport all humanoids to africa ? 
  i 'm fucking dying he picks the shards from his bloodied hand, 
  i do n't know what i love more , the shitty slow mo with the repeated scream , or the glaring continuity errors and totally inappropriate sound effects . 
  holy shit , is that actually real ? 
  oh yeah obviously , was talking about german tv in general . 
  but even the german crime series are mostly shitty and generic imo . 
  stick to nordic ones . 
  esperanza cheated on mustafa with a kebab ... ? 
  can confirm , german soap operas are fucking atrocious . 
  as is most of german tv , really . 
  ^ ( except deutschland 83 go watch it ), 
  how could you * dramatically flips hair and storms out *, 
  because you know , they 're the * french *, 
   they are almost entirely male . 
   something like 70 % , yeah , but that 's not quite almost entirely . 
   by illegally trying to enter the uk , they are by definition , criminals . 
  yeah that 's useless throwing that around . 
  i 've committed piracy , so have you probably , by definition we 're criminals . 
  someone committing violent assault , rape , theft that is not petty , etc , that 's what makes someone a `` criminal '' criminal . 
   almost all of the males are of fighting age . 
  so am i. 
  so are you . 
  we do n't want to be caught up in some awful power struggle between a psycho chemical weapons using dictator and jihadi psychopaths , either . 
   while ignoring the pleas of working class people in her own community .
