  also they do n't go for terror attacks iirc , they tend to attack the turkish state . 
  i highly doubt it is them . 
   it ca n't be more relevant when you have to go back and put a line through your comment , that 's not the part i was putting a line through . 
   but when you say the vast majority of the uk 's trade is with the eu - it 's less than 8 % , again - domestic trade was n't ever up for debate here . 
  we 're talking about overseas trade , both the person i answered to and me . 
   it is called ceta , and yes we are all well aware . 
  the eu negotiates a lot of things and they very often fail , which is why switzerland has been outperforming the eu in this regard . 
  also ceta is n't a normal free trade deal , it 's much more than that - and if you can throw your mind back to voting against acta ? 
  because in part of the secrecy surrounding ceta we have whistleblowers saying that tracts of acta introduced into ceta and bundled up to circumvent the preexisting democratic rejection . 
  yeah , true . 
  it is shit , i was just pointing out it exists . 
   which will go absolutely nowhere because we 're both signatories of the wto . 
  what we will now be able to do is to negotiate our own bespoke ftas with commonwealth partners that have already pledged with the singapore declaration to pursue free trade among commonwealth partners but which we 've not been able to follow up on . 
  will the commonwealth really become large-scale trading partners in the same league as the us or china though ? 
  i doubt it . 
  the commonwealth just wo n't replace the eu . 
  nobody should 've given the anti-eu fucknuts the time of day in the first place , even in terms of electoral politics . 
  they 're wrong and irresponsible , and have just been feeding mindlessly bigoted ideas . 
  the kinda-sorta-pro-eu tories are getting hoist by their own petard . 
   around 80 % of the uk 's trade is domestic . 
  that 's totally irrelevant to this argument . 
  i meant overseas trade in the first place , and that was clear from the context . 
   around 40 % of the uk 's overseas trade goes through the eu , it 's between 44 % ( exports ) and 56 % ( imports ) . 
  but yes , you 're right , i misremembered what i 'd read . 
  the eu is the largest single trading partner of the uk , though that percentage is diminishing . 
  the runners-up are the us and china . 
  the commonwealth accounts for ~ 10 % . 
  so in short , fragglemook 's argument is still misguided . 
  quite apart from the fact that the [ commonwealth is pretty dysfunctional . 
  ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/bagehot/2011/10/britain-and-eu-3 ) also , the eu is currently negotiating a free trade agreement with canada , ceta . 
  well sure , not by filling the empty homes - a lot of homes are lived in but also oligarch-owned . 
  the bigger problem is the driving up of prices through ridiculous buying power . 
  tbf the rich foreign oligarchs buying up property just to park it as an investment , thus driving up house prices and cost of living to absolutely insane levels , are doing for more for destroying social cohesion than ethnic minorities ever could, 
   david cameron lol as if , he 's constantly pandering to the anti-eu right while desperately trying to stay in by negotiating the uk into an isolated corner within . 
   we 'll have better trade deals with the commonwealth . 
  the ~ ~ vast majority of the ~ ~ uk 's largest single trade partner is the eu , and the volume is ~ 4-5 times larger than with the commonwealth . 
   and a `` white person '' can do that in regards to modern day racism and institutionalized discrimination of white people in many place on earth ( south african republic , zimbabwe , saudi arabia ... ) and asian person can do it in regards to discrimination in many places towards asians , a black person can do it for the same reason , a middle-eastern person , an amerindian etc. 
  not in the same way , she 's the one who lives with discrimination in her life , white people in the west have no real relation to zimbabwe . 
  also a bit rich to attack discrimination of white people in sa , given that apartheid ended just 25 years ago and white people are on average much more wealthy there . 
   what 's the point in saying then that her people are too ? 
  because it 's happening now . 
  islamophobia and racism are real issues for muslims and ethnic minorities in the uk , not historical events . 
   the notion the turks are historicall oppressed as a country and the claim someone made they were `` muslim liberators '' . 
  she did n't say that though , did she ? 
  all you have is [ some guy saying that some person on tumblr said that ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3nq7tj/london_woman_charged_after_alleged/cvqht6k ), 
  yeah , but he 's making that argument to imply she ca n't speak on modern-day bme issues . 
  i 'm countering that implication . 
  my point is she can , though she ca n't to refer to a history of imperialism in the same personal way as , say , black people from the caribbean or africa , but can point it out in the same way a white person can . 
  my point is that turkish people are seen as non-white in western europe , so she can legitimately talk about modern day bme experience . 
  though obviously stuff about imperialism etc she can only refer to book learning really, 
   if the new arrivals do n't `` respect '' the police , the article is n't about new arrivals . 
  yeah , but she * clearly * did n't mean it . 
  those jokes are ironic takes on what people accuse people like her of all the time . 
  this is that airport joke all over again ffs, 
  ask turkish migrants to germany any time in the last 50 years if they 've faced racism , pretty sure they can tell you some stories, 
  so what does an american care about uk students ' union politics ? 
  [ except they are good for our economy ] ( https://www.ucl.ac.uk/news/news-articles/1114/051114-economic-impact-eu-immigration ) ( re : eu immigrants . 
  which is to say , most immigrants . ), 
  he actually was n't calling for a brigade , but nvm, 
   the thing is , fsa are a minority in the opposition force now . 
  referring to the fsa as the opposition is uninformed at best , deceptive at worst . 
  that is true , sorry . 
  amended that . 
   have it again like in libya and afghanistan . 
  full warlordism . 
  i do n't know about libya , but afghanistan is a bit of a unique situation that i 'd say is n't applicable anywhere else . 
  the taliban - as awful as they are - were a stabilising force in that they kept unideological warlords who were competing for power at bay , who had in the previous decades exerted significant power in afghanistan . 
  so while many groups in syria are now competing for being the opposition group , i 'd argue that that is different to afghanistan in that it 's a new constellation of conflict . 
  kurdish nationalism and shia vs sunni conflicts are old hats , sure , but isis and the al-qaeda affiliated groups are new phenonmena that ca n't be just dismissed as just a afghan warlords-type situation , imo . 
  54 % of migrants on the sea route are syrian . 
  with afghanistan and eritrea - also places of conflict and oppression - it gets to 74 % or so . 
  at the very least , a very sizeable portion of migrants are going to have legitimate grounds for asylum . 
  how is this specifically realist , or non-politically correct ? 
  under every ideology , eastern europe has reason for concern re : a more militarily powerful russia . 
  even the hard left wing perspective on this would be `` do n't sell weapons '' , not `` ignore nato bc they 're evil '', 
  one monster of a guy = all opposition groups are cannibals , who are also exactly equatable to the volatile warlord politics situation that is specific to afghanistan and goes back decades there , a country that does n't even have the same language as syria ? 
  yeah dude come back when you actually have a coherent argument, 
  assad 's army has killed several times more civillians in this conflict than any other faction , including isis . 
  supporting assad is really a horrendous prospect . 
  you 're the first person ever to make that joke . 
  it really makes you sound smart . 
  i do n't , but a lot of people do . 
  particularly the ones whom the uk tabloid press - who are the strongest proponents of this kind of rhetoric - panders to and considers its main demographic . 
  the sun is literally written to be read by 14 year olds ( though the `` meddling eu bureaucrat '' / `` europhiles '' tropes are more likely to be used by the daily mail and daily express , who are both only just a step above the sun in terms of vocabulary ) . 
  either way , that 's also not the only problem with the dichotomy - philia ( love ) implies irrational devotion , sceptic implies rationality and healthy doubt , which is of course an inherently anti-eu way of framing things , implying that there could never be anything reasonably worth arguing for in the eu . 
  which is totally intellectually bankrupt . 
   i do n't really see a problem with the term `` europhile '' , really ? 
  no , like , similarity to `` paedophile '' ? 
  in the same way '' - phobe '' is associated with bigotry ? 
  obviously the root is from the greek , but most people do n't really pay attention to that and so the superficial association works as an insidious kind of slur . 
  did she really get rid of all of them though ? 
  westerwelle was a uniquely damp squib as a foreign minister , and steinbr\u00fcck and steinmeier are charm vacuums . 
  it 'd be a lot easier if everyone in the eu just took an even distribution of refugee applications and had uniform , simple , transparent procedures for processing asylum applications and integrating people with language/culture courses and spent less time doing unnecessary fearmongering dammit < / rant  ^ ( sorry not directed at you ), 
   europhiles sorry , but if you insist on that term , you should automatically be called `` europhobe '' . 
  really sick of these stupid language games . 
  yeah dude let go of the idea of free choice . 
  also , google `` unconscious bias google ventures '', 
  you 're forgetting how much of enlightenment thought was actually shaped by christian philosophy like school of salamanca and augustin and thomas acquinas , dude . 
  it 's not a straight line of enlightened thinkers of rationality, 
  yeah dude you just showed exactly how dumb the `` wage gap do n't real '' argument is .
