  lack of industrialisation/development ( in russia ) 6 . 
  no democracy , extremely limited political freedoms 7 . 
  no social security 8 . 
  antisemitism ( the notorious protocols of the elders of zion hoax was fabricated by antisemitic agents of the russian empire 's secret service , for instance , and continues to fuel antisemitic sentiment around the world today ) while the nazis and ussr were worse in many respects , you really do n't want to go back to those terrible monarchies . 
  personally i 'm more inclined to distrust europhobes like yourself . 
   it 's almost enough to make you think that mass immigration is in fact a capitalist conspiracy designed to crush class consciousness . 
  nope . 
  that would be a crazy conspiracy theory . 
  yeah , was n't trying to say they 're all on our level , i just thought the `` 2/3rds are illiterate '' was a bit much, 
  even if they were n't the largest group ( which iirc they are , not sure if  50 % though ) , it would n't help the argument to say most people were , say , from afghanistan or something . 
  i went back and tried to find the numbers he 's referencing - they 're largely about the syrian education system , which according to timss and pirl surveys administered in 2011 are , as you say , not on a par with developed countries . 
  still , i think he 's being hyperbolic - if they were that illiterate , how do you even use whatsapp ? 
  however [ this ] ( http://www.oecd.org/migration/is-this-refugee-crisis-different.pdf ) oecd report on the refugee crisis emphasise that syrian refugees tend to be more skilled than others , so i 'm wondering if there 's a self-selection bias in the kind of people who flee to turkey and on to europe ? 
  or does that just say something about the other groups of migrants and refugees ? 
  the `` two-thirds can barely read and write '' seems pretty dubious to me , given that the un says syria in 2014 ( long after outbreak of war ! ), 
  had an [ adult literacy rate of 84.1 % . 
  ] ( http://www.sy.undp.org/content/syria/en/home/countryinfo.html ) i wonder what numbers he 's referencing ? 
   yet noone seems to vote for them , because . 
  ... because they partially came from successor party of the sed , the east german state party . 
  their current policies are n't actually `` bring back the gdr '' afaik , but there 's a whole load of old regime supporters in the party base . 
   you sure do not know how many of them really are syrians and we will probably never know . 
  accents and verification of details , plus pan-eu passport cross-checking , are some pretty good ways of knowing . 
  pretty sure you do n't get full asylum status until some background checks are done . 
  i assumed you were intelligent to realise i was talking about using these terms about modern times/in this context . 
  i 'm sorry , that was clearly a mistake . 
  anglo-saxon and celt are totally meaningless categories , a ) because they were only meaningful  1000 years ago , and intermarriage has rendered the distinction useless and b ) because even if someone were 100 % celt back to the iron age , growing up in the cultural surroundings of the uk would make them british nonetheless . 
  nationality is a supercategory of ethnicity , while national identity has far more to do with your surroundings than genetics . 
  irish immigrants who take uk citizenship were british . 
  families from pakistan with uk-raised children are british . 
  all of these things are a part of the larger , mutable whole of what britain is . 
  where were you born ? 
  where were your parents born ? 
  rough region , no specifics needed . 
  your obnoxious affectations are annoying . 
  you 're annoying . 
  all you have is atavistic nonsense . 
  i repeat : annoying . 
   you 're ignoring a patent reality . 
  self-indulgent fantasy scenarios and shit you read in the mail ( or the telegraph if you 're lucky ) do n't count as `` reality '', 
  yeah , and the definition of `` british '' as `` white british '' is fucking racist . 
  just pointing that out . 
  but * apparently * , that 's controversial in this xenophobic shithole, 
   in the example you 've highlighted , those people would hold british nationality , they may identify with british culture and be an asset to britain , but they would not be ethnically british . 
  this is patently obvious . 
  national identity is not determined by ethnic subgroup . 
  it 's determined by identification with national culture . 
  now stop making excuses for your racism and go fuck yourself . 
   immigrants , and therefore immigration , can not be ` part ' of britain ; they are obviously not british . 
  meaningless tautology . 
  it is possible to become british , you know . 
  birthright is * not * the only right . 
   if by always you mean , ` for the last few decades ' , i agree , but it 's a strange use of the word . 
   yep . 
  sorry , i kind of changed train of thought halfway through the sentence there , hence the garbled thing . 
  but yes , i mean in the post-war period til today . 
   unless you have a very poor grasp on the history of our country , then immigration as we see it today in britain is not and never has been an intrinsic characteristic . 
  a ) britain has never been isolationist - its empire ( and the imports from it ) have profoundly marked british culture . 
  so i 'd argue that britain has never been truly nativist , nor is any nativist sentiment accurate . 
  b ) referring to the post-ww2-til-today period , i think it 's fair to say it is a defining characteristic . 
  c ) `` where at the last census 37 % of people were foreign and less than half white british ? '', 
  see this ? 
  this is plain wrong . 
  people born here to foreign , non-white parents but only knowing british culture , british schools , british identity , work , politics , etc are * just as british as `` white british '' people . 
  * and that 's the fundamental point why immigration debates are so garbled : sometimes , people mean : `` ethnic minorities out ! '', 
  which is just plain racist . 
  other times , people mean : `` get those immigrants ( from the eu ) to stop stealing our jobs ! '', 
  which is not really accurate . 
  sometimes , it 's a garbled mess of both . 
  and that case is wrong because it makes the fallacy that you just made : that british identity and belonging is intrinsically tied to race . 
  which is complete fucking bullshit . 
   by `` we '' i assume you mean the capitalist class , no , i mean the economy generally and the public purse specifically . 
  the public purse profits to the tune of 2bn pounds . 
  which finances the nhs , schools , etc. 
   normal working britons , the people who have to actually deal with these immigrants on a day to day basis , get nothing from it in material terms nope . 
  growing economy -  more capital to start businesses and employ people -  more taxes -  better public services , etc. 
   and our very existence is threatened by it in socio-cultural terms . 
  all those pubs closing down , it 's the bloody romanians doing that , is n't it ? 
  not like capitalist forces or tory macroeconomic decisions got anything to do with that , nooo  so excuse me if i choose a harmonious homogeneous community over a few extra gdp points . 
  indulging your bigotry is not a solution . 
   should we should restrict non-eu migration to negligible levels , since they cost us a lot ? 
  well as you point out , you ca n't restrict eu migration . 
  and yeah you could , but i highly doubt you 'd achieve cameron 's goal of < 100,000 net migration . 
  might their success be down to lack of political success of ps and ump ? 
  sarkozy was voted out , and is now trying to come back like a very sore loser , while hollande only seems to be popular in times of crisis , with his economic policies being either floundering or watered down . 
   we used to get tens of thousands per year before new labour ; now we get hundreds of thousands . 
  and the number is rising every year . 
  there is no precedent for this and we have no idea how it will affect us in the future . 
  yeah . 
  you know why ? 
  eu expansion . 
  and how will it affect us ? 
  actually , it 's already affecting us . 
  [ we 're getting 20 billion pounds in taxes . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2014/nov/05/eu-migrants-uk-gains-20bn-ucl-study ), 
   i head a brit complaining that the areas with a lot of immigrants , such as london , are no longer representative for britain . 
  that assumes that immigration is n't intrinsically part of britain , which is of course just denying reality . 
  urban areas , particularly london , birmingham , and yorkshire ( e.g. 
  bradford ) , have always been places of high immigration . 
  in contrast , traditionally strong ukip areas like thanet have very , very low immigration levels . 
   as a result he thought that immigrants have political influence disproportionate to their actual numbers , due to proximity to the administrative center .
