  no , and a coordinated eu response to manage the flow would 've been much better . 
  there 's plenty of people abusing the flow . 
  also , most people are n't going to britain . 
  those that are usually have family there , hence wanting to go there , and the calais camp is just a sign of it being a bottleneck . 
   its perfectly fine to ask what you need to migrate to another country . 
  its very much different from getting smuggled in under the guise of being a refugee and then demanding things . 
  you 're missing the entire fucking point -- they * want to work . 
  * life on welfare is shit . 
  most people know this . 
  the vast majority of immigrants want opportunities , not welfare . 
  they 're coming to germany and sweden because turkey is n't giving them many opportunities to work . 
  hell , even african economic migrants -- which is not all migrants , but many -- come to europe * for jobs . 
  * the amount of first-generation migrants not coming to work is laughably small . 
  have all the arguments you want about whether how far refugee status stretches , but stop bending reality to portray them as some kind of welfare leeches when they are objectively not . 
  and honestly i 'm baffled about how you 're so insistent in bending reality like that - is it easier to imagine closing the door to charicatures of parasites than to acknowledge the common humanity that they , too , just want to have a life ? 
  moving for work is totally different than moving for welfare . 
  also no , hungary would likely not take them . 
  they 're going to apply to places where they 're likely to be given opportunities quicker . 
  it 's really not rocket science . 
   but considering they dont speak the language and most have no marketable skills exactly the same situation as op . 
  and as with op , it can be remedied . 
  you 're just moving the goalposts to fit your agenda . 
  `` i read this story about occasional scammers once so now every story about children is just an evil scam '', 
  an east german leaving the gdr , however , was committing a criminal act . 
  clearly such flagrant disregard for the law deserves harsh and immediate punishment , according to your logic , right ? 
  wait , so you seriously think most immigrants go for the welfare ? 
  nope . 
   do n't see mark as someone that could incite anything related to hate , that could incite anyone at all . 
  does n't seem like that to me either , but i 'm unfamiliar with dutch twitter and do n't speak the language , so he might 've been using a seemingly innocuous dog-whistle far-right hashtag or something . 
  the other poster seemed to be implying that . 
   harassment and intimidation of a citizen that may seem to be easy pray . 
  yeah it certainly does seem a bit ridiculous to waste effort on that , surely actual far-right organisers would n't care about a police visit like that ? 
  if you really want to use resources to fight right-wing hate crime , it would seem more sensible to target the organisers, 
  no , not at all . 
  it 's just that most of the time , stories that seem too bonkers to be true are just that . 
  once in a while they are genuine , but mostly it 's at the very least misleading . 
  and to be honest , it strikes me as a bit beyond belief that the police would visit someone over honest concern on twitter , and more likely they would visit over `` honest concern '' ( i.e. 
  disingenuous far-right pandering , like pegida or something ) . 
  but i 'm holding my judgement for a bit at the moment . 
  right , so the hashtag is something like #whitegenocide or something ? 
  associated with violent far-right movements ? 
  yeah , you know what the actual problem there is ? 
  the fact that the government has n't been building council houses . 
  chucking out asylum seekers does nothing near enough to adress the housing shortage . 
  life must be really simple in your mind , must n't it ? 
  edit : not saying neither group of people are n't scumbags , but come on you can differentiate a bit and quit giving yourself a hate boner, 
   british and norwegian labour parties both wanted blasphemy laws enacted . 
  milliband himself suggested it . 
  no he did n't . 
  [ he proposed to ban islamophobia more stringently , along with banning anti-semitism etc. 
  ] ( http://muslimnews.co.uk/newspaper/top-stories/labour-to-outlaw-islamophobia-says-miliband-in-an-exclusive-interview/ ) the only ones screaming `` blasphemy law '' were right-wing blogs making a hitler out of a molehill . 
   the majority of people who come to the defense of medieval savages are leftists , if you stopped calling an entire religion ( most of whom are ethnic minorities ) medieval savages , you might be able to discuss your concerns a bit more fruitfully , because you 'd come across a lot less racist ( not saying you are , but the phrase sounds it ) . 
   as for the group facing violence and prejudice ; muslims , you ca n't just handwave away hate crimes against muslims because they do n't fit your narrative . 
   jews are being driven out of france anti-semitic hate crimes are inexcusable , and have been proliferating , yes . 
  there needs to be more work done against it . 
  but that 's only a few right-leaning jewish commentators actually advocating leaving for israel , iirc . 
   muslim sex gangs are cropping up all over england so are white sex gangs in mps etc. 
  you 're really going to judge an entire religion by a handfull of cases of a dozen scummy bastards each ? 
  also , there were also sikhs involved . 
  it 's not a muslim thing . 
   crime stats are dominated by muslims . 
  ... have you accounted for social background , i.e. 
  class and education though ? 
   and we all know what 's been going on in cologne . 
  what happened . 
  it was an event . 
  not a continuous going-on . 
  plus , evidence points to criminal gangs from north africa exploiting the refugee crisis for financial gain through theft and violence being the perpetrators and organising and planning the attacks , while genuine syrians fleeing war are the first to suffer the massive proliferation of violent arson attacks on refugee shelters . 
   i do n't like it myself , i consider my self a leftist on most issues , but please stop living in denial . 
  it 's not `` living in denial '' , it 's refusing to let baseless fearmongering cloud political judgement . 
  loads of your talking points are recycled from far-right blogs that constantly misinterpret , misconstrue , or outright fabricate bullshit about the left and refugees in order to gain ground for their fascist agenda . 
  i do n't think you 're racist or a bigot to be concerned , but please , for the love of god * check your sources more thoroughly , * and look at the other side of the issues . 
  remember , a more cynical picture does * not * equal a more accurate picture . 
  it 's just the equally naive inverse of unconditional optimism . 
   which political side in europe is it that regularly advocates for blasphemy laws no leftist i 've ever heard of . 
   and that cartoonists should n't `` provoke muslims '' what , implying that they should be slaughtered otherwise or are somehow responsible for the violence inflicted on them by fanatics ? 
  nope . 
  are they beating a dead horse and fuelling racist stereotypes against a group already facing violence and prejudice if they draw deliberately offensive cartoons ? 
  are they dicks for it and should deal with people voicing critical opinions towards it ? 
  yeah . 
  do they deserve to suffer harassment , violence or any punishment for that matter ? 
  nope . 
   which local politicians are behind the rotherham coverup ? 
  well , as you said , the local politicians . 
  as well as the local police . 
  yup . 
  glad we 're in agreement !, 
  yeah no , that 's mostly a figment of right-wing imagination . 
  do you have a source for that incident ? 
  also , i 'd caution from drawing * too many * conclusions from the posted article . 
  local politics - particularly in areas held by one party for a long time like rotherham - are often full of self-serving , seedy characters who are mainly out to protect their necks , and get away with things because they 're not placed under the same scrutiny as national politics . 
  local media budgets shrinking rapidly also does n't help things . 
  that said , and this is * somewhat * no true scotsmanish , but given that the labour movement has historically been associated with fighting vocally for the rights of women and a movement of empowerment , my personal opinion is that any labour member who sweeps rape under the rug for the sake of political convenience is a disgrace to the labour party , the labour movement , women 's liberation , and most of all the women ( or any victims ! ), 
  themselves , and should fuck off forever , from the party , from politics , from any sort of public responsibility . 
  well , you know . 
  90 % of pegida quasi-nazis would vote for them . 
  soooo . 
   would you consider the tories to be far-right ? 
  some segments of the party , yeah . 
  public broadcasting is by far not the only medium in germany .
