  ] ( https://img.washingtonpost.com/wp-apps/imrs.php?src=https://img.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-fix/files/2016/07/blackvote_2_natlq.jpg&amp;w=1484 ) also , she was talking about a specific crime problem , not about all black people . 
   and being endorsed by the kkk . 
  errr what ? 
  trump was the one endorsed by the kkk . 
  or do you mean sen. byrd , who was member for a year in the 1940s then renounced it , and went on to vote 100 % for civil rights in his political career ? 
  a ) bill clinton 's 90s crime policies were supported by black leaders at the time - the consequences were unintended . 
  however , he also did a lot of good for black communities and actively engaged with them - which black voters care about and appreciate . 
  b ) clinton is polling at close to 99 % among black voters , who loyally vote democrat most of the time anyway . 
  no way in hell are they going to turn on her . 
  winning white/male is n't enough to win , and clinton 's deep bench of surrogates + an expected strong debate showing can only improve her standing . 
  you 're not being trolled , you 're just wrong . 
  that 's why trump losing educated voters and women by considerable margins is so bad for him . 
  he 's not even beating romney among white voters . 
  a ) polls ( e.g. 
  icm ) showed leave winning , people just did n't believe it b ) fptp is totally different from a referendum c ) trump has literally no support among black voters and is doing horrendously with asian and hispanic voters , who make up far larger groups in the us than in the uk . 
  [ which are rare and outweighed by ones showing clinton advantages . 
  ] ( http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/national-polls/ ) besides , it 's not actually the national polls that decide the outcome , [ it 's all in the states . 
  ] ( http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/ ), 
   but we 're supposed to believe him now . 
  check the polls . 
  as he explained , the numbers were right in front of him , and right now they show trump losing . 
  he said trump would n't win , but his polling numbers were actually solid , he just was n't listening to them . 
  he wrote a long blog post about how he fucked up . 
  since then , he 's been taking pains to look thoroughly at the numbers . 
  literally that logic holy shit when did these people get back here, 
  la times tracking poll has a house bias towards trump . 
  check 538 for a better picture, 
  not really , spend way too much time on reddit, 
  most people who state that eventually show themselves to be alt-right concern trolls in my experience, 
  thanks fam , will quit the shitposts . 
  nice day to you too, 
  so syriza literally equals golden dawn , right ? 
  [ i saw what you wrote the first time . 
  if you could stop abusing ptsd vocabulary for your shitty jokes , that would be nice , thanks . 
   a person could contend that anybody who says `` allahu akbar '' is purposefully aligning themselves wit terrorists who yell it before committing atrocities . 
  no they could n't , because allahu akbar is a perfectly normal and very common phrase outside of its perverted use . 
  `` current year '' , on the other hand , has no meaning or use outside of the reactionary one . 
   also , if `` current year '' can be immediately aligned with reactionary politics , why ca n't it also be aligned with reasonable opinions about the crisis ? 
  because nobody who actually cares about nuance , real debate , human dignity , or facts voluntarily aligns with shitty thought-stopping clich\u00e9s , particularly by people shutting down debate by mocking the idea of progress or human rights . 
  if it 's merely an opinion ( e.g. 
  `` we should have screened refugees more carefully '' ) , yes absolutely . 
  but `` current year '' is specifically a joke about john oliver , and by broader implication , anyone supporting refugee rights . 
  it 's a widespread / pol / meme . 
  there is no other way , or even any innocuous way , to interpret it other than being an alignment with reactionary politics . 
  do you say `` work sets you free '' ? 
  no , because you know exactly that you 're recalling `` arbeit macht frei '' . 
  similarly , `` current year '' is a / pol / meme meant to denigrate anything to the left of anders breivik . 
  you know * exactly * what you 're invoking the moment you use it . 
  inherently ? 
  but most people sincerely using the meme are on the far-right . 
  by using it , you 're positioning yourself among fascists . 
  either you quit using it , or you 're on the side of fascists . 
  there was , but this is about new instances of abuse . 
  besides , there 's a difference between reporting on rape gangs and some blog using it for their shitty `` as this rape gang story in another paper shows , muslims are unfit to be in the west yet another instance of muslims coming after us when will it end '', 
  fair enough , i trust them more than the express and both reporting it is a sign that it 's a serious story . 
  ok , so you like being lied to when it 's convenient . 
  got it . 
   yes . 
  yes it was better . 
  universities began in medieval christianity . 
  aquinas and st. augustine were part of medieval christianity . 
  the renaissance was jump-started by medieval orthodox christianity when byzantine thinkers fled the fall of constantinople ( though some , like gemistus pletho , were neoplatonists/pagan revivalists ) . 
   i love how you totally ignore the islamic world 's contributions to the renaissance and preservation of classical learning , without which almost nothing of the things you mentioned would have been possible . 
   islam has not changed dramatically from its medieval period . 
  yes it has . 
   following the wars of religion and the enlightenment , however , christianity and europe - did - . 
  nor was it ever more progressive . 
  100 years ago , europe was regressive as fuck , and so was the us . 
  again , you 're indulging in enlightenment circlejerkery that is just not true . 
  this is a us right-wing blog quoting a notoriously trashy uk tabloid . 
  not saying there 's no story there , but the blogspammy link is not a good way to get it across . 
  isis is condemned by almost every other muslim group . 
  oh , because medieval christianity was any better than islam at the time ? 
  if anything , the islamic was more progressive at the time . 
  but that 's irrelevant , because both have changed dramatically for a whole host of non-religious reasons . 
  berlin is a great deal more liberal/cosmopolitan than the rest of the country , yeah . 
  it 's also what gets you killed by time travelers . 
  that 's ethnic cleansing . 
  that 's against all kinds of conventions and lands you in the hague . 
  most attackers were born in france . 
  that 's possible in certain scenarios , but impossible to do quickly enough in most, 
  in terms of getting information , i mean . 
  other ends might not require accuracy . 
  i mean , either way , it 's monstrous etc, 
  no it does n't , the people being tortured just make shit up . 
  they say anything to make it stop, 
  fair enough . 
   ( though i doubt kgb was n't worse than both stasi and securitate combined ) they might well have been more prolific/large-scale or even brutal , but stasi and securitate had more spies per capita . 
  they were literally everywhere . 
  according to wikipedia , they were the second-most ubiquitous ( after the stasi ) and one of the most brutal secret services in the soviet bloc , but it does n't list very historian-friendly sources ... ah well , might as well ask r/askhistorians, 
  ceaucescu 's ( that how you spell it ? ), 
  secret police was particularly notorious for torture , as far as i 've heard . 
  did n't people sack the secret police hq at some point ? 
  yeah they * said * that but that also has the strong whiff of an excuse , iirc the rotherham report pointed out they flat out disbelieved girls and totally mishandled talking to the victims . 
  i 'm sure it played a part but it 's definitely not the whole story here, 
   mass-sexual assaults , gang-rapes pretty much unheard of , sexual assault has been historically underreported and is coming under much larger scrutiny now , so i 'm not so sure about that, 
  torture does n't work fam also , you know , i thought romania would be the last place to bring back those kinds of methods, 
  both are far-right and tend to be socially repressive , so the analogy is accurate . 
  fun fact : the ottomans legalised homosexuality in the 19th century . 
  nah , there 's customs lessons too .
