  nobody ever uses the term like that . 
  i know , but even the hardcorest pro-immigration politically correct type would consider those statements abhorrent . 
  op is shittily strawmanning people here is my point edit : wow some people sure are determined to downvote absolutely anything i say, 
  some pretty funky noise !, 
  i do n't see what that 's got to do with that mayor 's statement ? 
  here 's your error : * they do n't make those statements . 
  * what you and op are doing is this : leftist person says something ( unrelated ) you interpret as ludicrous -  you mentally create a category of `` leftists who say ludicrous things '' -  someone says something ludicrous -  [ you say `` oh , he must be a leftist , because they say ludicrous things !, 
  '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deductive_fallacy ), 
  first off , in neither of those cases was there any blaming women for sexual harassment going on . 
  pretty much the defining feature of what people ( inaccurately ) call `` regressive left '' is a strong awareness of women 's sexual harassment and advocacy in defense of women who experience it . 
  nobody of that group would ever blame a woman for being the victim of sexual harassment . 
  some went far too far by saying things along the lines of the chickens coming home to roost etc , but the vast majority condemned the attacks but also pointed out that ( in their eyes ) ch drew racist cartoons , so lionising them as heroes was n't appropriate . 
  feel free to disagree on that one , it 's a contentious opinion . 
  the last paragraph is referring to jonathan mcintosh , right ? 
  while saying `` good riddance '' about hitchens at his death was in exceptionally poor taste , you 're misinterpreting the general thrust of what he was saying . 
  hitchens was a neocon who advocated for the iraq war . 
  he had a lot of reactionary opinions in more recent years . 
  people were mourning him as an almost infallible hero , when in fact he had advocated for some pretty awful things and should n't be taken as authoritatively as he was . 
  that said , saying good riddance on his death was pretty poor taste . 
  however , mcintosh was n't mourning obama , he was more refusing to engage in jingoistic/nationalistic celebration that was both celebrating us violence and warmongering as much as the death of a mass murderer . 
  a lot of people felt queasy about that one , and it 's a legitimate stance . 
  i know a lot of what people call `` regressive leftists '' . 
  i can tell you they absolutely do not say this . 
   really , you 're gon na quibble over the age of the girls ? 
   i 'm not quibbling or excusing in any way . 
  i 'm saying it 's qualitatively a different crime that is more common in our own culture , yes . 
  does n't make it any less of a crime , nor less abhorrent . 
  yes please . 
  not really , `` political correctness '' is pretty much only ever criticised as a left-wing thing . 
  besides , anyone who even subscribes to ideas of political correctness would consider those statements abhorrent too . 
  no , what i 'm saying is the extreme left would consider those statements abhorrent too . 
  the article mistranslated the video . 
  selection bias . 
  you never hear about success stories on r/europe . 
  try posting a positive story about refugees and see how your karma goes . 
  any leftist worth their salt would consider these statements abhorrent too you know, 
  because vested interests might use false information for propaganda narratives - i.e. 
  `` they come to rape our children !, 
  '' , when it 's a bunch of isolated cases like the scummy vienna guy . 
  sexualising teenagers is just as disgusting , but far more common , see for example reddit 's notorious r/jailbait . 
  spreading crass untruths prevents adressing the real problem ( sexual harassment ) , the real question ( have they been taught cultural difference ? 
  are they respecting what they 've been taught ? ), 
  and finding the real solutions ( is it so severe they need to be punished immediately ? 
  is it a repeated pattern indicative of a need to deport ? 
  ) , etc. 
  nope . 
   surely there is such people supporting pegida but id say they are a fraction of it . 
  they 're the hard core . 
  they travel around for regional demonstrations a lot . 
   they support the harmful refugee policies that enable mass migration . 
  thus the people in power will utulize them . 
  they 're the far left , none of the people actually in power care about them . 
   there is big money involved in the refugee sitution as well as ( geo ) political interests . 
  not really for the german establishment . 
  more countries like russia wanting to destabilise the eu . 
   the `` open borders '' fanatics would still call them nazis , racists and hate them . 
  they 're not the ones in power . 
  they never are . 
   they want to undermine the movement by trying to create this picture that pegida isnt socially acceptable . 
  it is n't socially acceptable . 
  it 's full of violent neo-nazis who indulge in anti-semitic , racist , sexist conspiracy theories , and routinely spread politically convenient lies as propaganda efforts . 
  pegida is an irredeemable pile of shit . 
  and , you know , all of those only mention * afghanistan * . 
  which is not arab , as well as quite far away from iraq , not to mention culturally distinct . 
  the only other mention is this paragraph :  earlier islamic societies were less hardline . 
  an 11th-century persian ruler advised his son to alternate his partners seasonally : young men in the summer and women in the winter . 
  many of the love poems of the eighth-century abu nuwas in baghdad , and of other persian and urdu poets , were addressed to boys . 
  in medieval mystic writings , particularly sufi texts , it is unclear whether the beloved being addressed is a teenage boy or god , providing a quasi-religious sanction for relationships between men and boys . 
  austere european chroniclers fumed at the indulgent attitudes to gay sex in the caliphs ' courts ( now the censure is the other way ) . 
  now , in the comparison with the 11th century , europe does n't fare any better . 
  in fact well into the renaissance , scholarly and artistic cities like florence had wealthy unmarried men fuck teenagers as normal cultural practice , as an outlet for their lust before they took on the patriarchal responsibilities of arranged , economically beneficial marriage . 
  the eroticisation of young males is [ very well documented in art history . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/david_ ( donatello \\ ) ) not to mention the ancient romans , whose sexual morality also revolved around who was doing the penetrating and how old they were , not condemning homosexuality as a whole . 
  tl ; dr nowadays , the disgusting * cultural practice * of abusing boys is pretty exclusive to afghanistan , and historically europe has been just as bad . 
   make it clear to these people that they wo n't get even the tiniest amount of assistance from the state . 
  if they find themselves unable to access housing , healthcare , education welfare or employment then word would quickly return to their home countries . 
  not many would come . 
   that 's ridiculous towards refugees ( i.e. 
  non-economic migrants , particularly kurds , lgbt people , or people directly threatened by war ) . 
  a minimum of things has to be there , and you need to treat people with basic dignity . 
  but it also needs to be made clear to them how the economic system works , and what kind of a society they are expected to fit in to . 
  honestly , it just comes down to effective communication , there 's no need for crass draconian measures like actively making people 's lives miserable . 
   does n't mean that everyone there or even that the core values are racist . 
  most of the core of pegida protests have been involved in the nazi scene for years . 
  do n't kid yourself . 
  is there ? 
  where would i find reliable , unbiased documentation of this ? 
   is fair game in many muslim societies . 
  which ? 
  iraq ? 
  is it a muslim thing ? 
  can you back it up with sources ? 
  afghanistan ! = iraq , and the middle east describes a * big * area . 
  thanks !, 
   do they speak for all muslim women ? 
  no , but apparently you do ? 
  and these women do n't count according to you ? 
   do you know any muslim women ? 
  yep . 
  all very political and eager to be involved .
