wait ... you have tories in germany too !, 
   let 's also not forget that a majority of the scottish people feel like westminster , the tories in particular , do not represent their interests . 
  there are a lot of people in the uk who feel exactly the same way about the tories . 
  they 've never done a thing for the working class . 
  well you could argue that it 's cheaper per head in england because of economies of scale . 
  you 've just mad a lot of assumptions without knowing anything about me . 
  sounds like you 're having an argument with someone who is n't there . 
  anyway , i do n't believe a referrendum should pass if only 37 % of the electorate vote in favour regardless of whether i agree with the result . 
  a non vote is n't a vote for `` yes , we should change things '' . 
  look , i 'm against eu neo-liberalism , and the austerity it leads to . 
  however i do n't paticularly care if my overlord is based in brussels or westminster and frankly i trust the eu legislators far more than i trust the pricks in westminster . 
  do you really think tory britain works for the people ? 
   people born in the 1980s are the first post-war cohort not to start their working years with higher incomes than their immediate predecessors bloody thatcher . 
  she was elected in 1979 then deliberately increased wealth inequality and destroyed the trade unions . 
  it set the tone of british politics and it has n't improved since . 
  you do n't speak for all of us . 
  [ only 37 % of the 46 million registered electorate voted leave ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/brexit-eu-referendum-held-again-second-remain-leave-vote-pound-crash-uk-economy-bregret-a7365561.html ) . 
  we 're certainly providing many laughs lately . 
  you ca n't seriously be suggesting punishing people for not having kids ? 
  i feel like i 've been very naive . 
  i always thought that we were gradually becomming more enlightened as a species . 
  the right is just becomming more bold as if they 've been validated and it 's kind of shocking . 
  there have always been ignorant racists , bigots and xenophobes , but they seem so much more obvious now . 
   this is why brexit severly changed how lots of germans see the english . 
  trust me , it 's changed how a lot of us see our own country too . 
  cop out comment . 
  not got any actual refutations ? 
  i did n't think so . 
  enjoy your neo-liberal nationalist paradise mr policeman . 
  there are other examples , finaland just sprang to mind . 
  my point is that countries with aggressive foreign policy like the uk and us do n't care about providing high standards of living for the people who live there . 
  we 're the ones who invade and bomb countries in the middle east for resources and control . 
  mainland europe is far less aggressive and most of them have better living conditions than us . 
   american foreign policy is a large reason why we are the worlds largest economy . 
  but large economies arent everything . 
  standard of living is more important in my opinion ... 
  this is it . 
  a large economy does n't necessarily translate to better quality of life for the people . 
  it 's also extremely selfish for the us and uk to ruin other countries for our benefit . 
  imperialism and the british empire are the most shameful parts of the history of my country in my opinion . 
  i 've never understood british and american people who * want * our respective nations to be powerful and influential . 
  there are many countries with far less influence on the international scene yet manage to provide a great quality of life for it 's citizens . 
  look at finland for example . 
  they have a great standard of living , strong healthcare system , very high quality of education and they do n't feel the need to interfere other peoples businss around the world like we do . 
   elite disconnected from their own citizens . 
  do you honestly think the uk is n't run by an elite disconnected from it 's own citizens ? 
  myself and the vast majority of people i know have nothing in common with the tories and their mates . 
  the system is for them , not us . 
   `` we are man-marking these vessels every step of the way ... '' it makes it sound like they 're playing football . 
  when has he ever been anti brexit ? 
  what exactly do you think he 's lying about ? 
  i do n't think he 's like most other politician at all , especially when you consider his activism . 
  would you care to explain why you think he 's a prick ? 
  that would be a good start . 
  sadly that would exclude 99.99 % of the population . 
  that 's true , it certainly seems like the most popular type of beer around the world . 
  i think it goes well in every climate whilst english beer tends to suit colder countries as it 's often served warmer . 
  if i told my friends i 'm getting beers they would assume i meant lager and probably something from continental europe , but if i was getting some ales then i would almost certainly say ale instead of beer and it would probably be a local one from a nearby town . 
  i always though beer was just a name for the family of drinks . 
  lager , bitter , stout/porter , pilsner , ale , ipa and so on are all just types of beer are n't they ? 
  each with their own subcategories . 
  the beers we 're known for in england are ales , bitters and porters . 
  our lagers can not compare the ones the czechs and germans make . 
  i think we could do with some more radical thinkers in parliament . 
  american author prefers american beer ... come on . 
  many countries have nice craft beers now . 
   but american beer has jumped ahead of european beer in the last decade . 
  that 's a big claim . 
   would have recovered uks reputation after the last vote ... we still have another chance to do that in june . 
  cromwell was a piece of shit . 
   you can believe that black people are subhuman and abortion is evil but we 'll get along fine what the fuck ? 
  seeing as her time in charge of the uk directly coincides with a decrease in social mobility and quality of life i think it 's pretty relevant to this discussion . 
  the neo-liberalism of the tory party which was continued by blair 's new labour have damaged the uk greatly . 
  have a flick through this press relase . 
  www.gov.uk/government/news/state-of-the-nation-report-on-social-mobility-in-great-britain . 
  you seem to think of socialism as some sort of ussr style system when actually , britain had many socialist principles post-second world war that benefitted the people greatly and improved our quality of life . 
  it 's not as black and white as capitalist or socialist . 
  the improvements stopped and reversed as soon as thatcher took charge and passed legislation that essentially amounted to an ideological attack on the working class . 
  you can find plenty of info online about the union related legislation the tories implemented . 
  you ca n't seriously think quoting thatcher will strengthen your argument ? 
  in the uk she 's widely regarded as a piece of shit who destroyed our industry and trade unions . 
  large areas the north of england and wales still have n't recovered from her neo-liberal policies . 
  top ranked womens team however . 
  even better than germany , that 's impressive . 
  it would certainly be interesting . 
  anyway , at least we drive on the same side of the road !, 
  yeah you 're probably right . 
  i went to australia for a bit and i was actually surprised how many similarities there are between us . 
  i think the history and culture we share between us is very different to the history and culture the uk shares with europe . 
  i feel like with aus and nz we 've always been mates , but with continental european countries it 's really complicated . 
  alliances , rivalries , immigration and so on . 
  a few reasons . 
   shared culture , language , history we share a lot of our culture and history but it 's not like we 're identical . 
  you could say exactly the same thing about many european countries . 
   distance would n't be an issue , after all when scotland joined it took a similar time to travel from london to edinburgh as it does now london to sydney . 
  what works in australia or canada would not necessarily work in the uk or new zealand . 
  especially practical terms when you consider the sizes of our countries . 
  we 'd need so much devolved powers given to each regions the whole thing would be pointless . 
  also when you consider how fucked the environment is we do n't want to encourage more air travel which having a country spread across the globe undoubtedly would . 
   at the very least i genuinely hope we could have free movement between these countries .
