  the original question ( how common is make up ) itself would have 100 % sparked the `` discussion '' of whether people ( mostly male ) like it or not anyway , as the majority of things regarding women 's look and sometimes behavior do . 
  typing the question out is not contributing to making this situation better . 
  on reddit , everything women do or not do is `` for men '' , 
   i 've also seen men starting to use it here . 
  it 's not too common but some men bronze , use fake tan and even put mascara on . 
  good , make up should be socially acceptable for everyone , just as the lack of it . 
  do n't wear it then . 
   to make guys think they are n't wearing make up kill me, 
  everything is common , from full face instagram make up to no make up , especially for 18-30 year olds . 
  also depends on occasion . 
   do you like it ? 
  my , or any other random person 's opinion of what strangers wear is not relevant . 
  i also have a feeling this question was directed with assumption that everyone is male here , which makes it times worse . 
  is n't scotland very beautiful ? 
   helsinki is still sweden !, 
  :d :d i/we have heard that gotland feels different than the mainland . 
  since poland , norway , estonia , hungary were rejected as the `` not sweden '' options and iceland is too expensive to travel to , gotland was approved for being unique and near the water . 
   novosibirsk til it 's the 3rd most populated city in russia . 
  not that i 've ever been to russia . 
  what took you to imatra ? 
  you sound a bit like my boyfriend . 
  planning vacation with him : - dalarna maybe ? 
  none of us been . 
  or like some random place like \u00d6stersund ? 
  - hmm can it be something not sweden ? 
  - we can go to helsinki ( we agreed on gotland or something near the beach in sk\u00e5ne though ), 
  borrowed the idea from / u/frikoz and my answer is : [ not enough ] ( http://imgur.com/k2htox5 ) ( the darker the color , the more i 've seen ) . 
  planning to visit gotland in summer and g\u00e4vle sometime soon . 
  confirmed summer plans are norrbotten and sk\u00e5ne again , lol , 
  for a bank , if you 're planning to get an account in every country , i 'd recommend picking the one that has the most presence in other countries , so you do n't have to encounter too many differences with how their system works and such . 
  however these branches are not related to each other and you still have to get separate accounts , it 's just more comfortable . 
  one example is dnb , they operate in poland , norway , denmark , sweden , finland , germany , lithuania , estonia , latvia , uk . 
  for language learning i recommend duolingo as * one * of the tools between the others . 
  but they 're still an immigrant ? 
  just that label becomes obsolete in 99 % of situations and `` citizen '' / `` norwegian '' is used instead . 
  yes . 
  i do n't like , however , that the word `` immigrant '' is associated with something negative ( at least in the internet ) . 
  it 's just a person who has permanently moved to a new country for whatever reasons . 
   well , i did a google search on that image , and the only sources i got were news articles from lithuania on the topic of this parade . 
  with a small text below : `` scanpix . 
  associative picture '' - which means that the picture is just something related to the topic of the article , not something about anyone/anything actually involved in the article . 
  spring is late but , at least in stockholm , there was barely any winter : / so we got some extended sk\u00e5ne `` winter '' instead :d, 
  [ picture # 99 < 3 ] ( http://www.delfi.lt/news/daily/lithuania/vilniuje-seksualiniu-mazumu-eitynes-sulaikyti-sesi-asmenys.d?id=71593360#!dgs=dgslt-221468:6803830 ) did n't see any g-strings in the rest of this beautiful album . 
  but i saw pictures of old decaying white trash holding bibles . 
  : dd that other pic you linked is not from lithuania . 
  may i suggest banning sd : ^ ), 
  i know that there have been demonstrations , accompanied by homophobic protest demonstrations , because in lithuania homosexual couples ca n't even get a civil partnership . 
  but there 's difference between that and parades . 
  also i 'd bet 50eur , no one was in nothing bus g-string there . 
  upvoted only because you answered the question , but i 'm glad you have no power in my country . 
  full equality . 
  marriage , partnership , equal adoption rights . 
  as far as i know , there has never been a lgbt * parade * in lithuania . 
   because eastern europe is not really comparable to northern america given its history . 
  and yet healthcare and employee-employer relationships are still better in eastern eu than usa . 
  not concerned , earth is overpopulated anyway . 
  if i ever want a kid , i 'll go to some poor land and adopt . 
  my bad , i meant between 1 and 2, 
  well that 's where i placed it haha . 
  the majority of times i 'm at coop , it 's in konsum , so maybe it 's different in bigger ones but i find a bigger variety of products in ica kvantum than coop konsum . 
  from my observations i 'd say nothing is more or less common , both of the activities are popular , usually at the same night . 
  pretty accurate . 
  coop , though , in my opinion would be between 1 and 2 , prices are a bit lower , choice of products is a bit smaller . 
  this is a broad , loaded question with an expectation of certain answers . 
  not sure about netherlands but usually when hearing the sirens , one should/must turn on the national tv/radio and the message about the reason of sirens is displayed . 
  there are also stuff like mobile apps for that and texts sent . 
  sounds pretty exotic and interesting actually . 
  when i suggested it to my boyfriend though as our `` love vacation '' destination , his response was : `` oh come on , it 's almost the same as sweden '' . 
  i 'd also like to visit distant parts of russia . 
  i 've been and some my colleagues are from there . 
  do n't really understand what do you mean , do you/they talk shit about stockholm ? 
  spotify premium . 
  thinking about mubi too . 
  contradicts the `` swedish values '' . 
  no one democratically elected the king , he has no political power and part of my taxes go to supporting the castle that he does n't even live in . 
  that 's unique , in the context of the rest of the answers . 
  why so ? 
  bra jobbat :p  the more shit talking about the country outside of stockholm , the more statistically likely it is the the person is a pretentious dick . 
  this is true too . 
  just the op 's question was about `` rednecks '' . 
  i 'd say , the more shit talking about stockholm , the more statistically likely it is that the person is a `` redneck '' . 
  non ironical usage of `` fj\u00f6lltr\u00e4sk '' = instantly confirmed `` redneck '' . 
  not sure if this belongs on any region though . 
  it 's in the head , not in the land . 
  it 's also the same person who claims/used to claim that estonia is nordic , not baltic . 
   this to a person , who knows a thing or two probably not more than two . 
  `` equality '' means equal opportunities regardless of one 's background , gender , sexual orientation and other things that are not one 's choice . 
  one will not be doomed to be poor for simply being born in a poor family , misfortunes that happened out of one 's control will not ruin one 's life and conclusions about one will not be drawn from existing stereotypes . 
  the fact that everyone is different is not the reason for equality to not exist , it 's the reason equality is * necessary * . 
  everyone in my class was different but everyone should have equal opportunities given to create the life they want ( within the law ) regardless of these differences . 
  either within [ -22 ; -5 ] no wind , or within [ 14 ; 25 ] with some wind , dry weather , can be with sun . 
  regarding temperatures , the stuff below the first range is really uncomfortable and is usually not enjoyable to be outside too long , above the second range i 'm dying , between the ranges is usually shitty weather where i do n't know how should i dress . 
  well , the inner city is out of question for low income workers anyway :d on the other side , i have a buddy who lives in a 2 room rent apartment around medborgarplatsen but she was a miner in norrbotten and has moved to stockholm 2 years ago to work in construction . 
  never actually wondered how did she manage to get that place . 
  i think i can see them on every product . 
  if it 's made in sweden or finland , there 's also a flag added , and for local food there is a specific logo that says `` from sweden '' . 
  clothes are often made in bangladesh , turkey , vietnam . 
  but that 's not a sweden thing , that 's a fast fashion based on sweatshops and capitalism thing . 
   reality : everyone is different ( well , i 'm not ) , therefore they ca n't be equal ; that 's wrong, 
  american memes about gulags and soviet dictators are indeed uncomfortable .
