  sounds like something a white , heterosexual , 18-55 , middle to upper class male would say, 
  marry a man then !, 
   it kinda makes me feel unwanted and looked down upon not just by people but by the state itself it makes you feel so because that 's exactly what 's happening . 
  your feelings are adequate to the situation . 
  on the other side , you can do the same to her . 
  same . 
  the only reason i 'd consider marrying is to have an excuse for an excessive party . 
  boyfriend is not into such stuff so the problem solves itself . 
  his parents are not married either . 
  they used to stream russian car accidents all through the night on the kitchen tv at my old work , with sound . 
  a great way to relax at 2:30 at night after deleting 300 spam emails from 300 computers . 
  the majority of vegans i know , including myself , primarily choose veganism for ethical and environmental reasons , not for health . 
  not as big as i 'd like it to be :d but not uncommon and one can notice it by it not being difficult to eat vegan ( which means that there is enough buyers ) without going to special shops or special restaurants and without having to suffer healthy diet . 
  even in a small city up north when i was on a skiing trip the organizers , who took care of the food , did n't get confused when i said i 'm vegan and made me an awesome vegan dish . 
  vegan facebook group has 15k + people . 
  also the most popular milk company is pushing an advert campaign about animals being treated very well in their farms , etc , which also shows that veganism is significant here , because they 're afraid to lose customers . 
  ah yes , i meant the parliament . 
  from their website . 
  but they do n't have any political power , as much as i know . 
  sverigedemokraterna , on the other side , is a thinly ( very thinly ) veiled fascist party with well known nazistic origins . 
  they are in the parliament . 
  very many people live here , barely any new apartments are being built , government rent apartment system is abused . 
  the most reasonable option , if one does n't get lucky with government rent , is buying . 
  still expensive but at least you end up owning the apartment and can later become a part of the cancer money making abuse . 
  honestly , i ca n't give any more detailed answer since economy is not my strong side haha . 
  but some sort of a housing price bubble is going on right now . 
  out of control . 
  well pretty often it 's ok to say man/en and avoid the whole he/she/they thing alltogether . 
  but i like the concept of `` hen '' and i use it . 
  whiny internet people saying it 's an unimportant problem that needs no solution clearly have n't been called the opposite gender enough . 
  i see it pretty often , do n't use myself though, 
  never , for ethical and environmental reasons . 
  do n't eat any other meat or animal products either though . 
  ouch, 
  well me too ... 
  i thought all of these were beautiful ( judging from your pictures ) . 
  kiruna and stockholm for me . 
  not sure about the ugliest , have n't seen the whole city that 's ugly . 
  katrineholm seemed dull but possibly it 's because my reason to be there was dull and it was a november evening . 
  well you should visit stockholm one more time then and go outside the centrum then . 
  sweden is in general pretty tolerant but i 've known multiple cases of people using a different name or a short , more `` international '' version of their name to avoid prejudice . 
  what is a wt name ? 
  i 've met one kevin in sweden and i did n't really like him . 
  also abortions are illegal . 
  or was that rumours ? 
   i 've been told it 's not much better than the us i mean it depends on what you seek for but ... hahahahahahaha . 
  sweden is definitely superior against the things you listed about the usa . 
  problem is the housing crisis , especially felt in bigger cities , especially in stockholm . 
  also sd gaining popularity . 
   and another one that is called traditional or historic flag i like [ this one ] ( https://img.lrytas.lt/show_foto/?f=4&amp;id=1129588&amp;s=20 ) by shaltmira, 
  60min . 
  it 's a 8-17 job so if there is something like one needs to go to doctor or anything really , as long as it 's notified to the boss and ok with others , it 's ok to take longer . 
  that was really good , thanks !, 
   t\u00ddr best viking metal band ever . 
  and now i 'll check the others you listed , 
  where do i begin haha  my favourites are sabaton , lost horizon , amon amarth , in flames, 
  hard to draw, 
  if i had to pick something , then polish on the other side , `` culture '' is a very broad term made up of really many things, 
  people in sk\u00e5ne ( malm\u00f6 and around it ) speak half danish and do n't have winter but that 's about it . 
  otherwise the differences seem to be more like big city-small city ( a.k.a. 
  probably the same in every european country ) , but nothing city-specific . 
  maybe it 's nothing bad in itself but i just do n't understand how it works , kinda . 
  the whole concept is weird and uncomfortable , and i 'm probably with my headphones + reading a book/browsing on my phone and don\u1e97 want it any other way . 
  in some specific situations outside work , `` smalltalk '' sometimes naturally happens but someone trying to talk to people without a reason is weird and uncomfortable, 
  soy sauce from a thai shop located in my country . 
  aside from that , lingonberry sauce . 
  not unique to sweden though . 
  i also read aftonbladet , it 's a tabloid though . 
  right , it was chokladbollens day a week ago . 
  yearly complaints about swedish traditions being destroyed by multiculturalism . 
  one would think that calling snack a racist slur is not a swedish tradition but ok ... on the other side , i 'm yet to meet someone actually calling a chokladboll `` negerboll '' irl . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojx8rwjg7y4 vanilla ninja - cool vibes ( switzerland , 2005 - wow that was long ago ) just as someone said earlier , there is something every year that i like but it gets forgotten , however i still sometimes listen to this song/band so i guess objectively thinking , it is my favourite performance . 
  third country , as in a non-eu country, 
  well europe , especially sweden , is certainly a good place to live . 
  but americans , who think they 're somehow different from other 3rd country immigrants trying to live a better life , are wrong . 
  of course , this is not targeted at every american immigrant but on reddit i 've seen multiple : `` american wants to move to sweden , have a question , is sweden not ruined by immigrants yet ? '', 
  poland is not exactly known for using nationalism/patriotism in healthy doses . 
   in sweden you 're seen as an alcoholic if you drink alcohol every day , but not if you get shit-faced just two days a week . 
  that 's pretty true . 
  on the other side , if someone does n't drink at all or barely drinks , it usually does n't draw any negative attention . 
  mine too . 
  oh i though i was replying to that other who commented basically the same . 
  well my point still stands , your comment has the same sentiment and arbitrary entitled `` decision '' , which is not the same as replying do you like something or no . 
  it also seems like you just really want to pull tired sexist memes on someone . 
  but we both know it 's just your defence mechanism . 
  and in case you do n't get to meet another female internet user to project your problems on today - +47 815 33 300, 
   offended by my comment just because your comment is stupid does n't mean i 'm offended . 
   i 'm free to feel however i want me too . 
  you saying that people wear `` too much make up '' and that it 's `` time for less make up '' is equally valid as me saying that it 's time for less stupid comments like yours  you must be a feminist . 
  of course i am . 
  only in reddit universe being a feminist is a negative thing , though . 
  insecure ? 
  time for less , less , less useless comments, 
  tried to google it but only found [ this ] ( http://www.ohchr.org/en/newsevents/pages/displaynews.aspx?langid=e&amp;newsid=17226 ) , about a list of careers banned for women in russia . 
  maybe it was russia all along . 
   although some employers specify applicants of what gender they are looking for . 
  this is pretty bad ... 
   `` need some makeup to look presentable '' on a slightly related note , is it true that there are 400 + job positions in ukraine that are forbidden for women ? 
  it 's nothing wrong in itself but in the `` context '' of our society , i do n't think this question is really good to ask . 
  i mean how the way women look is being discussed too much and is taken too seriously vs. men are generally allowed to look how they want as long as it 's clean .
