nothing is regulated . 
  it would be bad but at least i 'd have some control over my choices . 
   answer - the people !, 
  but you wrote women . 
  also commented on their looks , and the whole comment sounds as if being attractive and have a nice personality is unusual . 
  no , it 's nothing bad in itself . 
  it 's just bad in the context of existing norms and costs me nothing to point out . 
  i have a feeling that if all hungarians you 've met were men , the comment would be `` people are fun to talk to and hang out with '' , not `` men are not only attractive , but also fun to talk to and hang out with '' . 
   women are not only attractive , but also fun to talk to and hang out with always looks wrong when redditors slap together women from some country together with food , architecture , etc. 
  today the train to work was stopped for 20min because someone about 15km to the south ran out on the rails and all trains were stopped . 
  a few months ago the train unexpectedly stopped in the same station because it broke , next one should have come in 7min but came after 50 . 
  i was late to work . 
  as i already said before , when europe is aging but in general we have an overpopulation problem in the world ... 
  the problem solves itself . 
  yes , but only the big ones in grocery stores . 
  the small , clear ones for fruit and vegetables are free , so are bags from most shops like clothes , book , electronics shops . 
  i keep a plastic bag in both of the backpacks i own in case i decide to buy stuff spontaneously . 
  most of the time say that i do n't need a bag when they attempt to pack my stuff and buy all the fruits/vegetables loose . 
  the only reason i need some plastic bags is to clean my cat 's toilet . 
  i really hope so !, 
  white supremacist , not that common but not non-existent . 
  about alt-right , i 'd say that / r/sweden is very alt-right leaning , a popular swedish discussion board too . 
  however i rarely get to meet someone like that outside the internet so it 's still pretty good . 
  i get an idea that the usa has effectively no left wing . 
  democrats are like center-center right , republicans are radical right . 
  this thought is also strengthened by seeing how americans seem to think the idea of free education and healthcare is some sort of utopia . 
  it 's also confusing to read on reddit when someone brings up `` liberals '' because `` liberals '' in europe are centrists/moderates who may have progressive ideas regarding social equality but the key meaning is representing liberal economy . 
  if that was as left as we could get in sweden , i 'd be disappointed and sad . 
  is finland 's green party left or right leaning ? 
  your comment sounds gross and gives sexist vibes, 
  awwww :d, 
  boys and kids ? 
  haha well it sounds like it * could * in principle help me to not play with shoestrings , empty cups , pen , my hair , snus box , iphone cable all day while at work . 
  but this stuff is only annoying to me and probably does n't draw anyone else 's attention , while the spinner would and i would maybe look `` autistic '' . 
  i know that they exist here but i have n't seen them irl . 
  maybe because i do n't know any kids . 
  i 've seen adult people in adhd sweden facebook group talking about them though . 
  maybe i 'll get one myself . 
   europe is facing an existential threat no it 's not . 
  you right wingers are crazy . 
  yes . 
  what is moral can be discussed , especially when some people ( like op ) do n't care about being good , but the fact that death penalty is completely irreversible can not . 
  a human is not a tree , if she does n't like where she is , she can move . 
  move to turkey , they have death penalty there . 
  also middle eastern countries . 
  do n't push that shit on europe . 
  what i try to point out is do n't call everyone a `` gentleman '', 
  no , now it 's also grammatically incorrect . 
  other people/redditors/users / europeans would be correct . 
  i 'd definitely recommend trying couchsurfing . 
  i used it the first time i solotravelled and several times later , really nice experience . 
  unless the point of your travel is to be alone , then my advice is irrelevant , 
   other gentlemen ugh . 
  the colourful box looks like it could be from `` rituals '' . 
  of course , i do n't know the size or the exact shape but i recently bought perfume in a similar box , they certainly sell other kinds too . 
   aborcja thank to girls that you can do it at all in regressive poland, 
  i do n't want kids but if i wanted ... scania , svea , jenny , freja . 
  if it 's a boy - sven , svante , kim . 
  i also really like double names but they might look a bit dated on a kid . 
  i have n't witnessed anyone being fired/dismissed . 
  was only once dismissed myself from my first it job because for a couple months before that there was basically no work to do and it did n't look like there would be in the future so the company decided to remove this position at all . 
  i got my last salary paid , a compensation ( size of 1 month 's salary ) and all the vacation days , that i have n't taken , paid . 
  yes, 
  my boyfriend has been to aruba twice because he loves it . 
  keeps telling me i should go with him sometime because it 's the `` best nature ever '' :d, 
  in terms of feelings , no difference for me . 
  i 'd value the effort . 
  well i usually buy a 0,7 l 80sek finnish wine . 
  but i drink the whole bottle during the evening . 
  well i 'll just answer based on my limited knowledge about it ... not even trying to deny that i might be heavily wrong . 
  i see iran as one of these islam ruled , war torn dictatorships where being a woman or a non heterosexual person extra sucks . 
  israel aside , i do n't know any key differences between the middle eastern countries , they all seem like bad places to live for the same reasons : dictatorships , religion having power , usa periodically destabilizing them , general inequality , internal conflicts . 
  i mean when there 's in general aging population problem present in europe but overpopulation problem present in the whole world ... the solution is pretty obvious . 
  what 's the point of drinking just a glass of wine . 
  it 's too expensive , better drink juice then if you just want a glass . 
  i like weed and i 'm probably at risk of developing alcohol problem but the whole negative talk about weed is not entirely wrong . 
  and maybe even less wrong than most of the weed-positive talk . 
  if weed was as widely accessible , widely accepted and widely `` traditional '' as alcohol is at this point i can totally see it causing similar problems in the society as alcohol does . 
  i love both . 
  maybe i 'm biased because i used to work mostly at nights , but going to work when it 's dark and leaving work when it 's dark and having lunch when it 's not dark but not really bright feels `` right '' and `` safe '' for me . 
  but when it 's always bright my mood is more naturally cheerful . 
  did you just call sweden denmark . 
  alaska . 
  that 's only based on the climate and nature so the rest ( which i do n't know ) might be a disappointment ... 
  short answer to this whole post : ** no **, 
  also contraceptives . 
  you can certainly get them in sweden if you look a bit . 
  well i do n't want sexist third country male refugees who plan to rape women ( yes , non accidental impregnation without constent is rape ) in europe . 
  why do n't they stay in murica and try to make it a better place to live , 
  a few centimeters above average in sweden but not really tall . 
  i do n't . 
  for the finns : buying snus . 
  i trust their skill and morals , the only problem is that it 's not enough of police people in sweden . 
  nice coincidence , exactly after reading your comment i got a snapchat from zara :d but nothing 's wrong with her !, 
   kim i think this is a really cool guy name ... the only kim i 've ever met was cool , too, 
   i would n't say it was abuse i would ... 
  this is really uncomfortable to read, 
   he same reasoning can be found today , 40 years later , in / r/parenting whaaaaaat, 
  majestic . 
   the fact that neither people nor situations are the same , and a society requires hierarchies that reflect those differences .
