a good tip would be to always say danke/bitte . 
  to expand on this : when replying to something offered , `` danke '' ( thank you ) means `` no , thank you '' , and `` bitte '' ( please ) means `` yes , please '' . 
  oh , he 's not referring to church tax . 
  clergy here is paid like officials . 
  for example , for a bishop , it 'll depend on where he is and how senior , but it 'll start at ~ 7000 euro/month , from regular tax money . 
  in total adds up to about 400-500 million euro per year . 
  church tax is extra . 
  further delegating down is up to the state . 
  would `` the english isles '' be better ? 
  of course there are . 
  but there 's also people who are now simply driving as they 're comfortable , and who , if they were forced to drive slower , would probably be less attentive of the road , and less comfortable . 
  tends to even out . 
  the thing is ... they actually are n't . 
  we do n't have more fatalities as a result . 
  most people end up driving at a speed they 're comfortable with , which tends to fall between 100 and 110 mph , and they 're doing fine . 
  the politically motivated decision to phase out nuclear before phasing out coal was a terrible move . 
  2 ) not that i 'm aware . 
  3 ) we 're in for a wild ride . 
  we still have some influence on how wild . 
  4 ) i do n't have a car . 
  i also try to do my part in the reduce/reuse/recycle thing . 
  well , in parts of the autobahn . 
  some parts do have local speed limits - about a third permanently , add construction zones and temporarly limits due to weather . 
  but where those are n't , go as fast as you want , or traffic permits . 
  this really is a significant issue . 
  the slogan `` free driving for free citizens '' shows that it 's considered a `` fundamental '' thing . 
   the private one is often cheaper when you are younger the problem tho is that it gets really really expensive later on and if you are one time out of the sickness fund you probably wo n't get into it again . 
  that 's why the majority of germans are in the statutory health insurance . 
  it 's because if you 're an employee making less than 4800 euro/month , you ca n't leave the public system . 
   our health insurance is way too integrated into the ` of course it 's the government 's responsibility to get us good insurance ' believe to have any party survive that tries to greatly reduces it . 
  and thank god . 
  average driving speed outside of settlements . 
  no , asia does n't go that far . 
  eurasia does . 
  there 's a difference . 
  also , there 's fringe definitions for everything , does n't make them accepted . 
   except that does n't take into account armenia , azerbaijan , kazakhstan , and georgia . 
  yeah , those are in asia . 
  so ... duh . 
   technically there is no european continent , it 's a cultural delineation . 
  it was . 
  we have a pretty solid understanding of where we place the borders now . 
  they are n't dictated by language , or we may as well include india ( you know , the other half of the indo-european group ) . 
  those are the relevant limits , and there 's no reason to muddy them up . 
   and the way to create your family life the way you want it frankly , no matter how pure your intentions , we 've seen too many people with the desire to create their family life without pesky things like actual information going to the children that 'd lead to them ending up as adults with independent thoughts , and we do n't want any of that for a reason . 
  well , i like myself a moderate to conservative option , so democrat it is . 
  to expand on this : the ruhrgebiet mostly fell out because it used to be a coal producing area , and got too expensive as the deposits near the surface dried up . 
  meanwhile , the south was able to attract the modern high-tech industries instead . 
  in elections , the area is dominated by the social democrats ( spd , center-left ) , traditionally the `` worker 's party '' - how much of that is left is up to debate , but voters are slow to change . 
  no one 's promising to do particulary much for the area , seeing how there 's still the even worse off east to consider first . 
  regardless of what happens in or to russia , i do n't think russia will ever feel comfortable in a union that it does n't dominate , or be healthy to such a union . 
  russia is too large , both in landmass and spirit . 
  i can imagine a close cooperation with a russia that has found its `` inner peace '' , but no more than that . 
  as for turkey , that 's a different problem . 
  let 's start with the obvious : it 's not a european country . 
  that aside , the conservative mindset that does n't suit the european liberalism is rooted deep in the country . 
  we 'd be talking about a wholly different people than there are living in turkey right now to make them compatible with us . 
  unlikely . 
  there 's the option for a game-changing move if hitler somehow manages to convince the japanese not to be dumbasses and attack \\* the us , and instead push into russia through manchuria . 
  that * may * cut off the us-russian trade lines , * may * keep the us out of active combat , and would draw russia into a two front war . 
  would it have changed matters ? 
  who knows , too many unknown variables at that point . 
  i think , down the line , it would mostly have helped with the whole mess that was the cold war . 
  i 'm going south asap . 
  zombies are probably not the smartest climbers , and i do n't want to still be here when isar ii melts down . 
  also , i hear italy is nice at this time of the year . 
   ehh , 5 euro fine ? 
  does that ever stop anyone ? 
  they usually do n't even take it , they just warn you . 
  it 's more of having a legal foundation for all the stuff you put up . 
  but you 're right , germany has some rather lax punishments when it comes to traffic . 
   a new party can considerably alter the landscape . 
  yes , * can * . 
  and that actually happened , 25 years ago . 
  with the green party . 
  but the afd changes nothing . 
  it 's a chunk of the conservative wing falling off with a healthy dose of neoliberalism mixed in . 
  now the right wing of what 's left of the cdu/csu moves far enough right to replace the loonies that left , the centrist wing has more power than before to counter the presense of the afd in any parliament ( because there 's less right-wingers left inside ) , and that 's it . 
  the dynamics are the same , i.e. 
  merkel wins in half a year with exactly the same government she has now , parliament works exactly as it does now , and the screeching of he afd gets ignored exactly as the screeching of the left . 
   germany and yes . 
  wrong . 
  5 euro fine . 
  as for acceptable , here 's still the place to see people wait at red lights at 3am with no cars nearby . 
  ours was pretty much designed from the ground up to be just that , after what happened the last time we went on the populist train . 
  legal : i 'm not sure what you 're going with here , but i think the closest to this is the unchangeable part of the constitution . 
  as far as i understand , the us constitution lets you `` amend '' anything out or in . 
  in the german one , the first 20 articles are unchangeable [ ( eternity clause ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eternity_clause ) . 
  political : a parliamentary system means a single person can always only have that much power . 
  the real power , including that to fire the one person , is distributed among 600 others . 
  a proportional system ( okay , actually [ mmp ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mixed-member_proportional_representation ) ) means you avoid the two-party system that divides the us , and eventually sheds the extremists into fringe parties , where they ca n't influence the big parties nearly as much . 
  further , the focus on the parliamentary system means that a single person ca n't even pull that much , because the only person you vote for directly is a local representative . 
  everyone that matters is voted in by parliament . 
  it does n't matter if that one guy has a great pull if you ca n't get people to also support his party in general . 
  on top of that , power is more distributed in the executive . 
  the us president 's functions ( head of state , head of government , commander-in-chief ) are distributed between three people here . 
  cultural : denazification and the ongoing anti-nazi education helps , as does the memory of the other dictatorship we had with the gdr . 
  yes , you actually can . 
  those people did n't appear out of nowhere . 
  they were always there .
