  if you love the tolerant culture you 'll feel right at home in these countries . 
   multiculturalism is not a phenomenon , it 's an idea . 
  it 's both . 
   immigration does n't cause multiculturalism . 
  it can very much cause multiculturialism . 
  failure to integrate/assimilate groups wether intended or not , leads to the phenomenon of multiculturialism . 
  just do n't , europe is not the fairytale people tell you it is . 
  you 're probably better of where you are now . 
  large foreign communities can increase multiculturialism , does n't mean immigration is the same as multiculturialism , it means immigration * can * cause/increase multiculturialism . 
  and it will in this case . 
  no it did n't . 
   an exception are ethnic turks , no one really knows why . 
  most people tried to explain it with religion ( most immigrants in germany are christians , at least before the refugee thing ) but i 've heard of recent sutdies that suggest it 's not the religion either that explains the lack of integration amongst turks ( no idea where i can find those studies , so i 'm kinda lacking proof here ) . 
  the turks also happen to be the largest group of immigrants , that 's why people might think mulitculturalism is a bad idea for germany . 
  we have the same in the netherlands , but also with maroccans ( in the netherlands maroccans are a larger group than turks out of the top of my head ) . 
  i gues nobody can really tell why exactly , in detail , things turned out as they did . 
  but i can tell that , given that we ca n't , the most likely outcome of doing it again will not be different than last time . 
  the european commission knew of the scandal years before it went public , so it 's both the eu and memberstates . 
  my post implied no such thing . 
   an exception are ethnic turks , no one really knows why . 
  most people tried to explain it with religion ( most immigrants in germany are christians , at least before the refugee thing ) but i 've heard of recent sutdies that suggest it 's not the religion either that explains the lack of integration amongst turks ( no idea where i can find those studies , so i 'm kinda lacking proof here ) . 
  the turks also happen to be the largest group of immigrants , that 's why people might think mulitculturalism is a bad idea for germany . 
  we have the same in the netherlands , but also with maroccans ( in the netherlands maroccans are a larger group than turks out of the top of my head ) . 
  i gues nobody can really tell why exactly , in detail , this turned out as it did . 
  but i can tell that , given that we ca n't , the most likely outcome of doing it again will not be different than last time . 
  or in other words ;  insanity : doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results . 
   which is an island nation in the indian ocean . 
  does n't matter , there 's x km ^ 2 of land and y people to share it with . 
   then rwanda slightly above us and burundi slight below us . 
  then a whole lot of nothing . 
  that 's already two more densily populated and one roughly the same . 
  you may have also noticed that i used the netherlands as an extreme , most of europe is less densily populated than the netherlands . 
   i 'm not sure how well that one holds up as an example of freedom . 
  i never held anyone up as an example of freedom , just pointed out different views on freedom . 
  i was pretty sure mauritius was in africa too . 
   no it 's not funny or weird . 
  the opposite of multiculturalism does n't mean no immigration . 
  indeed it does n't . 
  i do n't know for germany , but we have many examples of well integrated groups , surinames , indonesians etc. 
  also examples of groups that integrated very poorly if at all , moroccans , turks etc. 
   it simply means that you want assimilation instead of integration it may mean that , however this system has not been proven to be effective for all groups . 
   sure , but keep in mind that many of the things you initially listed can be directly traced back to very densely populated areas . 
  it 's a factor , but not decisive . 
  i 've been in african countries with a larger population density than the netherlands , and they where much more lenient with everything , despite their lack of room . 
   parking tickets , zoning and building laws , you name it , are all in order to prevent a densely populated area from falling into chaos . 
  i 've not seen these regions falling into chaos despite being more densily populated than us , then again things are n't that black and white usually . 
  it did have some very noticable effects of course , they ruined much of their nature/environment for one , however , so did we despite all the rules . 
   like holocaust denial prohibition or racism for the first and political correctness for the second ? 
  yes , but hate speech altogether for the first in most cases . 
  correct , they 're synonymous for the cultures currently being imported though , past experience has shown us that much . 
   not really . 
  we have yet to see how the current situation will play out . 
  i already told you how it will play out . 
  you will have rather large and growing syrian , iraqi , afghani and a couple of other additional communities in germany , increasing multiculturialism . 
  it is however quite funny that she 's opposed to multiculturialism but is introducing large foreign communities in germany . 
  she 's increasing multiculturialism eventhough she 's against it . 
  it 's just different corruption the eu is plagued by . 
  it 's bigger , involves a smaller number but larger sums of money , and misuse of power . 
  it 's generally less transparent and people are not confronted by it every day , but it 's just as worse , if not worse . 
  generally it 's the environment , health , workers or poor suffering from it . 
  i once asked a lithuanian how much money a lithuanian car manufacturer would need to bribe the authorities in order to use fraudulent emmission numbers , i 'm now waiting for his reponse . 
   which sounds nice until you do the math and figure out this would require a doubling of existing taxes to fund the program . 
  this journalist does n't seem to know much of what he 's talking about . 
   this transfer would barely replace what low-income finns already get under their existing social support system wait , he does , he 's just stupid . 
   so the bloated scheme would simply pay out big cheques to those who do n't need them , bloated ? ... 
  this man is not even trying anymore . 
   doing little to help those who are struggling . 
  he never even mentioned the possibility of working part-time without losing benefits increasing the job-prospects for unemployed . 
  neither did he mention the ` working poor ' gaining a lot of income . 
  so far for some research before writing an article . 
  nor did he consider the possibility of other and notably more goals than ` those that are struggling ' . 
   not only would this plan be unimaginably expensive , roughly 48 billion euro , or + / - 33 % of the finnish government budget . 
  that 's not all that high when you consider social spending is usually the largest budget perk . 
   but it 's hard to see why there would be any social gain that would begin to offset the costs . 
  being at least a tad informed about a subject before writing an article might help with the seeing part . 
  the molukkers might have done it in the former dutch indies if we had kept our promise . 
  it 's not even in europe and has nothing to do with europe , so gues it 's also off-topic . 
   disallowed submissions :  non-european news and politics - the largest subreddit for these topics is / r/worldnews . 
  my house is built just fine thank you , if there 's one country with an abundance of laws and regulation it 's the netherlands . 
  probably not , we 've the same sort of rules , but they only apply to certain benefits , and the heights/rules differ . 
  for example you 're not allowed to have more than 21.600 euro in savings if you wish to recieve rent reduction , or not allowed to have over twice a monthly income if you wish to recieve reduction in municipal taxes , and you can only have so much savings if you wish to recieve welfare , otherwise you 'll have to eat your savings first before recieving welfare . 
  but temporary unemployment benefits are an insurance at the social insurance bank , you 'll always recieve those as you pay for them , and the more you earn the more you pay . 
  at least that 's the way they do it here . 
  however i 've never heard of our government including jewelry or other personal things , i do n't even think they count those , only cars / / house/motorcycles/boats ( 20km/h + ) because they are registered goods . 
  that does n't happen that often , and when it does , they do n't know any better than that it can happen . 
  happens in europe too by the way . 
  there 's definitely a difference in africa with regards to this , of course africa is huge and has plenty of divergence between regions/countries , but i have seen none of them reaching european levels of restrictions . 
  although i 've not been everywhere . 
   if you want to go into the definition of freedom , be my guest , but try to keep it short because defining ` freedom ' can go on forever , even if you take it into only one cultural context . 
  i think i kept it rather short , and with due explanation . 
  if you disagree , or miss something , you 're welcome to add what , how and why . 
   what way does europe not completely have it was what i was more curious to hear your opinion about . 
  europe does not have freedom of speech or expression . 
  some forms of speech/expression are limited by law , others by certain political groups . 
  this to varying degree in different countries . 
  to end the conflict it was not a good idea back then to start redrawing borders . 
  now that the gunpowder clouds have vanished , the armies are in disarray , and the countries involved have had a taste of peace and freedom , it could be time to redraw the borders to create a region of tenable , cohesive states while integrating them into the eu . 
   those rules are not so constricting at all as you make them out to be . 
  at least i ca n't see them as such . 
  they are quite clear rules for logical reasons and people break them a little all the time when it seems logical for them to do so .
