but i 'm guessing ` wehr ' means defending ( afweren/weren ? 
  here you dropped something ; ` r ' . 
  it 's citro\u00ebn . 
   maybe we were smart enough to recognize war as a shitty thing at one point ? 
  we always where . 
  the netherlands was never fond of war , it just came to us being an important global power . 
   not that it helped when we got to fucking with indonesia lot of people seem to forget what some indonesian rebels did to ethnic minorities in indonesia . 
  we did n't kick in the door after the japanese left because we liked war . 
   i wonder where we got the word ` oorlog ' from . 
  frisian probably . 
  krijg seems to be a dutch word for war too . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.woorden.org/woord/krijg ) eventhough i 've never heard it before . 
  oarloch is frisian too . 
  old frisian is orloch , nearly the same as old english ; ` orlege ' . 
  just another day in the burgundian netherlands . 
  it 's even worse than i thought . 
  it 's a [ french carmaker ] ( http://media.autoweek.nl/m/m1my68hbeba2.jpg ) . 
  poor citro\u00ebn , can not into relevance . 
  it 's better if they leave , they were never part of the eu anyway and that wo n't change with an ` in-vote ' on the referendum . 
  it 's probably ideological . 
  he refuses to believe the eu is not a country . 
  but not as good . 
  no it 's the other way around , an army is useless without a common foreign policy . 
  well you guys wo n't help us , so we do n't owe you anything . 
  i gues that 's fine . 
  a common eu army should be limited to western europe ( in fact , the entire eu should be limited to western europe ), 
  i wish they did , but i gues this country is too good for them , ans their turkey does n't actually exist except in their fantasy . 
   unfortunately no . 
  because someone has 1 ) to pay the countries that keep them offshore 2 ) the countries/barriers must be willing to take the burden and keep them offshore for you . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  we brought these people in ourselves . 
  this is not the refugeecrisis . 
   isolationism does n't work , it 's just a pretext for avoiding competition . 
  it 's not isolationism to have a migration policy based on merits and not feelz . 
  or a cold heineken , you 've probably been drinking too much belgian beers this week . 
   hold on there putin , i completely forgot about those issues  but , i hope i was clear on what the direction of my demands would be . 
  not to worry comrade , just wanted to add it . 
    ( and it seems it will be , soon ? 
  ) , it 's not the first time we 've been ` close ' , we should be hopeful , but also be prepared for it to collapse again . 
  especially now that cyprus will be the cross roads of some new proposed gas piping from israel to greece/italy , the stakes are rising and turkey is getting more aggressive . 
  then independence will not help with that . 
  it is just meant to be . 
  yuck , i prefer a can of pickles with my macaroni . 
   you do n't understand what i meant . 
  if i say european foreign policy , then i mean that the states committed to it do n't get to have a say in it any more themselves . 
  of course , i do n't see any other way than that if we want a european foreign policy . 
  memberstates should no longer have a say over foreign policy affairs or military affairs . 
  that would be up to the european commission and parliament . 
  what i was saying is that without a common foreign policy , this ( my previous reply ) is what we would see if we would create a european army regardless . 
   the best way to hurt such an union is by going strongly against the will of some of it 's members . 
  mandatory quotas was extremely bad policy . 
  maybe it can clean up the eu until we 're left with the western european union . 
   i do n't know much about basque or galician , but the percentage of native catalan speakers has been steadily declining for decades . 
  it 's now at 34 % in catalonia and as low as 20 % in valencia . 
  the situation in the balearic islands is a bit better ( about 50 % ) but catalan is also declining there . 
  that could perfectly be a natural phenomenon . 
  are there reasons to blame the spanish government for that ? 
  because the germans are isolationist , the belgians are n't . 
  there are no common grounds where either country would benefit of seriously integrating their armed forces . 
  the military occupation of an eu member is fine besides all that ? 
  and the border dispute with another eu member does not need to be solved ? 
   and anyone who voted for that cunt should be ashamed of themselves . 
  that 's like 64 % of the ( voting ) dutch turks . 
  hopeful news , they should open another accession chapter as a show of good faith . 
  switserland should be incorperated into grober deutschland , this could be a nice first operation for the european army to test its effectiveness and resolve . 
  what 's your back-up plan ? 
  i 'm fine with it , the russians wo n't invade western europe , but i would be surprised if you would n't at least entertain the thought of a european military as an alternative . 
  the us military might not be around forever . 
  especially now that the us is facing increasing power projection around the world . 
  at some point the global us military hegemony will be tested , and the ability to maintain that might just rely on improving relations with russia , or at the least not worsening them . 
  that 's not a very long time . 
  it 's semantics of course , but with ' a long time ' i would think of 50 years or something . 
  they wo n't be an equal in 10 years , but the us army has many commitments around the world and south-east asia is quite a long way from the us , it wo n't be hard to surpass the regional power of the us . 
  and its ability to move forces from one commitment to another will only be able provided that we will not see any other conflict that requires attention and commitment . 
  if we do , that would basically signal in the beginning of the end of us global military hegemony . 
  it might be a good thing if that would happen , it would provide for a healthy incentive for taking some responsibility . 
  belgium does not fit in there , luxemburg has no army . 
  i 'm not sure if that holds true , china 's military has gained enormous strength the past 10 years . 
  if it continues like that , it will be a powerful force in 10 years . 
  he 's vice-emperor of europe too under emperor merkel , remember ? 
  depends , when we still had conscription you could deny based on ideological grounds for example . 
  you would just have to do community service instead of military service . 
   what use is it ? 
  nothing , because the armed forces will not be used for its intended purpose , instead europe would be in a political deadlock everytime something happens weakening us even more . 
  what will happen is that nations will keep their armies in such a state that they 're able to operate alone . 
  interoperability will remain a secondary , and that is more or less the state we 're currently already in . 
  in which case one should wonder what the benefits are to semi-integrate some units . 
  and i did n't even start with the overseas territories yet , or overseas deployment . 
  and all that is even not considering the issues we 'll have with budgets . 
  if we do n't equalize the budgets , there will be no central command , and the armed forces will be dominated by a few countries , there would also be no cohesion and i can not see that leading to anything good . 
  do n't get me wrong , i will support a european army , but not before a european foreign policy and equal contributions to a central budget . 
  stereotypes ? 
  greece hosts one of the largest standing armies in nato . 
  i was refering to them having relatively the highest defense budget in europe . 
  the greek army is among the most powerful in europe . 
  that would need some serious change though . 
  for starters , equal budgets . 
  which means a lot of members will have to significantly increase their spending on defense to reach the levels of the uk or france , let alone greece . 
  for second a combined foreign policy . 
  we would need a european stance on the greek-turkish territorial disputes , we would need a european stance on the military of occupation of cyprus , we would need european stance on how to counter russia .
