   an opt-out on `` ever closer union '' and a mechanism where groups of national parliaments can claw back powers if they wanted to . 
  i do not see how the uk can stay part of the eu . 
  maybe it is best , if these are the ` demands ' , that they just leave . 
   it broadly reflects the uk 's unwillingness to treat the eu as a `` state under construction '' : he wants deals and agreements that will enable the uk to continue to treat the eu as a market and not a political union . 
  then he 's better of leaving the eu and negotiating some deal , either become an eea member or an fta . 
  what cameron actually wants is a dissolution of the eu , but he wants everybody to dissolve it not just the uk . 
  the first cracks in schengen ? 
  i would n't be surprised if we end up with dijsselbloem 's idea of a mini-schengen . 
   it 's a sad thing the eu still is n't managing to set up a unified external border control system where a european agency registers all that want to enter , and then processes them accordingly . 
  that only makes sense if after registering they 're temporarily held there , and there 's a permanent distribution scheme across the eu , and indeed no further ability to apply for asylum in europe . 
  however , half the countries in the eu do n't want this . 
  people need to face there wo n't be a european solution as much as it is needed , because countries are far too far apart in their ` opinion ' . 
  the solution will have to be smaller , done by countries not the eu , and preferably as many as possible . 
  hope you did n't lose your hat , these december storms are always unpredictable . 
  this is in italy , they already entered . 
   it is amazing how often you hear let 's send them back and you end up in a plane that is not allowed to land and/or in the end flies home with all the `` unwanted '' . 
  a state ca n't deny entrance of its own citizens . 
  people often mistakenly believe we need permission to deport people , we do n't . 
  of course the recieving state can throw a fuz , but if we put them in a plane , that plane will land , and these people wo n't be coming back , considering they 've no visa and an airliner is not allowed to fly them . 
  should an airliner fly them , they 're responsible for all the costs as a result of that . 
  ( which can end up in tens of thousands of euro 's per person , so airliners avoid that ), 
  a bit late for that , they already entered . 
   the worst part is i got 200 + upvotes for this . 
  there 's nothing nice about this method and principally speaking it 's nothing short of xenophobic , an upvote does n't mean `` that 's nice i 'll upvote it '' . 
  you do have a point you know , we ca n't keep getting millions of people walk over our borders as if we 're non-existent , especially not until european countries find a common aproach including redistribution . 
  i mean all the people coming here need to end up somewhere in a handful of countries . 
  people keep saying `` 500 million citizens , 28 countries , we can do this '' , but not even half is assisting in this crisis , never mind those who 're even making it worse . 
  if one wants to say turn them back , fine , but this is going too far . 
  glad you 're gone . 
  i gues our standard response was not so bad after all . 
  they where too entitled , they had more rights than our own citizens . 
  we 're just making their stay safe and basic , not luxurious so as to draw economic immigrants . 
  let 's remember they 're refugees , they come here for shelter and safety . 
  we should protest too `` we are citizens , no fingerprints ! '', 
  what do you mean ? 
  alright , but i thought the majority of finns is against nato ? 
   i 'd call anyone a neo-nazi who speaks of the german occupation with fondness . 
  i did n't say it was fun . 
  i said we did not have as much to endure as other countries . 
  they did n't teach you any history about ww2 ? 
  how the nazi 's thought of the slavs ? 
  what they did to the poles , ukrainians , belarussians and russians ? 
  they had a beef with the french , they wanted to humiliate them as the french had done to the germans , they wanted to steal from them as the french had done in the interbellum . 
  they did n't have any beef with us . 
  it does n't mean it is fun being occupied , just that ww2 was not nearly as horrible for us as it was for the slavs . 
  but i gues the nazi card has been drown , conversation at this point seems pointless . 
  you go around and call everybody nazi if that what makes your boat float , i 'm not a nazi , but i could n't care less . 
   i 'm amazed / r/europe has upvoted you so much , maybe its just a brigade from somewhere perhaps you should reread what i 've written , and remove the tinfoil hat . 
  india is not exactly the best example of a well functioning state . 
  if europe wants to become a country , i would rather see it better functioning than that . 
  excuse me ? 
   thing is , we ca n't just pretend it did n't happen : hmm ? 
   it did , and someone is to blame . 
  someone is , yes . 
  no shit sherlock . 
   either that or aliens , so i 'm betting on the rebels . 
  that 's quite some mental gymnastics you 're doing there . 
   i thought after ww2 people from the netherlands would realize their security is dependent on locking their more powerful neighbors into projects , treaties , agreements , etc , and make the use of war more costly than the gains . 
  not exactly . 
  we never really where enemies of the germans , and we did not taste the horrids of war like some others did . 
  economically it was the best thing that had happened to us in a while , and the nazi 's considered us ` fellow germanic ' . 
  things went rough during the hunger winter , the germans started to like us less , but that is nothing like what the poles , russians , ukranians and belarussians had to endure . 
  and we 've seen no fighting nearly as intensive as the east , or even france . 
  our biggest issue was with japan occupying and invading our lands in the pacific . 
  i think you 're confusing us with france , the germans probably do n't even need an army to annex us , many dutch would n't mind or would even support forming a state with germany . 
  it 's one of the only countries in europe we really have something with . 
  the eu does n't want to protect its border , dehomogenization of european memberstates is a european policy . 
  but even if it wanted to , and it would try to , who says it wo n't end up being another eurozone or schengenzone ? 
  european projects tend to end up in disaster , i think it 's first time to show what its worth and regain some trust before handing over anymore powers and responsibilities . 
   finland was never a soviet puppet state , even better , finland use to be part of russia . 
  it 's not even 100 years ago that finland declared itself independent from russia, 
  are you saying countries without nato membership do n't get automatically invaded ? 
  i 'm shocked i tell you . 
   so i gues we do n't know exactly what happened . 
  clearly i 'm talking about which story to believe , yes jamie , anything more ? 
  but the eu wo n't control the outer border . 
  so it 's not a question of efficiency , but a question of defending your borders , or having no borders . 
   it 's a good idea . 
  come on , it 's not funny anymore . 
  i do n't know , you 're talking to a fin , he lives in the country that shares the longest border with russia and is not a nato member . 
  maybe he can tell you what the russian occupation of finland is like ? 
   that there are no concrete steps being taken by european polities to do business elsewhere , ** within the eu , ** yea , let 's celebrate the paris climate agreement by changing to coal firing production and wood stoves . 
  you 're on +2 , while any response that is not `` dae putler invading < russia nazi facist state '' gets downvoted to oblivion . 
  there 's no way in hell you 're going to have a decent discource about russia here . 
  you might as well go stand over a water well and hear your own echo , has the same effect . 
   the spinelli group is an initiative founded with a view to reinvigorate the strive for federalisation of the european union ( eu ) , [ ... ] the group is named after altiero spinelli ( 1907 -- 1986 ) , founder of the union of european federalists ( uef ) and a founding father of the european integration . [ ... 
  ] the group was founded by guy verhofstadt , [ ... ] and honorary president of the union of european federalists ( uef ) in belgium ... we from wc-duck advise wc-duck . 
  i do n't think he 's joking . 
   the context of the question is basically helping people out until the state/local bureaucracy has the time to process and find them a long-term residence , it takes about 8-10 years to get them a long-term social residence in the big cities here , + / - 2-3 years if they go to more rural area 's . 
  especially now that asylumseekers no longer have priority they will be years on the waiting list here , we do n't have enough homes for our own youth , let alone migrants . 
  there 's an asylumcenter coming here close to my home , these people will stay there for 5 years , with a possibility to prolong with another 5 years . 
   typically there 's a lot of people that spend that time just sitting and sleeping in the streets or city squares . 
  not here at least , they use old prisons , gym/football halls , abandoned military bases etc. 
  as temporary shelter until they can go to long term asylumcenters . 
   it 's more like a week . 
  i do n't think that would be very helpful . 
  we 're not talking about russia here . 
  i know that country is a lot on your mind lately , but let 's keep it on point shall we . 
   ` can women who choose to wear skirts have a chance to live without being raped ? ', 
  i do n't know , i hope they can have that chance though .
