  it 's malicious , and dishonest . 
  our royal family 's assets are state possessions . 
  they where given to the state in exchange for a state welfare . 
   not a terminate button , but shoot down orders can be issued if the us is attacked using the tech  well then , we 'll need some missiles to eliminate sattelites too . 
   the plane was warned before entering airspace to change heading , and shot at the very second it crossed into it . 
  the bbc is lying , that 's all there is to say . 
  and he replied nothing on point , i do n't know what he read , but it was not my comment , and there are no concerns adressed . 
   of course this is all semantics , russian military officials , the russian ambassador to turkey and russias ambassador to nato were all warned well ahead of this event . 
  the only people who can be blamed here are russian officials for blatantly ignoring such warnings . 
  has absolutely nothing to do with my comment . 
   car makers go to certain countries because the labourers are experienced . 
  or just cheap . 
  regulation , infrastructure , tax-regimes etc. 
  also play their part . 
  hmm i got curious and searched some , seems i forgot allied joint force command brunssum , it 's the second joint force command in europe after naples . 
  apart from that , i think the 32nd tactical fighter squadron on soesterberg ( the only us fightet jet sq. 
  that served under foreign command ) was the last of the real military material here . 
  no , food and cars are not really competing products . 
  farmers compete with other farmers , and car makers compete with other car makers . 
  huh ? 
  do you even read replies before commenting ? 
   the rich will leave , taking their money and businesses with them . 
  that 's fine . 
   causing thousands to lose their jobs and livelihoods . 
   also , giving all the rich people 's money to the poor via governments has n't exactly had great success historically . 
  i never said anything about giving it to the poor . 
  pay of a piece of the state debt is fine too . 
  there is only a small us sigint base next to the dutch mivd-nso/jsc/sigint base . 
  and there 's a us munitions squadron on volkel where the nato b-61 's are stored . 
  there has been no real us military presence in the netherlands since ... the '90s i think . 
   why not focus on increasing the incomes of those with lower income instead of taking wealth from the top ? 
  because that does n't work , inequality has risen the past years , especially since the adoption of the euro . 
  the lower incomes are now also under huge competition from high unemployment , labour migrants , infringement on labour rights and laws with the help of the eu , and compartively open markets with the third world , these wages are only going one way in the future , and that 's down . 
   failure with the 75 % income tax that was n't meant for billionairs . 
  they where after the entire ( middle - ) upper class , i do n't support that . 
  they evade most of it . 
  by moving their wealth to the rest , they 'll compensate for that , likely increasing tax revenue . 
   ( as we see elsewhere in europe ) . 
  there 's not that much of them anymore . 
  is there still one in belgium ? 
  most of the bases much be in germany , a few in the uk and italy maybe ? 
   they ( billionaires ) earned their money , and they should be allowed to keep it ( if earned legally ) . 
  no , nobody should be a billionair . 
  people should be able to earn their money , and earn more if they have achieved more . 
  but that 's fine with 50 million dollar too . 
   prohibiting people from accumulating wealth it serves no purpose to ` accumulate wealth ' except impoverishing others . 
   will just make them switch to a different market with fairer laws and the host country will lose jobs and tax money . 
  you 're mistaken , the opposit will likely happen over time . 
  if they leave the country , that 's fine . 
  they barely pay any taxes anyway . 
  that was the intention , but so far they 've yet to beat either . 
   the us can jam ( at least ) the free and commercial frequencies . 
  the opposit could be done too of course , jam the gps frequencies . 
  the us can deactivate or impose deliberate inaccuracy during war time . 
  without your own gps system , you 're pretty much dependant on someone else . 
  also gps has different channels with different accuracy , the us military has the most precise . 
  manufacturers currently must support glonass if they want to sell their products in russia . 
  the issue is that the us wants to make it illegal for europe to make such laws ( chipset must support galileo if you want to sell products in eu ) under ttip . 
  if they do n't do that , it 's unlikely galileo will have widespread use . 
  the us has never been fond of galileo , george bush even demanded the us gets a terminate button where they can deactivate it . 
   it 's pretty clear where the money went , considering that now the wealthiest 20 americans have the same amound of wealth as the last 160 million americans . 
  you 're on to something here . 
  i 've personally always been a supporter of a wealth-cap . 
  although the us is a bit worse than europe with this preposterous inequality , i would still support it . 
  there 's no reason i can think of why somebody should own several billions , let alone on the range of 70 billion . 
  as if 20 million is n't enough . 
  we will probably have to , thank your ` representatives ' for that . 
   most likely european tax payers will pay this . 
  that seems fair , it was europe that decided to rile things up there after all . 
  although i would 've prefered it if people like guy verhofstadt and van baalen paid for it , they 're the main instigators after all . 
   ignored warnings to leave its airspace . 
  come on bbc ... at least provide a bit of quality journalism and stop lying for once . 
  the plane was warned before entering airspace to change heading , and shot at the very second it crossed into it . 
  it was never ` warned to leave the airspace ' . 
   for people with a valid schengen visa it will be no difference at all . 
  they 're checked now , right ? 
  schengen is a borderless zone , the right of free movement is part of the eu , not schengen . 
  that 's possible , it could mean the money goes somewhere else . 
  for example in financial asset growth . 
  for every hour worked finns create about twice as much value as poles . 
  at least in 2012 . 
  do you mean by working costs , cost per employee , or cost as a whole ? 
  and in cypriotic waters . 
  i think there where already talks about that , that pipeline will go through cyprus to greece . 
  but cyprus is a difficult subject considering the turkish occupied half . 
  incomes will rise as they increase productivity . 
  so fight corruption , decrease bureaucracy , innovate etc. 
  too late for that , [ i 'm on my way ] ( http://joeforamerica.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/putinbear4.jpg ) to fetch you , currently crossing the english channel . 
  yes , that can be difficult if they throw away their passport and refuse to give their name . 
  but i 'm firm a supporter of locking these people up indefinite until they talk and can be deported . 
  but the eu does n't have much legitimacy anymore , and the only way to regain that is to reform the eu , that is not possible with the uk . 
  in my opinion all non-eurozone countries should become eea members . 
  they 'll have freedom of movement , free trade and be part of the common market , the political union should only be for the eurozone , which will then start to get a serious separate government disconnected from nationstate politics and given a limited set of tasks it has sole authority over ( fiscal policy etc. ), 
   recognition that the euro is not the only eu currency and safeguards against any future moves that would impose further financial integration on non-eurozone members . 
  on the contrary , we should move to one currency . 
  implement a two-speed union , political union only for eurozone members , the rest eea or something . 
  the eurozone needs a government , it needs a finance ministry , this should not be yet another parliament , this should be the ep , after all non-eurozone members leave the ep . 
   preventing eu migrants from receiving benefits for 4 years after they come to the uk . 
  this appears to be the main `` sticking point '' as it would open the door to other eu states discriminating in favour of their own citizens . 
  that could only be implemented union-wide , and that wo n't have much support .
