  at 45 million people it 's + / - 13x moldova and 23x kosovo . 
  then he should annex the majority russian parts of the donbass too . 
  but i gues he does n't want that , so empty words . 
   k and if you do i 'll key your car  what 's that supposed to mean ? 
  in the suburbs around the airport . 
  it 's a free parking zone ( no ticket or permit , no max involved ) just have to take the bus then for 1 or 2 stops ( + / -5 min ) and you 're at the airport . 
   i 'm not convinced by the 3rd point , have you seen the news about hundreds of refugees disappearing ? 
  even from germany and uk ? 
  ` hundreds of refugees ' is hardly concerning when germany has already recieved over a million asylum applications this year . 
  they probably did not have the right to claim asylum , therefor they 're a separate problem that will require separate policies . 
  the facts are that terrorism has multiple meanings , one of them being the use of violence for a political goal . 
  the watergeuzen where terrorists to the spanish , and freedom fighters to us . 
  you 're [ right ] ( http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/world/images/attachement/jpg/site1/20130411/0023ae9885da12d04c9403.jpg ) , how could i forgot . 
   on the other hand , you ought to remember that funding is one of the perks given to eastern countries in exchange for market access . 
  so we need to fund our own market access ? 
  how much do we pay the us for market access ? 
   ca n't take advantage of lower wages we take disadvantage of that . 
   where your factories are based kick you out , our factories are located in groningen and rotterdam and by extension in germany , not in eastern europe . 
   or worse , nationalize them . 
  oh that would be great for them . 
  let them seize whatever things , if any , we 've operating there , always turned out very nice for all countries who did that right ? 
  this has been repeated ad nauseam . 
  and each time you can give it the same answer . 
  refugees currently settled do n't need to be redistributed , it should be for all refugees coming from the moment the system is implemented , part of the system is that henceforth it will be impossible to apply for asylum anywhere but the border , so it is not an issue . 
  refugees do n't get a say in where they 're going . 
  they apply for asylum , the european authorities will then place them somewhere . 
  it does n't matter if they travel to germany or sweden after being placed somehwere else , they will have no rights there . 
  if they wnat to live in illegality that 's fine , but that 's not a better life than a legal one in the country they 're placed . 
  they will not recieve welfare , they can not buyor rent a house , they ca n't work , they 're not insured , they ca n't even have a bankcard . 
  and when found , they 'll be deported back to where they belong . 
   yeah , i agree with you and / u/random-guy 410 are saying , but those differences mean that the statistics he linked to are pretty much meaningless , and can not be used to imply or infer anything . 
  i mean , i would n't be surprised if scandinavia actually had the lowest rate of violence against women in europe , even though the statistics put them at the bottom . 
  without further information , i gues the statistics are n't worth that much . 
  however , i do think that the muslim population is a contributing factor . 
  i agree , i think the same , but muslims do n't make up that large groups ( yet ) in western european countries to blame them for the enormous difference in the particular statistic provided by / u/random-guy 410 . 
  one man 's freedom fighter is another man 's terrorist . 
  search for 1830 belgian revolution , they seceded from the netherlands . 
  and aruba was not happy by what they described as a situation where cura\u00e7ao had too much influence in the antilles , after aruba seceded they all became separate countries and some municipalities in the kingdom of the netherlands . 
  belgium , pakistan , south sudan , netherlands antilles , probably more but not that i know of . 
   i did quick math and that means , approx . 
  84 % need to be against for law to fail . 
  how so ? 
  the administrations probably function better , the report rate may be higher , the scale of ` violent ' behvaiour may be different ( what is considered ` normal ' in bulgaria may be abnormal in sweden ) and statistic may be differently recorded . 
  i only remember white christmas from when i was younger . 
  it just does n't happen here anymore , a few years/decade back we where still hoping for a white christmas every year , but we also stopped doing that 'cause it ai n't gon na happen . 
  we should ask a siberian to make a snowball , take a picture , and share it as proof global warming does n't exist . 
   now i 'm back in texas where every building has ac , which makes the city only warmer , and indirectly the entire planet too . 
  last time i flew i got both a knife on board and 3 bottles of 0,5 l water at a european airport . 
  somebody must have been sleeping , it was not my intention to bring my pocket knife but i forgot to leave it in my car , just put it in my laptop bag next to a lot of pens while i was waiting in line for checking in . 
  it went through the x-ray scanner and i was good to go . 
   estonia barely costs nl any money , the netherlands is per citizen the largest contributor in the eu . 
  estonia is per citizen one of the largest reciepents . 
  every euro is a euro too much if it 's a one way street . 
   if you add the increased trade oh please , estonia has the economy of an average city here . 
   and the fact that we bought your tanks , there would have been other potential customers too . 
   it turns out pretty even . 
  keep telling yourself that if it makes your selfish personality feel better . 
   too many estonians immigrate to nl ? 
  i doubt there 's more than a hundred estonians in nl , if that . 
  1240 last year , [ 1 ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/bevolking_van_nederland ) more then you would recieve in refugees . 
   are you able to source one occasion where an estonian was caught for car theft or bank card skimming in nl ? 
  sure . 
  [ 2 ] ( http://stavc.nl/media/38555/rapportbeke2013.pdf ) the baltic states are considered one of the main reicieving points of our stolen cars , stolen cargo , and stolen car parts . .  deze auto 's gaan over land -- met als belangrijke internationale verkeersader de e30 -- richting de baltische staten . 
  the baltic states is also a main market of stolen car parts , and cargo theft and human traficking . 
  the middle east , eastern europe and the baltic states are the primary ` demandsteered ' theft markets . 
   i do n't understand if you 're pants on head retarded or just really really ignorant , but everything you 're saying is incorrect . 
  nice , mature , feels good ha being fucked over ? 
  free parking ( if you know your way ) , small airport , well designed . 
  it is to bother innocent people during their travels . 
   yes , abrahamic religions are based on teachings and dogmas , bit of a stretch to call it teachings . 
  fairytales would be the word of choosing . 
  it is dogmatic of course , religion itself is a dogma . 
   you ca n't just make up whatever you want and go with it . 
  of course you can . 
  none of what you guys believe exists , so just conjure up some other ` teachings ' . 
   abrahamic religions are not allowed to adjust their teachings to what people nowadays think is ` normal and right ' if the bible/torah/koran forbids it . 
  ` abrahamic religions ' are not an authority . 
  they 're allowed to do what they want . 
   gay marriage is clearly forbidden by the bible and therefore should not be tolerated by these religions . 
  they seem to disagree , it does n't really matter what the bible/toray/koran says or how people interpret it , it 's just a book written by some person a long time ago , with a different mindset and an overactive imagination . 
  so use the current mindset and your current imagination to reconcile yourself with the modern world . 
   as much of them as possible to fill in the crack of the european economy ( jobs nobody want currently ) you just crawled from under a rock you lived under since the 1960s ? 
   the smaller schengen and eu will be east europe and uk . 
  the smaller schengen as proposed by the leader of the eurogroup was the benelux , germany and sweden . 
   other west europe countries are done for . 
  yea , i 'll take these countries over eastern europe though , and almost all people do that . 
  we 're fine . 
  that 's fine the germans do n't have to give them anything them , and when discovered they 'll be deported . 
   just the next fence will be around germany . 
  possibly to stop eastern europeans after we continue with a smaller schengen and perhaps smaller eu . 
  you cost money , too many of you immigrate to here , organized crime ( car theft , bank card skimming etc. ), 
  you only expect solidarity but do n't want to give any , our airforce needs to defense your airspace occasionally and so on and so forth . 
  far more issues than a few thousand refugees will cause for you . 
   flights departing from europe should be safe though . 
  i do n't think so , if people want to get a bomb on board , they 'll find a way to do so . 
  this is about names like ` bosneger ' ( forest negroe ) it 's hardly political correctness here , some of these terms are indeed outdated . 
  that 's simple , there 's no white christmas . 
  on a more serious note ; * refugee crisis * eurocrisis these are by far and large the main problems of europe today . 
   because that will obviously create no problems for us , right ? 
  you create problems for us too , we never complained about that , why do n't we just go our own ways , close our borders and finances to you , and we 'll handle it on our own .
