  there are also reasons for them to develop . 
  the world changes , and the taxi market was outdated roughly 20 years ago , change is long overdue . 
  still do n't like uber though , but let 's do this to create a healthy market . 
  do n't worry , it 's just politico . 
  it should be possible between like minded countries at roughly similar stages of development . 
  a western european union should work , excluding the uk and nordics . 
  it ca n't remain the way it is , or we 're doomed to perpetual crisis and decline at best , and collapse at worst . 
  i believe in ` a ' ( notice ` a ' ) european superstate . 
  i do n't know if i believe in the current eu becoming a superstate . 
  i 'm a pragmatist , not an idealist , therefor if the east does n't want to cooperate with the refugee crisis they should be ditched from the free border zone , if western/northern countries do n't want to cooperate with a common currency they should be ditched out of the political union , if eurozone countries do n't want to finalize a working monetary zone ( including a fiscal/banking union ( thus including a ez ministry of finance etc. ), 
  they should be ditched from the euro . 
  we 'll see what remains , probably the core of europe , portugal , spain , france , italy , benelux , greece , germany , austria , these countries can form a superstate . 
  i would like to see them/us become a heavily centralized yet to a large extend locally governed region . 
  so great matters ( military , foreign policy , monetary , market etc. 
  policy by a central government , and all members being autonomous regions regarding internal policy . 
  [ does ] ( http://images.poms.omroep.nl/image/s564/c564x315/14906.png ) this [ qualify ? 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/04/gooiord,_bijlmer.jpg ) if so , [ here it ] ( http://archicover.nl/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/archicover_bijlmerimg_3431.edit3_.jpg ) is again . 
  what 's that white stuff on the ground ? 
   huge amounts of research are still done in europe . 
  as they are in russia . 
  things do n't follow that way , it 's just your imagination running wild . 
   how do you check whether a refugees has jewelry stowed away somewhere or a swiss bank account ? 
  there are no banksecrets anymore . 
   i do n't believe that anybody who is really loaded is going voluntary stay in a mass dormitory for refugees anyways . 
  it 's not about housing , but about giving money ( welfare ) or not . 
  a refugee who has money , should n't recieve more money , in the same fashion a native would n't . 
   what i would like to see , however , is that everybody receiving public assistance over a period of time ought to do some community work in exchange . 
  that 's not a bad idea , could also help integration . 
  so is ours . 
  i gues we have some things in common . 
   the modern santa claus is derived from the british figure of father christmas , the dutch figure of sinterklaas , and saint nicholas , santa claus is another figure for sinterklaas , not vice versa . 
  and they 're not the same . 
   the actual number of arrivals ** recorded ** as having entered the continent by 21 december was 1,005,504 . 
  i expect the real number to be higher than the recorded number . 
  do n't they do this for natives too when on welfare ? 
  no they are n't unique . 
  they did , there where two versions of the tornado . 
  regardless their entire airforce budget would n't be sufficient to buy even one f-35 , and then we 're not talking about actually using it . 
   they 're good but also have `` imperialistic '' desires ( see the whole taiwan and philippines islands issue ) which make me wary . 
   so do we , and we 're not really directly involved in their territorial disputes . 
   concentrating too much power in one country is a bad idea . 
  that 's exactly what we 're doing with the us . 
  so i would n't mind seeing europe going on its knees for china too , so we do n't bet everything on one horse . 
  seems like a european thing to do . 
  it does n't matter all that much , big countries do n't take the uk serious anymore anyway . 
  what 's wrong with the chinese exactly ? 
  seems like a good partner for europe . 
  netherlands surpassing sweden and denmark ? 
  yea right . 
  somehow they managed to do it with the a400m which was a rather effective cooperation for european standards . 
  they can do it with other planes if they want , and that 's the question here . 
  but it will suite itself out , if they do n't find a way , europe will not be producing fighter jets anymore in a few years/decade or two . 
  the newest russian icbm 's travel at about 28.000 km/h , go out into space , spew out 6 nuclear missiles ( multiple reentry warheads ) that can target different locations . 
  the trick is making sure it can not be stopped . 
  they also manufactured particular ways of launching it from silo 's which makes it hard to spot the launch on sattelites . 
  this involves quite some technology and development , all to make sure nobody can stop these missiles . 
  and one of the 6 warheads in one icbm ( where russia has dozens of ) can destroy istanbul , two times over . 
  and then we 're not talking about fall-out yet , just initial blast range . 
  if russia wants to keep its nuclear deterrent , it will have to stay ahead of any missile defense or other technologies that makes its missiles vulnerable . 
  as is the rest . 
  ukraine has been become a geo-political battlefield , and the end of western-russian relations . 
  this will be felt for a long time to come , we 've lost our security and stability in europe . 
  i hope the west is satisfied , cause we 're not getting much for it in return except an instable mobstate which largest industry is corruption . 
  same as europe as a whole , also use to have a top notch science industry , is currently a mediocre player and declining . 
  the world has grown larger and europe could n't keep up , including russia . 
  though russia still has many more advanced industries than the rest of europe does . 
  ( space tech , missile tech , military hardware etc. ), 
   back the eu and ez would be a giant crash . 
  that will happen at some point , and the eurozone is far from ready to face it . 
  meaning it will probably collapse if it does soon . 
  there is free parking . 
  he probably means that he does n't like people parking their car there , and that he 'll scratch your car with his key if you do . 
  ( some people do that , sneakily hold their key to their side while casually walking past your car leaving a long scratch . ), 
  i wanted to know for sure , better hope for him i do n't see him doing that . 
  oh come on , the last thing the russian economy suffers from is the dutch disease . 
  i mean what 's a euro worth lately , 80 rubles ? 
  you want a few hundred rubles for your euro ? 
  it 's corruption and nepotism , these tend to be disastrous for the prosperity of a country . 
   not going to happen . 
   i would like it , but we cant distribute a bunch of migrants because all sides involve are selfish morons ( some a little worse than other though ) . 
   good luck turning this into a state . 
  we could create a germanic european union , and ditch the current eu/ez . 
  consisting of the benelux , germany , austria , denmark , finland , sweden and norway/iceland if they want . 
  these countries would be willing to share immigrants , these countries are all basically at the same stage of development , have pretty much the same mindset and are always willing to cooperate ( and more importantly , do n't mind doing things that sometimes not benefits them personally ) otherwise we could do it even smaller ( considering the scandinavians do not have the euro , and we would need a common currency ) what about a ` personal union state ' of the benelux , germany and austria ? 
  the netherlands and germany are already integrating their armed forces to a large extent , so are belgium and the netherlands , it could become a federal country with far more unified powers , including defense and foreign policy . 
  economcally we 're one block already , we 're financially all more or less in the same state ( low debt levels , large export driven economy etc. ), 
  ( well belgium is sort of an exception ) a currency between us would actually work , including a fiscal/banking union etc. . 
  the gdp of the benelux is around 1500 billion dollars , gdp of germany 3800 , gdp of austria 435 , that together makes around 5700 billion dollars . 
  that would be the third largest economy in the world . 
  i added a part was making tea and did n't finish my reply . 
  the city has a very large non-western immigrant population . 
  ( around 26 % of the citizens of brussels are muslims ) they initially came in as low-skilled labour migrants , particularly from marocco . 
  their social mobility is very low , and their job market has significantly decreased , therefor their employment rates are extremely low . 
  this also leads to emigration of native citizens , who rather live outside brussels , but work in brussels . 
  there 's also the language issue , with brussels being majority french speaking , and flanders ( the dutch part of belgium ) being the economic engine that drives belgium as a whole . 
  bilungual rates of french speakers is rather low ( and some who are bilungual simply refuse to speak dutch because of linguistic nationalism ), 
  you do n't understand the difference ? 
  brussels is statistically wealthy for being the home town of many european insitutions , multinationals , and commuters . 
  ( people living outside brussels but working in brussels ) the city itself is very poor . 
  at 21 % unemployment rate , it 's like a greek colony in western europe .
