  i 'm not eligible to vote for the russian government , that 's up to the russians . 
  you 're right , i gues the term also got a different meaning , nowadays more refering to size and armement , back then for their purpose ( hunting u-boats ), 
  only for the russians of course , it 's / r/europe after all . 
  no they are n't . 
  it 's a warship , and a fishing boat under the flag of a country they 're nearly at war with . 
  military ships can use these waters , and fishing boats should not make aggressive moves against a warship when there is reason to be cautious , and when they do , listen to radio warnings and the flares launched before live rounds where fired . 
  if it would 've been a turkish warship and a russian fishing boat it would be at the bottom right now . 
  they acted just as they should . 
  that 's correct , the turks do n't have destroyers nor large frigates , however this russian destroyer is n't what nato would classify as destroyer . 
  the smetlivy has a displacement of + / -4000 tons the same as the largest vessel in the turkish navy , but that 's like a medium sized frigate . 
  good point , french ships are faster in reverse though , they could have outmaneuvered the fishing trawler without surrendering . 
  greek territorial waters only extend 6 miles from the coast of lemnos , with 22 km 's you 're outside greek territorial waters . 
  so we should stop using the suez canal too , and the strait of gibraltar should become spanish and maroccon territorial waters too . 
  what a way forward . 
   nato should anchor another destroyer right next to it . 
  because ... you want to intimidate/threaten the russians ? 
  good idea einstein , peace is so horrible right , and it has been 70 years already since the last proper war . 
  you 're confusing two types of immigrants . 
  he 's refering to european immigration , primarily from poland , romania , bulgaria , baltics , spain , italy etc. 
  they have a higher employment rate than native british in some cases and are very eager to work and hard workers . 
  ( occasionally earn below minimum wage level , and below local workers too . ), 
  the other side is third world immigration . 
  of course if you treat all immigrants the same , you could not see the differences . 
  but it 's better to stay nuanced . 
   i have always thought they did some pretty good video coverage of events they do have some very decent reporting/coverage every now and then , but like any media , one must be wary of bias on certain subjects . 
  rt can be as bad as cnn or bbc in certain subjects . 
  yes , italy could pull this of without help . 
  but i fear it does not have the guts or even self-confidence to do it . 
  yes , libya is also a former italian colony , and italy is the only country in europe that had rather decent relations with it in the past . 
  apart from that it 's pretty safe to assume italy has the third strongest armed force in europe , an impressive navy , and is located very close to libya . 
  you guys are in a position to do something , better then anyone in fact . 
  and if you 're not going to do anything , neither is anyone else . 
  i love it to blend some dutch proverbs in english . 
  there 's a cat in the tree that needs to get off , but you 're only going to look at it . 
  obviously this means the cat will sit tight . 
  ` look the cat out of the tree ' ( de kat uit de boom kijken ) means you know something must be done , but you 're not going to do anything or just postpone doing something . 
  the russian destroyer was anchored and not moving . 
  usually that 's an indication of brain damage . 
  does n't seem seem like a fencing response . 
   we need to intervene militarily and pacify the region in order to establish a stable government . 
  but the italian government would rather look the cat out of the tree . 
  hoist the white flag and surrender . 
  anything else will be ` provocation ' and ` needlessly aggressive ' followed by ` nato should have blown the ship up ' in / r/europe . 
  correct . 
  now draw a line in the middle , sign an agreement and be friends . 
  the middle being between the farthest greek island and the turkish coast , not the middle of the aegean by any means . 
  how difficult can it be to draw a line in the middle . 
   clearly we do . 
  no we do n't . 
   deployments will still happen . 
  there are pan-eu deployments . 
  but if you ca n't argue the reasoning for one in front of all the member states to get an agreement for deployment , how true is it ? . 
  right , i have zero trust in that . 
  the european armed forces will be another euro or schengen , in other words a malfunctional drama . 
  we do n't have that ability anymore . 
  but for what its worth the day to day operations of ( the most important ) armed forces in europe are international deployments in varying missions . 
  not being able to perform that will significantly reduce global security , stability , trade , diplomacy and peace . 
   no , valls clearly said that fn is divisive and , because of that , could lead to a civil war . 
  sometimes i wonder wether these people even have a conscious . 
  they do n't seem aware to anything around them . 
   a unified army would mean everyone would pay their fair share in money and men , meaning less burden on france and britain . 
  a unified army would mean nobody pays a share in money and men because it is n't going to operate . 
  italy for its refusal and/or incapability to protect its borders . 
  france , portugal and spain could remain part of it . 
  spain does a very good job protecting its borders , effectively preventing another open door into europe . 
  but france needs to solve the calais issue . 
  too much to point out in one sentence . 
  i forgot to add france , portugal and spain by the way . 
  benelux , germany , austria , denmark , sweden , finland , norway and iceland seem like a nice club . 
  then we can see how things will evolve over the years , and who else is far enough to eventually join . 
  it 's not the germans fault the belgians where in their way . 
   sounds a little far fetched but i hear the german left pretty openly hates german people [ here 's ] ( https://youtu.be/riqh4qpvxm4?t=30s ) the video if you 're interested . 
  actually i believe gysi refered to all native germans as nazi 's , and expressed his satisfaction that they could n't reproduce leading to their eventual demise . 
   sigmar gabriel told members of his social democratic party on friday that movements such as the national front `` stand against everything we represent . '' no shit , that 's exactly why people vote for them . 
   you make it sound like the eu is a `` friends circle '' , it was supposed to be one , we sure tried but i gues you 're right . 
  great show here , you 're like the stereotypical eastern european , could n't find a better specimen if i had looked for it . 
  why should you be part of schengen . 
  we 've given enough , and that 's not appreciated , so perhaps we should stop giving . 
  we * are * the victim here . 
  keep up the good attitude . 
  i never wronged you , i did n't occupy your home , i did n't kill your predecessors , i did n't steal from you , i did n't force you to do anything . 
  but keep blaming me and us and take every gesture for granted or not enough . 
  it is a figure of speech , but whatever floats your boat . 
  none of it is relevant , but thanks for reinforcing my expectation about you . 
   have your grandparents and parents lived under 4-5 decades of communiet dictatorship ? 
   did you grow up in the 90 's in eastern europe having to watch your mother work 12 hour shifts for 70 $ a month ? 
   did you pack bread and boiled pig fat to middle school because that 's all you could afford ? 
  that 's not my problem . 
  right now i spend the week working , and a piece of that is being given to you and your compatriots . 
  i 'm figuring out wether i want that when these same people we 're working for give us a finger whenever we need some help . 
  i 'm ready to say kick these countries out if nothing changes , or least of all end their financial aid , romania , poland czech rep. , slovakia , bye , we 'll have a simple free trade agreement and you can figure out your own future and development while we tend to ours . 
  we wo n't bother you with solidarity anymore in that case . 
  this endless whining is working on my nerves , you know what ? 
  if we had a union of benelux , germany , france and scandinavia we would have a great union , well funtioning , rich , efficient and influential . 
  we gave that up , and for what exactly ? 
  for you to whine on about how pathetic you and your parents ' life where , and the sad case you call your homeland ? 
  screw that , it 's not my problem , we offered you help , you should be grateful for that , not complain about what a sad life you and your parents had to endure . 
  i 'm not at all saying you need to get on your knees and worship us , but a simple gratitude in the form of returning some help when we need it , and it for once does n't benefit you , would be very welcome , thank you . 
  yes you do n't want these people , neither do we . 
  but we can not secure our borders , we can not deport them , we can not refuse them for a dozen and one reason , we can however share the load to make it bearable for us all and strengthen our relationship .
