  are we going to play the russell 's teapot game ? 
  the museum went into the open because that was their last chance . 
  there are potential buyers in kazakhstan and afghanistan , and all possible channels and tools have been used to no avail . 
  the paintings are also very damaged , possibly beyond repair . 
  this is their last shot . 
  oleh tyanybok and valentyn nalyvaichenko are two of the names mentioned . 
   on the other hand ukraine knows a dutch referendum is coming up about their association pact with the eu . 
  and if these paintings do not return , will likely give a firm boost to the ` no ' side . 
  they are actually held by pro-ukranian militiamen and ex - government employees as well as ` influential ukranians ' . 
  oleh tyanybok head of svoboda and valentyn nalyvaichenko former head of ukrainian security services are also reportedly involved . 
  i have not heard anything about the ukrainians selling the paintings to pro-russia separatists , they did name potential buyers in kazakhstan and afghanistan , which is why they chose to go public , as they fear they 'll never recover them when they 're sold . 
   i 'd prefer a representative democracy with politicians who actually want to educate the voters about their programs rather than going for `` who 's the best populist ? '', 
  award . 
  sounds like heaven , unfortunately scientists have so far not been able to prove heaven exists . 
   i 'm not disappointed with democracy , i believe in it . 
  i 'm disappointed with politicians and voters . 
  i do n't believe , i 'm an atheist . 
   where have i said that ? 
  if you 're going to start straw manning me please stop replying now . 
   i agree i may have overstretched my remark , but do you support this eu plan ? 
   this sentence makes no sense , could you rephrase it ? 
  i edited it when you where typing your response . 
  some of the people here ca n't stop ridiculing ` muh sovereignty ' . 
  it is actually a very simple question that is an excellent example of how eu-federalists and the other blends confront each other , and i figured you where a federalist . 
  do you think britain should decide on joining schengen , or should europe decide on wether britain will join schengen ? 
  i personally prefer the first , the british should decide wether britain will join schengen , then again i 'm a proponent of national sovereignty . 
   yet , voter turnout in a lot of european countries is shockingly low . 
  because voting does n't matter , it 's choosing between a left hand a right hand or both gribbling in your purse or otherwise screwing you over . 
  jea , direct democracy does n't work . 
  just look at switserland , terrible country . 
  no instead we should have as little democracy as possible like the eu has and all works out well , the monetary union for example and schengen zone , works a lot better . 
  strangely i prefer living in switserland than the eu though , but that may be because its so terrible and people vote with their feet there . 
   but ultimately i 'm in favour of democracy , so whatever the british people want i 'll abide by ; but you support a proposition that will no longer let countries have their democracy in , for now , this specific case ? 
  what would you say if what the british want does n't matter , but that europe will decide wether britain will become part of schengen or not ? 
  or a smaller schengen zone , which has my preference over this . 
  we 'll send the benelux admiralty to their aid . 
  if the proposed agreement will come into force , luxemburg will also have f16 's , and f35 's at their disposal in the future . 
  but the uk should n't be part of it right ? 
   so there are two options left , eu force that does n't need consent from member states , or abolish schengen . 
  cough mini-schengen , cough . 
  so three options ? 
   that 's why we need modern nuclear power and research into fusion - that could make us pretty much energetically independent . 
  completely agree . 
  solar energy parks in southern spain or italy could also help , or solar panels integrated in windows/roofs of future homes ( which is upcoming ) . 
  when we manage to get a large chunk of our energy from green sources , i will consider buying an electric car . 
  currently only around 4 % of dutch electricity is produced with ` renewable sources ' , and these sources include burning garbage and bio-gas , so it 's not even co2 neutral . 
   that 's oddly specific in the nuclear era . 
  would no european nations come to the us ' aid , though , that 's a different question , some might , but are not legally bound to . 
  so that will be the choice of the specific countries . 
   would american bases in europe really do nothing as their country is under attack ? 
  that 's up to the country they 're located in . 
  when say an airbase is located in germany , germany can say the us is not allowed to use that base for strikes against russia . 
   like a russian plane has no business over the gibraltar strait ? 
  maybe they 're helping ukraine deal with their `` rebel '' problem . 
  gibraltar is international/controlled airspace , the goorgian/russian border is n't . 
   which afaik is a violation of international law and a valid casus belli . 
  no , if you violate someones airspace you can be shot down if you do not listen to warnings and an escort . 
  you 'll breach sovereign airspace before you reach the georgian/russian border . 
   which would effectively dissolve nato as a member state is attacked in international or neutral territory without provocation , the member state chooses to invoke the treaty with this valid cause , and the alliance refuses to act on it . 
  no it wouldn ; t. 
  * you * are moving the goalpost , i stated myself quite clear in the initial post , you chose not to read it or ignore it . 
  it is not useful for me to buy an electric car , because it has no environmental use as long as the energy i put into my car is produced by burning gas , coal , oil and garbage , especially when my car has a higher efficiency than these means of producing energy and moving a car with it . 
   nope . 
  even russia confirmed that they violated turkish airspace . 
   russia called it a casus belli , and it is one . 
   `` the downing of a russian sukhoi bomber by the turkish air force was sufficient reason to start a war , but moscow chose not to respond symmetrically , '' says russia 's prime minister dmitry medvedev . 
   ...  medvedev said ankara had `` violated the norms of the international law , '' giving russia what 's called in international judicial language ` a casus belli ' , or a reason to start a war . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://www.rt.com/news/325200-ankara-war-russia-response/ ), 
   russia declares war on usa ( treaty of friendship ) . 
  britain declares war on russia ( nato ) . 
  that does n't follow . 
  the nato treaty only covers the atlantic , if russia attacks the us in the pacific europe is not involved . 
   or a turkish fighter flies over the georgian-russian border . 
  i would advice looking at a map , a turkish fighter has no business in georgia and will be shot down way before it reaches the georgian-russian border . 
   and turkey invokes nato because according to them the claim is invalid . 
  and nato would tell turkey to solve it diplomatically . 
   did turkey start a war ? 
  technically they did , it was a casus belli . 
   track , try to contact , try to warn , shoot it down . 
  happens quite often . 
  luckily that does n't happen quite often , and you 're just talking out of your ass primarily . 
   you overestimate hardness of this task . 
  i 'm speaking about really simple nuke . 
  you 're probably speaking about a dirty bomb , not a nuke . 
   it 's just matter of time till terrorist organizations will get capability to build one . 
  they wo n't be able to build one , they can build a dirty bomb though if they can acquire radioactive material . 
   it 's expensive and hard and takes time , but there is no country in the world who would not get needed resources if they really really wanted to . 
  countries will not get the needed resources that simple . 
  and even if they do like in the case of iran acquiring the siemens hardware , they might get shut down like israel/us did in iran . 
  just because you did n't start it does n't mean you do n't have to stop it . 
  sure russia ia an annoying neighbour , but the best answer to that is indifference . 
  if you do n't care , they lose out on all the fun . 
   for example estonia can just dig up needed materials for simple nuke . 
  but can not enrichen it , and even then , the detonation mechanism is extremely difficult . 
  if somehow estonia could acquire the materials ( no idea if that 's in your soil ) and somehow acquire the enriching machines from germany , it would struggle for a fuse for years , and come up with a bomb of a few kt that will have to be dropped of by an airplane . 
  for example pakistan , a country with a lot more resources than estonia , needed dutch scientists to build their bomb , and they only acquired that knowledge because our government failed to screen the universities . 
   issue is that it 's useless as long as we do n't have a durable way of producing energy . 
  i was very clear , you just did n't bother to read and jumped the gun right away , talk about rude . 
  if you shoot down a jet without proper procedure it is you who starts a war . 
   simple nuke is not that complicated and materials are possible to get .
