  * and willing to back that up militarily * should it be needed . 
  these are just the first things that come to mind , which already prove to most probably be irreconcilable . 
  which would limit a ` european army ' to a handful , or half a handful , of countries integrating their armed forces , which appears to be the status quo already . 
  i 'm not thinking the uk should take them . 
  never was either . 
  serbia , montenegro and macedonia should fit . 
  when that 's done , albania and bosnia can be next , provided we can solve the kosovo issue ( preferably splitting it up between serbia and albania , that country should never join the eu ), 
  the balkans would n't hurt , but i agree it 's all spread pretty thin already . 
  if you think albania is ` slightly poorer than hungary ' , then you 've seen neither . 
  by mentioning budapest it 's even more obvious how ridiculous you sound . 
  and hopefully never will . 
   you do n't know this   sanctions did nothing measurable to the russian economy . 
  you 're just reinforcing my statement . 
  highly unlikely , but i gues on the internet it 's easy to lie . 
   2015 was a shitty year for all of us , especially with the terrorist attacks . 
   the terrorist attacks are just another consequence of bad policy ; creating sub societies in our own backyard . 
  causing ethnic and religious conflict in our borders , leading to chronic segregation and poverty for the sub culture . 
   with time , things will get better . 
  just a rough patch that europe is going through . 
  i do n't share your optimism . 
  europe is not what it use to be . 
  it 's not that it does n't have power , it has sufficient economic , military and diplomatical power to be a global player . 
  there 's just no leadership , we 're ruled by a decadent establishment that has shown itself to be completely incompetent . 
   but i have to say i love sanctions as an alternative to open conflict , the oil price is n't a sanction , it 's an effect of a different global conflict unrelated to the ukraine conflict . 
  the sanctions did nothing measurable to the russian economy . 
  you could ask the guest to take of their shoes you know . 
   be that as it may , that depends entirely on whether or not us is interested in such an arrangement , and you have no means to guarantee that they ever will be interested . 
   it does n't matter , independence with us influence is fine too . 
   that line of reasoning has never gone well in history . 
  it serves us well under very specific conditions that are present at this time , but there is no basis to assume that this relationship will be equally beneficial indefinitely . 
  that does n't follow from history . 
  and should the time ever arrise that our relationship will no longer be mutually beneficial there will be other options . 
  there 's no saying when , if and how these things will go down , we 'll have to make the best of what is given to us . 
  if you think exporting illegals over the uk-france border is the same as what hungary or austria is doing you 're an idiot . 
  another person who 's never been to either country . 
  funny how everybody pretends to be an expert on it . 
  if you really think that you 've not seen any of these countries with your own eyes . 
   it is important to keep in mind that we are not us citizens , i 'm not a european citizen either . 
  i would much prefer becoming an overseas state of the us than being a member of the current eu . 
  i use to be a supporter of a federal europe , still am to an extend , but not this europe . 
   that is not a very comfortable position to be in indefinitely , as convenient as it may be today . 
  it has served us well the past decades and will continue to do so . 
  the netherlands has much in common with the us , and will remain having that . 
   i cant understand why you rely on us so much . 
  : l really ? 
  you see the eurocrisis , you see the refugee crisis , you see the political and economic crisis in europe ? 
  north-south , west-east europe is riddled with conflicts since it gained a little independence after the fall of the ussr . 
  if we see where european power leads to ( crisis , war , conflict , poverty ) it is not difficult to see why people might prefer us influence , which has brought safety and stability to western/central europe for the past decades . 
  now if europe could take over that role i would be all for it , but i do not see this europe . 
  i see merkel , i see poland , i see italy , europe is a mess , it 's led by incompetent and naive leaders which have no grasp on any situation they find themselves in . 
  schengen outerborders are non-existent . 
   so it 's fine for them to do it but not us , that 's what your saying . 
  yes , because hungary and austria do not throw illegals over the border . 
   if there 's no physical border then why are fences being built and checks put back in place ? 
  serbia , croatia and romania are not in schengen . 
  if the uk wants the same rights , it should 've joined schengen . 
  also many of these states like croatia or serbia do n't actually move the illegals over the border , they just bring them to the border so they can cross the border themselves . 
  this would not work in the uk as the illegals do n't want to be in france . 
  i know , but georgia does n't have 80 million citizens from a vastly different cultural sphere directly bordering the most violent region in the world . 
  in any case , in my opinion the balkans should 've priority now . 
  they 're in the middle of the eu surrounded on all sides , they 're not very populous , and will benefit the most directly from the eu . 
  you can live a comfortable civilized european life if you do n't import people who bring conflict to our shores . 
  making use of their democratic right in germany for turkey . 
  that should teach them . 
  maybe they should bother with german politics and take a plane to turkey if they care so much about turkey . 
  hungary , austria and germany do n't have physical borders , france and the uk do . 
  according to the imf 2014 turkey would be the state with the lowest gdp per capita ppp adjusted in the eu . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ppp_per_capita ) according to the cia or worldbank it appears turkey would be second after bulgaria . 
  not far of . 
  the netherlands actually has a larger economy than turkey , turkey is economically irrelevant , and i fail to see any other benefits a turkish membership would 've . 
  while it will have far reaching consequences in the eu which i see as negative . 
  i think the eu is just about large enough , we should direct our attention to the balkans , ukraine/belarus possibly , and perhaps the caucasus ( georgia/armenia ) but turkey is just too large , too different , and too far away . 
  that 's fine , us influence is better than european influence . 
  if turkey would join the eu , it would be the poorest memberstate . 
  and not a small one like estonia that can quickly innovate and develop . 
  it 's socially and culturally also in another world , it would n't fit in europe . 
  it 's also way too conservative and religious , which is detrimental to progress . 
   cross border trade does not increase with sharing a currency . 
  it can , but regardless of wether it will or not , existing cross border trade will be cheaper and easier , which leads to rising purchasing power and increased competitiveness . 
   access to capital depends on credit-worthiness rather than currency . 
  it does n't as we 've seen with greece . 
  it might have prevented a lot of misery if that would have been the case . 
  a eurozone member is seen as more credit worthy than a non-eurozone member like bulgaria , greece or romania . 
   investment depends on rate of return and security of investment . 
  valuta risk has an effect on rate of return and security . 
  as does the ` lender of last resort ' . 
   unfortunately the euro has caused devastating consequences for many people in europe , with low growth and high unemployment . 
  but not for all members . 
  there are dynamics at play inside the eurozone , bulgaria would not be on the same end of italy , greece or spain in that game . 
   i find it odd that the eu elites want to cause so much misery in pursuit of their vanity project . 
  that 's easy , there 's no way back . 
  short sighted fools introduced a malfunctional currency union , and by the time the effects became clear there was no other option than to grab the bandaid and tie it together . 
   the eu benefits from lower import prices  seems pretty at odds with what the pes mep has to say . 
  how so ? 
   the estimated annual increase in u.s.-eu agricultural trade ranges from $ 6.3 billion to $ 11.6 billion when compared with the 2011 base year your quote does n't mention which way that trade goes . 
  if it means increased import and a decline of domestic production it 's a bad thing . 
  this is / r/europe , you can talk about tpp in the subreddits of the countries involved , it 's off-topic here . 
  there 's also no reason to wait for it to be finalized before people are allowed to show opposition or talk about it , right now the public may still have an effect on the agreement . 
  it 's always nice to see that we import foreign conflicts to our own countries . 
  no it isn ; t , france can unilaterally suspend the treaty if they please .
