  i am not sure why they did n't act before that got out of hand though . 
  that 's their own fault for doing nothing for so long . 
  send a military brigade as back up , and let a considerable police force from all over france check all them in , detain them , process their asylum claim for those who file it , deport those that refuse and have a passport , deport those who are denied asylum , then there 's a smaller group that will somehow have to be repatriated , and until that can be kept in detention . 
  this way they 're not a danger to public order . 
  the uk border is not in calais . 
  if they hold a passport you do n't need permission to deport them . 
  technically a state can not refuse its own citizens to enter . 
  there are ways for states to play hardball , but so can we . 
  just put them on a passenger plane . 
  if they refuse them at the customs , fine , it 's their problem when they have people stuck at their airport . 
  they 're not going back that way , because an airliner is not allowed to board people without proper visa , and most importantly , will be paying for all expenses when they do . 
  i know what i would likely do , i would place branches of a black palm tree around the doors , or something similar . 
  maybe some sort of taser triggered by touching the doorhandle . 
   make laws that makes it possible to get them deported . 
  there are already laws that make that possible . 
  an asylum seeker is allowed to illegally cross the border of a country * provided he presents himself to the authorities without delay * . 
  if he does n't he can be arrested , the authorities can force him to apply for asylum , if he refuses he can be deported . 
  no new laws needed for that , just a state exercising its duty . 
   and we ca n't just arrest 18000 people fleeing from their country of course you can , but for some reason the french authorities chose not to . 
  you know you can force people to apply for asylum , if they refuse you can deport them . 
  there 's nothing illegal about that , and if they accept asylum , fine either way . 
  sounds like the als/dan frisisme . 
  it can be . 
  it originates from far left ideologies . 
  it was initially a far-left movement , but the term got misused a lot as a swear word over time . 
   because ez < eu  you remove the non-euro members from the ep , and create a two-speed europe . 
  all countries not using the euro will become eea member . 
  then we hand over more powers to the ep , and less to the council , close the straatsburg office , and end the ` memberstate politics ' on european levels . 
  governments now need to consider that they cede power to an insitution that will not be directly controlled by them , and that will not be controlled by the council . 
  that insitution will not be so eager to let single memberstates meddle in their resolve , neither could they be stopped by some rebelling governments . 
  finland can not decide that on its own . 
  it needs the ecb , and the ecb is malfuntional . 
  it will also require a european fiscal policy . 
  why not kick all non-euro members out of the ep , and create a two-speed europe . 
  i would not support another ez parliament/government whatever . 
  just make all countries that do not want to join the euro , an associate member . 
  all those with a clear road plan of joining ( poland , romania etc. ), 
  can stay in the ep provided they implement this plan without delay . 
  remove power from the council while we 're add it , give the parliament those new powers , close the office in straatburg , and make the commission president directly elected by citizens of the eu/ez . 
  the primary thing usually stopping integration is memberstates giving power to the eu , but then controlling that power through the council . 
  ceding of power should be to a different entity , the ep . 
   the irony is that current youth in europe wishes to stop the austerity so they could push even heavier burden to their own future children . 
  the opposit to austerity does not have to be borrowing ( from the private market ) . 
   with calls for a eurozone parliament . 
  another parliament ? 
  why not have that done by the ep . 
  ( and sell their office in straatsburg while we 're at it ), 
  no i 'm dutch . 
   as the population decreases , there 'll be less people to buy things for consumption and the industries would reorient to cater to foreign markets more , no ? 
  before the population decreases , it will age . 
  causing more consumption and less production . 
  i think at the very least they should n't come closer to being a part of the eu until erdogan leaves the stage . 
  we 'll have to see what his successor makes of it , and we 'll need all the accession chapters to make him/her prove him/herself . 
  that these pesky russians stole our crimean clay . 
  you could always migrate to / r/sweden . 
  i wonder if geenstijl can , and if it can , will put this up for referendum too . 
  turkey should n't become part of the eu , and i 'm fairly certain that 's exactly what a referendum will tell . 
   we still need to have a look at the pension and healthcare system , i would suggest letting old people eat their house and savings first when they require extensive healthcare . 
  pensions will be lowered to a point where the system is sustainable on the long term with the money flows in and out . 
  i really see no issue there , the current young people will be poorer in every stage of life than the current old people . 
  so it 's clear where the money needs to come from . 
  and their house is the main engine driving that dynamic , over 50 % of our wealth is in houses , and all the wealth the old people have build up in these houses is essentially taken from the young people . 
  oi , the dutch republic helped you too . 
  i see no reason why , i did n't report you either , but you could have been more diplomatically . 
  the elite fear dwindling populations though . 
  it would put the housing market bottom up , wages would rise , and we would become a more consumption based economy instead of an export based economy , putting many of the current aristocrats out of business . 
  the collapse of the housing market would be a large wealth transfer from old people to the young people , that would be a disaster for the old people . 
  you must have been drunk last night , quite some trolling you 've been doing . 
  because i do n't live in the third world . 
  perhaps he is n't a spy . 
  in any case i wish you all the luck , no person should have to endure that . 
  hope you end up somewhere where you can live as you are without having to endure that . 
   but in this context , multiculturalism is something you either accept or reject , and not something that is or is n't happening . 
  only if you can integrate/assimilate these groups , and i have no reason to believe they can . 
  which makes it not a choice to ` accept ' or ` reject ' it but something that will just happen naturally unless they succeed . 
   and you say that goes against letting immigrants in . 
  within this context , how so ? 
  not against all immigrants . 
  for these particular immigrants in these amounts because it failed before , in more than one european country . 
   basic rights would be not being beaten up in the streets or thrown in jail , i think europe does fine in that prospect . 
  that happens here every now and then ( except the jail part ) but it 's not a common occurence . 
  big cities like amsterdam have/had some issues with muslims beating gays , a friend of mine was one of them . 
  did n't know it was so bad in marocco though , always thought it was one of the most liberal islamic countries in north africa/middle east together with tunesia . 
  i believe in absolute freedom of speech/expression , so i see that as a bad thing . 
  we do not change peoples minds by making their opinion punishable , and banning speech/expression is always thin ice to skate on , who determines what is hate speech , and why should we fear what they say if it is hate speech , people are very capable of thinking themselves . 
  banning something also often has the opposit effect of the intended one , making it more interesting and luring to some people , and they 'll form more insular communities more difficult to oversee , and more prone to radicalisation . 
   what about the migrants that have nothing ? 
  should they receive the same level of help ? 
  of course . 
   why should they get to take the same amount of help if they are n't contributing ? 
  because they can not contribute , in which case it seems reasonable to me the tax payer does that . 
   i feel paying to help another human being have a new life is the moral thing to do . 
  then you should pay , but not force others to . 
  germany does not have gay marriage and is a bit more conservative/religious than the other countries . 
  but i gues it depends wether you would call that basic rights . 
  i would personally advice learning the language before you move , if you know it at least sufficiently to hold ( basic ) conversations , you 're going to learn it pretty quickly once there and using it every day . 
  english speaking countries would be easiest i gues , canada seems nice too . 
  where are you from if i may ask ? 
  head north ( netherlands , sweden , norway , uk ) if you 're looking for basic rights as a gay person and can stand the climate ( these countries offer better prospects economically ) or west ( spain/portugal ) if it 's too cold/windy/rainy for you . 
  many european countries do not have basic rights for a gay person , as far as i 'm aware we do though .
