  at the start of the war is was not present , and many other groups where still either irrelevant or not part of the conflict . 
  this skewers the statistics . 
  with people like this it 's no wonder the eu is in the state its in . 
  he 's probably not the first , this is exactly how my sister got arrested in new york for wearing a cap with ` wegpolitie west-vlaanderen ' with a propellor on top . 
  luckily she got of with a warning , they told her to wear a cap with an american police designation on it next time . 
  what did they say to your brother ? 
   we should definitely follow the principle of ` self-determination ' absolutely , always . 
  of course i do , but that is not more reason to be wary of them . 
  if we create division , it is only natural others will exploit that , we should be wary of ourselves . 
  sadly i 've not seen these common core values , but should they ever appear , i 'll be the first to support them . 
  until that time we should act in our own benefit , just as the us does . 
  i do n't think you understand what i just said . 
  external actors are n't sowing discord , internal actors are . 
  they 're just capitalising on it . 
  i do n't doubt their usefulness to putin , does n't change the political , economic and social situation in europe . 
  which is the real issue here , putin did n't create this political shift , europe did , or rather the current political establishment . 
  our government is one of the biggest funders in the world in this . 
  we should step up if we could stop the inflow , but currently every refugee coming here costs around 30.000 euro per year , we can help a lot more in the region with that , but can only spend it once . 
  this should also not be purely a european responsibility , but a global one . 
  jea but they are in the middle east , not europe . 
  but those are in lebanon , jordan and turkey . 
  let the people decide for themselves , hold a referendum , ukraine or russia , and put an end to the conflict . 
  looks like someone just rose up from the 1930s , do me a favour , and crawl under that rock again , thank you . 
   theroretically yes , in reality it looks different . 
  greece , amongst others , has always been critical of the sanctions but they were persuaded not to vote against it . 
  opposition does not naturally mean rejection . 
   i did n't say it was , greece is against but does n't vote against . 
  if they would however , they 're of the table . 
   agreed , likely a lot more conditions would apply . 
  such as ? 
  i would like to see some participation with regards to the mh17 research/prosecution be tied in there as well . 
  where ? 
  sanctions require unanimity , one country falling out of line is sufficient . 
  however they should let the lifting of the sanctions be dependant on the russian withdrawel from the donbass . 
  he did n't say that . 
   `` we must analyze everything happening on the battlefield , how the weapons operate . 
  the kalibrs ( sea based cruise missiles ) and kh-101 ( airborne cruise missile ) have proved to be modern and highly effective , and now we know it for sure - precision weapons that can be equipped with both conventional and special warheads , which are nuclear , '' putin said . 
   ** `` naturally , this is not necessary when fighting terrorists and , i hope , will never be needed , '' ** when reading rt , keep your salt pot within a hand 's reach , just as you ( should ) do with other media outlets . 
   no , usually you start school at 6 . 
   germans spend an average of 18,17 years in education according to the oecd . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/topics/education/ )  nope , in fact your view is rather unrealistic . 
  motivation counts for a lot . 
  suit yourself , ignorance is bliss . 
  i was raised protestant , but became atheist somewhere along the line , though i have a fascination for the old germanic gods and worship , i would still classify myself as atheist . 
  anyway i 'm dutch . 
  was that flair better ? 
   not nearly that much , that would be the number for a university graduate , but that 's only about 15 % . 
  the minimum would be 9 years , a typical value probably 12 . 
   children do n't go to school from 4 years on in germany ? 
  and i find it unlikely the average leaves school at 16 . 
   that is bizarrely pessimistic . 
  realistic is the word you 're looking for , i understand the confusion , they do have a little in common . 
   but i also think it 's unwise to let hundreds of thousands of people sit on hartziv doing nothing that 's why i oppose these people coming here , and why it 's unwise to let them stay . 
  * 38 venezuela * 39 serbia * 40 netherlands * 41 belgium * 42 belarus hah , take that belgium !, 
   but an illiterate 25 year old afghan who speaks only farsi is n't going to get far without significant investment in education , integration and ausbildung . 
  it 's not just an issue of investment . 
  the average german spends what , 18 years in education ? 
  and that 's in their prime learning years . 
  an illiterate 25 year old can not do much anymore , regardless of investment . 
  he did n't . 
   `` naturally , this is not necessary when fighting terrorists and , i hope , will never be needed . '' how can anyone distill a threat from that ? 
  if that 's true , that would be great news . 
  the dm will become the most important currency yes , but pegs can be adjusted , and we will no longer have a fixed exchange rate . 
   how do we know this when it 's scope and implementation have n't been agreed yet ? 
   presumably with london being a financial hub , this will hurt the uk . 
   this is all pretty interesting for a number of reasons :  * ( 1 ) estonians are very sensible . 
  ignorance is bliss . 
   trump from saying : `` those soldiers we have in your country , they 're now in charge . . '' it 's just that they would n't last a week before the last ones enter pow camps . 
   `` you try to hurt me , but i 'm going to have the last laugh '' i 'm not sure he 'll have the last laugh when thousands of american soldiers are taken prisoner and american equipment is confiscated . 
   as i reminded a german friend who said that germany should leave nato , such a course of action would basically mean that germany would have to be very careful not to anger poland ; he quickly changed his mind . 
  euhm ... okay ... interesting . 
  so sweden and finland are very careful now with superpower poland not to anger them ? 
  tell me more . 
  then they better increase security at our museums before we lose more of our national heritage . 
  give him a medal , with larger boats , they could have dissolved the calais jungles . 
  they also changed the title , or he/she editorialized it . 
   so we will have reliable data once the entries of 2015 are finally processed . 
  i do n't think so . 
  because you 'll know the number of accepted asylum claims , and you 'll know the number of refused claims , but you do n't know the number that are actually deported or leave on their own account . 
  most rejected people do not get deported , and many will end up in illegality . 
   and more will come , that 's a downright certainity . 
   not as many as this year though . 
  correct , probably more . 
  you did n't notice the '  ' at the end ? 
  i was just kidding , you guys have some wierd politicians and odd hard-on for third world immigration , but you 're as good as any european . 
  and the gripens are hardly swedish , saab even needs us permission for every export sale . 
  the netherlands has combined assistance in syria with a political solution , our fm says it is not useful to bomb in syria if there 's no end game . 
  oh come on , nobody likes the swedes , not even the americans . 
  they missed the memo about already being at 1.000.000 applications this year ? 
  yes , for 76.000 people . 
  you are aware that 's a pretty irrelevant number , right ? 
   this means that the federal government will communicate in german with its german speaking citizens . 
  which compromise about 0,7 % of the belgian population . 
  unless you 're planning to work in the german community or some specific function in the federal government related to that , you have little need for german . 
  overall i would not advice people seeking for work in belgium to learn german . 
  i 'm pretty sure she 's aware of that , and the gulden , the belgian franc , the spanish peseta , italian lira and so on and so forth . 
   they come across as quasi-fascists , do they ? 
  i 'm not sure the definition of ` fascist ' is ` being against the current order ' . 
  but i gues one mans ' fascist is another mans ' freedom fighter . 
   just like in the netherlands , flanders has a very strong economy with an industry heavily dependent on germany .
