   it is , and materials are impossible to get . 
  it is a highly regulated market . 
  the netherlands is one of the only none-nuclear countries in europe ( well apart from the nato arsenal on volkel ) that has acces to highly enriched uranium , and the us is always on it ( even trying to shut the reactors down during his last visit )  every country can build one , just put enough money in . 
  absolute nonsense . 
  a few countries can build an nuclear bomb in europe , bet even less can actually put it on a missile . 
  france is the only country that builds their own arsenal in europe apart from russia , even the uk uses american delivery hardware . 
   out of a nation of 16 million , 17 these days . 
  ah the days that there where still 15 million mensen op dit hele kleine stukje aarde . 
  [ read ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3w7kfu/ban_petrol_diesel_cars_by_2050_european/cxud066 ) before you make a fool of yourself . 
  the average coal and gas plants that produce my electricity already struggle to reach that 40 % . 
  then there 's transportation loss , change loss , charging/storing loss , and then mechanic loss . 
  overall my diesel will likely be more efficient on long distances . 
  because estonia does not have airplanes that can shoot down an aircraft . 
  glonass is a modern gps system . 
   estonia 's gdp is $ 40 billion . 
  25,9 billion [ 1 ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/estonia/gdp ) . 
  just a few , the us invaded more countries the past decades , yet they somehow feel comfortable relying on them for their defense . 
   the old argument that electric cars cant compete with fossil fuel engines at high speed and high distances seem to lose ground every year that passes . 
   while it is true , it still has much ground to cover . 
  issue is that it 's useless as long as we do n't have a durable way of producing energy . 
  my diesel car is as efficient as a 100 % electric car , so there 's no environmental reason for me to switch to an electric car , even if there would be one that would be practical purely hypothethically . 
  we plant some trees and pray to freya they 'll vanish in thin air . 
  very likely , but let 's hope it does n't have to happen . 
  they did n't have the material in syria , though they do now . 
  they have this material in russia though . 
  oeh much saltiness , i shall feast on your tears . 
  best regards , vladimir the great , vladimir the magnificient , vladimir the merciful . 
   but in transport . 
  and feeding the german economy . 
  the netherlands has a huge oil refinery industry and steel industry . 
  rotterdam has a few of the largest oil refiniries in the world , and it 's not a coincedence that the annual production of refined oil products in the netherlands is equal to the annual german consumption . 
   they made the move during a sweet spot in the 90s when russia was n't in a position to do much . 
    what about the break away region in moldova , you contradict yourself . 
   the two in ukraine , the two in georgia , the one in azerbaijan ? 
  when countries fall apart they often leave behind issues . 
  crimea was a historic mistake that 's now corrected , georgia is a complicated issue where russia had to act to prevent further escalation , and the donbass is a conflict caused by an incompetent europe , a regime change , and a nervous russia . 
  the eu is far too large , it contains too many very different members . 
  southern europe should not have been a part , and neither eastern europe , nor france or the uk . 
  all these countries are in different stages of development , mentality and politics . 
  if we had an eu that would contain the benelux , scandinavia , germany and austria , i 'm pretty sure we would have an extremely well functioning political/monetary/economic union . 
  side effect of the current eu is that a ` common eu approach ' will be such a limbo that nobody is ever satisfied , so countries start pulling up their turd again . 
   it 's politics . 
  economics probably . 
  the netherlands and germany have as much trade as france and germany . 
  making the netherlands the second largest trading partner of germany . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://www.destatis.de/en/factsfigures/nationaleconomyenvironment/foreigntrade/tradingpartners/tables/orderrankgermanytradingpartners.pdf?__blob=publicationfile ) larger than the us , larger than china , larger than the uk etc. 
  and it 's not only the amount of , but also type of . 
  the netherlands and germany are basically one economic zone , we can not go without each other . 
   germany can probably survive on its own , the netherlands is the 4th largest export market of germany . 
  this is of course for a large part throughput , but it 's vital none the less . 
  the netherlands and germany are tied together for better or worse . 
  most of the european countries can not build nukes , nor are they allowed to . 
   but every time one tries a new break away region appears within its borders so where are the break away regions of lithuania ? 
  the ones of estonia ? 
  and what about latvia , did we forget poland ? 
  czech republic none either ? 
  and even hungary none ? 
  well that 's odd . 
   in crowded airspace . 
  sure . 
  but the gulf of finland is not crowded airspace , and although being the norm , it is still allowed to turn them of . 
  damn right he did . 
   oh , really ... 
  the balts are the ones threatening to use nukes every other day , right ? 
  if they had them , it would n't surprise me . 
   in a crowded airspace such as europe . 
  they 're not flying over london or the benelux , the baltic sea/gulf of finland is not a crowded airspace . 
   and being a dick in general . 
  i gues you have that much in common with your neighbour , maybe you guys are made for each other . 
  you balts sure are some hot headed war mongers . 
  you need to calm the fuck down . 
  after which a lot will go down . 
   then why turn off your transponder ? 
  because they do n't have to turn it on . 
   if you are training respond to calls , tell your flight path and you are free to go . 
  that 's not at all necessary , and they choose not to do that , which is their right . 
   which is why we have to send jets to follow them every single time . 
  you do n't even have jets . 
  that 's not all that usual for a military plane to do . 
  because they have the right to ? 
  because they have an exclave between poland and lithuania ? 
  because their pilots need to train ? 
  they do n't have much choice but flying near estonia do they ? 
  so what do you suggest , russia not flying over the baltic sea anymore because it 's ` needlessly aggressive ' ? 
  absolutely , but removing both assad and isis/daesh is impossible , and will just bring more problems exchanging one for the other . 
  isis will be replaced by the same kind of people under a different banner ( al nusra , al qeada or a dozen other beasts with different names ) and removing assad will ensure syria will be compeltely fractured for many years to come , and will likely end up in redrawing borders with all the consequences that encompasses . 
  i 'm personally a supporter of wrapping up a plan with assad , russia and western allies to regain control of as much of syria as possible , with the help of international troops and un blue helmets , and start talks on replacing assad with a more acceptible government . 
  yes but they ca n't do that , the steeper the rise the harder the fall i gues . 
  their pronunciation shows they 're middle or northern dutch . 
  belgians and southern dutch pronounce the g as if ... 
  they 're gay . 
   and a bit overall different pronunciation , but i ca n't really explain it , just hear it . 
  it also had quite some attention here through media / social media etc. 
  dutch , not belgians , this is in the netherlands . 
  the issue is that 1/3th of europe is isolationist , 1/3th only wants soldiers pointing guns at russia , and only 1/3th is actually involved in international affairs . 
  that third is having a crisis , enormous migration from the other 2/3th as well as the entire third world , had to do away with much of their armed forces because of the euro and eu , and are all but united . 
  do n't believe the british ... just do n't . 
  does n't seem worth reporting on , fits in just fine in the lawless state our borders are in . 
  many of the refugees do not come from syria directly , but from refugee camps in lebanon , jordan and turkey . 
  they fled when the war broke out , spend some time in refugee camps , and left for europe once they realized they have no prospects in these camps and the war is not going to get solved any time soon .
