  the city also has a very large immigrants population , about 26 % of the citizens in brussels are muslims , who mostly came in as low-skilled labour migrants in the 1950s-1970s . 
  their social mobility is very low , and low skilled jobs are all but vanished . 
   brussels ( wealthy ) statistically . 
  in reality brussels is poor as a church rat . 
  we wo n't , we just need to remove ourselves from the american tit and start transforming the eu from an international joke to a unified block with central governance . 
  with or without certain current members . 
   the problem is that all the different parties would be very reluctant to share their knowledge , fearing that countries like france will once again drop out and profit from the exposed data . 
  if they will not overcome this , the european fighter jet industry will not be around anymore for much longer . 
   i would not list russia here by the way . 
  nobody bar china has bought recent russian planes . 
  the russians have a better more advanced fighter jet industry than europe does , rivalled only by the us . 
   if germany and a european consortium want to develop an all new attack aircraft it will almost certainly be more expensive than just buying the f-35 . 
   we need to stop importing this stuff though , and build it ourselves . 
  but the only way to do that is large scale pan-european cooperation , which we 're not ready for yet . 
  germany actually has the 5th largest military industry in the world . 
  it has a larger arms export industry than the uk . 
   pak fa us$ 50 + million for prototype ; no info on final model or mass production someone remind me why we went for the f-35 . 
  jea , that 's usually how european cooperation ends up being . 
  it 's no wonder we have the ( perpetual ) euro crisis and refugees crisis . 
  eventually they 'll have to though , the european fighter jet industry is dying . 
  true , but if europe would create a pan-european fighter jet producer , with all national aviation industries holding the shares or something , it could create an airframe and use it to produce 2 or 3 variants . 
  for example a naval variant , a land based variant , and a cheaper/downtuned variant . 
  it would still have the benefit of scale , despite having multiple choices . 
  this way they could possibly also compete with the better fighter jet industries in russia and the us . 
  it was still irresponsible , and needlessly aggressive . 
  it was a question of cooperation , the other partners where willing to build a navalized version , they just where n't willing to sell themselves of to french demands , which where ridiculous . 
  it looks penetrated to me judging by the pictures . 
  it has multiple holes . 
   they broadcasted the warnings on an internationally recognized emergency channel though , i hope they did n't , because the turks are aware the russian airforce does n't always operate on these channels . 
  this discussion has been held before , both the us and turks knew they will need to contact the russians on their own channel . 
  if it was indeed given on internationally recognized frequency , the turks did it on purpose and made sure the russian pilot was unaware of what was happening . 
   it 's ridiculous that you blame turkey for being unable to communicate when their were civilian airline pilots which knew what was happening but the russian pilot did not . 
  i am blaming them for not proceeding to the next step after radio warnings , namely visual warnings . 
   i do n't want a plane that was just doing a bombing run flying over my airspace that 's for sure . 
  an odd shaped piece of airspace for + / - 7 seconds . 
  you 'll be okay . 
   f-35 may end up being the cheapest thanks to it being built at such a large scale . 
  which is why i hope they do next time - , and will have to if they want to stay relevant in the jet fighter market , build a real european airplane . 
  i mean currently europe produces the saab gripen , eurofighter , and rafale jet fighters . 
  combine these three industries and you could build a better plane , cheaper , and thus with probably more export succes , which leads to more future investments and funds for development and thus less reliance on state funds ( which are declining every year anyway ), 
  if the french would want to cooperate with others next time to build a jet , the germans are willing to buy them . 
  but the french left the ef program . 
  so let them sell their rafale 's to india or something . 
   well it 's because they turned off their transponder , i 'm sure turkey has military radars too , and the russian pilots where preparing for landing , so they where bound to have contact with the russian airbase . 
  the turks also knew the russians operate at a certain frequency , this has been discussed before . 
  it is possible the turks deliberately warned over the wrong channel to justify shooting down the jet . 
   i agree it was an overreaction , but if anything the irresponsibility is on the russian end . 
  both sides acted irresponsibly . 
  i 've no idea . 
  though the dutch pilot said he did n't hear the russian pilots even once . 
  they did n't respond , which seems odd , as the pilot noted that the turkish warnings got more aggressive and intense each time they warned . 
  so the nores at rystad energy are lying [ 1 ] ( http://www.klassekampen.no/article/20151218/article/151219809 ) , and we should trust you instead ? 
   is it not irresponsible to ignore countless warnings , he never said it was n't . 
  however as things stand , it seems the pilot did not recieve radio warnings and turkey failed to give visual warnings as is custom . 
  funny how you get downvoted . 
  you should be jerking with the rest , do n't be too reasonable whenever it 's about russia with all these smug reactionary easterners on here . 
   a violation of 17 seconds according to the turks , which is found unlikely because it would mean the plane was flying at + / - 400km/h . 
  the actual time in turkish airspace was somewhere just below 10 seconds . 
  ( downvote more people and turkish brigaders , these are facts , ca n't have that ruine the circlejerk on here . ), 
   still it 's a pretty big fuck-up and example of poor engineering . 
  it 's not like a commercial airliner black box that just has to deal with impact energy . 
  the thing got hit by a missile remember , there 's also fuel and other bombs on board . 
   puting should make up his mind , if the black box is readable or not , this is not a schr\u00f6dingers box because every russian article = putin 's personal opinion . 
  depends on the person you ask . 
   i think the dutch are one of the people that wo n't stand for shit like this . 
   we already did , the tide is turning , but we where just as infected , and still are to an extend . 
   yeah , and hitler was kind to dogs . 
  / s  he was also the first to criminalize maltreatment of animals and enacted several animal wefare ( and natural preservation - ) laws , who to this day still form the basis in german law for animal/natural welfare . 
  that seems like a bigger achievement than his love for his dogs . 
  things do n't tend to be black and white . 
   they identified as communists , source ? 
   they had a strong political and social influence and pushed the country towards the processes i identified above . 
  which are not communist . 
   if their ideas were real communism or not , and if they were real communists or not does n't concern me . 
  then do n't use it as boogeyman in your anti-intellectual behaviour . 
   my original argument stands - had greece cracked down on them , on these people who identified as such and pushed the political landscape to those decisions , i 'm sure it does , if you where n't ignorant you would n't have made the initial comment . 
  we 're not going to change that trait with a few replies . 
   it would ' v turned out differently . 
  had greece not joined the euro it would 've turned out diffrently , had greece joined a euro with a fiscal union it would have turned out differently , had the ez not turned a blind eye to financial fraud it would have turned out differently . 
   go argue semantics and what real communism is somewhere else . 
  i do n't have to , i 'm simply pointing out your ignorance and boogeyman approach you use to prevent having to use your mind . 
   is a country that has a federal constitutional ban on minarets sounds reasonable enough to me . 
  minarets do not belong in switserland . 
   in that context you can see how the strength of reactionary voting in swiss conditional referendums ( the first to give women suffrage failed by a large margin ) . 
  that 's democracy , the majority wants it , eventhough you do n't like it . 
  this is reason we do n't have a real democracy in the rest of europe , and we do n't do what the people want . 
   their situation is the direct result of 30 years of exponentially increasing government spending , particurarly on wellfare , burreaucracy and wellfare , that 's not communism . 
   talking of cuts or fiscal responsibility was turned into a taboo that meant political suicide precisely because the communists would accuse anyone who dared do it of being like the `` regime of colonels '' . 
  * that 's not communism . 
  * if it would be political suicide , that 's an electoral/democratic deficiency . 
   the communists led the country into this spiral of spending and stifled any talk against this , so of course it is their fault . 
  they where n't communists . 
  you do n't need communists to screw up financially . 
  communism does n't mean `` bankrupting a country '' eventhough the results can be the same . 
  blaming greece 's problems on communism just shows you have a severe lack of understanding of the situation , and an easy scape goat to avoid having to understand it . 
  ukraine is a country we 've not seen in our community before . 
  i 've no idea how things will turn out should they ever gain membership or anything , but it ca n't be good . 
  i 've a feeling it will be a giant black gaping hole and vortex in the eu budget , spreading organized crime throughout europe . 
  a little like kosovo ( organ trade , slave trade etc. ), 
  and moldova where 1/8th of their gdp recieved from the eu ( 1 billion dollar ) just vanishes into thin air , but then much larger , and thus much worse .
