  you 'll need ice which is at least 2 dozen cm 's or so thick . 
  so a lot of days with continuous frost . 
  and most of the times , for example 2 years ago it was possible , but heat builds up under bridges and then it 's not sufficient . 
  but if it freezes here for one day , the whole country will be talking about it for weeks to come . 
   * article 108 [ edit ] the president of ukraine exercises his or her powers until the assumption of office by the newly-elected president of ukraine . 
   the powers of the president of ukraine terminate prior to the expiration of term in cases of :  * resignation ; * inability to exercise his or her powers for reasons of health ; * removal from office by the procedure of impeachment ; * death . 
   * article 110 [ edit ] the inability of the president of ukraine to exercise his or her powers for reasons of health shall be determined at a meeting of the verkhovna rada of ukraine and confirmed by a decision adopted by the majority of its constitutional composition on the basis of a petition of the supreme court of ukraine - on the appeal of the verkhovna rada of ukraine , and a medical opinion . 
   * article 111 [ edit ] the president of ukraine may be removed from office by the verkhovna rada of ukraine by the procedure of impeachment , in the event that he or she commits state treason or other crime . 
   the issue of the removal of the president of ukraine from office by the procedure of impeachment is initiated by the majority of the constitutional composition of the verkhovna rada of ukraine . 
   to conduct the investigation , the verkhovna rada of ukraine establishes a special temporary investigatory commission whose composition includes a special procurator and special investigators . 
   the conclusions and proposals of the temporary investigatory commission are considered at a meeting of the verkhovna rada of ukraine . 
   for cause , the verkhovna rada of ukraine , by no less than two-thirds of its constitutional composition , adopts a decision on the accusation of the president of ukraine . 
   the decision on the removal of the president of ukraine from office by the procedure of impeachment is adopted by the verkhovna rada of ukraine by no less than three-quarters of its constitutional composition , after the review of the case by the constitutional court of ukraine and the receipt of its opinion on the observance of the constitutional procedure of investigation and consideration of the case of impeachment , and the receipt of the opinion of the supreme court of ukraine to the effect that the acts , of which the president of ukraine is accused , contain elements of state treason or other crime they skipped the entire process , and managed to get 328 votes to remove the president , 116 against and 6 did not vote . 
  for the final procedure they needed 338 votes . 
  they did n't reach a sufficient majority , but it would n't even matter , because they skipped all the rest . 
   europe is n't on its knees for the us , are you joking ? 
   europe as a whole is incredibly powerful . 
  ha ... haha ... . . hahahahahaha . 
  then the deal is changed , political union is useless without a monetary union and many other ` unions ' . 
   he was voted out by parliament , not by the procedure as described in the ukrainian constitution . 
  they did not have sufficient votes , and skipped the parliamentary procedure , therefor it was done illegally . 
  that 's none negotiable . 
  and during kingsday , every german and austrian will wear orange , not just the footballers , while we heave our pint of beer on ` prins pils ' . 
  of course we 're willing to do some water by the wine , so it 's okay if the pint is warsteiner instead of amstel ( that 's our beer anyway ), 
  [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evqokyo59vo ) is certainly one of the biggest dutch hits of 2015 , and rightfuly so . 
   surely eastern memberstates would make concessions and take those refugees if that means they get to be a part of the superstate . 
  i do n't think so . 
  they 're only in it as long as it benefits them . 
   european project is still popular in ee , especially among young people . 
  as long as it 's a one way street it will be popular , it wo n't be popular once they understand what it relaly means ( giving and taking ), 
   a coup ( / \u02ccku\u02d0 / ) , or an overthrow , is the sudden and illegal seizure of a state it was sudden , and after the president fled , the parliament did n't meet the constitutional criteria of deposing the president . 
  so it was illegal and it was sudden , i can understand someone calling it a coup , it more or less was one . 
   agreed , but development should occur at the behest of government and people , it is at the behest of people . 
  taxi 's are worthless here and should be avoided at all cost , only if all other options fail would i see someone consider a taxi . 
  it 's ridiculous that every taxi driver needs a ` taxi pass ' worth 1000 euro , and that it is run by large scale protectionist corrupt and bureaucratic firms . 
  just let it loose , let people decide about quality not a taxi pass , let taxi 's be a smaller scale market too if that 's more efficient . 
  as long as an individual taxi driver pays his income taxes it 's fine . 
  no need to protect these old giants from progress . 
  i 've always been amazed how italy lets itself be treated as some balkan backhole by germany . 
  italians seem to have forgotten the size of their country , or lost their self esteem for some reason . 
  well a drivers licence can cost around 2000 euro or sometimes more here . 
  that 's a lot of money for a 16/17 year old , most of the times parents pay for it , but in case they do n't you 'll have to work quite a lot of hours if you consider a 16/17 year old earns around 4 euro per hour . 
  belgium is still a state . 
  common language wo n't happen , but everybody knows english as a second language so we should be fine . 
  and anyone who does n't use the euro should be booted from the political union , to avoid creating yet another layer of governance . 
  no , but not much better either . 
  i was never a supporter of eastern expansion , and here we are , things turned out as i feared . 
  i think that was two years ago . 
  well it would be a big festival when it happens again . 
  i believe it was possible then , but somebody screwed up dumping ( heated ) wastewater , which led to weak points along the route . 
  i remember they were all measuring ice everywhere here . 
  do n't hold me on the date though , it could have been three years too , but i 'm nearly certain it was n't last year ( we did n't have any frost during the day last winter ), 
  we 'll need a more cheerful and modern name then that though . 
  it can not have germany in the name because i 'm not waiting to share the war guilt with them , i was more thinking about ` greater netherlands ' or ` the kingdom of the netherlands ' . 
  i 'm sure willem alexander will make a fine head of state . 
  the netherlands , germany and austria are a better fit than the benelux . 
  belgium is half french , and not that much a like . 
  if flanders would become a separate state , it would make a better fit in the puzzle . 
  i 'm not really interested in that , it will just become a maze of useless institutions , stiffling bureaucracy and corruption . 
   agreed , but even those remaining countries might split due to economic reasons , currently germany , france and benelux 's economies are strangling the other countries , i know , this is worrying . 
   so there should be a temporary split to allow the other countries to catch up . 
  absolutely not , once split they will not get together again . 
  what we need is bundling resources , a banking union , fiscal transfers to the south etc. 
  this will greatly improve the economic situation in the south , will costs us some on the short term , but this will be paid back on the long term . 
   so , a federation like the us ? 
  i think that is the best way to go without having separatists at every corner , in matters of foreign policies they work as one but internally each state enjoys a certain level of autonomy . 
  kind of yes , it does n't have to be an exact copy . 
  the memberstates will just more or less govern themselves but all policies binding the memberstate to the outside will be done centrally ( market policy , foreign policy , military , ( outer ) border security etc. ), 
  together we will elect a president , a parliament , and that will form a central government . 
  i would be in favour of a system we dutch have with the first chamber ( senate ) as i explained in another reply here . 
   most of these regulations could be drawn up through inter-governmental means instead of supranational ones . 
  no they ca n't , we know that much . 
  central decision making should be entirely pried lose of national states for it to work . 
  i would be in favour of a system we dutch have implemented during the united kingdom of the netherlands ( when belgium was part of the netherlands ) there the directly elected representatives of the provincial state elections of the provinces elect the members of the first chamber ( senate ) ( at least that 's how it is now ) it was designed to give the belgian nobility a hand brake . 
  the system does not allow direct interference , but has some form of accountability to the regions ( representatives that go completely against regional interests will likely not be voted for again by representatives of the regions ), 
  well not even france , i believe france does n't have the right intention as the base motivation for integration . 
  ( they want power for themselves , and germany chained to them ) in my opinion the ideal state to start with would be netherlands , germany and austria . 
  we 're essentially already one economy , we 're in the same financial position ( low debts , austere mentality ) , all things would come natural to us . 
  but my experience is that portugal , spain and italy are open to all cooperation , and have the best of interests . 
  however we would n't be able to exclude france , else we wo n't even share borders . 
  but a federal state of the netherlands , germany and austria would n't be a bad idea if a larger one fails . 
  finland is kind of an exception , but for the rest all nordics tend to be against european integration . 
  denmark and sweden do n't have the euro , norway and iceland are n't even eu members . 
  of course all nordics are welcome , but they would 've to be open to far reaching integration in my opinion . 
  which includes a common currency ( where it already stalls ) and you do n't even have to talk about a common military or foreign policy if a monetary union is already too much . 
  you ca n't have a common market without market regulation/authorities and laws , you ca n't have free movement without a common border protection , rules , authorities , asylum system etc. 
  you ca n't have free movement of labour with such divergent economies without some form of compensation scheme . 
  none of this will work , it has always been a dream of some people that we could somehow revert to the basic pillars of the ` eu ' without having the eu around , but currently the eu is already insufficiently organized ( which led to all the crises ) and this will only get worse if we dismantle it even more . 
  at most we could do with a non-tarriff zone and a visa free zone . 
  but this will have far reaching implications . 
  ( loss of influence , loss of purchasing power , loss of investments etc. ), 
  just wait until the temperature reaches -1 degrees celcius for a day , the whole country will be talking about an '11 stedentocht ' . 
  if true , that would be incredible . 
  but i have my doubts with the story , because the sword was n't found by the researchers , but it was found by someone who passed it over to family members , whom now presented it . 
  if it 's really a roman sword , and not a medieval replica or anything , there 's no proof it was actually found on oak island . 
  and it would be extraordinarily rare if this roman sword would have lasted in the water for so long ( at least + / - 1640 + years )  he explains that the discovery came about after a father and son were scalloping off oak island . 
  the father kept the sword for decades , and passed it along to his wife when he died . 
  it was then passed along to her daughter , who gave it to her husband , who eventually brought it forward to researchers . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://ca.news.yahoo.com/blogs/daily-buzz/sword-discovered-off-nova-scotias-oak-island-195223301.html ), 
   rules and regulations exist for a reason .
