  fine by me . 
  yes it fluctuates , but currently it 's very warm . 
  5 years or so ago we still had a day with + / - -22 degrees here . 
  that was rather common a few decades back , last winter ( 2014 ) i do n't think it has frozen even once during the day . 
  they do n't get to vote for that , the ones who pay do that . 
  and presented by the opportunity , i will consider doing so . 
   is germany openly running the eu now ? 
  have n't they done so for a while ? 
  without central decision making the biggest and strongest country just takes the wheel , which is germany currently . 
  there 's no reason to ask a refugees where he wants to go . 
  he/she just needs to be randomly selected , and brought to the country given to him . 
  at least it 's to the us , the netherlands gave permission for export of uranium to russia last week . 
  because these people have a profound hatred for europeans . 
   tarmac is far more durable for road material than anything you could use that is transparent enough to make a roadway effective . 
  that 's a vague claim without any back up . 
  tarmac is n't that durable , especially not the zoab variants . 
   tarmac needs repairs yearly in your country ? 
  they 'll need more as solar panels . 
  another vague claim . 
   tarmac is also cheaper than solar panels , as long as we drive fossile fuel powered cars . 
  if we stop doing that , we 're going to have some issues producing tarmac . 
  tarmac also does n't produce energy , so a higher price is n't all that concerning as long as we do n't have exact numbers  surface water is a big issue in the netherlands i imagine , a solar panel would do a worse job of mitigating that than tarmac would . 
  that 's not of much concern , there are ways to drain that . 
  this is why we use zoab tarmac ( it 's porous and the water just runs through it )  simply making use of that money that could go into solar roadways can subsidize solar panels into - being - a cheaper alternative for people to have power . 
  this has a lot of its own disadvantages . 
  more difficult network managing ( solar panels on homes can actually increase pollution instead of decreasing it ) smaller scale is less efficient , not all roof surface is usable , and most people do n't have the money to procure a system . 
   the money going into building the roadway , and the increased road tax for maintaining it would be much better spent elsewhere . 
  the road tax in the netherlands is so high , that half of it is n't spend on roads . 
  instead of increasing taxes , they can divert that half . 
   as opposed to roads covered in vehicles , dirt , water , rubber , snow . 
  roads are cleaned here , they barely have dirt on them , for water you have drains , rubber is cleaned of too , and snow is so rare in the netherlands that i forgot what it looks liks . 
  if this is global warming we may have broke the 2 degrees a very long time ago . 
  i remember reading last year it had something to do with currents in northern canada and greenland disturbing both the us and european climate . 
  i 'm not a climate expert though . 
  we got use to it . 
  it was not always like this . 
   one , two , three . 
   i 've just took some pictures from the window . 
  it 's like -23 c right now . 
  stop making us jeaulous . 
  probably . 
  a sad case , we 've been willing to share and give so much to the east and the second we 're in trouble we get nothing but a ` fuck you ' . 
  i 'll remember that one . 
  wish we could restrict immigration from eastern europe after reducing the cohesional/structural funds , seeing as they 're not so fond of immigrants they can better stay home , that way we 'll have more room for syrians . 
  oh ` god ' , this is a rare specimen . 
   you mean the from 60 % of the population down to 10 % guys ? 
  i do n't know , did you have a memberlist of the remonstrant church ? 
   catholics remain a solid quarter . 
  catholics are only in the south , courtesy of the spanish . 
  their numbers are also dwindling . 
  it 's 16 % by the way , and they where n't 60 % any time recently , they where below the catholics ( 24 % ) . 
   not even 1 % of all available roof surface is covered in solar panels , and that 's the lowest of the low hanging fruit . 
   perhaps , but those are for private use , right ? 
  not everybody is willing or able to buy solar panels . 
  it 's not like the government can force civilians to put solar panels on their roofs . 
  that was not written by me . 
  not all rooftops are fit for solar panels , and for those that are , people will indeed have to be able to finance them , and it makes network managing more difficult for network operators . 
  it 's also less efficient , it 's better to do it on a larger scale . 
  do they need one ? 
   is every single rooftop covered in solar panels ? 
  not every rooftop is fit for solar panels . 
   first priority is rooftop . 
  that has its disadvantages as well . 
   rooftops are far better . 
  many rooftops are n't fit for solar panels , and people mostly do n't have the money to acquire them . 
  the network operators are also facing more complicated network managing because of this . 
   tarmac is pretty durable , depends on what is used . 
  the zoab that recently replaced a lot of conventential tarmac in the netherlands is n't really durable , at first frost many miles of road are damaged and need repairs . 
   if you say , had a traffic jam , those are solar panels that are now covered and not being used for power . 
  with 135.470 km of roads i would n't worry about a few miles of traffic jam . 
  most traffic jams are on a few routes , and mostly at 8 am in the morning and 17 ; 00 in the afternoon , these are hours the solar panels are n't producing a lot anyway . 
   solar roadways are a bit of a silly idea that do n't really work all too well , build them above , not below . 
  they are n't silly if you think of it . 
  wether they work well will have to be seen , there 's nothing conclusive that can be said about it withour further testing . 
   this could work , but strict external border control must be implemented , absolutely . 
  this is also part of the refugee convention , asylumseekers must present themselves to the authorities without delay . 
  any policy enforcing this must include the inability to apply for asylum anywhere except the reception centers close to the borders . 
  so we would need reception centers in italy/greece , from where all are registered and then distributed , that 's it . 
  all who travel through will be denied everything and deported back to point of entry . 
   there 's tons of issues dealing with heaving and stretching of the road , different weather conditions , durability and cost of maintenance , but even putting all that aside ...  of course , but building roads and constructing solar panels cost money too , the additional room will also yield benefits . 
   and it 's not like when you 're out of roofs , you 're out of room . 
  euh , yes we are out of room . 
  we 're the most densily populated country in europe experiencing the largest population growth of the century . 
  the two remaining trees in this country can make room for a solar panel , or we make more efficient use of the limited space we have . 
  reminds me of the holland class opv 's , they also have a full fledged beer bar , complete with darts and football . 
  ca n't seem to find the pictures anymore . 
   why ? 
  why would you want to drive over your solar panels ? 
  it does n't matter wether you drive over a solar panel or asphalt/bricks , as long as it gives traction it 's fine . 
   what possible advantage could that give you ? 
  more efficient use of space . 
  it would cost no more room , and even create more room ( as some other production can be shut down )  why not put them anywhere that is n't a road surface ? 
  because there 's no room for that . 
   solar roadways just do n't make sense . 
  they make a lot of sense , especially in the netherlands . 
  if we relocate them throughout europe the numbers will also be reduced per memberstate . 
  in the current legal framework , refugees registered in un camps in the region can also be deported and refused asylum , but we need better administrative systems for that ( but that would be an inherent part of a permanent redistribution scheme in the eu ) , economic immigrants should be purged out of the system faster ( better deportation mechanism , and detention until deportation instead of having them linger in asylumcenters taking room from real refugees ) and europe should politically , after it has shown it can redistribute refugees internally , start negotiations with international countries for global redistribution . 
  south american countries have already shown willingness to cooperate , that 's very good , there could be more , europe just needs to show leadership , and countries willing to cooperate should also recieve priority relations with europe above countries not willing to . 
   these people exist and they are n't going to disappear the moment we build a wall around europe . 
  you do realize there are other ways of handling the situation than `` building a wall around europe '' as opposed to anarchy ?
