  you 're right but most of the nuclear plants in europe are several decades old . 
   prices may rise/fall for various reasons ( eg . 
  changes in supply/demand ) . 
  that does n't matter , inflation measures price level changes , it does n't cause it . 
   inflation/deflation is just one of many factors that determinate price changes i 'm not sure what you 're saying here given your first sentence . 
   but it still has to be included into the calculation ( but the int $ alone does n't ) . 
  it is by measuring general price indices . 
  cutting government spending leads to even less growth or even decline . 
  that 's how things work , or at least use to work pre-eurozone , debt accumulates until the economy starts growing again , then it 's a matter of keeping deficits below growth . 
  real multirole no doubt , air superiority , ground support role , and long range bombing ( air launched cruise missiles ) . 
  nuclear power is better than coal , and probably better than all other fossile fuels . 
  it 's the center between fossile fuel production and green energy sources , therefor it is currently a good way to produce energy , but not sure if it 's a good idea to plan constructing them . 
  considering a reactor will , once loaded , operate for + / - 20 years until it 's fuel rods have decayed into other elements . 
  closing existing ones , who still have working fuel rods , is a stupid idea unless there are genuine safety concerns . 
  nuclear reactors do have the issue that they do n't throttle well ( which coal plants do ) so they do n't handle a fluctuating load very good , therefor a network will need other sources that can be throttled . 
   most poorer countries are growing at a much faster rate than the richer countries . 
  150 % of 30.000 is more than 250 % of 15.000 . 
   ppp does n't do anything as far as inflation . 
  it adjusts for price levels and exchange rates . 
  rising price levels are also called inflation . 
  i did not want to take that rare opportunity away from you , sorry for that . 
  they could buy twice as many gripens as any of the other planes . 
  the plane does have that advantage . 
  it 's not as capable as all the others ( maybe on par with the f16 ng ) but airfields will be primary targets during an offensive , and 20 f-35 's are an easier target than 40 gripens . 
  i believe sweden even build their highways in such a way that they can take of and land on the road if needed . 
  i do n't think finns have the luxury to cut in military budgets . 
  their budget is already very low at + / - 1,1 % of gdp ( much lower than greece ) and they do have some worries about their neighbour every now and then . 
  it 's also likely that the government has already planned the procurement and set up a fund a while ago . 
  and as an extra , the current f18 's might be sold . 
  funding by debt is a perfectly natural thing for a state to do , it only becomes an issue when you ca n't offset the increase in debt by the increase of national income/gdp . 
  at least on the long term . 
  then you have two choices , increase gdp or decrease spending ( which leads to a further decrease in gdp ) at 68 % i still would n't worry too much ( the netherlands currently has 68.8 % ) , i gues it would be more interesting to see when the turning point is projected to come . 
  finland has a lower debt to gdp ratio than the netherlands and germany . 
  norway also has 5m people , and they ordered 51 f-35 's . 
  we have 17m people and only ordered 37 f-35 's . 
  where did you get the 5-10 planes ? 
  i think the ef will be dropped because of its limited weapon arsenal . 
  i 'm putting my money on the f-35 or super hornet , considering the finns currently have the ability to strike deep within russia , and they probably want to keep that ability ( to make a possible war costly and dangerous ) that rules out the ef and gripen . 
   f-15 is probably the most illogical contender . 
  if you want a second engine and you already have hornet pilots , go buy the advanced super hornet . 
  this one probably gets cut in an early round . 
  the rafale and ef also have a second engine . 
  french tanks have 6 gears , 5 in reverse and 1 forward . 
  lies , everyone knows god is a dj . 
  how ya ' doin ' ? 
  could n't they have picked a more charming picture of me ? 
  like me [ last summer ] ( http://amiloszportraits.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/vladimir-putin-riding-a-bear-real-putin-riding-a-bear.jpg ) in siberia , or [ me on my ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/dc/d0/5e/dcd05eb79a41275fbe675b914f55f1a2.jpg ) last state visit to the us ? 
  nah , in the us it 's because of the overarching habit of asking everyone how they 're doing from the moment they 're within hearing range . 
   if you 're not going to read my link why should i bother to read your childish insults ? 
   it would have helped if you had read the links you provided so you would n't have made false claims on it . 
  it 's a waste of time for me to respond to it without you knowing anything about it . 
   indeed we are , which is black and white because the president fled his office . 
  that 's black and white , and fleeing the office is not a legal basis for the pre-term suspension of presidential powers as i earlier quoted . 
  therefor once again since you do n't learn all too quickly , his removal was illegal as it should have been done by the procedure of impeachment . 
  they do . 
  when deals have served their purpose , they 've had their time , and it 's time for a new one . 
   we do , they were yanukovych 's secret police , whom he had ordered to kill his own citizens . 
   that 's not what your links says . 
  a liar too are you ? 
   you 've literally no idea what you are talking about . 
  when a president abandons his office , he abandons his office . 
  at this point through his own actions he is no longer able to carry out his duties and is no longer in office . 
  ukraine has a constitution , it does n't have you . 
   that , like your opinion on his legal removal , are irrelevant , because he fled his office . 
  we 're not talking about opinions here kid , we 're talking about legality . 
  ` how to radicalize and/or estrange people from a specific background in 10 steps , a book by us homeland security , co-authored by donald trump . ', 
   we do , there were n't . 
  he tried to pass draconian anti-protest laws when people were protesting against him , and then when his own courts struck them down he told his secret police to kill his own citizens . 
  then he fled office . 
  we do n't . 
  shooting started by agent provocateurs , it is unknown who they were . 
  things ran out of hand from that point . 
   which is irrelevant , because before he was legally removed he fled his office . 
  fleeing his office is not a legal base of terminating his presidential powers . 
  therefor , i repeat again getting tired of this , his removal was illegal . 
   he fled to moscow after ordering his secret police to kill his own citizens . 
  we do n't know that . 
  there where provokers , but it is never proven that they where government forces , and is in fact highly unlikely . 
  wether they were american , european , russian or opposition people , we 'll probably never know . 
   he fled his office . 
  which is irrelevant to the fact him being illegally removed from his office . 
   article 108 [ edit ] the president of ukraine exercises his or her powers until the assumption of office by the newly-elected president of ukraine . 
   the powers of the president of ukraine terminate prior to the expiration of term in cases of : * resignation ; * inability to exercise his or her powers for reasons of health ; * removal from office by the procedure of impeachment ; * death . 
  it required the procedure of impeachment , which the ukrainian government did n't follow . 
  therefor his removal was illegal . 
  your opinion regarding the illegalilty of his removal is irrelevant . 
  i 've no idea , but [ merry christmas ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mw2johyk0jq ) !, 
  no it ca n't , because you wo n't have a common market . 
  having 28 different regulations and laws is not a common market . 
  his official removal was illegal , end of discussion . 
  frysk , it 's a different language hence it 's probably hard for you to understand if your dutch . 
  '11 city tour ' . 
  it 's a [ route through ] ( http://www.deelfstedentocht.nl/images/friesland.jpg ) the most beautiful province of the netherlands , frysl\u00e2n . 
  which includes 11 city 's ( hence 11 city 's tour ) a lot of people use this exact route for a variety of activities . 
  a motorcycle 11 stedentocht with a motorclub , a cycle 11 stedentocht for cyclers etc. 
  however there is one very special one , that is when things freeze over a lot ( and they will need to freeze over a lot ) then we will do this route on ice skates over the ice . 
  that 's an 11 stedentocht . 
  the last one was in 1997 , but if it would ever happen again , it will be world news and you 'll know of it . 
  in 1997 2.000.000 people came to friesland for the 11 stedentocht , a province with only 650.000 citizens . 
  but because tens of thousands of people will pariticipate , skating in large groups , selling food and drinks along the routes etc.
