  -10 for leeuwarden instead of ljouwert . 
  well it was once considered to claim all the zuiderzee , in that case it would have been a dike . 
  to compensate for that , the germans call the border region ` ostfriesland ' [ 1 ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/oost-friesland#/media/file:ostfriesland_karte.jpg ), 
  to libya of course . 
   again , to where ? 
   where they come from . 
   and if he doesnt ? 
  then he 's going back . 
   in rural areas , having municipal landfills ( which was a mandatory requirement from the eu ) is an improvement over having no garbage collection at all . 
  just because it 's an improvement to what it use to be does n't mean you 're done improving . 
  it could always be done better . 
   previously , each village had a few places at the outskirts of the village where they dumped the refuse without any supervision or checkup . 
  or worse , in some places people just threw them in the river . 
  we use to do the same , not all that long ago . 
  not in the rivers but on garbage hills . 
  not just plastic , but batteries , refridgerators , chemicals , airconditionings etc. 
  this was not so good , right now , this area just outside the city i live in has been covered with thick layers of water repellant cloaks and filled up with layers of ground , now planted with trees , rivers , waterfalls , hiking routes and some large animals ( scottish highlanders etc. ), 
  the municipality still has to check the ground water and surroundings every month or so to see it does n't leak , people really screwed up there . 
  in military tents with a fence and soldiers around it . 
  they do n't have to be there for 10 years , a few weeks/months is sufficient to figure out who 's who and put most of them on a plane or in an asylumshelter . 
  technically you 're right yes . 
  i could think of a way or two for vigilantism . 
  do n't they remove hands for theft in saudi arabia ? 
  we could remove some other body parts for rape ? 
  he just went to the bathroom and still had his zipper open , because of the stench he opened a window , a sudden gust of wind blew her skirt up while he was washing his hands , distracted by this unexpected view he turned towards her and dropped the soap bar , stepped on it and he slipped , fell over the woman while accidently penetrating her . 
  these kind of accidents happen all the time . 
  so ... now you want a candy ? 
  then you guys should change that . 
  in the netherlands it 's collected , put in silo 's , while it is digested it creates warmth , water , bio-gas and co2 , the warmth is transported to greenhouses , as is the co2 , the bio-gas is used to power electricity plants , and busses/trucks/cars , the water is used to clean the streets , and the remnants are used as compost . 
  no , if he does n't apply for asylum he can be deported . 
  if he 's from libya and is in danger he can apply for asylum . 
  would you mind if i would rather not have visa liberalisation with kosovo ? 
  too bad for you , but maybe you should divert your effort towards your government , creating something else than a mob run criminal state . 
  that can already be done . 
  there 's some odd bubbleshaped thing at the bottom that should n't be there , it could n't be , because that 's about where russia is . 
  not if you include water . 
  technically friesland is the biggest province with the waddenzee and all that . 
  but much of it seems to have vanished on this map . 
  definitely we did , it also took friesland with it , and it moved snits all the way to de lemmer , all the while recovering a lot of land in the ijsselmeer to holland that suddenly seems to have grown massively . 
  we do n't have to gues where he comes from . 
  or vulgaria . 
  but food waste is already used currently . 
  for example for creating bio-gas , compost , warmth , water and co2 . 
   but the reality is that the german people will simply not sign up to such a large open-ended commitment . 
  then the eurozone in its current form will eventually cease to exist . 
  perhaps when that time comes we should move to a g ( ermanic ) euro zone with the benelux , germany and austria . 
  we would not need all these fancy instutions that way , and if we did chose to , we 're all more or less the same . 
   we ( meaning the sovereign ) were never asked . 
  of course , because we would not have voted for the euro as it where . 
   the euro was forced on us by mitterand 's blackmail and kohl 's surrender , the latter himself admitting to having `` acted like a dictator '' over that issue . 
  there are some who say the euro was a demand made by france for the reunification of germany . 
  the french supposedly feared a unified germany reaspiring for power , so they sowed themselves into a straightjacket with germany . 
   we 'd still have the d-mark today as there was no way the euro would have gotten a democratic majority . 
  agreed , and you dragged us into it . 
  i sometimes wonder what things would be like if we had still had the gulden , i think a lot better than they are now . 
   it 's `` fun '' to think about because ultimately that 's what we must do to have a coherent europe . 
  but unrealistic because no one wants that at this point . 
  outside or within the ez . 
  which is the primary reason the british did n't like the euro . 
  the british government has been saying this since the 1970s . 
  if we had created a banking union and fiscal union , the uk might have been using the euro by now . 
  but of course it 's ` those filthy british ruining it for everyone ' at this stage . 
  europe has been polarized to the bone , and that is a damn shame . 
   if anything the ez needed to be more integrated and have a slower expansion . 
  what brought us here was that we traded the proper support mechanisms required for an ez to be successful , for quick expansion . 
  and too quick adoption . 
  we should have had a banking union and fiscal union before a monetary union , or at the very least at the same time . 
  the only way the current euro-system would have worked was if it had only included the benelux , germany and austria . 
  the rest of the countries can not remain a member without these insitutions in place . 
   the last thing we want is a higher probability of crisis , and even more confusion in a dysfunctional eurogroup while bickering about them . 
  the ez needs a serious foundational fix before we add up to it . 
  the crises the eurozone has been through are all caused by the lack of the required institutions . 
  i fear the next crisis , which will surely come at one point , will be the end of the euro if we do not make significant progress by then . 
   we had to put trillions into reunification , then billions into a bailout process that was supposed to be impossible and unlawful given existing treaties and now we 're asked to become europe 's piggy bank ? 
  you should have considered that before you adopted the euro . 
  a monetary union without a fiscal - and banking union never made any sense . 
  but you signed up for it . 
  in fact without a banking union we do not even really have a monetary union . 
  if a euro in cyprus is different than a euro in germany , what we essentially have is a mutually accepted legal tender with a fixed exchange rate . 
  if we had a banking union from the start the liabilities would now not be so divergent considering we would have had a central authority , common oversight and rules . 
  the question is can we wait for individual memberstates to reduce liabilities on their own to an acceptible level for a banking union , without the euro collapsing ? 
  i mean another stab at the financial industry in italy , and they 're dropping the euro most likely . 
  he is against it because russia has said it . 
  some people can become a bit simple in their hatred . 
   just because some members are not in the ez does n't mean they 'd be happy being downgraded to an eea . 
   i never said they should be happy . 
  but i 'm not happy with a europe-a-la carte where everyone just does what directly benefits them . 
  i will vote out of the eu if we continue on this path . 
  any country that does not have the euro , can still adopt it . 
  so if poland is not happy with becoming an eea member , it should speed up their adoption of the euro . 
  poland , hungary , bulgaria , romania , croatia , czech republic , they should all be able to adopt the euro in + / - 5 years if they want . 
  then denmark and sweden can reconsider their position , technically sweden must adopt the euro , it can be given an ultimatum to do so , or otherwise be downgraded to an eea member , denmark can hold a referendum . 
   but i 'm more in the mind of helping them they do n't want to be helped . 
  stop treating them like children , they 're grown men that illegally got into france , they care fuck of all for all of you , commit crimes , harass europeans , litter , and what more . 
  they need to go one way or the other . 
  offering them the opportunity to apply for asylum in france is more than enough help . 
   but sending them back is n't morally right of course it 's morally right . 
   and both solution require a substantial amount of money . 
  that does n't matter , the state has duties , upholding the law is one of them . 
   the number is also too overwhelming that we can just walk in and arrest everyone .
