  straw man arguments are also not the best way to go about a discourse . 
   we ignored the problem until it was on our doorstep and then we panicked when we could n't ignore it anymore . 
  so did everybody except the countries that recieved them , but that 's done , now the situation is different , and will require a different approach . 
  i was possibly brigaded too by some turks a day or two back , i 'm curious if the mods have noticed anything . 
  what kind of ridiculous thinking is that ? 
  now you 're just being mean , she 's as real as russell 's teapot . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://www.knmi.nl/kennis-en-datacentrum/achtergrond/zeespiegelveranderingen-in-de-toekomst ) in other words , according to the 2006 prognoses of the knmi ( royal netherlands meteorological insitute ) the sea level at the dutch coast in 2100 will have risen anywhere between 35-85cm compared to 1990 . 
  so not 1 cm every year , quite a bit less . 
   if you consider that ocean level will rise 2-3m to the end of this century no it wo n't , it will be around 70cm-100cm this century . 
   to the end of this century future of netherland looks very grim . 
  the past centuries the sea has constantly risen , yet the netherlands has only grown ever larger . 
  we 'll manage . 
  i like her . 
  any chance we could borrow her some day ? 
   i 'm kinda hoping we 'll get flooded soon . 
  excuse me ? 
  oh right , you where that person that hated the dutch . 
   water is supposed to go under the bridge , or trains , [ right ? 
  i 'm not going to watch that video , what a terrible presenter . 
  he 's actually amused that one of the panels was damaged ( laughing ) he clearly has something against it , and then starts of with skewered statistics . 
  i 'll wait for a real research after a full year . 
  however , 68 % of the people oppose more refugees in the netherlands . 
  it 's easy to conflate this statistic meaning `` they support everything related to refugees , bring in the trucks and planes fly them in '' , but it does n't mean that . 
  it does n't have to be like that . 
  a protestant church society in the netherlands started blessing same sex marriages in 1986 , being the first church in the world to do so . 
  this was years before our state even adopted gay marriage . 
  of course i do n't , some people just think i 'm russian because i say different things than `` dae putler , invade invade , fascist nazi kremlin evil imperialist nova soviet reunion '' . 
  in mother russia , flair changes you . 
  * rubs hands with evil smile . 
   when old jobs go away people will create new jobs . 
  we 're not living in the '70s anymore , these jobs will be exported too , refugees are also not fit for these jobs . 
   or else we would be all unemployed since the industrial revolution . 
  we work a lot less than they did during the industrial revolution . 
  the netherlands has 135.470 km of roads . 
  imagine if all of that was made of solar panels . 
  it would take no additional room , constructing it would barely require anymore material/energy than a regular road , it could be phased in ( any new road or during maintenance/reparation will be replaced ) and would produce a lot of energy . 
  am i missing something ? 
  that 's not made by humans . 
  i would rather see serbia become a member than ukraine though . 
  serbia is a lot more developed and less corrupt than ukraine , it 's also better located and smaller ( thus easier to develop ) . 
  these sanctions will be lifted soon anyway , with germany and north stream 2 , eastern europe 's lack of solidarity , the italians are already losing their patience . 
  we 'll see some attacks and deaths in europe the coming years , but isis is mostly words and no actions , they 're not all that powerful as they make themselves out to be . 
  automation will decrease their chances at work and integration even more . 
   the silent majority would indeed stay silent the silent majority is against more refugees . 
  66 % of the dutch do n't want more refugees . 
  even build from [ solar panels . 
   or add land to increase the height the problem is more or less that many land is currently falling/caving in . 
  adding land wo n't help a lot , it 's better to maintain/improve the dikes and in the future use former poldered land as basins for the rivers . 
   in case the inevitable flood happens ? 
  i would n't worry about that too much , the current waterworks should last for at least another 100-150 years , and by that time a lot will have been done . 
  she was the one that pushed for ` renegotiation ' of contracts signed between bulgaria and russia , which ultimately led to russia blowing the project of . 
  after she managed to stop south stream , she quickly ran to putin for north stream 2 . 
  as a result germany will now be stealing the transit fees from the balkans , which i believe will be more in need of that money , when they 'll be constructing the new infrastructure meant to supply the same countries . 
  i gues all hope lies with bulgaria now , if they can construct a new south stream , i 'm sure the others will prefer bulgaria as distributor instead of thiefs , rendering north stream 2 rather worthless , but i doubt bulgaria has the weight to achieve that , nor does russia have the stomach to be constructing an overcapacity of infrastructure for squabbles and money grubbing between european countries . 
  money grubbing from fucking bulgaria of all places . 
  because north stream 2 gives germany leverage over ( south ) eastern and central europe . 
  after she helped take it down . 
   that the `` leader of the free world '' aha ... ahaha ... . ahahahahaah . 
   we could make any further conflict extremely damaging for russia by arming ukraine . 
  no we ca n't . 
   i just do n't see the sanctions as doing anything meaningful , they 're harming rich people , rich people rule a country . 
  therefor they create instability for putins position . 
   we should have helped ukraine over a year ago with weapons directly . 
  absolutely not , that would have been the dumbest thing to do . 
  it would have been a casus belli , and kiev would have fallen in weeks , leaving much of ukraine under occupation or anarchy . 
   to recognise crimea as being russian and letting the east become independent and autonomous . 
  i do n't think letting the east become indepenent and autonomous is a good idea . 
  that would be a second kosovo , a mob state riddled by organized crime . 
  letting it become autonomous under ukraine would be one of russia 's preferable end-games , but not kiev . 
  it would destabilize ukraine as a whole . 
   we could enforce a ceasefire in ukraine militarily europe does not have the military power to threaten russia , we can start it , but we ca n't scale up . 
  they 're stronger than us in this regard . 
   but we have to accept that ukraine former is never going to be a country again and what they 've lost up to this point is gone forever . 
  that 's fine , but we can ` exchange ' crimea ( accepting its russian ) for the donbass , or otherwise find a solution ( referendum or anything ) in any case there will have to be something in it for russia ( recognize crimea lift sanctions for example ) for ukraine ( peace and self-determination ) and europe ( ease tensions , and improve relations with russia ) we 're not going to achieve any of this by being an arselicker . 
  worst i have seen ? 
  some people really fucked up there . 
  russia only respects power politics , if you want to solve the crisis in ukraine to ukraine 's and eu 's advantage you 'll have to keep the pressure high and increasing . 
  we can avoid a ` new cold war ' yes , we can de-escalate yes , but that means we will exchange the long term stability and prosperity of ukraine for short term stability and prosperity of europe . 
  ukraine is not a small country like moldova that can be left behind with an eternal conflict and result in a failed state , to leave a country like ukraine in that situation could be costly . 
   like it or not , the energy security of central and western europe over the next decades is more important to german politicians than a piece of land in far eastern europe . 
  how is that still a surprise to anyone ? 
  welcome to realpolitik . 
   italy stepping out of line and removing sanctions is realpolitik too . 
  just remember that , and what kind of effect that will ( once again ) have on solidarity/cohesion between memberstates . 
   how dare the european union offer its citizens a better and safer life than the ukrainian government ?!, 
  is life better in ukraine now ? 
  i wonder what happened to that offer then . 
  what 's wrong with finland ? 
  yea i gues , and then some dare excuse me of not reading . 
  if we can pry the french lose , i might be tempted to support such a charitable idea . 
  diplomats are on a holiday , it 's probably rightful russian clay . 
  i was as surprised as you are . 
  i think it 's time to speed-up the membership negotiations with turkey . 
  i do n't know what else to say , that was the last stanza . 
  do you like the beattles ? 
   flew in from miami beach , boac did n't get to bed last night on the way the paper bag was on my knee man , i had a dreadful flight  i 'm back in the ussr you do n't know how lucky you are , boy back in the ussr  been away so long i hardly knew the place gee , it 's good to be back home leave it till tomorrow to unpack my case honey , disconnect the phone  i 'm back in the ussr you do n't know how lucky you are , boy back in the us , back in the us back in the ussr  well the ukraine girls really knock me out they leave the west behind and moscow girls make me sing and shout that georgia 's always on m-m-my mind oh , come on, 
   well , did you not say income past a certain point must be illegal ? 
  no , i did n't . 
   do you understand the ramifications of this ? 
  also , communists advocate for mass murder for political reasons , not me .
