  they are definitely restricting , that 's why they work after all . 
  and the leniency to ` break them when it seems logical to do so ' differs per country in europe . 
   maybe the point was to show how outsiders think of it ? 
  seems silly to me ( the pov , not the post ) . 
  and yes it means there is no complete `` freedom '' that would pretty much just be anarchy . 
  it was not my intention to give a value judgement , just showing the point of view . 
  and wether that is silly or not , is mostly because you where born somewhere , got use to it , and do n't know any better . 
  ( not meant as personal attack or anything , the other way around its the same , they do n't know any better either )  and yes it means there is no complete `` freedom '' that would pretty much just be anarchy . 
  absolutely , but the bottom line of my post is that there are different forms of freedom . 
   when all of macedonia 's border would be arranged too , and so bosnia and herzegovina 's , montenegro 's and croatia 's , maybe bulgaria 's and greece 's as well . 
  sounds pretty far fetched and grasping at straws . 
  bosnia 's border could be reshaped by adding the serb part to serbia . 
  bulgaria is n't going anywhere ( they do n't want pieces of macedonia either anymore ) and neither is greece . 
  croatia might have a few communities in bosnia , they could be added to croatia as long as they 're alligned with the border area and allow a decent border to be drawn . 
  i 've never heard anyone mock belgium about their housing plans , but perhaps i live too far away from the belgian border to hear that . 
  though it might be that we 're mixing up two things here , i have heard that belgium has some odd shaped city 's ( long stretched along roads ) because of the lack of ` ruimtelijke ordening ' . 
  however ` ruimtelijke ordening ' is the somewhat bigger picture , when it is determined that parcel x will be building ground for private housing ( which is part of the ` ruimtelijke ordening ' ) , anyone planning on building on that ground after buying it will need to have its ` design ' approved by a ` welstandscommissie ' . 
  that commission will see wether the design/size of your house will fit in with the rest of the street/block . 
   the point you made is valid , but i 'm afraid that the freedoms they have in that sense come at dangerous prices too : especially with the rapidly growing population , which is something , by the way , i feel that we have no obligation to compensate for . 
  unfortunately many people seem to say so here . 
   sure i 'm not saying either is better than the other , they both come with up - and downsides . 
  i think though we can learn from both sides , and sort of a middle way is preferable . 
   furthermore , the traffic in africa was insanely chaotic and the amount of people coming in the hospital with gruesome traffic accident wounds was often more than the hospital could bear ( and we were in the least urbanized area ! ), 
  absolutely , there 's much more traffic deaths/injuries in africa than western-europe . 
  however i 've been to for example albania , and that traffic is freakin ' madness too . 
  no rules , no one goes first unless you hit the throttle . 
  and eventually i ended up stuck ( they have the issue of people stealing the , enormously oversized , sewer lids , leaving large gaping holes in the road ) these roads also being more hilly than the belgian ardennes and made of the same material as construction sites . 
   i suppose it 's just two sides of a coin , but in my opinion the freedoms you describe only work when your population/population density is not too large . 
  while it indeed is preferable to have a lower population density in a system with more freedom , many parts of africa are pretty densily populated . 
   ` the ability to say , think and express what you want ' . 
  eventhough we do not have that freedom in europe  what exactly do you mean ? 
  i have a vague idea of what you mean but i 'm not sure . 
  what part do you mean , the definition of freedom in the west , or europe not ( completely ) having that ? 
  of course it would have to be an agreement and relyon cooperation between serbia and kosovo . 
   i was being sarcastic , people tend to think that eu will solve all our problems with one strike of a magic stick and it wo n't . 
   instead it will likely bring additional problems . 
  the eu itself is corrupt , at best it will be replace the people who are corrupt , at worst you 'll become even more corrupt , and/or just change the form/size of corruption . 
  how 's that ? 
  had to google the places , but it seems quite reasonable . 
  you should be able to draw a good border around these regions , while returning northern kosovo to serbia . 
  the land exchanged seems fair between the two of you . 
  i would be fine with giving the serb part of bosnia and kosovo to serbia , i would even support it . 
  in any case kosovo as an independent country is untenable . 
  and i do n't think many serbs want to change that . 
  just give it to albania and be done with it . 
  americans , always the best , even at being russian . 
   the whole point of the laws is to provide stability and punish those who step out of line . 
  stability brings prosperity . 
  by making everyone behave the same and punish those that do n't , yes , it means there 's very little freedom . 
  i never said there was no point to control people 's lives so strictly , just what the consequence is , and how other people on the outside feel about that . 
  [ always ] ( http://www.gelderlander.nl/polopoly_fs/1.2244043.1350609288!image/image-2244043.jpg ) the same ... 
   lower class people are the ones i was talking about . 
  in that case i agree with you , unfortunately those are also the people most religious , that fail to integrate , have very few prospects in europe , end up in ` banlieus ' or as ` probleem marokkanen ' and eventually , albeit very few of them , start shooting or bombing people . 
   the assistants and doctors i worked with would like to visit europe , but did n't want to go live there because it 's cold and stressful . 
  i met a lot of people in africa that thought exactly the same , they like europe , often they 've visited it ( which already shows they 're not the poor class ) follow all the news because they still feel very connected to europe ( i was in africa during the paris bombings last month , and it was the subject of the day ) enjoy our soccer etc. 
  but they do n't want to live here . 
   no freedoms what did you mean with this ? 
  people in the west , arguably mistakenly , believe freedom means ` the ability to say , think and express what you want ' . 
  eventhough we do not have that freedom in europe , that 's more or less considered either a luxury or unnecessary outside europe/west . 
  freedom for them means being able to park their car without having to find a ticket under your windscreen wiper , or being able to build a house , without asking a welfare committee to give permission , being able to drive a car without having to pay a fine for 2km/h exceeding the speed limit . 
  and all that sort of small things in life that are extremely present in europe . 
  in this sense , most of africa is significantly more free than europe . 
  it 's pretty useless that the eu has produced 3 fighter planes , none of them very capable , and none of them build in sufficient numbers to provide autonomous development . 
  europe 's figherjet industry is becoming more and more reliant on state funds , which are ever decreasing . 
  we risk losing the ability to build fighter planes alltogether in the future . 
   to be honest it looks a bit fat to me , they tried to do too much in one plane i do n't think so , it looks fat because it carries its payload inside . 
  this has the advantage of being more stealthy , and more aerodynamic when armed . 
   future-generations-be-damned '' that seems to be the exact thought behind merkels policies . 
  probably her lack of children never teached her to look after our future . 
  democracy in europe , 508 b.c. 
  - 1 november 1993 , rest in peace . 
  most ( middle and upper class ) people in peaceful african countries do n't want to move europe . 
  what you 're saying is not true from what i 've experienced in africa , while they do like europe , they do not want to live there . 
  ( too stressful , strict , no freedoms etc. ), 
   people wanted that if asked often enough that 's irish democracy , dutch and french democracy just settled for ` if they do n't want it , we just wo n't ask them again ' . 
  why not ? 
  i only see advantages , we 'll be freed ( om ) ^ r and see the f-22 fly in our skies too instead of these outdated soapboxes . 
   eurofighters currently , are highly limited in the roles they can be used for . 
  they 're working on adding in more weapon capabilities , but for now they 're mostly interceptors . 
  after all the weapon coding and testing is done , they 're be more capable multiroles though by the time they 're finally fully operational they 'll be replaced probably . 
  if only they managed to make one together , perhaps europe would have had a decent indigenous plane . 
  extraterrestrial in origin you mean , that 's starscream . 
  israel and kazakhstan ? 
  if we 're going for a country like turkey , why not do saudi arabia and iran next . 
  it certainly bears a lot of resemblance to the f-22 . 
   it 's not like anybody forced them to take out that debt but they did create the circumstances in which that could happen . 
  and where complacent with fraud . 
  the european union does not have a constitution , people did n't want that . 
  that 's very good of you . 
  should you ever find yourself in international waters though , there 's no point doing that . 
  just so you know . 
  absolutely , the f-22 looks much more modern . 
  the f-35 is also a very beautiful plane , both make the ef/rafale look outdated and from another era . 
  i like the contrast between the f-22 and ef/rafale , ` stone age , meet 21st century ' . 
  i know i know , of course most will vote for me . 
  i have an 89 % approval rating among russians after all . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-10-22/putin-gains-record-support-among-russians-over-syria-poll-shows ), 
  they must have mixed you up , belgium is always just below the netherlands , 
   netherlands : 0.922  germany : 0.916 where 's belgium ? 
  germany should n't be there .
