  the only animal i can think of that sounds a bit like ` vuur ' ( fire ) is a [ ` fuut ' . 
  ] ( http://www.ikziezevliegen.com/fotos/groot/fuut/fuut_img_8455.jpg ) not exactly a dangerous animal . 
  bear = beer , tiger = tijger . 
  in that case we 'll ask germany to carve a path through belgium and avoid the tax . 
  the map in the wikipedia page you sent does n't show sardinia , only corsica . 
   through his hysterical statement , the azerbaijani official once again conformed the commonly-know fact that azerbaijan is the provoker and initiator of the situation escalation . 
  did sardinia sink ? 
   we should use the benelux more . 
  military at the very least indeed , we 're not going to attack each other and a threat for any of us is a threat for the others too . 
  i would like to see that , but there are some issues with that still . 
   at least for the military it 's a moot point , interaction with nato requires english to be the operational language . 
  it isn ; t which is why belgium and the netherlands only have far reaching cooperation with the navy under the admiralty benelux , as the belgian navy is mostly flamish , and we do not cooperate with our land forces as we do with germany , the belgian land forces are predominantly french . 
  they did n't have a lot of nuclear weapons in the 1950s , especially not launched by missiles or planes . 
  a lot of the nuclear weapons where close range , mlrs mounted nukes for example . 
  i 'm pretty sure as the arsenal rapidly expanded during the '60s and '70s some targets started popping up in these countries . 
  another answer to that would be who says they have n't visited already ? 
  also because the universe expands , you will never be able to reach certain parts unless you can exceed the speed of light ( or warp space ) at a certain distance space expands faster than you can travel . 
  this also means you ca n't see these parts . 
  revenge . 
  the bombing of dresden served no military purpose . 
  it 's better that the netherlands annexes germany , flanders and austria , instead of the other way around . 
  flanders becomes independent , wallonia and luxemburg go to france , flanders merges with the netherlands and becomes one of the new states , bavaria and austria merge and become the second , the remnants of germany become the third state in the ` kingdom of the netherlands ' . 
  and you shall all heave your pints to king willem alexander and dress orange . 
  we already have the benelux union . 
  but it would be nice to see it having more central powers like military and foreign policy , but also policy in the eu . 
  but this is not very practical with the french speakers in belgium , we do n't want to join that language conflict . 
  but if flanders should ever become independent , it would be a good idea . 
   realistically if anything like this were to happen tho france would be part . 
  then count us out . 
  the northern netherlands managed to gain independence sooner than the southern netherlands . 
  the religious fighting which led to the protestant church taking over the northern netherlands , and the catholics staying firm in the occupied south reinforced that separation . 
  this left a deep mark in the ` whole netherlands ' . 
  eventhough this border is not along the netherlands and belgium , it 's inside the netherlands . 
  that burn ... that 's going to hurt . 
  they did not conquer all of belgium , but they made it to the other side , 
  :p ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xr6d__xgfha ), 
  germany did not try this , they just steamrolled through belgium twice because they wanted to reach the other side . 
  a few years back when belgium was struggling to form a government ( 2011 ? ), 
  the netherlands was talking about this , then around 70 % of the dutch supported a unification . 
  some professor from belgium proposed flanders becoming a state within the kingdom of the netherlands ( like aruba , curacao , and sint maarten ) . 
  this would essentially change little for flanders , you 'll still have your own government as you do now , but military and foreign affairs and all that is central . 
  oh , and willem alexander , ` prins pils ' , will be your head of state . 
   however a unitary state would have my preference over this construction . 
  do you have any similar numbers for flanders ? 
  my experience is that the flamish like the dutch less than the dutch like the flamish . 
  this is a question that is purely for the belgians to answer . 
  it is possible that the country will break up at some point , and then it will be up to them to decide what happens next . 
  it might also endure , as another option , some separatist parties ( including in the netherlands ) preach for a ` europe of regions ' , where the central state will eventually be dissolved and replaced by brussels . 
  and that regions themselves become the substate below brussels , based on linguistic , historical or cultural borders . 
  yes , i 'll give you a pie to carve up instead . 
  jea about that , i do n't think flanders wants to join the netherlands . 
  the dutch generally support the idea , the flamish less so . 
  can we not let outsiders carve up countries and give the land away ? 
  thanks for the laugh . 
  i 'm not sure about that , since ( some ) service will be done domestically here . 
  airbase woensdrecht will be the third engine maintenance facility of europe for example , possibly even maintaining us f-35 's stationed in europe , but also italian and other european fleets . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  saab offered us 85 gripen ng 's for 4,8 billion euro . 
  we are currently looking at buying 37 f-35 's for 4,5 billion euro ( and 800 million initial investment being a second tier partner in the jsf program ) so that would mean the gripen ng was over twice as cheap . 
  though this was in 2008 , inflation not accounted , but it 's still roughly half the price . 
  ( and the gripen ng might not have been a bad choice for us ) though maybe it will be procured anyway to operate alongside the f-35 , there have been talks of introducing a second fighter ( and the f-35 is not really fit for qra tasks , which it will be primarily performing , and we will only have 4 available for international missions , kind of a huge waste of state funds this programs is to us ), 
  if that 's true , the gripen will be out after the first round . 
  sure all of the planes can do their thing . 
  it 's just that europe has n't yet been able to produce an advanced jet that could compete with the top of the market , while it could do so if it would create a common jet . 
  ( what ; s the point of having the rafale , ef , and gripen compete with each other here ? ), 
  and it does not have the scale either to produce a really affordable plane . 
  i mean the gripen is still expensive for what it is , similar russian planes cost half of it . 
  if all countries would bundle their resources , a ` eurofighter 2 ' might be able to compete with the russian and american flagships , and build on a scale to allow decent prices ( and exports as a result of that ) it would also improve interoperability and cooperation of european armed forces , and no longer a dependency on foreign suppliers/tech . 
   okay , i did n't realise the jassms would n't be fittable to other jets . 
  i 'm not sure about all , the f-16 , f-15e - , f-18 and f-35 can . 
  the eurofighter currently does not have this ability at all ( they 're currently testing with the storm shadow , the european equivelant of the jassm so it probably will in the future ) the rafale and gripen can both carry the stormshadow and future meteor missiles , but seeing as finland already procured the jassm just a few years ago ( for about 200 million euro , it 's not a bargain ) that will probably be an issue . 
  it does n't really matter either of these weapons do more or less the same , but if you have already bought one ...  in fact i think i think a saab representative said somewhere that they could be fitted , i think they 'll need permission for that . 
  ( and other than the finns there 's no reason the gripen needs it , considering it can carry the stormshadow and future meteor missile )  but of course one does n't know would the jassms themselves be available to us in that scenario . . finland already has them . 
  then again i gues finland can sell it 's current f-18 's including weapon systems . 
  i really do n't know , but i expect it will be the f-35 , it 's probably the most capable plane in the equation . 
  when you compare it to the f-35 however , it 's as if even the romans might have flown the gripen . 
  i remember seeing a pricelist of all the fighterjets floating around on here a few days back . 
  it put the gripen at 50m a piece , as opposed to the ef , rafale and f-35 all at 100 + m. 
   i wanted to say that prices ( especially of some particular goods ) can change even without inflation . 
  that would be called deflation . 
  inflation is the rise of price levels as compared to a previous period . 
  inflation does not cause price level changes * it is * price level changes . 
  deflation is the opposit ( declining price levels ) . 
   finally , it depends on which method you use to measure the inflation . 
  there are standardized methods for that , with a bucket of certain goods/services . 
  they are , but you do n't need your jets deep into russia to strike deep into russia , that 's kind of the point . 
  all the other jets can carry bombs , they ca n't all carry the jassm . 
  rafale has the same capability , but the french build their own air launched cruise missiles , and the finnish just bought the jassm 's 3 years ago . 
  if we move a bit south too and not only west we may not need your campings . 
  someone from finland commented the budget is between 5-10 billion , we bought 37 f-35 's for 4,5 billion euro , so i gues they could do 40-50 f-35 's . 
  i would prefer a system comparable to the dutch first chamber . 
  where regional representatives elect the members of the senate . 
  in other words the lower house will be elected by the national governments . 
  this way national governments do not directly interfere with central decision making , but are able to boot people they really do n't like , therefor they are indirectly involved . 
  of course this is all about eu competencies , not shared or national competencies . 
   either way , any constitutional change would still require sign off by member states , so not much would change in that regard . 
  the eu does n't have a constitution . 
  access to the market will remain possible , but without a common market you will lose investments , have higher prices for products/services , and overall end up being a less interesting market . 
  as long as the very strong ties between national government and central decisionmaking are not severed ( by handing legislative initiative to the ep for a starter - and further diminishing the role of the council ) europe will be governed by national politics , and as such remain divided and paralyzed . 
  it would be great if that would be possible , i would opt that we set sail too in that case .
