  i 'll help you hope , it would be nice to see things improve . 
  bonaire , saba and st. eustatius are currently ( special ) municipalities , however they 're not part of any province , so they ca n't vote on any provincial parliament like is custom , and thus their representatives ca n't vote for the members of the senate . 
  personally i think it could be a good idea to turn all the islands into a municipality like bonaire , saba and st eustatius , and then create a new province as the 13th province of the netherlands . 
  then you guys can vote on your own municipal parliament which will represent the particular island you live on , all 6 islands will vote for the provincial state of the caribbean , which will represent the interests of all caribbean islands in the netherlands , and you guys can all vote for our parliament . 
  i think it would really help in rooting out corruption , but also increase cohesion within the kingdom , and decrease bureaucracy . 
  economically it would also be better if you all have access to our systems i think . 
  good for you , both words seem perfectly understandible for all who can read english . 
  it can decrease public spending . 
   the netherlands ( couple of cities now ) 900 euro a person 1450 for a family ( they keep this income even if they find a job ) that one is rather fake , and will no5 provide any interesting information for the basic income idea as a whole . 
  they 're planning on giving currently ( long ) unemployed a welfare without the usual rules ( sollicit every week , voluntary work etc. ), 
  most of the people do n't worry about it . 
  and geert wilders is not one of our finest politicians , he should n't be taken too serious he 's just collecting votes because other politicians refuse to stop/decrease third world/muslim immigraiton to the netherlands which is what many people want . 
  the thing is , every time our state uses it influence over some of the caribbean states they 're blamed of ` colonialism ' or such . 
  in my opinion , we should just create an additional province as the 13th province called the ` caribbean netherlands ' or something , all 6 island should become separate municipalities , and you guys should vote for our parliament ( tweede kamer ) , and for your own municipal council/provincial state . 
  i do n't think the current system really works , and the dutch are a frugal people , they do n't like squandering money and there are some corruption issues and financial mismanagement going on in the caribbean . 
  we do n't have a lot of say , and when we do we end up in a fight ( like with sint maarten ) , but we are responsible . 
  if things go wrong , the hague will be liable . 
  the other option would be complete independence . 
  i understand if some people want independence , and it 's always up to the people themselves there , but currently it 's kind of a ` the netherlands is responsible for all but should not say a thing ' . 
  of course you 're probably more aware of the situation there , i 've never been in the caribbean yet . 
  but people do like you guys , they 're just not happy with the way things are set up . 
  i 've no idea , but withholding european money from turkey seems like a good idea in and on itself , regardless of motivation . 
  it 's ridiculous they recieve it in the first place . 
  i was n't talking about the government . 
   not knowing this custom at all , fair enough . 
   it was obvious to me that black pete is there to make a mockery of black people there 's no harm in just keeping quiet on things you know nothing of . 
  it would in fact even be better . 
   i find it racist and insulting . 
  it does n't concern you however , so you can carry on with your chores or do something else useful . 
  so it 's * you * who nicked our snow . 
  some affirmative action in estonia , never knew estonians were so socially aware . 
   a far-left stone pitcher might be more accepted than a neo-nazi i rather have a neo-nazi marching peacefuly while being booed than a far-left stone pitcher . 
  they 're both the same evil , but one is more careful given its recent history in germany . 
  the other is more dangerous for justifiying its own violence . 
   this has more to do with fear of the far-right and naivete . 
  fear of what ? 
  you do n't fear a fracture of the eu ? 
  because that 's where this is dangerously heading towards . 
   and we still feel guilty . 
  i 'm sorry for that , wish it could be different . 
  i too have some friends from africa , indonesia , suriname , and the caribbean , i 've never heard anyone being bothered by it . 
  i suspect it 's indeed an attention issue . 
  unfortunately it works for international media who do n't know anything about it , eventhough every international journalist suddenly turned into an expert overnight , and as a result the gullible people all cry wolf . 
  there 's no point for antilleans to ` go home ' if they wish to avoid sinterklaas/zwarte piet , 'cause they 'll see [ this there ] ( http://noblekom.de/data/news/732/imgs/aruba_-_sinterklaas_und_seine_helfer.jpg ) . 
  but you 're right , they 're dutch citizens . 
  however it 's just a small vocal agitating group , most people ( including carribbean-dutch ) really do n't care . 
  and they probably want to keep it that way . 
  i think that 's what his point his . 
  why ca n't germany be a normal country ? 
  it always has to be the extreme , first extreme right , now extreme left . 
  the french together with the british invaded germany on the 7th of august , 3 days after the germans invaded belgium . 
  the belgians did n't hold the german army , it was fighting on multiple fronts . 
  germans liked their front porch so much , that even when they decided to invade it , they went around it through belgium . 
   they should have all the right to exercise their free speech free speech is not ruining it for others though . 
  they should be free to protest , they should be free to vent their opinion , they should not however ruine it for others by protesting during festivities , and harrassing people . 
  your rights stop where the rights of others begin . 
  oh no ... does it start already ? 
   ( holland do n't like us d  where did you get that ? 
  i know , i was n't calling for changing that , the person i responded to did . 
  ( or at least implied it ), 
  it 's not only science but also military technology and abilities . 
  anyway , if it 's for all of humanity , why bother moving it or complicating it . 
  it 's fine as it is , the countries paying for it get the jobs , research , investment and prestige , those that do n't can just watch . 
  as observed by an island dane . 
  if all countries have a spacebudget of relative equal size we can talk about that . 
  no reason you guys should get another free ride , we all know where all the other free rides ended up in , a big finger from the moment solidarity could be returned . 
  then they should 've declared their purchase at customs and paid vat due . 
  individual european countries have their own space budgets though . 
  more accurately a buffer zone . 
  it 's safer this way , nobody wants the french on their front porch . 
  well except the belgians , but sacrifices have to be made for the greater good . 
  wat sis do d\u00ear allejir ? 
  i meant for europe , not germany alone . 
  did n't read the opening post . 
  who was talking about germany alone ? 
  i would n't want to swap with post-ww1 belgium . 
  at least our farmers could still plow potato 's in 1940 , and not artilery shells like the belgians . 
  if we had invested more money in our armed forces , withdrawn more assets from the east indies and sided with the japanese or not join in the oil embargo against japan , and prepared for war instead of expecting neutrality , we might have held for 30 days . 
  but what 's the point , we would have shot our country to pieces and end up with the same result . 
  also it was n't the belgians that held anything , it was the british and french on belgian soil . 
  opposed to the belgians , we where on our own . 
  for better or worse , we got out of ww2 with minor injuries . 
  lost the historic center of rotterdam , but that 's pretty much all regarding lasting scars . 
  european consumer law allows monetary refund within 14 days after purchase . 
   i think somebody would notice if half or even 2/3rds of all migrants would go through all the places unchecked . 
  sure they would notice that , and they do , however there 's no telling how many came if many go unchecked . 
  i expect by the end of this year it will be around 1,5 million , but it could be 2 million or even more too for all we know . 
  thanks , it was n't meant to discredit you or anything , just thought it was funny it missed sardinia . 
  however the second map did not consider the netherlands has ( and had back then , we only had one province less back then ) more provinces than north and south holland . 
  are you saying we 're all essentially germans ? 
  ard van der steur ; `` i 've known people who died of wheed and hasj . '', 
   around a million came in this year , over a million * recorded * already . 
  we do n't know , it could have been 2-3 million this year there 's no telling . 
  we only know that it 's more than a million this year . 
  they made it through belgium into france though . 
  they did n't . 
  the dutch army surrendered after 5 days excluding the troops in zeeland , so we helped the french , not the other way around . 
  the troops in zeeland fought for another few days to avoid the french forces being pinched . 
  the danes do n't have submarines . 
  their birth rate may be higher , but their emigration rate to western europe is probably even higher than that .
