  depends where you live , most belgians speak dutch and they 're in the northern half , the other half speaks mostly french . 
  dutch could do in the north , french in the south/brussels , english nowhere where communication is important german is pretty irrelevant in belgium , there 's a small german community with a few dozen people , unless you want to live there , you would have to go for dutch or french . 
  some are some are n't , this would never stand without a referendum in both countries , so there 's a way to figure that out should we ever come to that point . 
  i meant up until the euro crisis , forgot to complete the sentence . 
  what is it you do n't get ? 
  tariffs benefit large corporations and small businesses suffer when they 're protected to a degree from multinational corporations ? 
  jesus christ what the fuck am i reading ? 
   tariffs are a form of protectionism , but protectionism is n't the same as tariffs . 
  it 's really not that hard , if national corporations can not compete with foreign international corporations , then they should either reform , be sold/merged or dissolve . 
  no need to protect incompetence , that only benefits the national corporation itself because it is able to operate while it economically should n't . 
  the legislation enacted as protectionism also more often than not hurts other national businesses small or large . 
  wether it is because they can not export eventhough they could compete in international markets , or because the legislation enacted to protect certain economically unsustainable organisations shoots past it 's goal and harms national competition . 
   yes it is . 
  this is economics 101 , in a free trade zone countries ' smaller businesses crumble under the competition of bigger multinational corporations so the population ends up buying from them causing deficits . 
  it does n't take a genius to figure this shit out . 
  that depends , not all businesses are best done on a large scale , and all money spend in a foreign corporation is n't always going to leave the country . 
  i suggest you take this economics 101 course and come back . 
   human , everything else is just made up bullshit . 
  it 's made definitively , through centuries of time , not bullshit though , it 's very important . 
  our environment where we grow up and live is the largest aspect in forming us as we are . 
  yes , i am dutch . 
   free trade zones only benefit corporations and screw small businesses and workers . 
  that 's incorrect . 
  protectionism benefits large corporations and institutionalized corruption at the cost of small and foreign businesses . 
   why on earth would you as a greek advocate for a free trade zone when it 's one of the main reasons for huge deficits in smaller nations ? 
  i 'm not greek , and this is not the main reason of huge deficits in greece , the fact the greeks do n't make anything is . 
   implying you 're in debt and poor because of the euro , correct . 
   not because for decades you spent more than you made . 
  the state debt of the netherlands has fallen the past 2 decades . 
  because it will be easier to deal with fewer memberstates and i believe flanders and the netherlands are both better of together . 
  that depends , i was for a federalized eu a while back , i 'm against it looking at its current state and course . 
  it will depend wether the eu will change for the good , or remain ravaging on . 
   but i do not know what is stolen originally then i am doing nothing wrong . 
  the same applies here , but they do know what is stolen so that 's not the situation here . 
   and just support the middle class . 
  after so many years of the euro , what middle class ? 
   it was the closest thing the european countries had as a political union to avoid repeating wwi . 
  great , now that that 's over , we can return to the 21st century and get your both legs on the ground again before you float away . 
   there is no proof that the people who have them are the ones who stole them . 
   does n't matter , acquiring stolen objects is illegal as well , as is ( attempting to - ) selling them . 
   well not straight returning the painting is dubious at best , i am not familiar enough with ukrainian legal code to say they are doing something illegal . 
  of course they 're doing something illegal . 
  the league of nations is seen as the predecessor of the un , not eu . 
  so we have the un now , are we politically in the same climate as pre ww1 or ii ? 
   you ca n't belong to eu and expect to follow rules piecemeal . 
  you can , since some things require unanimity . 
  also just look at denmark , the uk , sweden , poland , they all choose in the menu of the eu , they do n't follow a package deal . 
   it is a package deal . 
  i will vote no in the referendum none the less , if it 's a package deal , then they can scrape the whole package . 
   which is how people always answer to the `` do you trust politicians '' poll in times of crisis . 
  it may have been a crisis once , it 's the new reality now . 
  a crisis implies a temporary state , this is a perpetual state . 
   does n't mean anybody is about to rise in an armed rebellion . 
  armed rebellion is not the only substitute to people who rule in our stead . 
  you can have peaceful uprisings too . 
  we 'll see where it goes . 
   oh , we 're stepping into the conspiracy domain now . 
  that 's always fun . 
   no conspiracy needed , it 's free for all to see . 
  the most funny thing is , that even with all its flaws , the dutch trust the eu more than their own government . 
  smaller political blocks , the eu only being a free trade zone , a smaller eu , i do n't know , it all depends how current crises will develop . 
  anything but the eu seems like a good idea to me now . 
   i am talking about the only majority that is legitimate and relevant - the election/government majority . 
   there is no legitimiate majority in the netherlands , we have n't had democracy in a long time . 
  we have liars , frauds and no alternative . 
  there 's zero trust left in the government . 
   fine , if your side ever wins a majority in any country , you can have it your way . 
  until then , you 're stuck with it . 
  that depends , it seems the system does not work , if the majority wants to go another path but the politicians keep on lying and not listening there are other ways . 
   likewise , eu policy is and will continue to be determined by democratically elected governments . 
  then it shall collapse , fine by me either way . 
   it is , you may have noticed that even though it 's throwing a lot of weight around , the eu is losing power in favour to the nation states , which means that the big nation states will get to boss around in europe again but we 'll be left more to our devices . 
   and you 'll have a stronger position in there as part of the netherlands . 
   if an impoverished greece is a problem for us , how much would you think a left behind impoverished wallonia right at our doorsteps would be ? 
  france will take care of that . 
  it 's also likely that they 'll do better on their own , than on flemish money . 
   the netherlands would get all that , we would get none of it . 
  though this is not something i care about too much since even with the netherlands we 'd not be that big of a country , something that all european countries should realize . 
  you would get it together . 
  it would make quite a big country , it would economically have the gdp of spain , and be in possesion of the two largest ports of europe . 
  it would have significantly more influence than both now have . 
   no but falling back with the pre wwi or wwii political climate would n't be either the idea of the century , that 's not the only other option besides the eu , nor is it a realistic one . 
   if some people are going to be unhappy , and that causes division , so be it . 
  when they get the majority , they can decide what they want to do differently . 
   the majority is against current policies . 
  in the netherlands a decisive * majority * ( 68 % ) wants the borders closed . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.rtlnieuws.nl/nieuws/binnenland/meerderheid-nederlanders-wil-grenzen-dicht ) the eu only follows radical minorities , you hate the idea of having to stand other views and opinions , has nothing to with minority , majority or opposition , just your narrow minded and naive view on things . 
  if the netherlands does n't agree with the association agreement , the association agreement will not come into force . 
  that 's why the implementation date has been postponed for all of europe from january first 2016 until after the referendum ( excluding the trade agreements , because that 's an exclusive eu competence ) . 
  ukraine has nothing to do with this so of course they will not vote , neither does the rest of the eu . 
  this is about dutch money , dutch borders , dutch safety and only the dutch have something to say about that . 
   yet we 'd lose the considerable legislative power we have now . 
  the legislative power to interpret market legislation made by the eu . 
  it 's not all that relevant anymore . 
   there 's no way that flanders would benefit from a belgian split . 
  of course there is , you would n't be paying for wallonia anymore . 
  could even join the netherlands and gain from a larger scale , spare money on defense , foreign representation , more clout in negotiations , more economic and financial influence internationally and in the eu etc. 
   if we want that then we need to fight . '', 
  against what mr. schulz ? 
  the opposition ?
