   millions of people living together in shared flats for years but that 's not via airbnb or couchsurfing is it ? 
  you 're moving the goalpost . 
  nevertheless , not many people can stand living together with other people with which they do not have some kind of relation in the same house , and many of those who do , probably do so because they have no choice . 
  ( students , poverty etc. ), 
  many of the migrants who end up here find a world that was not what they expected it was , and many wish they never came here . 
  when deported back , the odds are he 'll have seen how things go here , and understand that life 's not so different in germany or bulgaria , with the exception you 'll need a job in bulgaria , but as an illegal you wo n't get welfare anyway . 
  or well , something like 150 euro per month . 
  what does ` ochen smeshno ' mean ? 
   many people do couchsurfing or airbnb these days and this is basically the same . 
  having someone live with you for a year or two is not the same as airbnb or couchsurfing . 
  what 's that ? 
  i tried google translate but it does n't translate . 
  but nobody said that europe was united in african and asian diversity , i presumed they meant european diversity . 
  if they get caught they 'll be deported back to bulgaria . 
  glad we [ cleared ] ( http://xoxol.org/putin-medvedev-laugh.jpg ) that out , schlesien . 
  no , / u/quetzie so i gues we do n't know exactly what happened . 
   an image of the area is on page 146 of the official report . 
  the entire section starting on page 143 goes into detail about where the missile was fired from . 
   thanks . 
   according to the report it was . 
  does indeed look like its firmly in rebel held territory . 
  bellingcat is a pretty bad source , so this is definitely not enough . 
  you can learn more about the mistakes , improper use of tools , and fraudulent claims bellingcat made [ here ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/spiegel/spiegelblog/bellingcat-bericht-zu-mh17-was-wir-lernen-a-1037135.html ) and [ here ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/expert-criticizes-allegations-of-russian-mh17-manipulation-a-1037125.html ) ` bellingcat ' is a 35 year old brit called eliot higgins that has done ` research ' from behind his desk in his home in leicester based on youtube video 's as a hobbyist . 
  he 's as trustable as your average redditor on / r/europe . 
   the criminal investigation has n't ended and when it 's done in 2-3 years everybody will have forgotten most of it , and we can quickly return to the order of the day . 
   the safety board did say that the missile was fired from rebel controlled territory so make of that what you want . 
  could you be more specific ? 
  if you have the exact launch position i would like to see it . 
  the report mentions ;  the dutch safety board said the missile was launched from an area of 320 square kilometers in eastern ukraine which was engulfed by fighting between ukrainian government troops and russian-backed rebels . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://www.lindro.it/dutch-investigators-present-their-mh17-report-questions-remain/?pdf=196011 ) that 's a rather large area , was all of that controlled by the rebels during that time ? 
  maybe it 's to show the border between russia and ukraine more clearly . 
  not to break the circlejerk or anything , but do n't you think they would have conclusive evidence by now if the russians did it ? 
  i currently only see some smoke rising from the smoldering doofpot in the hague . 
  it seems likely the rebels did it , and the hague could have put it in the doofpot for economic or political reasons , but likely is not always synonymous to what actually happened , eventhough most people on here seem to have made up their mind about it . 
   there 's a difference between ' i want the border to be closed off , no more refugees pls ' and condoning violence . 
  absolutely . 
   i 'm pretty sure that the majority of the majority is n't in favour of these violent actions tbh . 
  likely , i did n't want to say the majority supports their violent actions , just their motivation . 
  oh racism does exist . 
  just ask the boers in south africa , or the indian labour migrants in qatar . 
   i never said the majority want more refugees . 
  i said these rioting assholes do n't respresent the majority , big difference  i misunderstood you then , that 's certainly true . 
   ps you ca n't even see the original i was replying to , where an englishman was saying whay we , the dutch , were thinking . 
  which is why i was talking about ` my ' country . 
  it 's a figure of speech , not all language is meant literally . 
  i ca n't read the original comment , it 's removed . 
  i might have missed some context . 
  i know , it was intended as an overall statement , not aimed at you . 
  yes it is , but they where n't fired for nothing . 
  a bullet does n't fall as fast as it leaves the barrel of a gun though , it 's still dangerous . 
  there are probably some that came from somewhere else , does n't mean all the locals that where there too need to be discredited though . 
  dutch are generally very provincialist , so you have a point . 
  people have to prove themselves to be able to fit in , if they do n't , than indifference is the best form of tolerance . 
  both . 
   these people do not speak for my country and do n't fucking dare act like they represent the majority just because they decide to riot ah the netherlands , where the majority is not any statistical fact but decided by the moral compass of / u/fearloathingholland . 
  for your information , it is not ` your ' country , like it or not , you share it with 17 million people . 
  not that it matters , because it 's statistics and not feelz , but 66 % of the dutch do n't want more refugees [ 1 ] ( http://www.rtlnieuws.nl/nieuws/binnenland/nederlanders-negatiever-over-opvang-vluchtelingen ) , and that is what we call a ` majority ' . 
  of course the research could have a margin of error , but when you find a research that contradicts this , feel welcome to share it . 
  but they 're supported by the majority . 
  68 % of the dutch people wanted the borders more closed a few months ago [ 1 ] ( http://www.rtlnieuws.nl/nieuws/binnenland/meerderheid-nederlanders-wil-grenzen-dicht ) , 66 % of the dutch people do n't want more refugees , 73 % want europe 's borders more closed , 87 % of the dutch think refugees should be sheltered in their own region [ 2 ] ( http://www.rtlnieuws.nl/nieuws/binnenland/nederlanders-negatiever-over-opvang-vluchtelingen ) . 
  yet we have politicians who still walk and talk so high up in the sky they might as well live on mars if we did n't know any better . 
  and it would n't have made a single difference . 
  welcome to the netherlands , where democracy means scribbling in a box so you can f * ck off for the next 4 years . 
  i do n't feel ashamed of it if other people say that , just as i do n't expect a turk to feel ashamed of what turks do here . 
  and yet it exactly is like that . 
  of course you would n't know , you 're not even dutch . 
   romania is not a third world country . 
  they are n't ? 
  no they are n't . 
   this is the last turd of a comment i am responding to in this thread . 
  you guys are being willfully obtuse , sorry about that . 
  this is generally not a good subject to talk about with europeans . 
  when in rome , do as the romans do . 
  being accepted as a dutch person is completely in your own hands . 
  not that your comment is bad , but it 's not * that * good that it needs two . 
  this heat is used to warm greenhouses , where we grow our vegetables and fruits . 
  yes turkey likes to increase segregation and prevent integration of what they consider their people . 
  but that serves other reasons , notably ex-turks are generally more conservative and religious than real turks because they 're unhappy with their place here and romanticize about a society they 've never known , as a consequence many of them vote akp . 
  it also gives them power and influence in other countries by poking in socio-economic wounds and damaging societal cohesion . 
  that not all roads have the same thickness , this makes it look as if all roads go to rome , but do the same with berlin , and suddenly all roads go to berlin . 
  in other words it appears all roads go to roma because the creator of this image made some roads fatter/brighter than others , and even the same roads lighter at the start and fatter at the end , providing a starting and end point . 
  now show the map without highlighting the roads you want to see . 
  see where it went wrong , what we can do to improve the situation , what we can learn for the next generation . 
  although most probably live in holland , the research was actually about the entire netherlands . 
   and they often do n't have dutch nationalism butt nationalism for turkey or morocco . 
  which is often rather odd , considering many of them are born here and have never lived in these countries . 
  they are not turkish or maroccan even if they think so , they 're not dutch either . 
  they 're something in between . 
  rather sad really . 
  it 's an unwanted side effect not making things better with regards to integration/assimilation and the feeling of belonging to - , however it is an effect and not a cause . 
  non-western immigrants are far more likely to commit crimes than natives/western immigrants . 
  it is only natural the police pays extra attention . 
   characterized by ignorance of or lack of good taste : that 's the point , they are vulgar . 
  and they 're not creative , so vulgaria seems like the perfect optional name . 
  plan b could be a moat between the netherlands and germany , make it wide enough for them to construct a beach and they have a coast . 
  some fences , minefields and bunkers on our side of the moat of course , we already have beaches and a coastline . 
  there where some people a while back that suggested to polder the dogger bank in , blow the dikes and flood the netherlands , and migrate to the new island . 
  i 'm not exactly sure what stopped us . 
  no it is n't . 
  you screwed up at sint maarten , and not just the name .
