  of course it would have consequences , but not doing it has so too . 
  france can stop them at their border , and can deport those who remain illegally . 
  failure to do either leads to it being and remaining a french problem and responsibility . 
   which would be a breach of the treaty and risk an international law case . 
  a sovereign state can suspend treaties as it pleases . 
   if they did try and remove it then we would remove french border controls in st pancras and put any illegal immigrants on the first train to france . 
  putting illegal immigrants on a train to a third state is illegal . 
  and the treaties regulating this are not as easy to suspend as a cross border agreement . 
   quite why you think monetary union would be a gain to bulgaria i 've explained that several times . 
  lower borrowing rates , easier and cheaper cross border trade , more investments , easier access to capital etc. 
   when it has not been a gain to so many other countries is a mystery to me . 
  these countries are in western europe , and that 's because of their own fault . 
   having one 's own currency is a good thing . 
  that 's not true in and on itself . 
  i do n't see what leads you to this dogmatic thinking . 
  obviously it entirely depends on the context , there 's no ` one size fits all ' . 
   bulgarians are capable of having their own currency . 
  just not capable of exploiting the benefits of having their own currency , and when there are costs involved that are not offset , it seems like a bad choice to maintain the status quo . 
   stop talking bulgarians down !, 
  i 'm not talking them down , just being realistic . 
  it is n't , but reading about ttip it sounds like a bad agreement that might turn out ( very ) negative to europe . 
  therefor it seems better to me if we suspend it , improve our internal market , and come back when we have a more stable negotiating position . 
  that ; s not up to the uk to decide , that 's up to france . 
  yes , everything will be replaced with one basic income . 
  rent reduction , healthcare cost reduction , mortgage rate reduction , welfare , childcare benefits etc. 
  all will be gone . 
  this makes for a much simpler system , less bureaucracy , and less fraud . 
   but will not some people , people who require constant medical treatment for example , be penalized ? 
  the people that will have the greatest benefit of this system are low-income people . 
  people with constant medical treatment wo n't be penalized . 
  long term unemployed will take a hit , but will have an increased ability to alleviate their financial position with part time jobs . 
  if france is eventually tired of its own incompetence and inability to protect its borders or deport illegals , it might suspend the border arrangement with the uk . 
  it 's france 's problem , not the uk 's . 
  it 's their responsibility to protect their border . 
  bigger is not automatically better . 
  also you ca n't eat influence , and we 're past the era of imperialism . 
  so this ` great power and influence ' is useless and a form of old fashioned nationalism . 
  nah after the balkan states are member we need some contributing nations otherwise western europe ca n't finance it anymore . 
  i was thinking of the us and canada as future eu members . 
  interesting , that means the netherlands spends more on social programs than the uk . 
  maybe it 's not fit for the uk then , the dutch government spenda about 160 billion euro on social programs per year , that 's roughly 11.000 euro per citizen of 18 + . 
  the accompanied budget gains due to less bureaucracy , fraud and healthcare can be used to decrease deficit spending . 
  the uk should then not adopt this system . 
  economically they would be better of to suspend ttip negotiations for now , and put their effort in finalizing the common market . 
  for a common market , europe still has tons of borders and barriers . 
  we trade a lot more with each other than we do with the us , naturally there 's more to gain there . 
  if we manage to set up a real common market , our competitiveness will increase internationally by itself . 
  ( advantage of scale , trust , investment ), 
  for how long still ? 
  for now . 
  hungary is stronk , france is weak ? 
   literally fucking up the situation as mayor since the beginning of the crisis , and still playing the same cards after barely managing to hang onto the position . 
  * the situation for the entire political establishment of europe . 
   newsflash : the reason there are 6000 + people in the jungle is precisely because they can not cross . 
  really ? 
  not because they got illegally in france ? 
  so they just fell out of the sky , or did they grow from local trees and plants ? 
   otoh some people will try to abuse such a system . 
  that should be managable in this new age of digital money though . 
  a basic income system is far less likely to experience fraud than the current systems , it will be easier to manage and almost impossible to cheat . 
  funding it is easy , pile up the budgets of all social programs , they will be replaced . 
  after that you can lay of 100.000 or 200.000 civil servants , which brings another budget reduction . 
  to prevent an increase of unemployment , shorten the workweeks to 6 hours per day ( as shown by research the most productive amount of hours ) so that these civil servants can find productive work . 
   if brits , swedes , norwegians and icelandics can create a currency that works , so can bulgarians . 
  they ca n't . 
   being in an incomplete monetary union will be far more harmful for bulgaria than the minor risks from trade with different currencies . 
  you have not red anything i 've written ? 
  before you draw the ignorance card , please counter the arguments given or do n't make baseless claims which are untrue . 
  the monetary union would be a gain to bulgaria . 
  it would be preferable , but it is not needed . 
  the dutch government spends about 160 billion euro on social policies per year . 
  that 's 11.000 euro per citizen of 18 + , roughly 900 euro per month . 
  the decrease in fraud , decrease of buraucracy would lead to further decrease of government spending , less debts and deficits . 
  the corrupt government could only do what they did because the eurozone was complacent with fraud and lacked forsight and control . 
  there should have been a more comprehensive fiscal policy from the start , and it should have been expanded during the years leading upto the financial crash . 
  i 'm not well versed on the economics/financial situation of the caribbean , however the ` special municipality ' status allows bonaire to use the us dollar . 
  ( and limit european immigration ( of non-dutch eu-nationals ) to the caribbean ) they 're a municipality , but they have some extra rights as opposed to regular dutch municipalities , i gues that 's also needed . 
  it should also be possible to keep your own currency , or use the dollar , or the euro , whatever makes sense and what people prefer . 
   keeping control of monetary policy is not they have no control over their monetary policy , hence the peg . 
  the only monetary policy they 're executing is keeping the exchange rate fixed . 
  this is why you can not execute your own monetary policy . 
  which means having your own currency has no benefits to you , and only negative effects . 
   a peg is easy to break , unlike a currency union . 
  not if you do n't have a reliable and internationally used currency . 
   the advantages are being able to have a monetary policy more suited to your circumstances . 
  they were n't able to have a monetary policy the past 16 years , and they wo n't now . 
  seeing as nobody is interested in the bulg . 
  they ca n't also just break the peg . 
  they would only be printing away the ability of their companies/citizens of paying of their external debt . 
   having different currencies is not a barrier to international trade . 
  it is however a cost , and a risk . 
  both have negative effects on international trade/investment . 
  what went badly ; * migrant crisis * refugee crisis * greek crisis * ukraine crisis * continued political and economic stagnation * no progress in accession proces of serbia/montenegro * terrorist attacks and threats * increased divisiveness inside some memberstates and between memberstates * another political fracture zone in europe , after north-south because of the euro , now west-east because of refugees . 
  what went well ; * nothing that i know of, 
  no shit sherlock . 
  countries like bulgaria or romania do n't profit from having their own currency . 
  it makes sense if you have a stable and reliable currency like the uk or denmark and sweden , but not in the case of bulgaria or romania . 
  bulgaria has a peg anyway , and has had so for years , barely anything would change for them , only slight improvements ( lower borrowing rates for example , simpler and cheaper cross border trade , easier/more investments , no transaction costs etc. ), 
  that depends , if the eurozone is ever finalized with a fiscal union , banking union and eurobonds , bulgaria would greatly benefit from the euro . 
  i 'm glad it works out for you , as a firm supporter of the basic income idea this is good to hear .
