  we do n't have any appointed religious figures , church taxes , or state religion . 
  by all intents and purposes we have a very secular government . 
  an elected official does n't * have * to swear in on the bible , john quincy adams did n't , they do n't * have * to declare their religion ( there shall be no religious test is written in the constitution ) , and creationism taught in schools is unconstitutional . 
  everything you wrote has to do with the culture of a certain part of the country , its not even the majority culture . 
  edit : john quincy adams swore in on a book of law : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/inauguration_of_john_quincy_adams  adams recalled later that he had taken his oath of office on a book of law rather than the bible itself . 
  [ 1 ] this may have been common practice at the time ; there is no concrete evidence that any president from john adams to john tyler used a bible to swear the oath, 
  no wonder the kid is suicidal , his dad seems like shit . 
  who does n't visit their kid , that is in the hospital for trying to commit suicide , for two weeks . 
  and why are they calling it pneumonia ? 
  seems like their just making the whole thing something shameful . 
  like you should feel ashamed of having suicidal thoughts and should hide it . 
  that 's definitely not a good message to send . 
  they like him because he believes in traditional family values ( in other words he hates on gay people ) . 
  why is culture so important ? 
  and are n't all cultures linked to some extent ? 
  i 'm just trying to understand where someone would draw the line there or whether it really is just all arbitrary . 
  i 'm just kind of rambling . 
  oh so you are racist ? 
  but what you said was n't funny ... 
  woosh, 
  i just wanted to point out another side that i have heard . 
  the point is that if you want a power that would counterbalance the uss power in the world , as many have pointed out in this thread , adding another country that is so culturally and economically connected to the us does n't really make much sense . 
  we 'll , they obviously do n't understand proper reddiquette . 
  absolute barbarians . 
  ok , it 's pissing me off . 
  why are you getting down voted so much ? 
  and ironically chomsky is american . 
  i guess we will just agree to disagree . 
  a lot of americans if not most agree with you . 
  i just feel like changing the system in that way will affect very little but maybe i 'm wrong , ofc i do n't think i am . 
  the main problem with our system is campaign finance reform , though i do n't even think that will change as much as a lot of people think it would . 
  i completely disagree . 
  once again , the primaries make the difference . 
  a candidate that supports black policies is going to have an advantage over a candidate that does n't in the primary even before the general election . 
  there is no chance of a democratic candidate that is not in favor of certain policies that would benefit black americans getting past the primary . 
  i do n't know how right wing you think the far right is but i 'd say we have had some pretty far right candidates . 
  people who think abortion is the same as murder , who have a dominionist ideology , and believe that homosexuality should be illegal , which a good portion of the country still believe . 
  i would say all of that would have more than five percent of the vote . 
  i ca n't imagine what would only have five percent of the vote , a belief in lizard people ? 
  what beliefs in the us are n't being represented ? 
  i 'm not talking about a third party candidate . 
  i 'm talking about a republican with far right ideals . 
  nothing stops a far right person from running in the gop primary nor from someone voting for them to be their candidate for the republican party . 
  i agree on the money part . 
  however , the way the parties are set up , the fact that there are primaries and people vote for the candidates they want to represent the party , makes the two parties in the us much more diverse than the parties in europe . 
  that was my point . 
  how many parties in europe have muslims , jews , atheists , immigrants , catholics , blacks , hispanics , asians , labor , and gays voting in the majority for one party ? 
  or having people who are war hawks with people who are isolationists ? 
  we do n't have communists and fascists because of our history and our culture ( and of course the money from corporations ) not because the way the parties are set up . 
  nothing stops someone for voting for a far right candidate in the us . 
  the democrats range from democratic socialists to conservatives and the republicans range from libertarians to tea party folk . 
  the parties themselves are more diverse . 
  anyone on the right can vote for a far right candidate to be a part of the gop if they so wish their party to go in that direction . 
  / u/user _ history_bot slytherinspy1960, 
  i do n't think he is a troll and i 'm not trying to change his mind . 
  i 'm trying to wrap my head around his belief that he is inferior to asians in intelligence and that any asian immigration is bad but i guess he just answered my question there . 
  racists are so strange . 
  how did you even come to the conclusion that blacks have lower intelligence and asians have higher intelligence ? 
  ok well if that were true then would n't it make more sense for the us if they wish to remain the most powerful country in the world to recruit asian immigrants ? 
  what is your opinion on why blacks and latinos in the us do so poorly and why asians and middle easterners in the us do so well ? 
  i would love to hear your opinion as i am sure it would be ... enlightening . 
  i think american citizenship should n't be decided on race and how bright our future will be will be decided on economic and social progress not what race is dominant . 
  actually , chicago has more whites than latinos , blacks are the largest ethnic group at 33 % . 
  i do n't think you can really compare europe and the us though since the native populations , native americans , american indians , and native hawaiians , here are and have been a minority for more than a century making up only .9 % of the population . 
  no people arbitrarily do that everyday . 
  right . 
  if other people make more than they deserve the system is n't fair . 
  once again , people want a system that is fair even if that means that in that system they might not make as much . 
  it is just a part of human nature . 
  what people want is a system that is fair . 
  they do n't understand how someone working in finance 's job or athlete or rock star could be that much more valuable to society and that much more worth than that of someone working in academia or the service sector . 
  i 'm merely a student , not in the workforce so i do n't really have anything personal to go off of but it seems that some people are paid a lot more than they should be . 
  this is the problem that people have when they look at wealth inequality . 
  it is not just about am i getting what i deserve but is the other person getting what they deserve and if they are getting more than they deserve , why am i not ? 
  humans do this naturally , so do other primates . 
  if you give a monkey a banana for doing something and you give another monkey two bananas for doing something that is equivalent to what the other monkey is doing than the monkey is gon na get pissed ( * angry , sorry i forgot this meant drunk in bre ) . 
  if you look in the past rich people made a certain amount more than the poor , meaning their value to society was deemed a certain amount more ; now they make even more than the poor . 
  does that mean that the rich are even more valuable than they used to be ? 
  i feel like i 'm rambling . 
  holla if you think anything i wrote made sense or if you do n't , whatever . 
  that 's true , however , in the u.s. we have more control over the parties and decide who will be running within each party . 
  in that way we decide what the parties are and what they will become . 
  the parties are n't as stagnant and can evolve much more fluidly than other parties in other countries . 
  the democrats do n't just have people with one type of ideology but with many , it 's a big tent party , the same with the republicans , though not to the same extent i would argue . 
  yeah , we honor the confederate states so much that we decided to erect a huge statue of their enemy in our capital sitting on a throne like some kind of greek god . 
  i thought the french stereotype was that they look down on you if you ca n't speak their language not that they ca n't speak other languages . 
  right . 
  i 'm not agreeing at all with claiming you are an italian full-stop when you are an italian american . 
  i personally would n't do that . 
  my point is sometimes europeans think that americans just call themselves italian , mexican , or irish because they think they hold some of those cultural traditions or they can speak the language or whatever . 
  but most americans when saying they are italian , german , whathaveyou are just saying that they have ancestry that have roots in those areas . 
  it does n't mean anything other than that . 
  i think it is important however to not label other people and tell them what and who they are . 
  people can be very sensitive on this topic . 
  just a warning . 
  this guy is a * major * troll . 
  he 's been a redditor for a day and already has -35 karma with every comment being downvoted . 
  * and * europeans, 
   does n't ring the russophobic bell that the yanks are all obsessed with , though . 
  hey , how did we get pulled into this conversation ?
