  when i replied to you , you said that they were at war . 
  the us and yemen are not at war . 
  yemen allows the us to do drone strikes in their country against terrorists . 
  i 've never heard of him before this got into the news . 
  i think srekelp is thinking of someone else . 
  i wanted to move to japan though ... hmmm . . 
  if africa was economically stable , i would definitely think about moving there . 
  you think there is something wrong with that ? 
  this shows net zero immigration . 
  http://www.pewhispanic.org/2012/04/23/net-migration-from-mexico-falls-to-zero-and-perhaps-less/ i do n't understand what american values are going to b changed . 
  deportations are on the rise , more mexicans are leaving because of the economic downturn , etc. 
  in a few generations they will be integrated and they wo n't even be considered immigrants anymore . 
  once again they are on the same pace as past immigrant populations when it comes to language . 
  not to mention that the same shit was being said about the italians and the irish and would you look at that they are integrated and are not causing any problems . 
  the bullshit is coming from you man . 
  look it up man . 
  net zero immigration . 
  our culture is an immigrant culture . 
  it is based on immigration . 
  mexicans immigrating here is holding down the tradition . 
  i do n't understand what you even mean by changing the culture ? 
  how ? 
  and why is that a bad thing ? 
  the spanish colony thing is important because a percentage of the mexican americans have been here since that time and from immigration during the 1800s . 
  they did n't just come over . 
  mexican americans are learning english at the same rate that past immigrants learned at . 
  what laws are they breaking and what do you mean about the american way of life ? 
  americans should be able to live whatever way they wish to live . 
  you obviously do n't live in the us . 
  the same amount of americans are moving to mexico as mexicans are moving to the us . 
  not to mention that a good chunk of the country used to be a spanish colony and the fact that the vast majority of americans are descended from immigrants . 
  why should we stop mexicans from entering the country ? 
  and what do you mean about american culture ? 
  how exactly are mexican americans not respecting it ? 
  i mean in a lot of ways i do not like the culture , does that mean that i am any less american ? 
  i love how you make the word intellectual into a swear word . 
  as an american how is that `` rich '' exactly ? 
  how does china 's human rights records have anything to do with learning the language ? 
  do you think somehow that learning mandarin is going to lower human rights in the uk ? 
  it 's only a problem if they are unable to work , pay taxes , follow the laws , and contribute to society . 
  that 's just my opinion . 
  i do believe that learning english will help in that endeavor which is why i am in favor of the government funding english classes/lessons . 
  once again , the vast majority of immigrants in the united states do want to speak english and second and third generation immigrants are fluent in english . 
  it is just first generation immigrants who are older that have a problem with learning the language . 
  all of the studies show that their language acquisition is on par with past immigration waves and their language acquisition . 
  also , like you said before , this is n't europe , we do n't have an official language ( though the majority of states do , some of them being french and spanish in addition to english though the majority being english ) . 
  i do n't think it is a problem . 
  96 ( edit : -99 % depending on the polling ) of first generation immigrants in the u.s. report that learning english is important . 
  the problem is that the government does n't help them to learn the language . 
  there 's a will but no way . 
  oh , i did n't think about that . 
  it sounds really odd with this translation . 
  your talking about being annoyed , he said he dreaded it . 
  that 's a stronger word and a stronger emotion . 
  there 's a certain fear behind it . 
  i do n't understand why he would use that word in this context . 
  edit : okay , i get it . 
  bad translation , no need to keep downvoting . 
  first generation knows native language , second generation is bilingual , and third generation only knows english . 
  that 's usually how it goes . 
  as someone who is currently enrolled at university in the u.s. 
  there are different types of democracy . 
  the democracies in the world today have much better rights and protections for minorities than any of the dictatorships/absolute monarchies . 
  halloween has celtic influences . 
  it is n't anglo-saxon . 
  not everyone that speaks english is anglo-saxon . 
  italy does n't have a constitutional ban or civil unions . 
  gay marriages are just unrecognized by the state . 
  california 's prop 8 law was overturned by the supreme court and the majority of californians are in favor of gay marriage as well as the majority of americans . 
  six states this year have passed gay marriage . 
  hawaii and illinois only a few months ago . 
  the problem for lgbt activists in the future will be the bans on gay marriage in 29 state constitutions . 
  the backtracking was years ago when those were enacted . 
  now it 's full steam ahead . 
  do n't listen to motoenduro . 
  north dakota is obviously the better dakota . 
  a lot ( ~ 60 % ) of americans are descended from ireland , the uk , germany , italy , sweden/norway , and poland . 
  pretty much everyone knew where those were . 
  i only got 9 out of 13 and i 'm from the u.s. :( i forgot nunavut , nova scotia , and new brunswick, 
  no one is going to know it is your home though . 
  they would have to already know what your address is . 
  i do n't think they 're any more defensive than anyone else , at least not from my own experiences . 
  but yea , they do like to shit on americans and american culture . 
  i 'm pretty sure it is a pastime . 
  you do n't throw out the cup , you just get a refill . 
  most americans only put two or three cubes in their glass . 
  the guy above is talking about how in some countries in europe they do n't put any ice in their cup . 
  i do n't think it really matters either way as long as it is cold . 
  it depends on how you define patriotism . 
  to me it 's trying to make your country better and not giving up on it . 
  having pride in your country is n't really patriotism . 
   devoted love , support , and defense of one 's country ; national loyalty how you interpret this definition depends on your outlook . 
  to keep the scots out or the english in ? 
  age of consent is 17 in illinois . 
  if you are sixteen year old girl dating a 21 year old guy , the thought here is the guy wants someone that he can control , he is going to try to make her marry him asap . 
  probably knock her up ( in other words , get her pregnant ) and they will have an abusive relationship and she wo n't amount to anything . 
  most parents would not be having it . 
  if it is the other way around , there must be something wrong with the woman , and the dude is a player . 
   with a * traitor * flag ftfy nothing drives me more insane . 
  oh , now i understand what you are saying .
