burning crosses , blackface , and anti-catholicism . 
  it 's just missing the white hoods and anti-semitism . 
   this one is always revealing :  / r/conservative - 36,797 vs. / r/liberal - 20,093 you forgot / r/progressive - 34,861 . 
  you see the same articles on / r/progressive as you do on / r/liberal . 
  the constitution is not considered an infallible paper of eternal perfection . 
  having core principles does n't mean you never change policy or implementation of those principles . 
  unsportsmanlike ? 
  but you do n't have to have your name your whole life . 
  you can always change it when you are older . 
  can you not change your name to whatever you want in austria ? 
  some tribes do . 
  what was the title of the documentary ? 
  yea , if you look at wikipedia , good friday is n't a public holiday at the federal level . 
  it probably depends on your state , your school district , etc. 
  i 'm 22 and i do n't remember being taught about liberia at all . 
  i know i was n't taught about it in high school . 
  i would have remembered that . 
  i was taught about the idea at the time of the civil war of sending blacks back to africa but not liberia specifically . 
  i do n't think most americans even know liberia exists , let alone that it was set up by former african american slaves . 
  right . 
  i would never say that the egalitarianism of the hunter gatherer lifestyle is non violent , in fact , it is more violent . 
  i just think that you were being facetious when you said that most of human history is kings and warlords . 
  in hunter gatherer lifestyles there is not as much difference between the lifestyle of the one on top versus the one on the bottom . 
  * maybe * but it 's my understanding that hunter gatherer societies tend to be more egalitarian and less structured . 
  what do you mean by human history ? 
  recorded history ? 
  because for most of human existence people lived in hunter gatherer societies of ~ 100 people in africa . 
  no lords , kings , or fiefdoms lol . 
   btw your impression of the american system seems to be based on hyperbolic leftists complaints and / r/politics . 
  except leftists and / r/politics would definitely not be in favor of the solutions he comes up with . 
  he seems to be greatly influenced by the anti-federalist writings in the us in the eighteenth century and the early democratic-republican party . 
  he seems like a libertarian . 
  edit : actually after looking at his last comment , he 's definitely a left-libertarian . 
  are you secretly a member of the democratic-republican party in the 18th century united states that has figured out time travel ? 
  if the wives are into it it is n't rape now is it ? 
  stop it . 
  you are ruining the analogy . 
  it 's to separate the executive and legislative branches just in case the legislative branch ever becomes corrupted or vice versa . 
  who organizes that ? 
  the parents ? 
  smh, 
  asylum seekers , silly, 
  i do n't see the point of this comment as it is somewhat off topic but i would like to mention that that is pretty rare . 
  most second generation are fluent in both their home language and english while third generation tend to only be fluent in english , though they would be able to understand the home language they may not be able to produce it themselves . 
  i can give you a few studies that actually look at this topic for you as i have access to my universities databases . 
  so ... how does he compare himself to hitler ? 
  do you have video of this ? 
  i would love to see video of this !, 
  i got the same !, 
  though i do n't like tea ... i 'm not sure they would accept me . 
  there are areas where i feel the supreme court decided wrongly . 
  one of the areas is in regards to the amish . 
   wisconsin v. yoder , 406 u.s. 205 ( 1972 ) , is the case in which the united states supreme court found that amish children could not be placed under compulsory education past 8th grade . 
  the parents ' fundamental right to freedom of religion outweighed the state 's interest in educating its children . 
  the case is often cited as a basis for parents ' right to educate their children outside of traditional private or public schools . 
  i feel like you are picking out laws made by the legislature and are saying that makes the u.s. government not secular . 
  the fact is it does n't really make me concerned and wo n't really make me concerned until it reaches the supreme court and is ruled upon as being constitutional . 
  laws can always be changed . 
  however , the case that i have just provided i feel is a much more apt reason for arguing against the u.s. being secular . 
  there were also instances of courts allowing people out of the draft for religious reasons which i also find to be bullshit . 
  these are much more troubling in my eyes than any law passed by the state or federal legislatures . 
  the country is very religious . 
  it 's religiosity is not only evident in its beliefs but how those beliefs form their political stances . 
  i was n't arguing otherwise . 
  i think i know how religious the american population is and how it influences politics . 
  edit : also in regards to non - christian , i do n't see it happening in any recent upcoming election . 
  a jewish person would have the best shot . 
  so there are laws on the books in many states and passed by congress that are unconstitutional and once they get to the supreme court will most likely be found unconstitutional ? 
  that is your proof that the us government is not secular ? 
  it says most of why churches are tax exempt are because they are a non profit . 
  how is that not secular ? 
  the more worrying cases are where the supreme court has sided with religion when they should n't have . 
  i ca n't get into it now , i have to go but i will later . 
  the reason churches are n't taxed are because they are defined as a charity . 
  the law states if they perform charity work and do not promote any political official then your organization may be tax exempt . 
  that is true of all charity organizations . 
  the problem is the irs does n't have the resources to go after fraudulent organizations and churches that break the rules . 
  edit : oh and yea the pledge of allegiance is bullshit . 
  why are you guys so against gambling ? 
  yea that 's pretty much my experience as well . 
  why is verhofstadt not running in your country ? 
  do you think you hear about it more or less than elections at the nation level in europe ? 
  while libertarians are associated with the right in the us as most vote for the republican party , they are definitely not fascist . 
  most are isolationists and are therefore against wars except for defense . 
  most are in favor of socially liberal laws . 
  where they agree with the republicans are on economic terms , low taxes , little government regulation , welfare to be delegated at the state level , etc. 
  they also tend to be against a central bank , which is not an opinion held by most republicans . 
  not all libertarians vote republican , some do vote democratic . 
  they tend to value their economic ideals over their social ones though . 
  modern liberals , in the us , and libertarians , in the us , share a history as they both evolved from classic liberalism . 
  they diverged in their reaction to the great depression , though , and have been involved with opposing parties ever since . 
  that is really interesting . 
  history classes in the us do n't really go into the subject of german or italian unification or the colonization of asia or africa . 
  the history of sub-saharan africa is pretty non-existent in our schools , though we do learn about the colonization of the americas . 
  what part of irish history did you learn about ? 
  what the ... ? 
  dude , where did you go to school . 
  it was n't like that at all where i went . 
  i just went to a public school in illinois . 
  what is your history classes like ?
