  all i remember are ancient civilizations , pre-colonial native americans ( incans , mayans , aztecs ) , the middle ages , renaissance , enlightenment , and the world wars for world history . 
  we did have a world history class in secondary education . 
  i ca n't believe people did n't learn anything about france . 
  i do remember learning about the french revolution and the guillotine and all that . 
  i was just thinking of this the other day . 
  are europeans taught how the european union government is structured in their government classes ? 
  i 'm guessing you have at least one government class in secondary education ? 
  if so it would probably make sense to teach this in schools so people can understand the way laws are made at the european union level . 
  i 'm not an economist but i would assume more people = more demand = more jobs . 
  i mean at least theoretically the problem would solve itself . 
  in the us the little kids usually paint the eggs the day before easter . 
  they usually dunk it one color and then draw some crappy design , sometimes they use stencils . 
  it goes in the fridge and the parents hide them easter morning . 
  oh , we are talking about different things then . 
  i know absolutely nothing about the religious symbols in schools . 
  i will say however i tend to lean on the side of allowing most symbols in schools though obviously there tends to be conflict so its a tricky question . 
  though obviously if they ban face covering in general , the problem there is more of a freedom of expression issue rather than a freedom of religion issue . 
  the stated reason for the veil ban if i remember correctly is for security . 
  i do n't think it has anything to do with security at all because if it did why not ban all clothing that covers the body in that manner ? 
  why specifically a muslim dress ? 
  it does n't make sense . 
  that is n't even the only reason i 'm against it . 
  the fact is people are giving up their freedom to wear whatever the fuck they want because of security purposes that we 're never really a threat . 
  i just do n't think the law was made for the purpose that they state but rather to get votes from people who are scared of muslims . 
  my opinion on the matter is that there should be no veil ban at all . 
  not for the religious nor the non religious . 
  i would bet some money that is how most americans would see it as well . 
  it 's amusing because the law would be considered unconstitutional in my opinion in the us because it obviously goes after one group but if the law was proven to be secular in nature than the religious exemption would then be found to be unconstitutional . 
  but yea it 's complicated . 
  i do n't believe in any exceptions to laws for religious reasons . 
  that is not religious freedom and not what i meant at all . 
  hok , now on the topic of gay marriage . 
  morality , family , manhood are all very conservative , traditional values in my mind and it is kind of hard to separate them from religion which in my mind is also more conservative , or at least organized religion is . 
  i know in the uk there is no difference in the religiosity of the conservative party compared to the labor party . 
  in the us that is crazy . 
  atheists are liberals and evangelicals are conservatives and to have the same amount of atheists in the republican party as the democratic party would be bizarre . 
  religion and conservatism go hand in hand , you ca n't separate them . 
  they are both for tradition and keeping the status quo . 
  i do n't know if this makes sense to you but separating morality , family , and manhood from religion , does n't really make sense to me . 
  when you become an atheist in the us , i 'm an atheist myself , your entire outlook changes . 
  i do n't know any atheist who used to be a christian conservative that stayed with their conservatism . 
  i guess everything is just more black and white here . 
  i think you completely misinterpreted my last statement . 
  when i said religious freedoms i merely mean the government should not prohibit religious practice as long as it does not harm others . 
  i mean i do n't understand how you can be in favor of secularism and not be in favor of that ? 
  it 's not about religious extremism , it is so religious minorities may practice their faith in accordance to law without being discriminated . 
  that is what i think of when i think of religious freedom and that is what i meant by it . 
  there already have been major politicians who did n't believe in `` jebus '' as you say . 
  pete stark was an atheist in the house of representatives only a few years ago . 
  will they get attacked for it ? 
  yea , they will but in us politics nothing and i repeat * nothing * is off the table . 
  if there is a way to attack your opponent you do it . 
  i 'm not sure that is really about religion so much as about dirty politics . 
  i do n't really understand your point ... ? 
  the majority of european countries do n't have gay marriage . 
  are you saying that the reason there is opposition in european countries is not because of religion but the opposition in us does come from religion ? 
  i mean i would completely agree that the opposition comes from religious figures in the us but ... where else would it come from ? 
  what other reason can someone possibly have for being against gay marriage ? 
  i also think you underestimate the amount of support among religious people in the us that are in favor of gay marriage . 
  the last poll shows that every region of the country except for the south ( west , midwest , and northeast ) is in favor of gay marriage and the south is evenly divided 48 % in favor , 48 % against . 
  that was in december of 2013 when public opinion in favor of gay marriage was 53 % . 
  the washington post/abc poll put the number at 59 % for earlier this year . 
  not to mention that in texas and utah there have been court rulings that legalize gay marriage ( that have been stayed ) . 
  the thing is i * can * imagine a southern state within the next few years , probably even sooner , legalizing gay marriage . 
  the opinion on this issue is changing incredibly fast here . 
  the mindset is different here when it comes to religion . 
  people think more about religion , they are more religious , they go to church more , they read the bible more , they care more about what is written in the bible , and i think we have more literalists than anywhere in europe ? 
  however , people tend to think that religion should not shape law . 
  i have my opinion on how to live my life but i 'm not going to push that lifestyle on you . 
  so it is different but i do n't think the idea that religious freedom in the united states is to allow people religious freedoms where in europe it is to prevent people from pushing their beliefs onto others . 
  both are necessary for secularism , you ca n't have secularism without one or the other . 
  to me it is n't one or the other and i do n't think that is really how americans see it . 
  the point is to not allow religion to push their beliefs on others as well as preventing the government from preventing people practicing their religious beliefs is what is commonly thought of as secularism . 
  if there was a law in france that required women to wear a religious veil or allowed abuse from family members if for religious reasons i would be very much against that as i am against all religious exceptions but i too take the other side just as seriously , making a law that directly goes after one group of people and cloaking it in security just reeks of authoritarianism . 
  we ca n't allow them this liberty because we are afraid they might be carrying a bomb . 
  what ? 
  to me that is just as bad as the nypd spying on muslims because they are muslim . 
  i know many people are afraid of terrorism and are afraid that their culture is being taken from them but turning your back on freedom of expression and freedom of religion does n't make sense to me . 
  i just do n't buy it . 
  i completely disagree with your view of how americans view religion . 
  the polls just do n't show that . 
  the majority of americans , even a majority of catholic americans , were in favor of the part of the affordable care act that states that insurance companies must provide birth control , the majority of americans , around seventy percent , believe that companies should not discriminate against homosexuals based on their religious beliefs , that 's true of conservatives as well . 
  i do n't see where your opinion actually comes across in the polling . 
  no i 'm saying , i do n't think the veil ban is secular in nature . 
  from wikipedia :  secularity ( adjective form secular , [ 1 ] from latin saecularis meaning `` worldly '' or `` temporal '' ) is the state of being separate from religion , or not being exclusively allied with or against any particular religion . 
  to me the veil ban is against religion for the sake of being against religion and therefore is not secular . 
  i disagree with it being aggressively secular . 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  to be secular is to be neutral in regards to religion , you ca n't be aggressively neutral . 
  americans are more open to having an atheist president now than they have been for the last century . 
  the majority of americans in the polls said they would vote for an atheist president . 
  there are also some countries that still have a monarchy where their head of state has to be a certain religion and ca n't marry someone of the catholic religion . 
  how secular is that ? 
  their population may have secular values in some ways but in others they are behind the times . 
  the veil ban is bullshit . 
  it 's blatantly going after a religious group rather than it 's stated purpose of being for security . 
  i guess you have a different definition of what is and is not secular because to me that is n't secular . 
  every president in the past century has spoken and endorsed secularism . 
  i do n't see how the fact that that speaking on their christianity , a few rogue teachers going against the constitution , or high religiosity among the population prevents us from being secular . 
  that does n't make any sense to me .
