  most americans consider themselves american in nationality and something else in ethnicity . 
  so i am an english and german american . 
  american being my nationality and english and german being my ethnicity ( well , i have a lot of other ethnicities but you get my point ) . 
  however , when speaking to each other we normally just drop off the american part because that is assumed . 
  it 's in the world news section of all the major newspapers . 
  i do n't watch news on tv though . 
  we say yerup not yerip . 
  well , i guess it depends on your accent . 
  oregon has a same-sex marriage constitutional ban but recognizes same sex marriages from other states/countries as valid , as well , but they also have civil unions . 
  edit : could n't find anymore, 
  why would the us want a divided europe ? 
  it would be better for business and trade if they were united and the us recognizes that . 
  that 's the reason the us is against the uk leaving the eu . 
  i meant english speaking ( as in people who speak english as their first language ) accents around the world vary considerably not british accents . 
  sorry for the confusion . 
  my point was that learning one accent is not going to stop you from communicating with others so it does n't really matter , you should just learn the one that you find easiest and makes most sense to you . 
  i agree with you . 
  i just think that your original comment was misleading when you said british english is more common . 
  it is n't more common in nations that have english as their native language . 
  also british english spelling may be more common overall but both spellings are mutually intelligible . 
  also , accents across the english speaking world vary considerably . 
  i do n't think you can say objectively that someone should learn one or the other it depends on the person and their circumstance . 
  racism can actually be based on ethnicity rather than race . 
  i do n't think what is being done to gib here is racism , just a difference in opinion concerning categorization , however you can be racist towards an ethnicity or nation . 
  you do n't need a monarch for that . 
  i 'd love to see the poll that states that americans visit the uk for the monarchy . 
  as an american i 'd highly doubt that . 
  edit : i 'd also be interested in any evidence whatsoever if finding a poll is deemed too difficult or not necessary . 
  the us has a larger population than australia , the u.k. , ireland and canada combined . 
  i did n't even know culture taxes existed . 
  i 'm glad i subscribed here , i 'm learning a lot more about europe than i thought i would . 
  i 'm guessing you are talking about values that surround purity as a big part of most religions not the beliefs of certain english protestants that lived in the 16th and 17th centuries that called themselves puritans . 
  using puritanism the way you used it seemed kind of odd to me . 
   mid-western flavor of american christianity catholics and lutherans ? 
  i think you are thinking of the methodists , baptists , evangelicals , and pentecostals in the south not the catholics and lutherans in the midwest . 
  i definitely think that 's partly true . 
  sensationalism on this topic in the news is atrocious . 
  was this born from a time when the north in europe was less wealthy ? 
  maybe because we do sue more often ? 
  i 'm not all that familiar with it tbh . 
  but i just googled do americans sue more often and there were a lot of forums discussing it . 
  i 'm not sure how accurate the information is there though so as with all things on the internet take it with a grain of salt . 
  something that i do n't think was mentioned on any of the forums though was that many companies are hurt by being sued so of course wish to make out the person suing as being negligent . 
  also some companies have bad policies but do n't change them because it would cost more if they did than being sued every once in a while for it . 
  the frontier pioneer thing is n't really a part of our culture anymore at least not in every area . 
  many americans see themselves as individualistic but i do n't think that is the real reason many oppose certain welfare or entitlement programs . 
  most of it comes from a history of racism and a feeling of superiority over blacks which eventually became taboo and shifted to a superiority over the guy just beneath you on the economic scale . 
  they shroud it in individualism but really it 's classism , mostly in the south . 
  the only place where you will see the frontiers thing is in appalachia and out west maybe in wyoming , montana , and the dakotas . 
  i think some of it comes from anti-catholicism as well . 
   protestant work ethic what do people say exactly ? 
  here southerners say that they are the hardworkers because they live in rural areas unlike northerners who work in the city where you just go sit at a desk . 
  i 've actually had this conversation on reddit discussing whether people that live in the city were lazy . 
  the person that i was arguing with was adamant that working in the city makes you lazy . 
  but again , it 's not just a north versus south thing but a city versus rural thing . 
  there 's always talk from them about how city folk/northerners take more welfare as well ( which is blatantly false ) and they associate people on welfare as lazy or they will say that they are irresponsible and just waste money without paying for it ( they were saying this about california when they had a big deficit ) . 
  how are the protestants in europe seen as more `` hardworking '' ? 
   any actual religious component is insignificant ; it 's just used in the same way that , say , the beer/wine divide is , or the former iron curtain , or hapsburg/ottoman , or any other simplified method of dividing the continent into easily understandable pieces . 
  completely agree with this . 
  that 's how i thought it was in europe but i was n't exactly sure . 
  i knew spain was catholic and they had gay marriage pretty early on . 
  is spain more progressive or is this just an oddity ? 
  right , the fact that protestants are all over the board politically adds to the point that i was making that saying catholics are more conservative than protestants is a misnomer . 
  i 'm not exactly sure i agree with you that the reason why methodists , baptists , and evangelicals are more conservative is because of the differences in the education of their ministers . 
  well , not * entirely * . 
  like i said before catholics in the us tend to live in more liberal areas and protestants tend to live in more rural , more conservative areas ( protestants coming over for land and catholics coming over for jobs ) . 
  i think part of it does have to do with education but i think the reason education is valued moreso in that way is because of the areas in which they live putting aside what the pope says or what their individual churches say/teach . 
  i thought you were trying to argue that latinos were more traditional because they were catholic rather than protestant which just is n't true . 
  first of all , let 's dispel some myths . 
  the first myth is that all latino americans are catholic . 
  in fact 23 percent of hispanic americans are protestant . 
  another myth is that minorities are more socially conservative . 
  on some issues ( gay marriage and abortion ) that is true but on others such as immigration , the death penalty , and the legalization of drugs that is not true , not to mention economic issues . 
  so it definitely is not a clear cut thing . 
  now , white catholics are more likely to vote democrat , the more liberal party , than white protestants ( they are also more likely to be in favor of gay marriage , legalization of abortion , legalization of drugs , abolition of the death penalty , lenient immigration policy , and pretty much every social and economic issue out there ) . 
  latino catholics are more likely to be liberal than latino protestant on all the issues mentioned above as well . 
  i would posit that the reason that latinos are more conservative on issues such as gay marriage and abortion is not because of their catholicism but rather on a larger reliance on religion in general and a more traditional family outlook . 
  i will assure you though that catholics within each ethnic group are more liberal than the protestants as a whole . 
  though i will also make note of the liberal protestant groups , though small in number , such as the quakers and the universal unitarians . 
  lutherans are pretty middle of the road . 
  the largest protestant denomination are southern baptists however , not exactly the most liberal of denominations , followed by methodists , church of god , and national baptist convention . 
  american here . 
  no we do not kiss friends on the mouth . 
  what ? 
  you hug your friends , maybe kiss them on the cheek but you do n't kiss them on the mouth ... that is pretty weird . 
  i think latino americans are much more touchy feely though so maybe they do ? 
  i do n't think there is a big difference between the south and north on this , either . 
  we are however much louder and invasive than northern europeans but southern europeans got us beat on both accounts me thinks . 
  i 'm guessing cities have a liberalizing effect to some extent as well . 
  i agree with you that the level of religiosity plays some role on the other hand i know the u.s. is very religious but is more progressive than some countries that are n't so it 's not the sole factor . 
  its not a universal thing . 
  catholics in the us tend to be more liberal than their protestant counterparts because they are more concentrated in cities and northern states . 
  in europe it 's the other way around ? 
  i have no idea what happened in belgium . 
  i was just correcting xerus on his misunderstanding on the potential shutdown that could have happened in the us . 
  the us passed a budget a few days before it would have shutdown so it was an almost shutdown . 
  i 'm not exactly sure why i got downvoted . 
  the us government never shut down . 
  it stopped some of its services that were not vital until it was capable of passing a budget . 
  you edited it .
