  that was really confusing as the idea just sounded really foreign to me . 
  what do you mean by natural ? 
  do you mean national ? 
  oh , different definition , gotcha . 
  what 's the service sector ? 
  for some reason the first thing that comes to my mind are janitors and lawn mowers ... 
  so you are trying to get banned here ? 
  i was taught a central american version ... right ? 
  that is the one without you plural ? 
  i do n't even know . 
  right , i know that . 
  i live outside continental europe . 
  i do n't really see the point of him saying anything about it . 
  your reply to me is irrelevant to the conversation at hand . 
  if you just get it done and over with then it will never distract you again . 
  it 's 100,000 silly . 
  or were you just trolling ? 
  i can never tell . 
  no they ( italians , irish , polish ) brought catholicism that would allow the pope to take over america . 
   it 's sad but people actually believed this . 
  that is on the federal level . 
  different states choose their judges for their state courts differently . 
   selection of state court judges how state court judges are selected varies by state . 
  states choose judges in any of the following ways : appointment : the state 's governor or legislature will choose their judges . 
  merit selection : judges are chosen by a legislative committee based on each potential judge 's past performance . 
  some states hold `` retention elections '' to determine if the judge should continue to serve . 
  partisan elections : judges selected through partisan elections are voted in by the electorate , and often run as part of a political party 's slate of candidates . 
  non-partisan elections : potential judges that run for a judicial position in states with non-partisan elections put their names on the ballot , but do not list their party affiliates . 
  terms for judges in non-partisan elections can range between 6 and 10 years . 
  the us does it on tuesday . 
  i think we should have it on more than one day like india does , i believe they have polls open for a week , and have early voting for every state ( each state has different rules on this which can make it complicated ) . 
   just in case you did n't know , blasphemy is n't a crime anymore in many european country , and even in some american states . 
  blasphemy is n't a crime in any american state . 
  banning blasphemy would be unconstitutional . 
  this guy does n't know what the fuck he is talking about . 
  allowing people to say whatever the fuck they want is a cornerstone of american democracy and is the first part of the first amendment to the u.s. constitution . 
  nor is hispanic , i suppose . 
  i guess i conflated race and ethnicity . 
  nonetheless , europe 's racial makeup is not going to be like detroit 's anytime soon . 
  that was my point . 
  detroit is 82 % black . 
  no way in hell will europe have that much sub-saharan african immigration . 
  nor will those immigrants have 10-20 % european ancestry before they even come . 
  it 's stupid to compare . 
  i did n't realize that europe were getting so many african american migrants . 
  do you think europe is gon na be around 7 % hispanic as well ? 
  in english , dick is also a slang term for penis . 
  it comes from the name richard , which means hard ( or powerful ) leader . 
  but you go back home over the summer ... i went to college and took out loans/worked but i did n't consider myself moved out . 
  i do n't think it should count unless you do n't go back over the summer or breaks . 
   well , at least for my community there we 're no universities close so if you wanted to go to college you left home do they count that ? 
  if your parents are paying the bills , which they probably are if you are living in a dorm , and then you come home for breaks and summer , i would n't really count that as moved out . 
  it 's like boarding school for at least the first two years . 
  nah , not right when you become an adult . 
  i would say most are encouraged to go to college and then get a job and then leave . 
  i think the age to move out is getting older especially with the recession and everything . 
  it 's probably like 23-26 years old . 
  it originated with the germans actually . 
  here 's a list : http://m.ranker.com/list/top-10-anti-gay-activists-caught-being-gay/joanne, 
  if someone asks i presume they are interested and i will tell them , but i do n't think i have ever been asked tbh . 
  what you just said is not the same thing as i do n't know . 
  you do know at least a little bit . 
  i know my ancestry down to the percentage point . 
  i know where my ancestors came from , when they came over , where they lived , where they moved to , etc. 
  but my family does n't have many traditions nor do i identify with my european ancestry all that much . 
  i just love knowing who my ancestors were . 
  you worded it strangely ... i think it is kind of odd that you do n't know where your ancestors are from . 
  i would think you would at least know from your last name . 
  where you are from or where your ancestors are from ? 
  because if you do n't know where you are from that 's kind of odd . 
   1/2 english most white americans are n't more than a quarter anything , tbh . 
  they are more likely to say they are 1/16th english , an 1/8th irish , an 1/8th german , maybe quarter italian , polish , or scandinavian depending on what part of the country you are from . 
  or if you are from the south you would just say you are an american . 
  in the south it does . 
  the areas with better soil quality had larger plantations that could afford more slaves from west africa . 
  the descendants of those slaves live now in those same areas and are politically opposed to other southerners on a number of issues and tend to vote for the democratic party where most other southerners tend to vote for the republican party . 
  therefore better soil quality is correlated with voting for the democratic party in the southern u.s. 
  i think they do that because there are people who seem a little to eager to start a war with iran . 
   i would n't - iran has beautiful people , culture , and geography , but their current government is an autocratic theocracy and is one of the most consistent violators of human rights today because saudi arabia is n't an autocratic theocracy ? 
  saudi arabia also punishes sodomy with the death penalty and in both saudi arabia and iran sex outside of marriage is illegal . 
  saying one is better than the other is n't saying much . 
  people on reddit like to harp more on saudi arabia than iran because they want to point out the hypocrisy many in the west have when they list the human rights violations that iran does but ignores those done by saudi arabia because they are an ally . 
  i think it does become too much when people talk well of iran . 
  there 's not much there in the way of human rights to praise . 
  it 's a complicated issue . 
  i 've been reading reports on some defectors being held by chinese authorities but not sent back , some being released to south korea , and a good portion getting married to chinese and living out their life in china . 
  the border is still a dangerous crossing . 
  there has been an increase of security at the border because of a north korean military person crossing the border for food who killed two chinese persons . 
  china changed their policy recently . 
  they no longer arrest north korean refugees and send them back , thankfully . 
  but ... but ... eh , fuck it . 
  i 'm too tired to have this conversation . 
  wtf ? 
  no it 's not . 
  it has a secular constitution , it has nothing to do with atheism . 
  regardless of whether you think obama was in the right or the wrong , i hope you can at least understand where he was coming from and how the situation was different than the one that is being described in the article which is not necessarily even going to take place . 
  the speaker of the house does n't normally deal with foreign policy/diplomacy , that is the job of the executive branch of the government . 
  the prime minister was running for office at the time he spoke to congress , he was looking for donations for his campaign . 
  it was incredibly inappropriate for the u.s. congress to get involved in another country 's election . 
  not to mention he was not asked to speak to congress by obama or his administration but by the speaker of the house .
