* feels in geto-dacian ancestry *, 
  we 're going to miss them too . 
  such is life . 
  i swear i know where that comes from , but i ca n't remember . 
  yep it is . 
  calm your mammary glands luigi . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with that statement . 
  why wouls they not want to attract talent ? 
  y' all have the `` class fund '' too ? 
  do you also have to buy coffee and chocolate for female teachers ? 
  she 's obviously talking about liberating the oppressed proletariat and seizing the means of production for the people . 
  that 's a weird name for lygos, 
  what the hell . 
  how tho ? 
  i 've no knowledge of economics whatsoever . 
  at least tell me what to google b0ss, 
  but why though . 
  we iz goin with the otherz to make a new union !, 
  with sarmale and vodka . 
  actually , forget the union !, 
   romania , bulgaria and croatia working on joining they can work with us . 
  should be fun . 
  eh , they can always join the eastern europe club as an honorary member . 
  high quality response . 
  what do you mean you 're not going to waste some time of your day typing an answer to someone on reddit ?!, 
  it 's [ current year ] !, 
  how is the system not working ? 
  are n't the poor fucked over regardless ? 
   german numerus clausus refugees wot dis, 
  but how though ? 
  genuine question , since you often see people around here or on 4chan ( sometines not the best place to ask serious questions ) saying that the american system is better than the european ones . 
  i 'm going to slip pills of an actually good language in your frappes if you do n't stop this giannis . 
  even better . 
  second merchant republic of novgorod when, 
  and the bigger one gets dismembered . 
  i 'm glad i 'm an only child . 
  pretty much . 
   you want to make the state be in charge of pricing ? 
  * comrade intensifies *, 
   $ 2 jesus crispy you 're rich or something ? 
  sounds like poopsies . 
  were you the same country ? 
   igen get sarmale 'd also i wondered how did austria got a little eastern clay , since i was used to the old borders where she had vienna plopped pretty close to the border . 
   tmw your gf 's parents are n't at home, 
   spongy ball inside to keep the foam my disgust has reached almond-activating levels . 
   fail another university test  fail another should 've jumped ship the second that happened juan . 
   time warner explain . 
  the first thing that came to my mind while reading your post is that you identify as german housemaking . 
  and guns . 
  i swear that rednecks will try to make a sandwich out of bibles and shotguns if you let them starve . 
  trianon r i a n o n, 
  why is it always that  a  fucking  leaf has the best bantz ? 
  jesus christ you 're preparing for the day of the rake quite well . 
   if when * there 's no stopping the sarmale train, 
  janusz asking the real question here . 
  positively rekt, 
   chews gum for more that 5 minutes see janos , that 's why we call you mongols . 
  oh puh lease we 've surpassed croatia like a few weeks back . 
  going for the latvian dream now . 
   teleorman uai iu insalt mai houm : c, 
  i remember someone bringing a really rare drug and trying to sell it , but failing because people did n't know what it was . 
  should 've brought home alone cds, 
  so the one that starts with a is the most most important ? 
  absolutely not ordnung . 
   deporting  sending us your own citizens pick up a dictionary jean . 
  with how much donaldo was talking about it one would think you 'd know . 
   the untouchables that 's still a thing ? 
   antiziganism ... do you pronounce that like a dirty / s / - pleb or true / ts / - master race ? 
   british plebs can we please do n't call each other names ? 
  it 's just as petty . 
  damn . 
  some deep shit here . 
   albeni so that 's where they come from . 
  first kek , now albeni . 
  damnit yusuf , you deliver . 
  is this latvian philosophy ? 
  i need to lay down . 
  after eating a potato . 
  a raw one . 
  just because i can . 
  need coffee to escape the misery of existing ? 
  wot . 
  how . 
  username checks out . 
  oh you sweet summer child . 
  that 's part 2 . 
  they could always just not give them open borders . 
  romania , croatia . 
  ireland and bulgaria are n't in schengen , might as well have another one in the party, 
   janusz is that the john of poland ? 
  i 'd let it lick me . 
  yep . 
  i wonder he would have squated if he could . 
  fuck no i 'm not drunk enough for that . 
  username checks out , i guess . 
  * tovarisch intensifies *, 
   he thinks / pol / is satire that one was pretty serious tho . 
  he was angry bout the whole everything . 
  it was someone from brazil if you 're curious . 
  the dutch chose their future .
