  i use it because some of my friends use only facebook for messaging . 
  does i into edge too b0ss ? 
   mlp oh no it 's gone political, 
  the yellow thing might be cornmush . 
  pleasant bread substitute . 
  edgy, 
  jan pavel lives on in vilnius ? 
  more like dr. osterreich 's butthurt ointment . 
  you got another green shirt shaggy ? 
   constantinople it 's istanbul ( not konstantiniyye ( not constantinople ( not carigrad ( neither tsargorod ( nor byzantium ( or miklagardhr ( or byzantion ( and definitely not lygos ( but it might be konstantinopel in the future who knows ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ), 
   / s no / s needed . 
  such is life . 
  if we 're still close enough , then they could probably subsist off sunflower seeds and hot dogs like people do here . 
  i 'm going to put mayo on it . 
   bzw by ze way ? 
  we recycled a bunch of american bibles for tp . 
  what did your country do ? 
  once you go black , you never go back . 
  the bread on the left never knew his father was a such a good farmer . 
  komrade the revolution never endsssssssssssss, 
   communist party  still a thing  15 % voters we reject free enterprise , and once again , the left will rise !, 
  prepare the flags to be unfurled , cause we 're seceding from the world !, 
  actually , he has a point . 
  while definitely not a regular thing , i make it a point to buy foreign soda everytime we pass by an auchan . 
  i still have a can of pepsi in hebrew . 
   mountain dew you 're dead to me . 
   dr. oetker oh boy lumpy pudding yum yum, 
  was n't that uncle sam 's thing ? 
  u absolutely wot m8, 
   understand english nothing wrong with that . 
  but do n't claim to speak it . 
  i think that 's a thing everywhere . 
  like , i went to spain during new year , and people were really comfortable speaking to me in spanish that i could only understand because muh mutual intelligibility . 
  i asked something in english , and got a response in spanish . 
  no qualms about it too . 
  i really liked how relaxed they were though . 
  my aunt travelled a bit around norway and complained a lot about no one speaking english . 
  point is , you 'll go somewhere , be told they speak english , and be surprised that they do n't . 
  heck , here people can only stammer a heavily accented sentence if you ask them something . 
  i remeber there was a report on tv about skiing stations in asstria . 
  they interviewed someone who owned a cabin . 
  that conversation made my day . 
   is very nice place you got here . 
  did it cost a lot ? 
   yes , but i , uh , i marry , uh , very rich , err , i marry very rich woman and she help me ~ ~ xico ~ ~ pay for it . 
  all while gesturing like angry italians in sicilly arguing about whose mother cooks better . 
  does this come off as a rant ? 
  i hope it does n't . 
   shill drop by / pol / . 
  they never really invent new stuff . 
  i 've been called a shitskinned poo in loo gypsy more times than i care to count . 
  did your text run out of breath ? 
   noo checks out . 
  you obviously would eat it with ketchup . 
   ba/be mfw a language flirts with me ^ no ? ^ nothing ? ^ i 'll ^ fuck ^ off ^ then, 
  it 's more like dutch . 
  or what happens when a 5 year old german with a sore throat tries to text in english . 
  this guy speaks like science . 
  so that was british . 
  comrade , i suspect you might be an eastern spy . 
  please report to the local pcr office immediately . 
  do you not trust the comrades within the party ? 
  please report to 123 not gulag street for reeducation . 
  bring wife and daughter . 
  can any elf shed some vegan light on this ? 
  absolutely fabulous . 
  estonia can into northern , but can not into nordic . 
  * rich western spies, 
  actually no . 
  never seen or heard about one . 
  i should travel more . 
  nope !, 
  i honestly ca n't remember anyone having a name ending like that . 
  is it common in moldova ? 
  `` you thought i was just a normal european , but it was i , moldova ! '', 
  please tell me that was what was going through your head . 
  not really . 
  i think it was gradually phased out . 
  point is , you wo n't find any - vici here . 
  i might be wrong though . 
  teslaescu or teslaevici , depending on the time period . 
  have you ever heard russian pronounciation ? 
  i think he 's an eastern spy . 
  thanks . 
  never too late to invade russia . 
   dubbed  in hungarian i 'm sorry for you . 
  that sounds oddly adorable . 
  i remember that there was a president that tried to order nuclear strikes on comrade ussr ( i think ) while drunk . 
  would have made a fine brit . 
  too bad the usa ai n't a british colony . 
  here 's a smile for your day  . 
  it means `` it stinks '' here . 
   a culture center in a small village in eastern poland not sure if quality meme or eastern europe in general . 
  i kinda agree with him . 
  a loan is expected to be repaid by the money it helps the receiver make . 
  schmetterling, 
  back in muh day , we wuz going to da real thing , not some fake `` vee arr '' sheet . 
  is the `` hit swedes with a stick if they try to cross the sea while its frozen '' still a thing ? 
  mfw blin is actually a word . 
  that sounds hardcore .
