  i never got it . 
  why is yaoi so prevalent among female weebs . 
  just why . 
  like , shove it wherever but still . 
  maybe i 'm browsing boipucci threads too much . 
  tbh some non slav words were also purged . 
  like `` muiere '' used to mean woman but it was replaced by `` femeie '' . 
  heck , i did n't know what it meant until i was 14 because i was too shy to ask but too dumb to google or look it up in a dex . 
  i thought we were the honorary slavic language ; - ;, 
  for some reason this sounds adorable . 
  carry on . 
   be romania  all your brothers egg you for not being an empire n shit  pretty much the neet of the family  never have to lose much ( sorry moldova )  never be the end of a normie joke  never have to deal with people slowly replacing your culture with that of your colonial children  only one with mama 's looks for some reason feels comfy man . 
  western europe usually refers to non-former-communistates . 
  so yeah . 
  greece is western afaik . 
   this guy searches for boipucci outside of 4chan like seriously there are so many trap threads on / b / it 's disgusting . 
  c'mon heretic serbia , stagnate a bit more . 
  sorry bulgaria , it 's only business . 
  if people want to take measures , then they could just not buy anything . 
  it 's capitalism . 
  deal with it . 
  uh ... yeah ? 
  i do . 
  i 'd let you borrow my wood anyday bby ; 3 i ca n't be arsed to chop it . 
  it 's still a tree . 
  byzantine fee-fees, 
  do like the rest of us and drown your sorrow in whatever you want . 
  as long as it 's cheap . 
  rectangulachia . 
  napoleon looks like he does n't give a fuck . 
  absolutely fabulous . 
  almonds . 
  nutty , deactivated almonds . 
  just put your birthdate . 
  should n't fail . 
  yes . 
  my almonds and my condor have helped me get through life . 
  tbh i prefer the cyrrilic alphabet over the latin one since it has a soft sign to mark palatalisation . 
  it pleases my almonds . 
  it was a joke about the hungarians are mongols meme but that work too . 
  no hungary , you 're a bit further east . 
   turkish mayor , calling pope to convert to islam . 
  that 's on another level . 
  real or not , my sides have transcended reality . 
  source plz, 
  do n't give him claims on greece . 
  honestly do n't know . 
  but the fact that it pushed for ideas such as an eu army shows that it 's pro-eu . 
  heck , i 'm pro-eu myself and you can see it . 
  yeah , the karma itself is worthless , but reddit 's algorithm prevents you from posting too often if it 's too low . 
  also comments are hidden if they get downvoted enough . 
  tbh american english was much easier to learn than british . 
  i ca n't speak like a brit without sounding like an absolute wanker . 
   argues both sides this video is really biased tho . 
   roads what is this thing ? 
  can i sell it ? 
   no offense  hungarians should be all dragged into a chamber and gassed  no  offense wew lad, 
  ... hating on hungarians is still a thing ? 
  i live in the asscrack of teleormemes and you wo n't get much more than `` i hate at you the romanians '' jokes . 
  so they 're lesstonia ? 
  ayo hol up so you be sayan we need a final solution for the polish question ? 
  that 's kinda affordable by romanian standards . 
  it seems ok since portugal is poor but not eastern europe poor . 
  no smash the gendernormtriarchy, 
  nice , thanks . 
  is czechia a nice place to move to ? 
  i want to shuffle around europe a bit, 
  tengri is pleased, 
  you 'd know best . 
  one could say it runs in the family : ^ ), 
  oh please try to live within the vicinity of albania, 
  even better, 
  im offering you hungarian weapons of self desztruktion and im already taking a huge risk, 
  how is the eu and nato terrorist, 
  mcdicks, 
  i think hungary beats them at losing clay, 
   you ca n't have neets if they kill themselves blackguypointingtohishead.jpg, 
  y' know i think that when it comes to fetishes , germans are the most efficient . 
   emu priorities, 
   russia  anything beside pain and suffering gianni plx russian serfs were starving and were treated like absolute garbage , not to mention literacy rate among them was close to zero . 
  i am honestly so glad the russian empire collapsed , it was truly a hell for people, 
  this activates my almonds, 
  wait , why are they included with the citizens ? 
  ca n'tyou just collect data separately for mexican 's , and spread the mortality rate as propaganda ? 
  that would disocurage women to cross i guess, 
  komrade , do n't let estoniano fool you !, 
  kuarter potat is western propaganda for attrakt preshus latvian komrades out of latvia !, 
   english  human source ? 
  why are countryside people terrified of refugees ? 
  i can understand not liking them and wanting them out of the country but terrified seems weird . 
  the latin language had no word for no . 
  kinda like modern chinese or irish . 
  you 'd just repeat the verb : - you ate ? 
  or say something like `` that 's correct '' . 
  latin did n't have a word for yes . 
  it was very handy and understood by all of our non-t * rks in the area . 
  abdulescu sounds more natural alternatively abdulahovici . 
  roman britannia only had england and wales . 
  weve done that in the 19th century, 
  how can `` too low inflation '' be a problem ?
