  romania . 
  do n't worry , the newly crowned `` king of all gypsies '' has declared that his kinsmen should take the education of their children very seriously . 
  eh , brits shat on their country enough that people started thinking they actually hate it . 
  nobody would give a damn if you were from eastern europe , since it 's pretty standard here . 
  except you 're western . 
  would you be interested in joining europeanshitholesanonymous ? 
  hello there liechtensteinicorn . 
  so how are the elections going ? 
  anyone you 're rooting for ? 
  seems like serbia might get its shit together . 
  gut enough . 
  get it ? 
  i 've always wondered how a german dad joke would sound like . 
  where 's a keksimus maximus when you need it ? 
  do n't taunt the ostrich when world tension is slightly higher . 
  they have n't sent someone west yet . 
  if someone dressed up as mickey mouse and raped you , you would n't look at those cartoons the same way . 
  sorry for the weird analogy , but that 's the first thing i thought of . 
   here romanians are mostly seen as smart students and it workers lol, 
  true orthodox hristians that 's who !, 
  that 's padishah recep tayyip erdoganoglu for you !, 
   only 3 decades mfw we 're better at having shit roads . 
  thanks m9, 
  huh . 
   `` blietzkrieg '' oh mother russia ... 
  if anyone 's curious , throwing money is actually the worst possible solution . 
  in my town alone we have several families who run around with money from 15 children ( yes we counted ) and jobless support . 
  i hope to god that it does n't become profitable . 
  we 're still poor . 
  ( plz be from the shit part ), 
  plot twist : we 're intentionally going to shit . 
  yay . 
  should have guessed . 
  ... why are they degenerates ? 
  now you 've made me curious . 
  actually y' all are kinky bastards . 
  never change . 
  sweden , we need to talk . 
  can confirm , it 's always the fault of those paprika munching , boiler selling , transylvania losing , k\u00fcrt\u0151skal\u00e1cs caravan hauling , and now ice cracking , magyars . 
  how ? 
  the ron is also pretty shit but i think it 's because we 're a poor country . 
  but does poland get away with calling the vatican `` waty '' ? 
  how the hell is this possible ? 
  is this some nippon-injiniringu that no one knows about ? 
  this kinda reminds me of that time when someone from worst korea posted his school schedule . 
  something something 7:30 am to 12:30 pm, 
  how 'd they fuck up ? 
  not enough kebab ? ^ plznoh8rino, 
  i prefer a heretic/xenos blood-bathed dreadnought power-claw . 
   from dedushka moroz himself !, 
  [ i would n't trust that guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvyrumooheq ), 
  ayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy, 
  have you eaten one of those ? 
  can you describe it ? 
  i need it for research . 
   no `` blyat '' i think there 's something you 're not telling us comrade . 
  semi-presidential master race confirmed, 
   geography worked against the us ftfy, 
  to be fair , they 're right . 
  the latest update renamed the golden horde to great horde . 
  golden horde is now formable with custom ideas and shit . 
  it also has that really nice orange infected piss color . 
  found the eastern spy ? 
  now watch , and learn , here 's the plan : he 'll slip and fall , just liike jerusalem !, 
  i guess the chopped-tree-o-map was useful for something . 
  oi tink ye meant render it norn iron, 
  they even have post number . 
  that 's ivchanum right there . 
  is it really that bad ? 
  ah crap . 
  we do n't have bulgaria to look down upon . 
  shit . 
  so how are moldova 's eu accesion talks ? 
  add an / s , someone might take it seriously . 
  i 've learned not to trust this site . 
  arso hao dale u srandel groliyus grolius readel, 
  surprisingly neutral romania . 
  there have been some recent protests though . 
  swedish empire best empire, 
  i lol 'd so hard . 
  at least you wo n't have to get used to anything when you visit . 
  i guess muscovy drove the tatars back way too much . 
  it ai n't . 
  this got reported on tv and they showed us how it works . 
  the one time i 'm glad we 're not in schengen . 
  although shipping them to hungary would have been a harsher punishment . 
  i take out my ss hat and coat ... 
  hey kid i know a dude that knows a dude that works in the government . 
  i 've got them connections . 
  with a lil monetary encouragement i could convince him to be responsive to monetary encouragement . 
  what do you say ? 
  5000 lei best deal . 
  time to make the shooty bang self brit ? 
  i thought shitting on kinda-below-average britain was a running joke or something . 
  huh . 
  yay !, 
  now journalists will have to regularly check on classes to make sure the teachers actually respect the laws . 
  brits and romanians are natural enemies !, 
  like magyars and romanians !, 
  or turks and romanians !,
