   i want you fucking toothpastes to give pic related a good deep look . 
  this is the future of your non-country . 
  and you deserve all of this . 
   your woman will choke on the muslim cock . 
  your men will be dragged around the streets and killed with swords . 
  the most miserable guetto in somalia will look like paradise compared to what amsterdam will be in 20 years . 
  you 'll cry desperate for help and the eu from their tower of babylon will pee on you . 
   i thereby let / pol / know that i am chanelling all my remaining meme magic ( what was n't wasted on this pathetic excuse of a nation ) to cast a curse on the netherlands . 
   the fucking toothpaste wo n't get away with this . 
  day of the brush when ? 
  / pol / is angrier than ever . 
  the bantz are real desu, 
  w e w l a d e w l a d, 
  i love how all of hungary 's former subjects are now greater than her at buying shit . 
   better than hungary i 'm content . 
  what arthur character is that b0ss . 
  also how did you do the getty get of it . 
  i need a chicken tendies flair to affirm my allegiance . 
  * everything outside the balkans . 
  ** sometimes even inside . 
  have you tried understanding what they say up scotland 's or norn iron 's asscrack mate ? 
  good luck with that . 
  bulgarian yogurt  that bleached water you call yoghurt . 
  you 've just made an enemy for life . 
  the fuck 's a belgium ? 
  big black suvs ; 3, 
  wait , what does austria have to do with all of this ? 
   30g of testosterone but ... how ? 
  i 'm sorry hans , but i think you should go back to drinking that beer you call water . 
  i need to rest . 
  a tip of the fedora . 
  now i have to return it . 
  but if you give me a bodyguard named `` lube '' ... 
  such is life in the european subreddit bloc . 
  [ mathematically proven !, 
  ] ( https://i.redd.it/ytqhaxm7fwiy.png ), 
  thanks ~ ~ obama ~ ~ italy . 
  username kinda checks out . 
  can i use it b0ss ? 
  i call her don . 
  no money , no pay gap . 
  life is such . 
  yes . 
  perspective m8 . 
  on an 8hour workday , that 's 12 $ . 
  which means roughly 240 $ / month . 
  which is above minimum wage here , last i checked . 
  true dat . 
  i think you just pissed off the sven-mind . 
   b y z a n t i n e e m p i r e name placement goals . 
   china does n't china have a surplus of males ? 
  damn , that must really drive up the waifu hunting competition . 
  assuming you 're in the same shitter as us , why the fuck would you hire a 50-year old security guard when high-school dropouts are much better and have much more fighting experience ? 
   18  average damn . 
  let 's just think about that . 
  `` do you like ikea ? '', 
   yes , and i 'll change my name to sven  i 'm danish, 
   j' pense ah reckon, 
   people protest about anything here . 
  wait , was n't that a meme ? 
   a piece of news that his wife had committed suicide and that supposedly started to spread a few days ago jean , what the fucking fuck . 
  m8 , oi swer , if communistov did n't shot himself in the everything , someone else would have . 
  they have the same rights too !, 
  is this the hipster version of `` in soviet russia '' ? 
  faux cyrrilyc triggers my communinstinct . 
  plz no, 
  shitting on one 's country seems to be a pastime all over the world . 
  and holy shit is it visible . 
  like , fuck . 
  even on 4chan you have to roam around a little until you find memes . 
  ... means dick in romanian, 
  we call it england because of habit . 
  beat that . 
  i thought that was romania 's thing . 
  apparently it runs in the family . 
  explain . 
   15 % tbh i heard that it 's somewhere around 20-30 % . 
  i got bumped down from roughly more than 40 % when we frenchified ourselves . 
  i thought it would be katyusha in hebrew . 
  no it ai n't ^ tovaras, 
  oh yeah i remember some hungarianon mentioning a law about keeping students in for every year the state paid their education . 
  is that still a thing ? 
  it 's getting debated here but i 'm not really up to date . 
  somewhere , i feel that you just made an enemy for life . 
   doitsu ekchooly it 's from duits in dutch . 
  we call the country germania but the people nemti . 
  send helb . 
  are the names up to preference or are those only proposed alternative name ? 
  alternative names . 
  poor zhongguo . 
  he only wanted to bronounce . 
  to be honest , the most interesting part about japanese is the pronoun system . 
  we have a polite pronoun too , but we do n't conjugate verbs speciffically for it , instead using the plural you conjugation . 
  in rest , not much . 
  maybe the massive amount of english loanwords and the seemingly heavier use of onomatopeia . 
  so what 's today 's cheese ? 
  luxembourg world conquest ? 
  i swear , the eu is that one girl that friendzones someone hard while still saying `` maybe one day '' . 
  move on yusuf , ffs . 
  i 'll have 2 number 9s , a number 9 large , number 6 with extra dip , number 7 , 2 number 45s , one with cheese , an a large soda .
