  please , be gentle . 
  no spqr flag around . 
  more dissappointing than the intelligence of the welshmen when they invited the anglo-saxons . 
  that was n't the only hole in his behind . 
  is byzantium ( not lygos ) , dare i say , / ourcity / ? 
  i tried to transcribe it . 
   your excellency ,  as honorary president of the world union `` 0ze '' i beg to apply to your excellency to allow fourty professors and doctors from germany to continue their scientific and medical work in turkey . 
  the above mentioned can not practise further in germany on account of the laws governing there now . 
  the majority of these men posess vast experience , knowledge and scientific merits and could prove very useful when settling in a new country . 
   out of a great number of applicants our union has choosen fourty experienced specialists and prominent scholars , and is herewith applying to your excellency to permit these men to settle and practise in your country . 
  these scientists are willing to work for a year without any renumeration in any of your institutions , according to the orders of your government . 
   in supporting this application , i take the liberty to express my hope , that in granting this request your government will not only perform an act of high humanity , but will also bring profits to your country . 
   i have the honour to be ,  your excellency 's obedient servant ,  ~ ~ roger a muirebe ~ ~ professor albert einstein  his excellency  the president of the cabinet of ministere  of the turkish republic, 
  hungary 's on the shitlist . 
  what more do you need ? 
  what a nice diaresis you have there johann . 
   greek i i think you meant `` russian u 's '' . 
  the phrasing fudges it for me . 
  like , i understood that the reason israel is a dictatorship is not because of her neighbors . 
  sorry if i caused confusion . 
  israel is a dictatorship ? 
  made my day . 
  i knew it . 
  i fucking knew it . 
  let me get my physycs textbook . 
  i thought it was a greenland thing . 
  this . 
  if ~ ~ the workers of the world ~ ~ europe united , it 'd be only a giant shitshow . 
   t. ovarish, 
  ... brandenburgers ? ^ i 'll ^ show ^ myself ^ out, 
  i do n't want to look like a [ chinese dynasty off-shoot ] ( http://archive.artsmia.org/art-of-asia/history/ming-dynasty-map.cfm ), 
  fine , how about all the balkans minus greece plus moldova and hungary ? 
  bonus points for pretty borders . 
   moldova you 're thinking too small . 
  nanananana , we 're going for the balkans . 
   vatican saying cremation is a no-no i kek 'd in orthodox, 
   corn and mayo i like ketchup with pizza , but even i have my limits . 
  damnit janos , i have to puke now . 
  much greater romania when, 
   colour tv back in muh day , we dindu have all dat fancy shmancy `` smart '' tv like ye ungrateful youth !, 
  we had to suffice with an ugly monochrome tv that could n't even display the image semi-propah !, 
  it looked like 2 lines !, 
  wan na know why it looked like 2 lines ? 
  cause it be smaller than my eye , kid !, 
  we could only watch on saturday , and we could n't actually watch it , cause watching tv was a thing only rich bastards did , we had to listen to it !, 
  but we watched , kid , we watched with dedication !, 
  we could recite the communist announcements out of memory , on command , forward and backwards !, 
  i ca n't wait to be a grandpa . 
  h\u00f8n h\u00f8n h\u00f8n, 
  ~ ~ i say we disperse the land evenly among comrades ~ ~ wrong millenium . 
  i just realized i vented a lot here . 
  probably not the proper place to do so , but i want to let it out somewhere . 
  yeah , i 'll give you that . 
  our chemistry teacher is a goddamn doormat that does n't teach us jack shit but still expects us to learn . 
  our biology teacher comes in , drones for 45 minutes and gives us home work that she does n't check . 
  but the worst offender was my math teacher . 
  she was the kind of absolute bitch that only took out one kid out at the blackboard ( which she bitched at relentlessly ) , never actually taught anything efficiently ( we had a really slow kid that could n't multiply until well into the 8th grade . 
  ) , screamed her lungs out then complained that we were killing her , forced us to participate in a lot of contests in which none of us really wanted to be in ( but we went anyways because our parents forced us ) , forced to buy a lot of exercise books ( and i mean like 4-5 / year , my backpack weighed around 5-7 kilograms ( there have been news reports about this ) ) . 
  even better , anyone that actually wanted to learn had to take private lessons with her ( which evidently no one wanted to , but we were forced to ) . 
  she was also our homeroom teacher . 
  do you guys have a system like ours where a teacher is assigned to your class and is supposed to organise schooltrips that never happen and try to bleed as much money from your parents as possible because `` muh class fund '' ? 
  but the worst part came when she allowed the kids sitting in the bench behind a troublemaker to hit him whenever he tried to talk during hours ( i agree that you should n't disturb class , but they broke 2 rulers on his head ) . 
  the biggest fuck you is that the kid being punished was actually really smart , but only wanted attention . 
  like , he hovered between 9 and 10 during the first semester , but gave up and returned to 5 after a while . 
  fuck i feel relieved . 
  i think it can be applied everywhere . 
  the problem here is that the old generation did n't really have a lot of places after highschool afaik , and the new generation does n't give a shit about learning . 
  got ta put those facebook selfies with a lot of filters and poems in mispelled english though . 
  like fuck , in my class there are like 4-5 kids actually interested in learning out of 26 ( we were originally 28 but 2 transferred because it was too hard ) . 
  and we 're in the advanced classes goddamnit . 
  even the teachers complain that they have a hard time teaching anything because they 'd neglect one group . 
  but the eu would end up with uncle sam breathing down its neck . 
  not fun . 
  probably unrelated , but i remember seeing a show called `` stories from hungarian folklore '' . 
  good stuff . 
  i wonder if its still airing . 
  you tried comrade . 
  i would add northern native american tribes to banned countries . 
  they can get extremely strong extremely fast this patch . 
  especially caddo . 
  i 'm more surprised about r/eu4 leaking quite often here . 
  i even have their games . 
  another question . 
  is n't belarius the only one in the family that does n't fucking hate russia ? 
  you have angered the grammar nazis . 
  or the - san suffix of 4chan . 
  i swear everything is a fag there . 
  drawfags , writefags , newfags , oldfags , and so on ... 
  looks glorious . 
  glory to ~ ~ arstotzka ~ ~ monaco ? 
  #chaos undivided, 
   targeted toward french-speaking people  insisted that the japanese movie poster be in english  even though the japanese distributor wanted it to stay in french ^ with ^ desu ^ translation wat, 
  i kinda wish the eastern balkans were destabilised so we can invade bulgaria for spicy memes and giggles . 
  got ta love the eastern europe chic . 
  looks catholic enough . 
  has n't britbongia been tapping oirish internet ? 
  it 's football goddamnit !, 
  do n't listen to the american propaganda comrades . 
  make that the south in general . 
   i can read hentai in public tell me more .
