  this is pretty sad , because all this drama delay considerably the europe construction ( probably what wants the us , by the way ) , and everybody knows that the same debate will come again in uk in one or two decades . 
   the fact that you even consider comparing the efforts of france to tiny denmark says a lot about the french efforts in the war . 
  write a phd thesis about that , apparently you 've got great evidences . 
  compare the population of france and germany in 1940 : ~ 40\u00a0000\u00a0000 for france ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/histoire_d\u00e9mographique_de_la_france ) vs ~ 80\u00a0000\u00a0000 for germany ( http://www.feldgrau.com/stats.html ), 
  denmark performance in 1940 was amazing ... 
  only rich people can survive . 
  it 's ... disgusting . 
  did n't understand why german and not french or italian . 
   1 billion is really cheap for what it provides , good communication , fairness and respect for each country 's culture in the eu . 
  true . 
  and you shoud add democracy . 
  if politicians are using a language that everybody ca n't understand , how can we still argue that europe is democratic ? 
  every text of the eu need to be translated in all the languages of the eu . 
  it 's just fucking obvious , how can there be a debate on that ? 
   i do n't think english gives an unfair advantage to native speakers , i learnt english through cartoons , movies , books and internet should we explicitely impose us culture to the world ? 
  because this is just what you said . 
  do n't be surprised if countries with other culture / religion ( arab countries , by example ? ), 
  see your position as hostile or colonial . 
   a lot of people do n't realise that george orwell 's 1984 was talking a lot about english . 
  can you give us more details ? 
  i 'm interested . 
  ok , so why so many brit / americans always complain that french speak french in paris ? 
  you just seem schizo , i ca n't count the number of times i heard `` it 's your fault , speak your language '' and `` fucking arrogant natives , why do n't you speak english like the rest of the world ? 
  most interesting : france , but i 'm biased . 
  as an alternative , greece , of course . 
  italy and uk are not far . 
  least interesting : nordic countries . 
  too ukish without being the uk , lack of identity . 
  at least , we did n't destroyed local cultures and ethnic groups ... we had a great colonial empire , but we let you win the match for the greatest genocide of planet . 
  no , that says that france is way more diverse that you can imagine . 
  we 've got such a big diversity of regions that nobody can see francophone belgium as a different country , and this is not arrogance . 
  i 'm sorry , but a man from lilles ( north of france ) can difficultly see the belgium as more distant that bretagne , languedoc or corsica . 
  can you understand ? 
  or you just want to believe that we 're arrogant ? 
  come on man , french guiana , nouvelle cal\u00e9donie , martinique , guadeloupe ... they are true french departments , how can we consider that francophone belgium are not part of the french culture ? 
  personally , i do n't consider that most of the us culture is really something different that the british one . 
  j. brel is considered as a french by french and the rest of the world . 
  i know that this is not the case , but everybody in the world ( including french ) consider francophone belgium as french . 
  seriously , from a cultural point of view , your figures are completely integrated in the french culture and some of our own regions are more distant than you ( both culturally and geographically , eg corsica or dom-tom ) . 
  well , of course france had financial interests ( as every european country ) , but you ca n't deny the other aspects . 
  i did n't say that it was better ( it was super arrogant to believe that spread french way of life in the world was a present ) , but it 's a fact that despite being the second biggest former colonial power , france never crushed a whole civilization ( incas , aztecs , arborigens , north amerindians ... ) . 
  making french people from indigenous was part of the plan . 
  i did n't say that it was inherently good , but it probably prevented some genocide or other atrocities ( who said appartheid ? 
  it was of course partly a by-product of neglect , but this is linked to the colonialism \u00e0 la fran\u00e7aise , where the priority was to assimilate other cultures and lead the europe rather than mostly making money ( english pragmatism ) . 
  true for the french colonialism . 
  it was also the case in the colonization of north america where french settlers have been frequently married with local women , there was mutual respect between and a lot of trade ( no expropriation ) . 
  tons of indian tribes fought for french against the english by the way . 
  this sentence from francis parkman resume well the things :  spanish civilization crushed the indian ; english civilization scorned and neglected him ; french civilization embraced and cherished him '', 
  frankly , i think uk should embrace eu ( including the eurozone ) or leave it quickly . 
   uh-huh . 
  so i take it you are also in favor for saudi arabia , russia and north korea to be included ? 
  jc juncker is the president of a saudi arabian/russian/north korean alliance ? 
   seeing as how it would be racist to just exclude one set of nations you align yourself with ( northern europe , actual europa , eu-defined europa , whatever ) with ones you do n't . 
  we 're talking about eu . 
  there is no racism problem to not be allied with all the world or european countries , but there is a problem when you only pick some allies saying that the other allies are `` too different '' . 
  this is not what you said before . 
  what are the overseas interest of spain an italy ? 
  what you just said ( mali , overseas interests ) only apply to france . 
  and what about the overseas interests of uk ? 
  i think you see the problem in your rationale , you explicitely told `` ok for uk , no for france '' , explain me what 's the difference between the two ? 
  do n't try to hide anything else that `` i do n't like french/spanish/italians '' . 
  i would fight for sweden , but i 'm sad to see more and more southern europe bashing considered as normal in this sub . 
   because being willing to fight for your family while not being willing to fight for complete strangers is of course `` racist '' . 
  but saying `` ok to fight for germans and english , but the latins can die '' is racist , sorry . 
  we 're not talking about `` complete strangers '' vs `` family '' , but about `` complete strangers from northern europe '' vs `` complete strangers from south '' . 
  saying something like `` i do n't want to fight for other countries '' would be ok , saying `` ok for these countries , no for these ones '' is just not ok . 
  france will sing in french . 
  oh sorry , let me rectify . 
  if you 've got such a big problem to fight with people that are `` different '' ( where different here is basically not aryans ) , there is another word : nazism . 
  yeah , i know , godwin , but do n't expect another reaction when you say that lives of mediterranean europeans is not a big deal for you . 
  there is a word for that : racism . 
  i believed that it was only something known in france . 
  well , this is well known that it was the `` least worst '' , because the final goal was to consider the natives as frenchmen ( not necessarily with equal rights though ) , so they were at least considered as humans with who you can marry and have childrens . 
  this is why france has still the biggest remnants of its past empire , some former colonies did n't want to leave france and are still fully integrated in france . 
  and these bastards will practice fiscal evasion , as they did in other european countries : http://uk.reuters.com/article/us-britain-starbucks-tax-idukbre89e0ex20121015 . 
  please italians , be smart and drink your coffee in your local businesses , you want your money contributing to your public schools and other public services . 
  how close are gallo-italicci languages and french ? 
  ah ok , did n't know , viola seems to be the english and italian name ( it 's `` alto '' in french ) . 
  no , you probably think to `` violon '' ( = violin ) . 
  viola is the past of the verb `` violer '' ( `` violate '' probably come from this french word ) . 
  it 's `` lafayette , nous voil\u00e0 '' , what you said means `` lafayette , raped us '' in french  . 
  thanks for your support , we all feel a little better with all these messages . 
  being useful to the us is not being the army of europe ... 
  yes , uk is the most useful ally to the us , but france can do things alone ( disagree to go to iraq , deal alone with mali ... ) which is the real definition of a military power . 
  also , france is the 3rd country for the number of nuclear heads ( and in some rankings , this the most important thing ) and is well known for being a leader with nuclear technology . 
  this is also the only country with the us and russia able to build a modern jet fighter without any other country ( seen on this subreddit last week ) . 
  it 's just not true . 
  france is at least as strong military . 
  if we begin to count which country is the biggest military power per capita , switzerland or vatican could lead europe ... gendarmerie is definitely military ( which is not the case of police in france ) , you ca n't say that gign is not a military power ... 
  this . 
  uk should leave . 
  yes but france has a bigger number of soldiers and more nuclear warheads . 
  not sure to understand how it can not be the first military power in eu ( maybe in ranking without nuclear force , uk is first , otherwise , i doubt it ) . 
  source for best military in europe ? 
  it 's not childish , it 's fair . 
  we try to build an european identity , not a corporation where only communication efficiency is important . 
  just no . 
  2 languages minimum or it 's unfair . 
  i agree . 
  and eurovision ... depressing ...
