  if all your colleagues have suddenly an alliance ( everybody excepting you ) , what will be your reaction ? 
  not very friendly , i guess . 
   my definition of being an adult is being responsible for your actions and not shifting the blame , worrying what others have and you do not . 
  happy for you . 
  just in case you want to return on our planet , the definition of adult is `` fully grown and developed '' here , can be useful to have the earthling definition if you want to interact with people . 
  also , you should know that values such as egality are pretty popular here , it 's the first article of a funny text , `` the universal declaration of human rights '' , you would like . 
   you 're emotional and want to complain , being logical and rational clearly does n't matter . 
  yeah , yeah , i would really like to have your wisdom , sadly i 'm just too emotional to promote institutionalization of inequality . 
   what their family did in the past does n't matter , i look at what she has done , i do n't blame todays germans for the war , how immature and myopic . 
  do we give privilege to germans just because they 're germans ? 
  what 's the link with the royal family please ? 
  i did ` nt say that we should blame the royal family for their ancestors , i said that it 's not normal to give them privilege ( and the only reason i can find is that they 're the residuals of an old tyranic regime , there is ` nt others ) . 
   i do n't have much , but i 'm happy , i 'm not going to blame someone else for my lot in life , thats called being an adult . 
  if your definition of adult is being naive and obedient , cool for you . 
  for sure , if everybody was as the same kind of adult you are , real tyran monarchs would still exist in europe . 
   because it is n't just the royal family that has that . 
  the type of family you 're born into matters a whole lot in society . 
  so cynical ... 
  physical appearance matters also a lot in our society . 
  does it mean that we should institutionalize a higher salary for attractive people ( it 's already the case without any rules ) ? 
  your rationale is completely amoral , the fact that `` well , it happens '' does n't mean that it 's ok to institutionalize it . 
  usually , we tend to say `` chapeau bas '' ( but it 's used for rare occasions , when we really want to express our our admiration ) rather thant just `` chapeau '' . 
  so it 's ok to legitimate the fact that some people are born with money , prestige and power without doing anything else that being in a family of ancient tyrant , just because it brings money ? 
  holy shit , how can you be so amoral ? 
  ok , so it 's okay to celebrate the defeat of the us in vietnam ? 
  there are still kings and queens in europe ( ie , people with money , power and prestige due to nothing ... ) , so the work has clearly not been finished . 
  the d-day is more a propaganda tool for the usa than a celebration of a french victory . 
  and , as we know it , merkel is the puppet of the white house ( airbus espionage ... seriously guys ... ) , not surprised to see her . 
  why france ? 
  proof ? 
  not europe : the european monarchies . 
   you can only avoid nuclear warfare by having a nuclear deterrent , or having the ability to intercept nuclear missiles . 
  we do n't need you for this . 
  france and uk can perfectly well plays this role . 
   europe has had 70 years of relative peace and prosperity because its had american soldiers and military might ready to go to the mat for democracy . 
  we did n't abandon your continent to the fascists , we did n't abandon you to the communists , and we have n't abandoned you yet . 
  we have a pretty good track record on the subject of peace in europe . 
  please , abandon us . 
   you do n't seem to realize that strictly speaking , we did n't have to fight the soviets or the nazis . 
  but you did it , and it was not by pure kindness , but by interest against the soviets . 
  technically , the soviets defeated the nazis and you came in france just to prevent the soviets to come . 
  we waited 5 years under the nazi regime before you decided to help the country that gave you birth ( also for us , not by pure kindness , but by interest against england ) . 
  thanks for this prompt godwin point . 
  you do n't see the problem to transform the continent of other people in nuclear warfare ? 
  europe is tiny . 
  i do n't want a conflict , period . 
  please , mind your own damn business . 
  my continent will be soon ruined by two fucking idiots . 
  there was a `` jeux sans fronti\u00e8res '' in france . 
  and not in france . 
  how can you compare a genocide with defensive wars against monarchies ? 
  do n't be jealous  . 
  it 's not just about personalities ... 
  the events are really similar . 
  do you know how louis died ? 
  well , that 's not what is clearly stated by georges martin : http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-26824993 . 
  of course there are some similarities with the wars of the roses , but not more that with the accursed king : `` in a game of thrones and the accursed kings , there are strikingly similar casts - a feeble but sadistic prince ( louis in the french book , joffrey in martin 's ) a vengeful princess ( isabella , cersei ) , and competing machiavellian schemers ( robert of artois , littlefinger ) . 
  with both writers , the reader navigates the complicated plot through the viewpoints of less powerful figures , caught up in the wake of events . '', 
  i 'm reading the book right now , and i can ensure you that it 's basically games of thrones without fantasy . 
  anyway , french and english history were extremely affiliated during these periods , you can see it clearly if you read the maurice druon books . 
  games of thrones is based on french history : http://www.theguardian.com/books/2013/apr/05/maurice-druon-george-rr-martin the iron throne was completely inspired by the iron king , ie philippe le bel . 
  and ? 
  legalized illegal stuff is not the solution to limit it . 
   britain not only funded the entire coalition but also led it militarily and was decisive in defeating napoleon on the field multiple times . 
  i 've no doubt about the fact thar britain was decisive in defeating napoleon , but i also know that this was also the case of russia and prussia . 
  the fights were mostly against them and the french empire was ultimately defeated by a russian strategy . 
  you absolutely ca n't say that britain was the major player without being completely biased . 
   almost all of napoleon 's actions , be it militarily ( taking over the iberian peninsula ) or economically ( forming his blockade ) were heavily influenced by british domination of the seas and his attempts to break free of them . 
  of course they were . 
  have you got a complex or something like that ? 
  yes , britain was relevant in this war , but was only one of the three most relevant countries ( and definitely not the first of the three ) . 
   i 've heard they teach some strange things about napoleon in france but ultimately britain was the most important actor in defeating napoleon . 
  no , there are nearly no courses about napoleon in france . 
  i frankly do n't remember a single lesson on him , we raise the napoleonic wars very quickly , most of the courses are centered on louis xiv , french revolution , ww1 and ww2 . 
  i know that british believed that they are the only and eternal enemy of france , but france has a lot of neighbours , do n't believe that the napoleonic wars were the hundred years wars 2 , it was not the case , these wars were more about the raise of a prussia/germany opposition to the domination of france in continental europe ( which is a premise of the two ww during the 20th century ) . 
  i do n't know how the napoleonic wars are teached in uk , but it seems very british-centered . 
   even britain handily defeated napoleon before it reached the zenith of its strength . 
  do n't rewrite the history , you overstate the role of britain . 
  in which world britain defeated napoleon ? 
  the alliance of all the main monarchies of europe did it . 
  just take a look to the text boxes of this wikipedia page ( commanders and leaders , strength , https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/napoleonic_wars ) . 
  it 's mainly russians , austrians and prussians that defeated the french empire , not britons . 
  i agree that after 1815 britain reached the zenith of its strength , but it was not a complete monopoly as usa today . 
  the russian empire , the germans empire and the second french colonial empire were also very powerful . 
  my point is that usa is today nearly alone and is a lot more powerful than the second . 
  it was never the case of uk , there were always other important rivals . 
  do n't try to ignore that there is n't british in the most famous conquerors of the world ( genghis khan , caesar , napoleon ... ) . 
  when i think we 're supposed to be the arrogant guys ... 
  yes , but english is now more the language of us than the language of europe , plus it 's not the native language of any important membre of the eu ( yes uk without being in the euro zone is not an important eu country ) . 
  we can be a 2nd western power , or we can be a big western block . 
  i prefer the 1st proposition . 
  if french becomes the official language of eu , the european parliament can be everywhere , nobody will care . 
  language is so much more important than that . 
  your power was never as important as the usa power today . 
  do n't forget that several european countries were also super-powerful ( often more powerful than you , particularly in terms of influence in the european continent ) . 
  europe ( at least the most important countries ) was important , not just the uk ( you overestimate a lot some small parts of your history ) . 
  spreading the hatred of another eu country to make the uk stay in eu ... nice ... 
   the us does not want the uk to leave the european union . 
  i think it 's clear . 
  the boss wants the uk to stay , the uk will stay .
