frenchies speak a lot better english than britons speak whatever else . 
  if french are stubborn / arrogant , what are you ? 
  uk dominate europe and is the roman empire now ? 
  everyone makes the effort to speak your language , can you make the effort to stop whining when other people want to introduce a little bit of their culture in this sub , or are you just the closed minded idiot you seem to be ? 
  the `` beast ' from the `` beauty and the beast '' ( * la belle et la b\u00eate * ) is french . 
   sigh ... what 's the point when you insist on this silly idea of a shared language means the uk must always side with the us ? 
  it was a flawed idea to begin with but you seem to be sticking with it . 
  i do n't care if this is `` language '' or `` strong history and cultural ties '' . 
  both are highly linked and nearly synonyms ( because countries with the same language have de facto a strong history and cultural ties ) . 
   i take it denmark is also included in that ? 
  i know / r/europe is looking forward to federalisation and going on about it daily but i 've not seen the same enthusiasm for it reflected in the actual european population . 
  of course , denmark need to chose too . 
   too pro-federalized = someone he thought he could n't work with . 
  yes , so we agree that uk try to ruin the european dream . 
   it makes sense for the uk to feel closer to the us when they 're disliked by europe , do n't particularly feel strong ties to europe or the eu and have a strong history and cultural ties with the us . 
  yes , so again , we agree to say that uk prefer the us over the eu , mainly because of language issues ( call it `` strong history and cultural ties '' if you want , but originally , france is the country who free the us against you , not to say that half of the us was french ... for me , only language matters here , because your common history with the us is far to be a fairy tale ) . 
   then those people clearly do n't have a very good grasp on the reality of the situation . 
  plenty of other eu countries have relationships with the nsa . 
  most of their listening posts and equipment are in germany for example . 
  many eu nations cooperate with them . 
  germans are massively against nsa spying , the merkel phone have been bugged ... you ca n't compare eu/usa cooperation with echelon , seriously , this is completely unfair . 
   no eurozone ? 
  and ? 
  and your economic destiny is less connected to the other european countries . 
  we 're supposed to become a federal state , and you clearly do n't want . 
   cameron was against juncker because he felt it was n't someone he could work with . 
  maybe it was the narrative he told you , but here , all the medias mention the fact that cameron think that juncker is too pro-federalism . 
   it think most britons are generally aware of how disliked they are by others in europe so they feel closer to the us . 
  ok , so you just admit what i said since the beginning : britons feel closer to the us . 
  french are also more than aware of how they are disliked by others in europe , to be close to another non-eu country is just not an option . 
  do n't try to ignore evidences : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/five_eyes there are tons of various alliances between anglophone countries . 
  even w. churchill said to de gaulle that britain will always prefer us over europe . 
  maybe britains are not aware of this , but this is really how most europeans feel : uk rely on the us dominance and do n't care about eu . 
  this is a very popular theory since decades , and at each occasions , uk continues to reinforce this feeling : no eurozone , spying cooperation with the nsa to spy other european countries , against federalism and juncker at the head of eu ... 
  your country should chose . 
  a lot of people have the feeling that the only goal of uk in eu is to wreck the european dream to serve their us brothers . 
  what is the point of being in eu without euro ? 
  it seems ridiculous , and other european countries have all the feeling that uk has n't got the same interest than the other members . 
  this and the fact that uk shares the same language than usa give the impression that uk never chose between europe and usa interests, 
  frankly , if the uk want to stay in the ue , euros should be a prerequisite . 
  stay or leave , but the current situation is unbearable . 
  this is probably easier to live in france as a muslim . 
  france share a lot of history with north africa , you guys are our brothers . 
  nobody really think that . 
  probably a reference to jeanne d'arc ( la pucelle d'orl\u00e9ans = the orleans virgin ) . 
  i do n't know which other language can be worse than english . 
  english is the language of usa . 
  if you want a eu locked by an american domination ( culturally , military , economically ... ) , yes , we can just be another set of countries of the anglosphere . 
  i prefer a multipolar world where europe has its own voice . 
  how can we pretend be a third voice in the usa/china debate if we speak the language of one of the two others ? 
  uk prefer the anglosphere interest over eu interests ( they do n't want euro , they do n't want federalism ... ) , using their native language give them a lot of power they do n't deserve . 
  german or french would be a lot better suited than english . 
   france uk is not in the euro zone , but we 're supposed to all give up our own languages and speak english . 
  this is a nonsense . 
  we share a lot of artists , tv shows , movies ... 
  in fact i ca n't see a thing that we do n't share with you . 
  if you ca n't speak one of the official language of your country , there 's a problem man . 
  if it 's easier for you to speak to a british than to a belgian , there is definitely something wrong with belgian identity . 
  sorry to say that . 
  it 's not true . 
  english ignorance by french is the only thing that keeps french relevant . 
  yes , but there are still more british than any other country . 
  do n't get salty . 
  is it really a surprise in an english speaking forum ? 
  british empire fucked the races and civilizations of 2 continents ( amerindians + aboriginals ) , but yeah , more good than harm according to your standards ... 
  go to french universities if you really think that the working language is english in french academia . 
  the article 12 ... we clearly need another r\u00e9volution . 
  this is why we love greece , you 're our civilization model since centuries , so happy that france saved your ass against the germany 's plans . 
  because it 's unfair ? 
  be sure to see growing hostility in europe toward uk if it continues . 
  accepted tradition of opting-out ? 
  you really think that this shit can continue forever ? 
  france is the sick man of europe only in tabloids . 
  also , you dream if you really think that uk is currently the military leader of eu . 
  france is by far the leader , we 've got more ( e.g. 
  numbers of nuclear heads ) and even without a raw number superiority we can do more with less ( check how we 're more successful in mali that us everywhere else ) . 
  greece will stay in eurozone because france wants it , whatever merkel and cameron want . 
  i would prefer a capture . 
  it 's a ridiculous and francophobe statement . 
  first , it 's obvious that france is better to spy germany than any other country ( the two countries are neighbours ) . 
  second when france steal german technology , all the stuff stay in the eu . 
  so basically , it does n't harm eu , and indirectly when france get better , eu get better and germany get better . 
  it 's not the case with uk , because when uk knows something , usa knows something . 
  usa is not in eu . 
  so if we strictly focus on eu interest , the real problem is uk/usa . 
  ca n't agree more . 
  we lose billions with this shit . 
  i would be so proud of my country if it happens . 
  sadly , r/europe need to know that christine taubira ( minister of justice ) and fran\u00e7ois hollande / manual valls ( president and prime minister ) can have very different views . 
  i doubt that it will happen ... 
   also , i 'm always suspicious of including american sentiments into these types of issues . 
  they are of course part ( if not the primary member ) of nato , however there is not a single realistic scenario i can think of where a war will take place on american soil ( apart from nuclear holocaust ) . 
  so , its easy for an american citizen to voice support when their cities will likely never see an enemy tank rolling through it . 
  i agree . 
  the same remark is valid for uk ( with less extent ) , they 're part of europe , but it 's an island , which changed a lot of things in their recent history ( from napoleonic wars to nowadays , uk has never been a bloodly warfare ) . 
  mainland europe clearly does n't want a war with russia , and it 's understandable . 
  well as a french , i 'm still in line with the de gaulle 's view that did n't want to be part of nato . 
  i sincerely think that big alliances from one side call for bigger alliances on the other side , and that 's the roots of global and worldwide conflicts . 
  saying `` i 'm allied with you man '' just means `` i 'm with you against the others '' . 
  it 's pure exclusion , nothing else .
