  population exchange like with greece with an independent syrian-iraqi kurdistan seems to be the most reasonable option to me . 
  we should separate in good terms when we can . 
  to put it in perspective : in the early 20th century , there were around 500,000 kurds in the country . 
  now there are more than 15 million . 
  not only that , intermarriage between kurds & turks is very high and most mixed people identify as kurdish due to the one drop rule . 
  we 'll be kurdish majority by 2040s , that 's why he 's saying this . 
  mountains are pretty nice . 
   imperialistic behavior aiming to gain land is not part of the european agenda for now . 
  nothing wrong with a european caliphate . 
  it is, 
  ooo when people break out their native language it gets too real for me, 
  no , then they 'll attack you for taking their money and go to their god king to protect them . 
   rebel to erdogan in return hahahahahaha religious people rarely question their beliefs , instead they go `` i 'm not devoted to this enough '' . 
  akp supporters think literally everyone against tayyip is a part of a global conspiracy to destroy the country . 
   goatfucker terrorist they have enough women to fuck , remember sinjar ? 
  we literally have a party in parliament right now saying `` pkk will drown you in its spit !, 
  '' , those arrests are not even % 0.1 of the people threatening us every day . 
  boy if we arrested people every time they said stuff like this we 'd need an entire continent to hold the prisoners . 
  not at all . 
  our emperor in his infinite wisdom says science without piety is sinful . 
  silk is small time business , we need heavy industry & tech, 
   what happened to parents teaching their kids to not be useless cunts ? 
  hahahahaha, 
  makes sense, 
  why is this in / r/europe and why is this upvoted, 
  it 's not , it 's a parody of similar conspiracy theories . 
  what are you saying ? 
  important lesson for us to avoid relying on tourism . 
  what racism ? 
   it 's actually really sad turks have an inferiority complex and project it greek people , ** while greek people probably do n't even give a shit ** well that 's a huge leap and probably you projecting your own thoughts to turks in the first place and you could not be any more wrong about that last part, 
  interesting conclusion . 
  in reality , a byzantine emperor gave one of his relatives to orhan to prevent the ottomans from attacking a little while longer . 
  greeks would be the ones integrating . 
  atat\u00fcrk was killed by the english in libya then replaced by a jewish businessman named yossi kohen . 
   regressive leftists does n't exist , made up meaningless term, 
  brazil or germany ? 
  why would n't they just split the country into smaller states that would fight each other indefinitely, 
  we never go abroad for tourism because we have everything a tourist could want here . 
  i passed with 75 % , do n't know the significance of novels & comedians here though, 
  do n't flatter yourself . 
  greece is like an inbred bulldog compared to the german hound in ww2 . 
   why is ethnic identity more important than other kinds of identities ? 
  because it basically locks you in place ( if it 's hereditary ) . 
  if you 're born into it you ca n't just say `` well i 'm not french anymore '' and walk away . 
  you know you 're french for life regardless of what you think with whatever baggage it comes with . 
  i really do n't get why people ` deserve to be ' xyz . 
  identity in europe feels more like a caste system than actual ethnicities to me . 
  the honey badger , also known as the ratel , is the only species in the mustelid subfamily mellivorinae and its only genus mellivora . 
  it is native to africa , southwest asia , and the indian subcontinent . 
  what ? 
  what i just said does n't mean shit ? 
  hey i am allowed to say it ok ?? 
  it 's like we eventually got too old to keep playing the imperialism game and lithuania got alzheimer 's . 
  i mean talk shit about the guy all you want but austrians are clearly german . 
  only through some political missteps from prussia were they stuck outside of germany . 
  taiwanese are chinese , saxons are german , n/s koreans are the same . 
  it 's literally identity for identity 's sake . 
  cool map dude, 
  we get -20 ( apparently it goes to -40 ) here every single winter since most cities are a few kilometers above sea level . 
  for western nations , it is . 
  god bless america, 
  polish death camps, 
  obey the long man, 
  yep , they would get a gas canister in the eye here . 
  which would be worse ( for generating optimum outrage ) , a swastika or arabic calligraphy ? 
  the correct way to get money is just killing natives in the new world . 
  they ca n't do anything with their money so they just accumulate gold for 100 years before you come and you can just take it all with a few thousand guys . 
  i know a lot of people who were seriously pissed when they could n't smoke inside anymore . 
  one ca n't even shit without smoking , it 's fucking pathetic . 
  it is if you like snails . 
  the town i live in is in the coast surrounded by huge mountains on 3 sides so they keep our 70 % humidity in . 
  it 's like living in a pit . 
  i literally believe that the ( global ) south will rise again when we get cheap enough ac . 
  kill everyone so there are n't as many people exhaling co2 . 
   turkish men and women are equal by the law . 
  we are not . 
  adult unemployed women get money from the state if their husband/parents die until they marry . 
  adult men do n't . 
   and it means nothing . 
  i kinda think they 're trying to assert their dominance . 
  mainly old-middle aged shop owners sitting in front of their shops staring at everybody who walks past them . 
  why would they ? 
  they are/going to be the majority in most places . 
  in their opinions it 's the secularists who should `` integrate '' to their mentality and i do n't really have an argument against that . 
  so how did it change ? 
  i really would n't be so sure about that . 
  they know the moment they lose the election they 'll metaphorically get the guillotine . 
  after all their scandals i would n't be surprised if they committed voting fraud . 
   plus a blood transfusion during the mad cow crisis i hear it takes 20-40 years for it to manifest . 
  do n't kid yourself . 
  the hot climate is fucking terrible . 
  we would probably do something just because we have an excuse to get at russia . 
  complain all you want and do what you promised to do . 
  this is more for the government though . 
  very spineless to keep the charade going . 
  nobody cares , should n't have pushed the deal . 
  europeans are acting like spoiled children . 
  obama = putin  assad  merkel . 
  we fix this problem easy , give one man all power he solve every problem for you . 
  genius .
