  might as well dust off the bayonets and get back to killing each other then . 
  wise words . 
  we need a reasoned debate on how the eu should form and that would take time and impartial observance . 
  i agree totally . 
  we have so many problems ourselves , why do we need to tell others how to govern themselves ? 
  or do we really need to forcibly take other people 's stuff in order to fulfil , what purpose , our desires ? 
  there is no real honour in being a bully . 
  no bottomless oil well that could ever satiate our greed . 
  what you need to do then is further education and make sure everyone is bilingual . 
  first you have to set up a roster of all the different languages , and then any citizen can pick two so that there is a ladder of unity whilst keeping in contact with the honour of tradition . 
  true , but i 'd argue that our lighting has not improved but just scaled up . 
  quality over quantity . 
  manchester , liverpool , macclesfield !, 
  big cities and footballing giants . 
  all that light is wasted light going off into space . 
  they could have at least got uma thurman . 
  haha , wtf is that ? 
  why would anyone ever take a picture of anything remotely resembling basildon ? 
  the person in prison is just a side note . 
  it 's about control of what people take into their own bodies . 
  so it has nothing to do with some social moral panic , and everything to do with controlling people . 
  my point was two fold , i was arguing against what you implied ( implied or implode lisa ? ( sorry ) ) . 
  that somehow drug dependency or abuse is supposed to be some made up thing . 
  that tb etc. 
  is more real . 
  because that 's what i get , and i have to say i completely disagree . 
  but , to clarify , i do n't think simply taking a drug is a health problem , just the abuse . 
  and then that i do n't see the social problem . 
  i see a power problem , and i see a politics problem . 
  politics which has nothing to do with social responsibility and everything to do with bullshit , quite frankly . 
  also creating any drug can be done well and done badly , and it can be done really well . 
  you need good craftsmanship to make a fine anything imo . 
  but alcohol , you 're right , it 's just ingrained in our culture , and that 's it . 
  it 's pure hypocrisy . 
  i do n't see the social problem in people getting stoned or whatever , like you say , people do it anyway . 
  what 's the difference between a dependency and something like tb ? 
  it has its physical effects . 
  what choices do we make that are outside the physical world ? 
  we need to treat people like that who are * abusing * narcotics . 
  we need to be open enough to help them otherwise we leave them to the wolves . 
  and why should anybody be put in prison or anything else because of a drug ? 
  why does it make it right because the person is dealing , how else are people supposed to get drugs ? 
  and drug tourists would not be a thing if it was n't just isolated to the netherlands . 
  alcohol is the obvious one as well , that causes a great deal of bad behaviour . 
  and still here we are . 
  what i think is that people would like to ban both alcohol and tobacco , but they ca n't . 
  so they feel free to pick on weaker targets . 
  it 's just all about naked power and control , like so much is turning into ( or has always been perhaps ) . 
  alcohol because it 's practically ingrained in european culture ( and other places ) since before the dawn of history . 
  and tobacco because it evolved into a massive powerhouse involving lots of people too powerful to fail . 
  so basically it 's because people do not learn . 
  power is still the alter which we all crowd around and worship . 
  we 're still all prepared to put ourselves and others through hardship in order to keep power . 
  it was coming from a small base , so of course growth was sharp when all they did was just starve and displace millions of people . 
  rule under the tsar was the same just less extreme . 
  they managed high growth rates before the first world war just because russia was so awfully poor . 
  it 's their wet-dream over here . 
  it 's like all those years of having to take the back seat in europe affairs and then suddenly having our boot on their jugular . 
  our cancerous rotting boot . 
  to be fair the guardian is n't usually typical of the media . 
  they have their problems with facts sometimes and etc. 
  but still i would n't call them `` the media '' . 
  it 's all the same thing to a lot of people . 
  but i actually put both of those statements in my post in paragraphs to separate them as best i could because they really were n't linked into some kind of grand theory . 
  and it really was n't a theory it was just more what i got from your posts and wondering whether you agreed . 
  my second point was to show how differently a certain group can be perceived in a different situation , and that then means that the fact that they are of a certain group means nothing because it 's stayed the same whilst views have changed . 
  and if i were to make a grand theory i 'd say that each and everyone of those turks that moved to germany moved there for some reason individually ( and the over-riding part is that they moved away from turkey ) . 
  so more than likely they moved to germany because the turkish system was n't serving them well , either they were unemployed or possibly into something that forced them outside of turkish normal society . 
  so in this context to say it has anything to do with them being turkish seems ludicrous . 
  well it seems like the turkish are just the largest immigrant group and get flak for that . 
  that 's just from what you 're writing here , that 's what i get anyway . 
  it 's funny that you mention pakistanis , because certainly they have been the ire of racist groups in britain for decades now . 
  and if anything comes up about integration then it 's usually pakistanis that are taking the blame and not saudis or chinese etc. 
  exactly . 
  ok then , i agree there is a big problem with misogyny in the muslim world and their culture as a whole . 
  i do n't believe this was a misogynistic attack though . 
  and i think that there 's still a lot of misogynists in the west as well and etc. 
  i do n't believe it 's the sole problem of islam . 
  ( i do n't speak german well ) i had a look at the second link and the stats seem to be against a lot of immigrants . 
  now none of this is correct behaviour obviously , but i 'd say they show little damning evidence of muslims in particular . 
  looks like it has more to do with the peculiarities of being an immigrant in a society . 
  one which we as europeans born into these countries have a portion of responsibility towards . 
  this whole thread has got my hackles up . 
  it 's all this subtle racism that is the problem , that is evident in this thread . 
   i did no such thing , i was pointing out one of the leading causes of continued racism was the human habit of ignoring the good and focusing on the bad . 
  i got no problem if that 's all you were saying in the first place , but to my mind the way you replied to me suggested otherwise . 
  you were at least defending something against what i was saying , and now i 'm not sure what it was . 
  but whatever , if people on the internet can make up , then surely islamophobes and wacko-islamists can too . 
  you were apologising for racist comments though . 
  and then you said that it 's just a matter of course , and i disagree with that . 
  i think people can change their minds if they are willing and smart enough . 
  and if you 're calling me obnoxious , then i 'm sorry because i was restraining myself the whole time . 
  do you have any statistics for that ? 
  why do you think that people from turkey cause the most crime ? 
  does it have much to do with their religious persuasions ? 
  and how would that effect anything ? 
   in today 's mostly tolerant society there would n't be any beef against muslims if it was n't for the terrorists really ? 
  because honestly i do n't know how to answer that without being totally condescending . 
  you honestly would say that there 's not a lick of racism in how these reports are all blown up ? 
  and you do n't accept the tinge of racism in all these comments here ?
