britt is how you say brett in new zealandish . 
  what we really want to know is that , given your new celebrity , are you doing a lot of work for charity ? 
  do n't scare people with these fairy tales of this place called `` belgium '' !, 
  that was almost a strong opinion on something switzerland !, 
  keep it up and you 'll scare off investors . 
  the 2012 summer was painful for sure . 
  worst . 
  summer . 
  ever . 
  they must have learnt something about bureaucracy under their previous regime . 
  it 's like you ca n't fathom your own biases . 
  food goes in one side shit comes out the other . 
  gothstantinople 4life, 
  the same reason it 's good to keep africa in debt . 
   how do you `` sabotage '' a woman ? 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5rrzdiu1ue ) video will answer all your questions . 
  england has far more in common with denmark . 
  scotland has more in common with norway i would say . 
  you got your chart turned all around bro . 
  it 's number infinity !, 
  they 're either thinking of scots english , or they 're saying that scots gaelic was nicked from ireland . 
  who loves orange soda ? 
  how can a dead person own wealth ? 
  they 're dead , they do n't have any use for things , they are an artefact of a human being . 
  it 's different because a living person has some form of agency . 
  and our sense of ownership only really makes sense if we 're using something . 
  otherwise how do we defend ownership of something that a person is n't even using or may use in the future ? 
  i think that does n't explain a lot of the rules that were placed on inheritance . 
  for instance the eldest male getting the land and the others being screwed . 
  all have exactly the same genetic lineage . 
  and also as humans we are extremely non-distinct when it comes to our genetic make-up . 
  your genes and my genes are very similar . 
  if i had to guess , it is to do with the concept of ego . 
  that even after we die we should have that power . 
  why do we have inheritance at all ? 
  why should a person expect to get paid off of their family member becoming deceased ? 
  why should a dead person decide what living people do with their wealth ? 
  okay so i know this shit cause i 've played a stupid amount of paradox games . 
  but basically libya was once in the italian empire and before that it was part of ottoman north africa ( it 's why the italians fought the brits in north africa during ww2 ) . 
  saudi arabia , yemen and oman were all under british control . 
  along with persia ( iran ) and egypt/sudan . 
  the uae and qatar i 'm not so sure about . 
  but in hoi3 they 're part of saudi arabia and britain controls them . 
  france controlled syria i think . 
  britain had jordan and palestine . 
  but plenty of irish and italians made their way to britain before 1917 ( despotic catholics , potential terrorists , as they may have been known at some point in britain 's history ) . 
  in fact at least a third of london has been born outside of the country since the c16th . 
  salisbury was a pretty big deal in the middle ages though . 
  it must have had a real cool market . 
  the workhouse will fix 'em up . 
  take the spunk right out of them . 
  i did the iggy !, 
  just a little kick in the bum . 
  well you make a good point . 
  andalusia is still suffering economically from the expulsion of the moors in the 15th century . 
  it would not have happened over night , fair does . 
  i think out of it though estonia has done well comparatively . 
  there are positives from the ex-soviet bloc . 
  yeah but in the end i am agreeing with you it was done too fast with these countries and perhaps some sort of quasi-membership would have done them better to protect them from russia but also protect them from the problems of massive emigration and wage inequalities . 
  yes , if i wanted a first hand account of what it was like during the late 70s when the economy went to shit then i 'd ask my mum about it . 
  but if i want to come out of that with the conclusion which you suggest then i do n't need to live through it for that more basic of understandings . 
  and i so agree with you over what has happened with the expansion , it was stupid . 
  but its not so much with the economic divide , because i believe over a longer period of time and planning that can be overcome . 
  the problem is the level of corruption in these countries imo . 
  i think its a problem because ultimately it retards the ability to grow together . 
  but this old idea of nationalism and `` we are the british , we are this and that , they are the czechs they are this and that . '', 
  it 's total bullshit . 
  a person is not born a nationality . 
  they do not die and retain that nationality . 
  it is a total load of bullshit which we tell ourselves for certain conveniences and , more than likely , as a divide and conquer strategy by the ` them ' in charge . 
  and this is what many people voted on . 
  this idea of nationalism , without fully comprehending what it means but instead going with their gut and tradition . 
   brexit will be sandpaper and lemon juice . 
  oh , we call that din-dins . 
   for example , people who lived to see the oil crisis of 1974 will be probably more careful about the whole `` energy dependence on a single source '' than those who only ever saw relatively affordable energy . 
  personal experience is a strong factor that can not be replicated . 
  but that 's not a reason to venerate old people , but instead those who are educated and actually care about politics/economics . 
  how many of these people that voted for the eec in the 70s voted against the eu last year purely because of immigration ? 
  younger people are n't as prejudice . 
  people who immigrate are younger and they mix with the younger generation , not the old one . 
  so they become human and not some wave of insects . 
  defenestration is one of my favourite words . 
   british people say dude . 
  it 's okay if they 're high . 
  state 's rights !, 
  every home secretary has had some pretty whacky views on privacy and whatnot . 
  the general consensus seems to be that a ) law and order is their primary concern b ) they have literally no idea how the internet works . 
   hitler would n't know which camp to send me to . 
  the one where you die ? 
  you 're a gas . 
  rust-buckets . 
  damn wegies ... 
  lithuania - the africa of europe . 
  they just do n't want anybody getting any ideas about immigrating . 
  [ also relevant ] ( http://satwcomic.com/new-nordic ), 
  a few people here will have big eurovision parties . 
  going off on a bit of a tangent here , but would the collapse of the ussr be considered a revolution ? 
  because i 'm wondering if any country with a functioning nuclear arsenal has ever had a proper from below revolution . 
  why would this be important ? 
  well , we could only imagine what could happen .
