  thanks !, 
  that 's a solution . 
  kurz school of solutions i reckon ? 
  very wise . 
  feel free to teach greece a thing or two about eu external border protection - that adheres with the un convention for refugees and the law of the sea . 
  if your reply to that is '' * uhhh i do n't know , do something * '' or '' * just shoot them * '' we may have reached a rock bottom . 
  perhaps with the new hotspots we should just take fingerprints , discard them and play dumb when they cross to a different country . 
  now that 's something austria can teach us . 
   farming is n't like any job . 
  if you do n't do this or that on the exact time it needs to be done , you 're not losing a day 's wages but a whole year 's income . 
  greece 's current acount balance would get destroyed if they followed your cunning plan . 
  is that what you want ? 
  thank you for educating me how farming works . 
  the 10-11 % of greeks is employed in the agriculture industry , producing only about 3.5-4 % of the gdp . 
  it 's not because they are lousy , it 's because almost every other person in the greek countryside declares to be a farmer . 
  heck , i can do that although i just have a half acre of land that i 'm farming while i 'm also renting rooms and i have a restaurant . 
  the problem is way deeper than you may think you know about . 
  and the government wants to stop that and not bleed dry to `` support '' / subside pretend-to-be farmers . 
  the joke that greece is heavily based on agriculture is old now , our farmers may have been fucked over by eu over the years but they also milked the cow at the same time . 
   perfectly reasonable . 
  it 's the government that unilaterally decided to rip them to bits and then had the audacity to call for a discussion `` based on the plans they 've already submitted '' . 
  how about i demand your house and then invite you to negotiate about maybe letting you have the bathroom . 
  the ripping to bits is the same for all the greeks ( in this case , self-employed ones ) , they 're not special yet they demand to be treated special to even sit down and talk with the government to find middle ground . 
  other professions do n't get even that to protect their livehood and survival . 
  do you really not understand how the eea and eu works ? 
  all members have signed up for it . 
  good . 
  i feel for ** some ** farmers pain but this is tiresome . 
  every few years a 10 % of the population thinks they can use their eu-funded new tractors to paralyze the country . 
  only while it 's a dead period for farming though , let 's no lose any money . 
  and i would be actually side with their protests if they had some reasoning . 
  but demanding any discussion with the government to have a basis of their demands only ( no counter-proposals accepted ) is just mafia tactics . 
  so , how would like for germany to make separate trade agreements on top of eu ones to benefit only them ? 
  it 's a fucking union , with responsibilities and a supposed-to-be co-aligned stance in most subjects to benefit every member . 
  the mentality , `` yeah eu is good for us on that , but thiiis , we want it for ourselves '' is just unbelievable . 
  how dare you say that you money-laundering cypriot ? 
  your bank sector is too big for your size . 
  ^ / s ps : you got any more of those russian accounts ? 
  please mail the info to deutche bank hq . 
  thanks !, 
  i did n't compare anyone , feel free to read my comment again . 
  i pointed out a simple infographic against your last 2 sentences . 
  i mean , okay , greece is n't doing good on exports . 
  but saying it has no export industry or ... wondering what you can buy ? 
  [ 37.5 % of greek exports to germany was food related according to this - 2013 data ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/visualize/tree_map/hs92/export/grc/deu/show/2013/ ) spending more , not deliberately keeping wages low and respecting the ez rules on surpluses is a good plan . 
  it 's mentioned in turkish as most islands in that article : ko\u00e7baba . 
  nope . 
  unless there are evidence of something like that , even suggestions , no foul play here . 
  with kammenos as the minister of defence , there is no way it would be swept under the rug like in the 90s because i truly believe he would be willing to `` fuck up '' and sacrifice the government coalition as appearing to be being a patriot would ensure his party stays in the parliament at the next elections . 
  ( he 's close to the 3 % entry point ), 
  will [ this article ] ( http://www.todayszaman.com/diplomacy_16-islands-snatched-by-greece-due-to-turkeys-negligence-experts-claim_302086.html ) do for you ? 
  it does n't name kinaros , it mentions levitha which is right next to it . 
  if you google you 'll find direct turkish jets overflights over kinaros related to the `` dispute '' . 
  because it 's one of the islets they claim as theirs . 
  and also ... they do n't recognize athens fir jurisdiction over the aegean , nor that the greek side has the responsibility over the aegean for search and rescue ( not as a whole but big areas they claim ) as per davuto\u011flu 's comments a few years back in the turkish assembly `` the ownership of a lot of those islands it 's just a matter of how you interpret the treaties '' a friend and an ally !, 
  because greece is n't an equal union member anymore as it seems . 
  just an economic hostage . 
  did you even read the article or , well , the macro imbalanced procedure rules ? 
  what you keep repeating is irrelevant . 
  it 's like you telling me about greek deficit and me replying `` but we had primary surplus this year !, 
  there is a system in place in ez to `` fight '' imbalances ( macro imbalanced procedure ) and although germany chooses to ignore it and the rest of the ez does n't care to take action years now that the surplus is skyrocketing , it was written to protect the union against deficits and surpluses such as the german one . 
  [ here 's an article from 2015 analysing the situation ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/comment/ambroseevans_pritchard/11584031/germanys-record-trade-surplus-is-a-bigger-threat-to-euro-than-greece.html ) - this is n't just miracle productivity , it 's a whole economy aimed to suppress local consumption , imports , wages and public spending to favor exports . 
   `` we can open the doors to greece and bulgaria anytime and we can put the refugees on buses ... 
  so how will you deal with refugees if you do n't get a deal ? 
  kill the refugees ? '', 
  erdogan was quoted in the text as telling the eu officials . 
   it also quoted him as demanding 6 billion euros over two years . 
  when juncker made clear only half that amount was on offer , he said turkey did n't need the eu 's money anyway . 
  a true gem he is . 
  not that he 's keeping the doors closed now anyway . 
  it 's just boats in place of buses . 
  you wan na go that route ? 
  criminal is n't only the one accepting the bribes , but the one giving one . 
  what is the denial of extradition of the main man behind the siemens bribes scandal then ? 
  ( [ christoforakos ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/michael_christoforakos ) ) perhaps his trial would help arresting some greek politicians . 
  he 's a free man now . 
  let 's say we ignore your first sentence - although you know too it was n't all simple like you present it . 
   and its not like greece was forced at gunpoint to accept bribes and take loans . 
  but that ... really ? 
  siemens and co is the victim huh . 
  and ... yeah , no forced loans when german and french banks where to be affected . 
  sure . 
  it 's not like you wrote a whole book , just a few paragraphs , decide if they 're illegal migrants or refugees . 
  i guess naming them only illegal migrants fits your narrative more ? 
  every argument you 've made shows hatred and is editorialized to fit that said narrative . 
  you 're confusing a government 's credit rating with a whole economy . 
  two different things . 
  slightly better . 
  he was right in some things , i do n't think he voiced his opinion or acted about the issues in the right way . 
  to be precise , that post and interview was given by varoufakis while he was still an academic . 
  he became minister of finance last year . 
  and was short lived . 
  greece wo n't go in the markets anytime soon for lending . 
  perhaps after 3-5 years . 
  this is more of a `` hey , things are looking good ( stable ) with the new agreement , hooray ! '', 
  memorandum 1 ensured that the debt was under english law . 
  checkmate !, 
  ... because no other country was affected close to greece levels during the crisis huh ? 
  and you happen to know parallel futures that ensure that if greece was n't the `` worst '' in the ez then a similar outcome would n't happen with the next weaker link ? 
  ( e.g.
