  i believe tonight/today marks the end of the so called globalist / `` atlanticist '' era of international politics . 
  for the first time in something like 70 or 80 years the uk and the us have decided to just sort of remove themselves from the center stage , which they of course have the full right to do , and we are certainly left with a much more uncertain world . 
  now , of course this `` departure '' wo n't be as dramatic as i make it sound due to the internet , the prevalence of the english language and other such facts , but it is absolutely a huge sea change . 
  you can really sort of see all of this coming starting from a linear timeline of the yugoslav wars , 9/11 and the iraq war all the way to here . 
  with the election of trump and his promises to `` end nation building '' and to always put america first , that world is being left behind . 
  i 'm not yet sure what kind of world will replace it , but i just hope it 's not all worse in some respects . 
  since this is r/europe , it is probably safe to bet that russia will play a larger part in that future . 
  maybe the eu will be a more federalized structure , probably not , because brexit and trump sure as hell do n't indicate a desire for anything like that . 
  it is a fairly safe bet that it will definitely be a more nationalist and authoritarian world . 
  the desire for `` liberty '' has been all but replaced with a desire for security and we shall have both its positives and negatives . 
  but damn , if it does n't feel like the end of some kind of long era . 
  the postwar era ? 
  the post-cold war era ? 
  well have fun out there on the border , you could be in for some interesting times : ), 
  well , for now . 
  who knows what he would do if public mood not just in russia but in europe as a whole turned overwhelmingly towards authoritarianism and nationalism ? 
  as much as the ties of the west and russia have gone sour , moscow still needs to kind of try to appear not ridiculously bad compared to the former . 
  the east ( and maybe the north ) want security and manpower while retaining their political sovereignty and the west want something else , possibly deeper intergration . 
  we 'll see how this works out . 
  interesting note : yesterday was the 25th anniversary of the so called `` chicken kiev '' speech , which us president george h.w. 
  bush gave in the ukrainian ( ssr ) parliament , in 1991 . 
  in that speech bush argued for the preservation of the ussr in a reformed model according to gorbachev 's plans and against `` suicidal ( ukrainian ) nationalism '' . 
  the speech has been much criticized since , but it is quite curious to think that an american president went to ukraine to give such a speech just months before the ussr broke up . 
  while everyone 's focus is on russia , finland ends up actually annexing nato territory , one peak at a time . 
  when will nato finally take a firm and resolute stand against brazen finnish expansionism ? 
  tallinn could be next !, 
  no they do n't , there are so few of them left for one with a distinct identity not finnish or russian and second of all , there is n't exactly much they could do . 
  finland is not about to start a war of conquest over these areas and even the lands lost after 1945 are pretty much gone forever . 
  the finnic karelians in the russian karelia are an overwhelming minority and mostly speak russian . 
  for stronger bonds , maybe at times , but the central government in moscow is hardly likely to approve of somesuch . 
  ingrians are even more of a long shot . 
  there are maybe less than 100 000 left and they will not be taking over the land that contains saint petersburg and about 6 million russians . 
  looks as though the coup might be failing . 
  pro-government part of the army apparently has the upper hand , also hearing reports of police starting to arrest soldiers . 
  as i recall about 1 in 5 ukrainians support poroshenko at the moment so he has little to lose . 
  i 'm always surprised when some expect europeans to hate hillary clinton in large numbers . 
  no , this continent has not been subjected to 25 years of smearing and insults thrown at her by republican and other right-wing media and most really do not care about her emails or benghazi . 
  it 's really sad to see so many leftist americans buying into this stuff too , i would have preferred sanders as well but the gop sure is spending a lot of effort on tarring someone who is such a corporate wall street shill . 
  and for europe , hillary will be a continuation of obama , which most approve of . 
  hmh , probably not a bad idea , to be honest , especially in the wake of brexit and subsequent geopolitical uncertainty . 
  this kind of alliance would also not have the problem of `` no common interests '' , something that the eu struggles with from time to time . 
  erm , i hate to see britain go as much as the next guy , but could n't this technically be considered inciting separatism in what is now supposed to become a fully sovereign country ? 
  scotland is not independent yet , they have no ... there is nothing official about this just yet , simply talk and speculation . 
  he downright `` expects '' an independence referendum and even that in itself can be interpreted in a really nasty way . 
  really poor choice of words imo . 
  you have a choice between a former senator and secretary of state under a rather successful president , who has decades of experience in governance and will strive to continue said president 's legacy and policies , and a delusional , racist , xenophobic , thin-skinned isolationist fraud who wants to limit the right of the press to write what they want , discriminate against people who look different and cuddle up to the worst elements of human nature . 
  i know bernie would have been really great and yeah , hillary has some big money behind her but this is like choosing between drinking sort of stale ale and bleach . 
  trump knows absolutely nothing about anything he would have to deal with as president . 
  no joke , it honestly kind of feels like we could be at the cusp of the end of pax americana and western hegemony . 
  i mean we kind of are no matter what , but instead of a gradual slide to diminished influence in a federal europe backed by nato and the us kind of gradually pulling back , the anglo-saxon countries will put the decisive nails in the coffin themselves , somewhat ahead of time . 
  this considering trump 's sort of isolationist streak and what brexit signifies symbolically . 
  hillary winning is a different story . 
  i feel like it ca n't be overstated how decisive and crucial these very moments and years are . 
  history is being written , or rather its direction could be changing drastically . 
  and actually finnish for `` eagle '' . 
  yes , it 's a rather curious name for a city and this is not a larger trend among names . 
  well , maybe it was n't impossible . 
  i mean i did see russia trying to establish economic and political influence in the former ussr but i did n't think they 'd go as far as actual annexation of land . 
  some kind of conflict probably was in the cards if ukraine sought to get closer to the west as they did . 
  sarcasm aside , not the moment the eu ceases to exist . 
  but if nationalist-minded governments like the ones in , say , hungary and poland keep popping up on a wider scale and france , for example , were to see the national front win elections , all while the eu fell apart , all the while russia applies pressure from the east , then i do n't know . 
  i 'm not sure they would all get along with each other all that well in the long run . 
  it seems impossible , but the ukrainian ordeal seemed impossible a few years ago . 
  it could be a slow but steady chain of events towards chaos and it would not be the day after the eu collapsed , but five years , ten years and so on . 
  i 'd rather not risk it . 
  i guess the biggest hurdle would really be the fact that not many european nations are exactly armed to the teeth these days . 
  and of course if more moderate politicians were to continue in power then the risks would be lower . 
  and by the way , let me just tell you - i ca n't promise you anything , but i can tell you this - i can tell you , if elected president , he will make so many visits . 
  there will be so many visits , hundreds and hundreds , big beautiful visits and he will visit so much that you 'll be saying `` please mr. president no more visits '' . 
  and he will visit and he will visit and he will visit and he will visit . 
  i 'm glad romania has become a success story in this sector in recent years . 
  lord knows the eu is not exactly overflowing with positive news and developments right now , so something like this is useful as a reminder that it can do good as well . 
  it takes time to transform a country for the better , but i think romania will get there if they continue on the same path . 
  an interesting piece . 
  it is a difficult situation to be sure - the `` peace project '' remains in place and seeks to move forward , but most of the people within the project no longer fully grasp its magnitude or why it began in the first place , as did those who came before us . 
  most of the 500 million people in the eu can not conceive anything else than peace between its member states , so the project itself can seem redundant . 
  i do n't know , i sometimes get the feeling the continent will go through yet another disastrous and bloody phase until the lessons of wwii re-emerge along with new enthusiasm for a pan-european political project . 
  then again , maybe it wo n't and we could do just fine with a smaller eu . 
  it 's not 1950 anymore , it 's difficult to say . 
  very happy to see this , even if the recovery is understandably modest so far . 
  but the french numbers are concerning , as that country is critical for the survival of the eu , ditto for italy . 
  plus there seems to be a strand in soviet/russian thinking where europe is , at its core , kind of sort of really maybe okay but its mind has been poisoned by the anglo-saxon countries . 
  and if that influence were removed in some way , europe could maybe align itself with russia like they really want to . 
  i remember some interview putin did around the maidan revolution in ukraine , they were talking about the ukrainian leaders ( it had to be yanukovych i guess ) ordering police to shoot at the protesters . 
  with this sly grin on his face putin said something like `` what is he doing , ordering attacks against his own people ? 
  is he insane ? '', 
  and it just made me wonder . 
  i took it to mean that he does indeed recognize how poor a strategy it would be . 
  i ca n't see putin allowing large-scale protests to simmer , he 's probably smart enough to offer just enough carrots if something looks to be developing . 
  '' ... steering events in republika srpska towards dodik 's victory , with a subsequent referendum for secession from bosnia and herzegovina , and ideally , ( after overcoming serbia 's president vucic opposition ) -- unification with serbia under the rule of the newly minted serbian national hero milorad dodik . '', 
  `` dugin further prophesied that the expected secession and unification of serbia would lead to upheaval and re-orientation towards russia of other predominantly christian-orthodox countries in the region , such as bulgaria , romania , macedonia and greece . '', 
  i suppose that would be one takeaway ? 
  oh no , it was meant to be tongue-in-cheek , i thought the `` gib '' would give it away . 
  guess i better start using / s more often . 
  sorry if i offended anyone . 
  oh wow , that 's so cool and well-deserved !, 
  now gib back . 
  i 'm thinking maybe the membership negotiations should be put on hold by now . 
  eh , people die in america and europe too . 
  whaddya gon na do .
