  good guy spain . 
  i hope spain is not soon the only relatively sane large power left down there in the south . 
  preceded by `` muhammad ali is dead ! '', 
  whenever he * passed away * . 
  that is how he rolls . 
  fillon is not `` pro-russia '' like le pen is , right ? 
  as far as i can tell he 'd like to `` talk '' with russia and says the west is * partly * to blame for the crisis in ukraine , but surely this is not the same as being a kremlin puppet . 
  our president talks with putin and medvedev , does n't mean we are about to block the sanctions . 
  merkel `` talks '' with russia . 
  i get the feeling he 'll be in office for two weeks , go `` aww shucks guess we ca n't normalize relations after all '' and that 'll be that . 
  to put the cold war behind you ... and that would happen by letting russia achieve all of its geopolitical objectives . 
  then you would be in the situation in which the actual cold war existed to begin with and russia would have regained most of its lost strength . 
  tremendous !, 
  `` if we just let this expansionist neo-imperialist power have this one little country ... '' russia is not run by the kind of men that wish prosperity and friendship for all the peoples of the world out of the goodness of their hearts . 
  the usa is n't either , particularly starting on january 20th 2017 , but i do n't think the interests of the usa and russia are all that compatible . 
  now america could just completely retreat and go home , sure , but russia would use that to forge a global situation that would not favor america in the end . 
  yeah . 
  euronews was mentioned earlier , but it is as the eu itself , dull , boring , grey as dishwater , trying to do the right thing , nobody tunes into it . 
  it 's simply drowned out by louder voices . 
  now compare that to some of that russian stuff that is occasionally linked here . 
  the `` occupant '' video , all the `` infomercials '' about american crimes around the world . 
  they are basically entertainment mixed with political rhetoric mostly made of falsehoods . 
  the eu is sort of ( and admirably ) trying to fight a. ... 1950 's fight against a propaganda machine that mixes the best and worst of western entertainment and rather crude soviet-style crap . 
  the eu tries to appeal to reason and facts and fuck it we saw what happened with that this year , twice . 
  i hate to say it , but the eu needs to start appealing to emotions as much as logic . 
  mix the two . 
  you do n't even need to start printing lies , there is plenty to be passionate about in what the eu represents , especially after this year . 
  but color it up a little . 
  if the usa had no term limits i suspect bill clinton would be inaugurated for the seventh time in january . 
  what now , you piece of filth ? 
  while i remain rather worried about the putin/trump relationship too , it should be noted that trump has now been nominating some rather `` traditional republican '' figures to his administration . 
  general flynn , who attended the rt gala and sat next to putin , did become national security advisor , but if you look at for example mike pompeo , who trump nominated the director of the cia and everyone he is considering for secretary of state ( john bolton , rudy giuliani etc. 
  ) , he is certainly not just nominating people with straight up pro-russian figures . 
  as i understand bolton is the most likely choice right now and he just called putin a `` dictator '' last month ( outside of this conversation , bolton is otherwise kind of completely nuts though , too bad about that ) . 
  reince priebus became the white house chief of staff , he has very `` traditional '' gop views on russia . 
  paul ryan has no sympathy for the kremlin , mike pence called putin a `` menace '' last fall . 
  even the breitbart guy who got a top job blamed obama for being soft against russia a few years ago . 
  mitch mcconnell is very much pro-nato and remains the senate majority leader for the future . 
  we 'll see where this goes . 
  but seriously , google these people with `` russia '' after their name . 
  mutti invicta, 
  oh , only something like 1/6th . 
  but you only said `` border '' , nothing about how long . 
  russia and norway share a 200 km land border . 
  you are probably right about your first point , but nonetheless that is how many perceive it . 
  joining `` western europe '' ( which , indeed , is often presented as a thing that can be joined ) is often equated to joining the eu and/or nato in official contexts . 
  and we have a winner . 
  who does n't want to be a glorious northern viking , raiding fishing villages with swedes and norwegians ? 
  i mean , if you think `` eastern '' and think warsaw pact-style cold war country , then no , finland is not that . 
  geographically though , compared to most of europe , it absolutely is ( although technically belarus is in the middle of europe so i do n't know what to say here really ) . 
  then if by `` western '' you actually try to say eu + nato then again finland would be a western country but it gets a bit convoluted . 
  this is why i always say and think northern europe is the best category for finland , and the only one that truly works . 
  i am a little astonished and disturbed at how many places and people on the internet , very leftist and very passionate about politicians like sanders and corbyn ( whom i have no problem with ) , seem to use and refer to quite a bit of soviet imagery and music in their discussions . 
  like , yes , you want strong leftist politics right now , but are you entirely aware what this state was like ? 
  typically these are english-speaking sources , of course , from the uk and so on , so i can understand not being that well-versed . 
  still , sheesh . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b0/suomen-kansantasavalta.png/800px-suomen-kansantasavalta.png moscow proposed this exchange of territory ( i 'm sure i do n't need to explain the colors ) to finland along with other demands and when helsinki refused , after some time war broke out . 
  the green area is ... well , i 'm sure it 's nice nature , but there was no reason to agree to this . 
  what are the reasons given for the attack ? 
  i hear quite a bit of `` well the ussr attacked but only because finland did n't agree to nicely move the border further away from leningrad and accept russian karelia in return '' these days . 
  it is almost 100 % the same playbook . 
  western imperialists are behind everything and a secessionist `` democratic people 's republic '' with close ties to moscow pops up out of nowhere . 
  no , it was a russian `` scientist '' . 
  only a month to go baby !, 
  i 'm not sure i would . 
  it may just be a legend or exaggeration , but i 've heard florida is so warm you basically have bedbugs or other insects crawling around your house no matter how clean you keep it . 
  that is not something i would want to deal with . 
  the article is from may 4th 2016 . 
  scaparotti has been in his job for a year now . 
  well , the absolute vast majority of them do n't want that ... 
  i 've heard some weird second hand stories though . 
  i was making fun of thinking le pen has much of a chance . 
  27 percent is an insanely large gap to overcome in two weeks . 
  well , le pen was expected to win the first round quite comfortably not that long ago , and macron came out of nowhere , so it is surprising in that sense . 
  yeah , i remember when remain and hillary were leading by 27 percent nationally in aggregate polls . 
  damn , i already got hyped about macron vs. m\u00e9lenchon in the 2nd round and now this . 
  i have this thing where i expect people to know finland is not technically a scandinavian country , and whenever scandinavian countries are mentioned in a positive way i 'm mad if they 're not talking about finland . 
  but man , it 's so arbitrary . 
  i would n't mind classifying finland as scandinavian if the other og states are not opposed to it . 
  if the majority language was a germanic language i do n't know what the difference would be at all . 
  i loved the story about president xi telling trump that korea used to be part of china , at which point the president of the united states realized that ( east asian relations ) `` it 's really not so simple '' . 
  well , not only was korea not directly a part of china but also just the idea and the way he tells it makes my head spin . 
  not so simple . 
  that wording tells so much about this simple man . 
  i 'm not sure many think about it as `` omg ebil takeover imperialist dictator ! '', 
  i 'm sure it can be thought through more rationally . 
  but as you said yourself , crimea was an invasion plain and simple and just not the way this kind of thing should be done . 
  now , if you look at the reasoning for the annexation of crimea and the possibility of the same kind of thing being done elsewhere , i 'm not sure it 's exactly scaremongering . 
  even those constant articles about the baltics training for a potential invasion , they do n't think it 's absolutely going to happen , but best prepare just in case it does . 
  above all else , i too agree that friendly terms with russia would be beneficial , but three years after an invasion of another european state ? 
  the situation is in a complete gridlock for a reason and unless things radically change on a large scale they will remain so for a long while . 
  not a very sexy topic apparently , but very smart of the uk to try to address this now . 
  climate change will bring more migration northwards and the less disease they bring with them , the better . 
  if he sets his sights on central asia , he will extend that as far as he can without really alarming russia too much . 
  as soon as that happens he will go no further . 
  he is a complete paper tiger and only ultimately cares about consolidating his own power inside turkey , however he might try to do something to the region south of turkey . 
  erdogan will not go to war with russia over some silly neo-imperialist fantasy , admittedly he could try to subtly influence the states in question in cultural ways . 
  he is not going to openly attack anybody , much less russia , a nuclear state . 
  he 's just yapping about because that is all he can do . 
  i do n't know , deciding something like this and brexit with 51 % of the vote in favor and calling it a mandate seems kind of nuts to me .
