  happy birthday . 
  even though i like to think i know quite a bit of european history , i 'm always surprised when i remember that unified italy is such a relatively recent thing , for such an important state . 
  82 % is absolutely nuts . 
  you win this one by a country mile , netherlands . 
  i 'm very torn on which one i hope wins . 
  i feel schulz would be a breath of fresh air and probably have better economic ideas for the current environment , but in terms of foreign policy i feel like merkel already has built up great experience over the past decade and right now it 's needed more than ever . 
  it says `` you get what order/wish for '' . 
  literally hitler . 
  the usa and the uk specifically asked/told stalin not to advance further into finland after the first annexations . 
  during the cold war the usa spent a lot of money covertly supporting finnish democracy and political parties . 
  and i doubt there was much appetite for a whole separate conflict against the ussr right after or even during the final days of nazi germany . 
  trump 's inauguration speech was all rah rah about taking power from the `` washington elites '' and giving it back to `` the people '' . 
  24 hours later the white house website page for disabled people is gone for good . 
  i 'm thinking , if the usa remains a democracy , the next democratic president will be a transgender black mexican woman who speaks five languages and after her we will have as a republican president literally a bloodthirsty robot terminator who straight up confesses he will murder everyone who votes for him . 
  both will win handily . 
  then after that a tree as a democratic president , then hitler 's resurrected brain in a jar for a gop white house . 
  well then there is little use even commenting on this . 
  or even discussing it for that matter . 
  it makes little difference if the title is misleading , if an entire court said so or just one prosecutor if the icc is funded by the eu all along and politically biased . 
  we should probably forget the whole thing , who cares anyway . 
  who knows what is going on in the mysterious land of ukraine . 
  that everyone being foreign agents , corrupt establishment shills , fake news and foreign meddlers . 
  not on the watch of a proud patriotic government !, 
  and til le pen had the death penalty included in her program on top of all the other sweet stuff . 
  geez . 
  as conan o'brien said , the lion is so bored in finland that he has resorted to stabbing himself in the head . 
  that remains to be seen . 
  if the usa really really wanted to bring down the eu they would probably be more dangerous than russia , but for the time being i 'm not sure that 's the case . 
  trump and his ideas could still just be a phase , not to mention that we do n't yet know exactly what those ideas are , while russia 's objectives are likely to continue far into the future . 
  if the usa made a permanent turn towards authoritarianism and anti-eu sentiment then possibly yeah . 
  i get the feeling it 's the latter . 
  trump sees everything and anything that is not the usa as a potential enemy . 
  this is also what his chief ideologist , steve bannon wants . 
  to be sure it is also what putin wants but i think he 's getting this one as icing on the cake . 
  i often ( no , really ) wonder how things might 've turned out had novgorod at least survived , and in the best case scenario actually even united russia in the manner that muscovy ended up doing . 
  it 's probably not inconceivable that the modern russian state would have some sort of established democratic tradition . 
  https://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/14/us/politics/north-carolina-governor-roy-cooper-republicans.html?_r=0 democratic candidate won gubernatorial election , the gop moved in to effectively strip the governorship of much of its power . 
  elsewhere there were/are attempts to make it harder for minorities to vote , which is happening in other states too . 
  voting district gerrymandering . 
  yeah , they got downgraded to ` flawed democracy ' for the first time . 
  they join states such as france and italy in that category . 
  ca n't help but agree with the move , look up what the republicans are doing in north carolina for example . 
  to be fair i added the `` against islam '' part , but it was very much implied . 
  you could also make the case that trump 's strongman fetish causes him to be a-ok with a general being sod , as opposed to civilian rule which is the norm outside of many authoritarian states . 
  and this could really set a worrying precedent , we 're just in luck this time around that this particular general has his head and heart in the right place . 
  when announcing mattis , trump declared that he was `` the closest thing the usa had to general patton '' . 
  because apparently general patton is needed , to fight against islam . 
  these are surprisingly non-terrible . 
  as a matter of fact i kept feeling more and more positive about this as i scrolled down . 
  i 'm not a big fan of much modern architecture design but this is cool . 
  yes i realized you could go there as i was writing my response . 
  i guess i could argue that it 's a bit different because that was 99/100 years ago and the lithuanian ssr was 25/26 years ago but fair enough . 
  i agree it 's silly to mention the ussr past every time , but in this case it might be useful to point out why there is a real case to be made for preparing for russian moves . 
  * sak, 
  it 's not even a competition in this one : (, 
  bannon is a very curious and concerning case . 
  he seems to think that the `` judeo-christian west '' has lost its way and the globalist eu has played a large role in that , so it needs to be torn apart . 
  every human casualty in this will be collateral damage . 
  curiously he also seems to think , or at least thought at least a few years ago , that putin 's russia is also a crony capitalist neo-imperial power that should be stopped , but first russia 's help is needed to defeat radical islamic terrorism in a `` great war '' . 
  it 's very telling that bannon apparently desperately wanted the freshly-confirmed dos james mattis gone . 
  mattis is a former nato head and supports retaining strong ties with the organization . 
  but my point is that even russia is a `` faulty '' kind of christian capitalist country in bannon 's view , in the long run . 
  so we will live in interesting times , sadly . 
  could be that bannon will be a significant historical figure of the early 21st century when it 's all said and done , for better or for worse , and most likely worse . 
  that being said i 'm not sure breitbart will be successful in the major 2017 european elections . 
  true . 
  it 's been that way for a long time now . 
  i think bannon 's job title and role mean that he will also have some more `` official '' american media outlets at his use . 
  maybe rfe somehow or something like that . 
  yup , steve bannon will soon be whispering sweet nothings into trump 's ear and he will be bringing breitbart to france and germany in an attempt to swing elections . 
  from the administration of a man who just said that news media circulating unverified stories about a leader of a country reminded him of nazi germany . 
  seems about right . 
  finland is located in an area that is not absolutely vital for russia to control geostrategically , finland does not have a large russian minority that could be exploited for nefarious purposes , finland does not have a long relatively recent history of russian/soviet domination and finland has a historical precedent of warding off a russian/soviet invasion as an independent state . 
  not all that much really changed in finnish/russian relations with the collapse of the ussr , finland is not a former part of the soviet empire that got away and an inner border of the ussr between the two did not become a border between two new sovereign states at the end of 1991 . 
  some of the former members of the warsaw pact do not enjoy these same luxuries , notably the baltic states . 
  i ca n't blame them for joining nato , the 20th century was cruel to them and the kremlin continues to try not take responsibility for the treaties that lead to that cruelty . 
  small states in eastern europe like the czech republic and slovakia have no russian minorities , but i would imagine the prague spring is still a thing in the national consciousness and i ca n't blame them for trying to get away from that as much as possible . 
  now sweden is of course totally different than all of the above and probably does not absolutely need to join nato , because for starters , finland is there to act as a buffer state for all intents and purposes . 
  but i am not as convinced as some of my fellow countrymen about the invincibility of the finnish army , which could be a problem for sweden too if push comes to shove and there is of course always gotland , which could be something russia would be eager to seize in a conflict . 
  but these are remote scenarios , of course , not very likely to come to pass . 
  that 's probably why the nato debate has continued in sweden and finland for decades now without resolution . 
  exactly . 
  people ought to notice that putin actually strongly `` condemns '' nationalism of all sorts in his speeches and emphasizes all-russian patriotism instead . 
  once the new right in europe helps him achieve his goals he will then turn on them . 
  he is actually already doing it , he just lamented the rise of nationalism in the west in a speech a few weeks ago . 
  russia is doing everything covertly or what is happening aligns with moscow 's goals very well . 
  the kremlin supports european nationalism undercover and condemns it in public . 
  once the eu has been either dismantled or weakened to a point where it 's completely dysfunctional , russian foreign policy will start to condemn the new right even more strongly . 
  yes , and not just any independence day , but our 99th independence day . 
  well , it 's not special by itself , but what comes next is . 
  and this by far the most vibrant and lively city in the country . 
  i think . 
  a proposition in the largest stage in by far the most significant country in the world , sure . 
  oh and california should never try to secede from the union even if the idea is brought up , that would create global instability too ; ), 
  i 'll gladly take a symbolic victory at this point . 
  a survivor of the holocaust endorsed van der bellen for the presidency specifically stating they were afraid of hofer , i 'll take that even if it 's a symbolic victory . 
  just make sure the unthinkable does n't happen in the federal election next year ... 
  if i were avdb i 'd go in to the press conference like `` perhaps i should 've done the whole speech in english back in may ... '', 
  they are for now , but apparently italy could soon enough end up having a comedian as a pm if things go really wrong and france , well , i do n't think le pen will win but after this year i do n't know anymore . 
  they are fine for now .
