well , there is a difference between overweight and obese , or even morbidly obese , which is what many people might think of when they hear the word ` overweight ' . 
  there is a very fine line between normal weight and slight overweight and if you cross it you wo n't be able to tell the difference really . 
  i know i ca n't . 
  `` overweight '' does n't mean `` ca n't walk at a regular pace '' or three chins . 
  a human wall there was , but nothing has changed . 
  our pm happily estimates that around 30 000 migrants will arrive this year in total and our minister in charge of internal policy `` does n't want to think about '' larger numbers ( really ) . 
  i still think we are fucked . 
  i have nothing against some migrants coming in every day and i want us to help those genuinely in need , but 30 000 in a year is insane . 
  and holy shit , is europe really that unsafe below the freaking arctic circle that you have to come all the way up here ? 
  our hope is a larger wave of demonstration against this emerging , one that does n't only consist of people on the far right . 
  we are working with finnish standards here . 
  they will try to go through croatia and slovenia next , though . 
  i noticed that too . 
  i thought it had to be an error . 
  i would have imagined this sub to be above resorting to nazi comparisons and insults towards germany this easily , but apparently for some this was not the case . 
  placing sanctions on unwilling states is a poorly thought-out idea , but really , `` germany destroying europe for a third time in 100 years '' ? 
  it 's always fuck this and fuck that over here . 
  fuck russia , fuck germany . 
  i 'd imagine fuck france is up next soon enough . 
  yes , this is a rather common trend in the neighbourhood . 
  i have a very positive image of georgia , not many finns know where the country is and older people might not even be aware of its existence ( which goes for much of the former ussr ) . 
  you have many problems but georgia seems like a country that has for about a decade or so now attempted to really get things done and move in a more european direction . 
  i hope you keep moving in that direction , sadly the eu will not be too excited about furthering integration in the near future because of russian attitudes on the matter . 
  i hope your people wo n't get discouraged by that and start looking at russia in response , although of course it is your choice to make . 
  as far as everything else goes ... the caucasian landscape and mountains are awesome . 
  tbilisi is a very lovely looking and impressive city that i intend to visit someday . 
  georgian national identity is strong , yes ? 
  poland is making some moves and duda has n't been in office for two weeks . 
  first foreign trip to tallinn , now a fighter jet deal with bulgaria . 
  way to go !, 
  we do , yes . 
  what about immigrants from the middle east though ? 
  : ) are they finnish ? 
  maybe even first-generation russian immigrants ? 
  it 's comfortable to think of swedish-speaking people as finns too and i do , but i wonder how far the criteria extends . 
  but maybe immigrating into the country and not being born here is precisely the deciding factor . 
  i 'm not sure any kind of preconditions for this exist . 
  there is probably very little ground for an euromaidan type of thing in ukraine , russia probably holds belarus even more dear than ukraine to be frank and the entire country seems to have a very soviet/donbass-type mentality to me . 
  western-oriented people probably make up around 10 % of the population at max . 
  you say `` eventually '' , so who knows , but belarus in the eu just seems like such a far-fetched thing from where we are right now . 
  i think belarus will only go pro-western if/when russia does . 
  things are still pretty good overall , even with all the bad news . 
  i would imagine that largely depends on who 's talking . 
  a rapper will sound different than a 60-year old grandmother living in an affluent suburb . 
  i used to think that french sounded elegant no matter what but then i was introduced to french rap . 
  it was quite shocking at first , actually : ) ( but i love it now ) my perception of russian greatly varies on who 's talking , too . 
  putin 's russian sounds sharp and `` tough '' because he tries to be sharp and commanding , whereas medvedev sounds rather pleasant ( in a totally straight way ) because he speaks calmly . 
  merkel makes german sound very pleasant , hitler not so much . 
  `` lights of a perverted science '' is one of my favorite terms of phrase in history ever . 
  it does such a brilliant job of vaguely but sharply describing what nazi germany was all about on the ... experimental side . 
  and it sounds absolutely horrifying , too . 
  i would name my band this if i had one . 
  at last , finland can into humid continental climate !, 
  is there any chance your national anthem might have lyrics again within , say , ten years ? 
  is there any talk about adopting some ? 
  are there political reservations about doing so since they were , apparently , last in use during franco 's reign ? 
  if putin is turning russia back into stalinist times , he is doing it very cleverly , as the political repressions and mass killings are no doubt the biggest tarnishing factor over the otherwise `` glorious '' achievements of the ussr during those times . 
  i guess the difference is that in stalin 's times political enemies where shot and now they are silenced and ridiculed to the point where they are only listened to in the west . 
  it 's difficult to maintain legitimacy forever if you keep on piling up bodies but if you just close mouths nobody will think too much of it . 
  clever . 
  if you think helsinki is ugly , you better stay away from the rest of the large cities to protect your eyes : ), 
  correct . 
  most major finnish cities tend to have a swedish name as well as a finnish one and the latter ones are used in english . 
  yet , the country goes by the swedish name `` finland '' ( `` fine land '' or `` end land '' ) and not the finnish `` suomi '' . 
  the original plan was to conquer the whole thing . 
  stalin planned soviet festivities in helsinki for december 1939 and the red army had whole manuals about the nature and roads of all of finland . 
  the ussr recognized a puppet government that claimed to represent all of the country . 
  moving the border further away from leningrad probably was a smaller objective and plans of course changed during the course of the war ( s ) . 
  above all , what i forgot to mention in my other post is that russia is absolutely an european country and part of the european civilization whether we like it or not . 
  i firmly believe that after the current storms pass , by the end of the 21st century this will seem obvious to everyone . 
  so much more unites us than divides us and neither europe or russia should really be worried about one another in the long run . 
  well , honestly ... when russia annexed eastern sweden / `` finland '' in 1809 finns numbered about 500 000 or so . 
  considering that this was early 19th century and what was going on elsewhere in the world , it would really not have been * that * `` immoral '' to just send everyone to siberia to die and annex the whole thing as a regular province of russia . 
  instead this new area was granted autonomy and continuation of all swedish-era laws . 
  this does not mean that finland would not exist otherwise and does not make up for dickery in the 20th century but it did help at the time . 
  also not invading finland at any time during the cold war despite the fact that the west would not realistically have done anything to stop it . 
  russia did play a huge part in destroying nazi germany , which was realistically * the worst thing ever * , not that this in any way excuses occupying the eastern bloc afterwards . 
  great music , art , literature , wonderful architecture in so many great cities . 
  there is something very admirable about the russian `` spirit '' which is humble , warm and friendly , very loyal too . 
  the closer you get to the political side of things the more my appreciation vanishes . 
  finnish goes the extra mile with * water * beak animal . 
  uh-huh . 
  my favorite russian `` news piece '' from this year is about sweden secretly plotting to re-establish imperial dominance over its former `` colonies '' ( technically a correct term i guess ) in northern europe , and this of course in alliance with poland in order to indirectly destroy russia . 
  it was sputnik news which is even more vile and ludicrous than rt to be frank but still ... sweden !, 
  i hope you decide to stay . 
  the uk , for all its obstructions , is one of the most important member states of the union and as someone who still is n't ready to assign this union to the ash heap of history it would be a bummer to see you go . 
  i think the deal that was agreed on is relatively good all things considered . 
  outside of that , well , it 's a nice place , bad weather and all . 
  one thing i really love about russian `` architecture '' is the willingness to use all kinds of different colors . 
  i swear 90 % of all houses in finland ( of the ones that are not just plain greyish of course ) are pale yellow or red and i just wonder if it 's so difficult to go with green ( this in particular looks really cool ) or blue at least sometimes . 
  it is worth noting that while `` war '' in hungarian is `` h\u00e1bor\u00fa '' , `` battle '' seems to be `` szata '' , which is very similar to the finnish/estonian word for `` war '' ( sota/s \u00f5da ) . 
  it 's not difficult to see the connection there . 
  exactly the same here . 
  `` at least putin would n't go easy on those child-molesting * muslims ! * '' . 
  at the same time many of these people do loathe putin , too , but some of them like him very much . 
  if i understood the study correctly , the -83 for finland means that 17 percent had a positive view of putin , which is what i 've been thinking is probably about right . 
   `` my attitude to this organization is special -- i see it as a cancerous tumor on the whole european continent . 
  it would only be for the better if this organization is dissolved , '' naryshkin said during a meeting with serbian lawmakers on thursday . 
   this dissolution could be conducted in several stages , the duma speaker suggested . 
  `` first of all , the usa should be excluded from the bloc and after this it would be possible to painlessly disband the whole organization , '' he said .
