  `` this would be a good step towards greater security and stability on the whole european continent . '' so this is what it has come to for russia . 
  `` please go away '' . 
  this alliance consisting of 28 countries , none of which seem all that eager to leave , is a cancer , as declared by the ... speaker of the russian duma . 
  right . 
  the part i love the most is where he downright suggests removing one specific country , which would of course be the most powerful one in the country and probably the only one capable of defeating russia in a military conflict by itself . 
  it 's ruija !, 
  are n't they the republicans now ? 
  or is it just a really forgettable name ? 
  it would be kind of ironic if ukraine did actually manage to carry out all the necessary reforms and changes required for eu membership only to discover that at that very moment the eu itself did n't exist anymore . 
  recently i 've been wondering if there will be a `` euro-atlantic community '' for ukraine to integrate to . 
  an eu state ca n't extradite people to a country where they could be subjected to the death penalty , which would happen if these guys were extradited to iraq . 
  it also turns out that yeah , it is very difficult to get proof of the crimes these fellows committed and just the current video footage evidence is n't enough to judge them . 
  so my honest guess is they 'll let these guys go if they pinky promise to be nice from now on . 
  [ link in finnish for what it 's worth ] ( http://www.iltalehti.fi/uutiset/2015121120817356_uu.shtml ) my favorite part of that piece is a sentence saying `` because it is not possible , in practice , to carry out an investigation in iraq , getting proof relies on questioning and video evidence '' . 
  yeah , you got that right . 
  it 's not possible to * carry out an investigation in iraq * , that is correct . 
  well , according to our minister of the interior there are about 300 refugees with terrorist connections in the country so better get used to the idea , i guess . 
  well , russia could ask france to start driving a more pro-russian agenda in the eu . 
  i would say that sanctions would definitely come to an end but it looks like italy is working on that already . 
  more likely , france would start looking at leaving the eu , which would be a devastating blow to the union . 
  if the union were to collapse , russia would be by far the largest political actor in europe and could throw its weight around much more than it can right now . 
  a right-wing franco-russian alliance would be a very effective counterweight to , for example , a german-british one . 
  there is nato , of course , but i doubt a fn-led france would be a very co-operative partner in that alliance either . 
  fn rising to power would be a huge geopolitical victory for russia , directly funded or not . 
  france itself would be rather fine in terms of its foreign policy , i 'm sure . 
  and if that is what will happen then so be it , of course . 
  i always hear that argument but honestly i do n't think that would be an issue . 
  the current one has parts that sound really ridiculous sung by drunk hockey fans too ( you know what i 'm talking about ! ), 
  and is very ... well , i do like it because it 's our national anthem but it 's very poor compared to finlandia . 
  if , * if * le pen could find a way to become president , the eu would be screwed in a major way . 
  the thing is already almost coming apart at the seams but that would be the final nail in the coffin . 
  interesting times we live in . 
  but little french birds tell me that she will make it to the second round and definitely lose there . 
  however let us not forget that award-winning human rights activist johan b\u00e4ckman is investigating and on the case : the bolsheviks overthrew the legitimate government of russia , so is this recognition legitimate ? 
  stay tuned . 
  i can say that 800 euros a month would be a hell of an upgrade over my current regular income as a student which is about 474 euros per month ( which is the regular student aid that is not any kind of loan and does n't need to be paid back ) . 
  oh and i could take 400 euros worth of loans every month , but since higher education is free in finland ( for now ) i ca n't really justify counting student loans as student income in this country . 
  it 's a shame that she has such a negative image these days because of the reguree crisis . 
  if there 's one person who knows what it 's like to have a continent split apart by political differences it 's merkel . 
  i hope she can find a way to stay in power , for she is the answer to europe remaining united in face of pressure from the outside . 
  saying that everyone must keep their hearts and borders open within the eu was a huge mistake , i hope she can recover . 
  i have often wondered if finland might have been able to keep petsamo in the north , for example , or get back some of ceded karelia in 1945/1947 if we did n't advance into russia proper during the continuation war . 
  occupying eastern karelia seems a really poor idea in hindsight , but it makes sense when you consider the rapid advance germany was making at the time . 
  the destruction of the ussr and the fall of moscow seemed inevitable . 
  yeah , you 're right , it 's in the shadows only rhetorically . 
  they probably have very nice lighting at those meetings too . 
  interesting . 
  while the world 's attention is on syria , turkey/russia and ukraine , china is advancing in the shadows . 
  surely this is just lip service to get turkey to stem the migrant flow and a few years later this will be forgot . 
  probably . 
  i 'm still prone to thinking that putin is a `` true believer '' as well , though and has `` genuine '' nationalist desires grounded in emotion in mind here as much as economical gain . 
  i like you . 
  not many seem to get it , but i laughed . 
  true , true . 
  and as i edited my post to reflect , there was already a lot of confusion in the summer about whether or not finland actually would have broken eu rules by letting the russian officials in . 
  i guess perhaps not , in which case romania probably played its hand smartly here . 
  i understand romania 's decision and i can respect it , but what matters is not the intention behind this choice but the outcome . 
  russia now sees that finland and romania , two eu member states , react differently to a suggestion of a russian politician entering while under a travel ban . 
  either we chose poorly earlier this year or romania did now , time will tell . 
  it could well be us , seeing as the eu rules apparently did not and do not apply to international conventions . 
  i still fully echo my compatriot 's thoughts above . 
  do you consider germany a nation that has lost its sovereignty or territorial integrity ? 
  has it become a 3rd world country ? 
  sure it has pooled some sovereignty to the eu and nato but just wondering . 
  because germany is what russia would be if it were a western-aligned country , except russia would probably be more independent because it 's stronger than germany . 
  france is another good example , she is doing as she pleases right now in a lot of ways when it comes to foreign policy for example . 
  i just have a hard time seeing this scenario where the usa and the west completely rape russia out of her natural resources and sovereignty if she does n't `` fight back '' with a man like putin at the helm . 
  i 'm probably missing your point a bit here . 
  you probably mostly refer to things like the expansion of nato and russia not being involved . 
  but as long as russia has her nuclear weapons i think `` losing territorial integrity '' is still a bit much even then . 
  what is there to `` turn '' to his advantage ? 
  isis is fucking evil , russia can help wipe out isis , we need russia 's help , that will probably bring advantages to russia . 
  russia will never `` attack '' a nato member . 
  they might try to mess with the baltic states , although i kind of doubt it , but they 'd do it slowly and try to pull away land piece by piece . 
  a flat-out , full-on military attack will not happen . 
  exactly . 
  i was very pro-nato until 2014 but after the ukrainian crisis i think it is better to wait for things to cool down . 
  we should have joined in the 90s or 2004 , it 's too late and risky now , although finland joining nato would be different than ukraine or georgia doing so since we 're not in that coveted `` post-soviet space '' . 
  why should we have joined earlier if there 's no reason to do so now ? 
  because all of europe did so and it would have been no big deal . 
  but as is i do n't see the russian threat as large enough to warrant risking worse relations . 
  russia , france and germany . 
  it feels really lame to just mention those of some of the largest countries in europe but they are that good . 
  outside of europe i really like canada 's and china 's . 
  if america the beautiful were the usa 's national anthem it would make the list too , the star spangled banner only really works for me for the ending . 
  surprised to see so many mention ode to joy . 
  it 's a great tune but does n't work at all as an anthem imo . 
  you are actually correct , yes . 
  i got finno-ugric mixed up with just finnic there . 
  there are three : ) but alas i doubt this would be of much interest to hungary . 
  we have the exact same thing happening over here in finland . 
  it 's not hate , it 's more like doubt and uncertainty . 
  i do n't share that viewpoint , mind you , because i doubt sweden desperately wants to have a land border with russia ever again ( not to mention i believe hitler strongly pressured sweden to not directly help during wwii ) , but still . 
  will you survive its reconstruction ? 
  china could be presented as common enemy and they could possibly see a vacuum to be filled now , too . 
  fwiw i kind of always got the impression putin sought to ally himself with the west but was forced to approach china when that went wrong . 
  well , that could be a thing of the past now . 
  a unified european continent will stare down the orientalist menace !, 
  and of course the us just elected a man who apparently believes climate change is a chinese-invented hoax . 
  the leader of the most powerful country in the world .
