  the first link you 've sent me is entirely on employment , which shows immigrants were hit harder by the economic crisis ? 
  the second literally says - as it 's title - ` people of foreign origin are often criminals compared to the general population . 
  but adjusted for age and social benefits the difference is not so great . ', 
  it quite literally says that adjusted for socioeconomic factors the difference in crime rates between immigrants and nationals is rather low . 
  the third i ca n't read as i do n't speak danish , unfortunately . 
  i 'd like to see that source , as the bra study concluded that there is virtually no causal link between immigrant status and crime that ca n't be explained by socioeconomic factors . 
   subpar worker no proof of that within the study i was looking at . 
  mind sourcing that ? 
  that study ( the bra one ) concluded that an immigrant is 1.5 to 2 times as likely to commit crime as a swedish national . 
  however , it also concluded that someone from a relatively poor background is 6 times as likely . 
  it also drew a causal line between the reception and hostility given to immigrants by native swedes and the crime rate . 
  so really , the best way to reduce crime would be to be nice to the immigrants and make sure they 're looked after . 
  diplomatic cables are n't sound resources for citation , as they are effectively reports by diplomats themselves to their home country . 
  by way of example , the irish ones were broadly misconstrued as having a factual basis , when they were heavily editorialized . 
  i am attempting to find the actual study itself . 
  it does not appear to be online . 
  if you can link me that , i would be obliged . 
  edit : [ found study ] ( https://www.bra.se/download/18.cba82f7130f475a2f1800012697/1371914727881/2005_17_brottslighet_bland_personer_fodda_sverige_och_utlandet.pdf ) . 
  you might want to read pages 71 on , as these discuss causality of violence among immigrants . 
  in tl ; dr format - hostility from swedes and resultant difficulties integrating are blamed . 
  it 's also worth noting that low socioeconomic status - as i have repeatedly said - makes an individual six times as likely to commit a crime . 
  immigrant status carries a 1.5 to 2 increase . 
   so where does the radicalisation and war come from ? 
  truly it is a mystery . 
  aliens ? 
  in the middle east ? 
  exploitation by western countries , combined with a near constant state of political turmoil and strife over the last 100 years . 
   what does `` academic fact '' say about letting tens of thousands of undocumented refugees are documented . 
  that is part of the process . 
  you should know that by now . 
   fighting age males from the most radicalized war-zone on the planet into europe , any peer-reviewed studies on that statistical negative correlation between devoutly religious people and crime rates would suggest we 'll be fine . 
   if only the world could be reduced to a few bookshelves of journal articles written by politically and culturally approved `` intellectuals '' . 
  those damn intellectuals . 
  carrying out transparent and procedurally sound research and not coming to the same conclusion as you . 
   good , what about promoting a violent , predatory religion as a cause of crime ? 
  does that ever happen ? 
  maybe not according to `` academic fact '' ? 
  so i decided to do some reading on this as it is brought up regularly . 
  as it turns out an individual 's religious beliefs have a negative correlation on their likelihood to commit criminal behavior . 
  ( 1 ) more orthodox religions tend to have the strongest deterrent effect . 
  ( 2 ) so yes , it does come up . 
  and as it turns out , it is proven to be quite the opposite . 
  '' `` if you love me , keep my commandments '' : a meta-analysis of the effect of religion on crime '' . 
  journal of research in crime and delinquency 38 ( 1 ) : 3 -- 21 . 
  ( 2 ) ellis , beaver & wright 2009 , p. 108, 
  i am saying that it is minuscule in comparison to deprivation and poverty as a cause of crime . 
  that figure is n't adjusted for socioeconomic status , which as i have said before is the single best indicator that someone will commit a crime . 
   why do people think that places like roseng\u00e5rd are complete shitholes and that immigrants are criminals if crime rates are steady / slightly decreasing . 
  is it just racism ? 
  could it be that immigrants are grossly overrepresented in crime ? 
  socioeconomic status of immigrants in sweden tends to be lower . 
  as they have less resources on arrival , they tend to live in deprived areas with higher crime rates . 
  accordingly crime rises among their own population . 
  think about it logically . 
  how many off the boat immigrants do you see living in wealthy areas ? 
   could it be that 4 of 5 rapists in sweden are foreign born or first generation swedes ? 
  source please . 
   i 'm genuinely interested why do swedes become increasingly anti-immigrant if everything is so rosy ? 
  why do people misattribute trends ? 
  it 's a human thing . 
  people with little exposure to different cultures tend to ball up and become xenophobic when they first encounter them . 
   going to need some quotations on that . 
  figures from the swedish crime survey ( scs ) show that exposure to crime has decreased since 2005 . 
  the number of convictions has remained between 110,000 and 130,000 in the 2000s -- a decrease since the 1970s , when they numbered around 300,000 -- despite the population growth . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.bra.se/download/18.9eaaede145606cc86546f/1398774378880/2014_swedish_crime_survey_2013.pdf ) . 
   i have a pre-existing hypothesis that it is lower class and lower middleclass citizens that commit most crimes ( might already be determined ) crime is attached to deprivation . 
  that is accurate , but for the reason that lower and middle class people are more likely to experience poverty and difficulty accessing social services , education , and employment . 
   now , if what you said was true , what does what i said have anything to do with it ? 
  well , since the immigrant population in sweden is around 2 out of 10 million or something similar , we would have a reduced amount of crime . 
  the immigrants are fewer than what the previous lower class , middle class was - but now it is a lot more concentrated . 
  there will always be a lower class - that is a constant throughout all of human history . 
  they are necessary to fill low tier employment positions . 
  the best thing that we can do is to try and alleviate their struggle , rather than get rid of them - doing the latter would simply result in a new lower class being created to fill the vaccuum . 
  i quote from wiki - sources therein :  the rate of exposure to sexual offences has remained relatively unchanged , according to the scs , since the first survey was conducted in 2006 , despite an increase in the number of reported sex crimes . 
  [ 34 ] this discrepancy can largely be explained by reforms in sex crime legislation , widening of the definition of rape , [ 35 ] [ 36 ] [ 37 ] and an effort by the government to decrease the number of unreported cases, 
  from a criminology perspective - no . 
  of course public opinion knows better than academic fact . 
   if you say the crime rates have remained low for 50years , great on them , that means they have a nice society ( in the last 50 years ) from which only 20years where in the eu . 
  it is less so that the crime rate is low and moreso that the crime rate has remained low despite heavy immigration . 
  yyyyeep - ` figures from the swedish crime survey ( scs ) show that exposure to crime has decreased since 2005 . 
  [ 3 ] the number of convictions has remained between 110,000 and 130,000 in the 2000s -- a decrease since the 1970s , when they numbered around 300,000 -- despite the population growth . ', 
  literally the first paragraph . 
   from what / r/europe , and especially sweden redditors are saying , they are truly screwed . 
  and from what criminologists and researchers in sweden are saying crime rates have fallen and remained low over the last 50 years . 
  but hey , what would they know compared to tabloid media and / r/europe ? 
  tell me your nationality and i 'll dig up a bunch of links on your countrymen doing exactly the same thing . 
  i do n't doubt that an often marginalized and socioeconomically disadvantaged group commit more crimes . 
  look at black communities in the us , for example . 
  deprivation is essentially the root cause of most crime worldwide . 
  they ca n't . 
  statistically crime rates in sweden has been steady to falling over the last few years , despite heavy immigration . 
   news are supposed to show us the reality or be as objective as it is possible . 
  supposed to . 
  rarely do . 
  that goes for both sides of every argument . 
  look at any of the ttip threads for examples of complete lack of logical thought . 
   i do n't think that which is why i find what ireland is doing much worse than bermuda . 
  bermuda is taking away taxes but nobody really sets up there . 
  in ireland they do . 
  those jobs are being taken away from other european countries .
