  so you honestly prefer a company to use a tax haven , giving virtually no benefit to the people living there , rather than setting up shop and employing a huge number of people ? 
  seriously ? 
   i do n't see how natural resources or colonial past has anything to do with it . 
  ireland when you compare it to most countries is historically lucky . 
  haha , are you fucking serious ? 
  our population numbers have n't recovered from the potato famine . 
  we had the troubles in the north making life a living hell for a huge number of people . 
  ireland is notorious for being completely unlucky . 
   unlike others irish people after indepedence could travel to the uk and get treated like a british citizen . 
  there are millions of irish americans in america . 
  it 's also an english speaking country . 
  it also used to get free money from other european countries for development . 
  irish people faced massive discrimination in the uk . 
  there 's a whole generation that grew up there that were treated like ` the blacks of europe ' for lack of better words . 
  i do n't see how being forced to move to the uk to get a job - and facing that sort of behavior - is a good thing at all . 
   ireland may have started out as a poor country in the 1920s but the fact that it needed beggar thy neighbour policy to get ahead means that the government policies have failed . 
  as i said to you before , we rank above you in the eurostat quality of life ratings . 
  if ireland is a failure , the uk is a stinking pile of failure . 
   no it has n't . 
  what the irish government did was self serving and harmed countries that have gone out of their way to help ireland when it was poor . 
   they guranteed liabilities of irish banks and only them . 
  they changed that when it turned out it was illegal . 
  they did it for two years when the eu forbids state aid for more than 6 months . 
  all of this to give themselves an advantage over others . 
  the extension of the bank guarantee was n't illegal - not sure how you got that at all . 
  approval was gotten from the eu . 
  this served to protect european interests in ireland as much as domestic interests - a loss of liquidity would have meant that a lot of people across the union would be out of pocket for a lot of money . 
   i hope the irish economy is real and will not collapse once the tax shoppers move to eastern europe . 
  tech industry is booming here lately . 
  a lot of it focused companies have their emea headquarters in dublin now . 
   you 're right . 
  it is , but that does n't matter . 
   europe is the artificial creation of a collection of bureaucrats who wanted to collectively protect themselves from a changing world by forming a power block . 
  there is no real shared identity . 
  ah , now i see which one of us was biased . 
  europe has a shared culture and identity - it stems all the way back to the roman empire and beyond . 
  the eu is just as artificial as invading countries and assimilating them into an empire . 
  the difference is that it is consensual . 
   true . 
  all created by bureaucrats and staffed by failed career politicians . 
  and the anglosphere has no equivalent ... 
  but as i noted above , it does n't matter . 
  it 's fluff held together by treaty , its not built on any sense of shared identity . 
  that treaty contains - amongst other things - an entire legal and political system , with vast competency to pass law . 
  it also contains unified defence and foreign policies . 
  that 's more than the commonwealth , not less . 
   meh , that 's an entirely arbitrary decision on your part . 
  there is n't anything really behind it . 
  europe is not a nation , its just a collection of treaties . 
  you have basically sliced the cake the only way it supports your conclusions . 
  europe is far , far more integrated than the commonwealth . 
  europe has a single parliament , a council of ministers and commission ( that effectively parallel a national gov ` t ) , the ecj ( court ) , and a vast body of law . 
  the commonwealth does n't have any real parallel in that regard . 
   if you take the english speaking commonwealth nations together with the us - `` the anglosphere '' , there is an underlying cultural commonality that we do n't have with europe , and the number of brits in those nations vastly outnumbers those on continental europe . 
  there is no real unity beyond the loose association of the commonwealth and shared heritage and culture . 
  the whole eu debate in the uk is centered on political and legal issues , not cultural ones . 
  because europe is a single continent , most of which is contained within a strong legal and political union . 
  the commonwealth is dispersed across the globe , and does n't have nearly as much binding law or political bodies therein . 
   how do you work that out ? 
  the link i posted shows the complete opposite . 
  i referred to [ the wiki page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_diaspora ) which has estimated numbers per country . 
  add them up from there . 
  sorry , except for you guys . 
   there is no guarantee that leaving the eu will decrease fdi in the uk . 
  indeed , fdi goes from strength to strength in the uk currently , despite the referendum being on the horizon . 
  because you have n't left the eu . 
  no shit . 
   if the echr overturns the uksc on the same facts and law , this does not mean that the latter reached the wrong decision . 
  it just means that the former is a senior court and they had a different opinion . 
  the uk has many very fine judges . 
  the ecthr has a proven track record - be it from my own country 's cases such as * norris v ireland * or from any other signatory state - of holding states accountable where domestic courts have failed . 
  this is particularly important for the uk , given the traditional lack of accountability built into your legal system ( sovereign immunity , by way of example ) . 
   human rights are not derived from god . 
  they are the result of laws made by men . 
  there is no reason why the legislation and judiciary underpinning them should be at a european level rather than a global level or a national level . 
  just as many countries in the world have good human rights records outside the echr ( e.g new zealand , canada , australia ) so will the uk . 
  human rights , by nature , should be considered to emanate from one 's humanity . 
  the alternative - a noncosmopolitan model , as you advocate for - has been present in virtually every human rights atrocity we 've seen for the last century . 
  nations are the worst guardians of human rights within their own borders . 
  supranational courts are far , far superior - the echr has proved that . 
   the british bill of rights will be legislation . 
  case law will arise from it . 
  i 'm not arguing that judges should n't be the ones deciding cases . 
  i am saying that if judges make decisions beyond the scope of the intent of the legislature , the legislature should be free to change the law , to rein in a judge . 
  this is the normal democratic process . 
  the uk ratified the echr , and agreed to be bound by the precedent created by same . 
  calling the echr undemocratic is rather ridiculous in that context . 
  what has happened here is that your country is not happy that it is being held accountable to obligations it agreed to meet , and is now seeking a way out . 
   and as you 'll have seen from that link , there is a variety of opinion on whether or not the uk benefits economically from being in the eu . 
  you 'll find - as mentioned in the review of same studies - that those that conclude that the eu has a negative fiscal impact fail to account for benefits such as foreign direct investment and higher trade flows ( ie . 
  the very benefits i mentioned earlier ) by way of example . 
  instead they take a relatively narrow static approach to same . 
  more thorough reviews , that account for fdi by way of example , find that the eu has a net benefit . 
   i 'm not sure why you think that the uk supreme court would not be able to hold the uk government to its legal obligations . 
  given the significant body of law that has seen the ecthr effectively overturn uksc cases , that would seem to be exactly the case . 
   as for departing from precedence from the echr , that is entirely appropriate . 
  not particularly . 
  the entire reason for an international treaty protecting human rights is that it operates at a supranational basis , as human rights should exist beyond the interpretation of courts of member states . 
  otherwise uk courts could - and have attempted to - simply take a harmonious approach to applying the treaty ( hirst , by way of example ) . 
  this effectively results in some people being entitled to fundamental human rights and others not , based solely on a border .
