  ireland . 
  that answers the first question . 
  18 to drink . 
  depressed drinking in a smelly pub with a dose of cynicism . 
   additionally , negotioations are secret so we do n't really know what are they doing . 
  but we will know what the entire text of ttip is for at least a year before the ep votes on it . 
  if you think that ( insert scary corporate body ) has the power to push a crooked treaty through the european parliament ( composed of representatives that are directly elected ) , both us houses , the council of ministers ( composed of representatives from national gov ` ts ) , and various national parliaments ( which you elected ) , you should probably go to / r/conspiracy . 
  or alternatively write the next bond film . 
  by the time it comes to publication , it will still have to pass through the european parliament , the council of ministers , and several national legislatures ( depending on national law on same ) . 
  if you call that a ` done deal ' you 're either mislead or delusional . 
   can you explain why you think that the benefits of allowing companies to sue a country for these reasons outweigh the drawbacks ? 
  do you know the specific provisions that isds was applicable to in the context of national legislation ? 
  they were anti-discriminatory trade clauses . 
  in effect this means that a company could take a country to the dispute process if they passed laws restricting the sales of ttip signatory state goods in their country ** solely on the grounds of place of origin ** . 
  it is n't some sort of anarcho-capitalist enforcement clause . 
   here is my problem with this argument , look at the composition of the european parliament , do you think that it wo n't pass ? 
   and that composition will not change once the full document is known , so citizens effectively have no way of deciding on it . 
  citizens elected meps , who will vote on it . 
  that 's representative democracy - it 's not perfect , but it 's by far the best system for legislating . 
  it is the same in pretty much any country with an elected legislature . 
  furthermore , the council of ministers ( representatives from gov ' t from each of the 28 member states ) will have to ratify it as well . 
  so there will be national elected representatives deciding on ttip as well . 
   similarly , for most of the ep any trade agreement with the us is better than none , so ttip has effectively already passed . 
  if nothing changes whatever comes out of those negotiation rooms is final , the ep is already participating in the negotiations by way of voting on recommendations for the treaty . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.theparliamentmagazine.eu/articles/news/ttip-eu-parliament-vote-paves-way-new-isds ) an example of that . 
  and if they 're not happy with the final document , they can ( and will ) reject it . 
  it 's standard eu procedure - the ep and ec have to agree to it . 
  ceta is another trade agreement with somewhat similar terms , and ratification is n't expected to happen for two years . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/europpblog/2015/07/16/the-ratification-of-ttip-in-the-european-parliament-promises-to-be-a-highly-contested-issue/ ) a blog from lse on same . 
  just a friendly reminder that the european parliament ( and everyone else who is interested - citizens included ) will be given at least a year to view the full text of ttip before making a final vote on same . 
  mesrine : public enemy and the beat that my heart skipped . 
  both french . 
  i 've given their english titles as my french is woeful . 
  not sure why you put ` vote on it ' in commas . 
  they 're literally doing exactly that , and with full access to the text . 
  where are you getting the $ 1000 figure ? 
  i 'm getting $ 175 for the certificate and around $ 80 for the passport . 
  only naturalization costs $ 1000 + euros or whatever . 
  ukip might want that , but the average ukip voter is n't fond of new economic immigrants taking up residence in the uk . 
  allowing uk residents to live and work in europe requires reciprocity , and the eu will be strict on that . 
  now you 're just scaremongering . 
  the ttip arbitration clauses only allowed an action to be taken where discriminatory laws and regulations were introduced by member states . 
  in other words , where a business is targeted solely for being from the us or eu ( and not for legitimate safety or public interest concerns ) . 
  i 'd say most expats in spain or france can afford that . 
  edit : where are you getting the $ 1000 figure ? 
  i 'm getting $ 175 for the certificate and around $ 80 for the passport . 
  only naturalization costs $ 1000 + euros or whatever . 
  nope . 
  the risk to seoul is basically one of the factors that makes invading the dprk incredibly costly . 
   ireland is in a similar situation where it 's responsible for 11 % of europe 's banking debt but is paying for 42 % of it . 
  that 's an [ inaccurate figure ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/ireland/comments/2abp0c/you_are_aware_that_ireland_bailed_out_the/cith8nk ) that was proven so quite a while back . 
  not sure if it 's viable , and if it is , i 'm not sure it 'll happen in my lifetime . 
  having said that , i do n't feel irish the way my parents or grandparents do . 
  i feel european , and from ireland . 
  europe - and particularly the eu - is something i 'm proud of . 
  it is as much my identity as being irish is . 
  accordingly , i think that a federal europe is a good objective to work towards . 
  even if we wo n't achieve it for a long time . 
  are you honestly offended by pictures of european monarchs on coins minted in their respective countries appearing in yours ? 
  to be honest , i really do n't care . 
  if we can shove a large stringed instrument on our coins , the rest of our eurobuddies can lash their monarchy on it to their heart 's content . 
   anyone who thinks somone who comes up with a pan-european army doesnt at least have ideas of federation in the back of their mind , is n't thinking hard enough . 
  i 'd imagine president juncker is far more concerned that there 's conflict quite literally under way on the doorstep of the eu . 
   its clear a lot of higher ups view a federation as the `` end goal '' it 's also quite clear that a significant proportion of them are completely opposed to a european federation . 
   it 's an entirely different thing altogether . 
  you 're talking about an agreement between the memberstates of the european union ( of which some are exempt ) , to an institutional unification across all memberstates , current and future . 
  the military is n't in a test tube , it 's not isolated from the rest of the world . 
  it 's linked with society - the logistics , funding , training , land etc. , you ca n't separate a unification of the military on this scale without more radical changes in the long run . 
  not particularly - the entire point of the cfsp is unifying member state military and foreign policy . 
  having a joint-eu army is the next logical step . 
   there 's also the matter of people accepting this kind of change - at what point will you get ireland , finland , sweden , the uk , germany , france , spain , and the dozens of other member states all on the exact same page on foreign policy and their view of the world that they 'd consider a total release on foreign policy , and the massive step of military unification ? 
  nothing juncker has said precludes member states from having a terrestrial army . 
  i 'm also confused by your belief that ms would be against a `` total release on foreign policy '' , considering that they 'd be creating an eu army , not giving up their own . 
   there 'd have to be decades of trust built up and the conditions would have to be correct - that is , there will have to be a basis for such radical decisions to be made that states would give up their sovreignty . 
  it would have to be a situation in which it would no longer make sense to have a separate military , which would mean that in working terms the states of the eu would be more or less working as a single unit . 
  firstly , the eu already maintains a 28 country-strong rotational battlegroup under the csdp . 
  the concept of a european military force is n't a radical decision at all . 
  secondly , it 's entirely justified having an eu army - it 'll allow europe to take charge of it 's own defence , rather than relying on nato . 
  if anything , it 'd allow the eu to maintain it 's own sovereignty against russia and the us . 
   to be a superpower it to be a player in the competition for global domination , the pursuit of subduing and subverting weaker states to your will . 
  to exert your influence to suit your interests . 
  this will create , inevitably , clashes with other players which will ultimately necessitate their defeat in the game . 
  we saw `` the west '' defeat the eastern bloc with the collapse of the ussr , for example . 
  again - this is something that the eu already does economically and politically . 
  the entire nature of statehood is a `` eat or be eaten '' struggle , and it always has been . 
  the alternative you 're suggesting is that europe simply not continue to grow and develop , and instead revert hundreds of years to a warring mass of small states . 
   and what , you think that 's just going to appear out of the blue and we 're all good ? 
  you think we can just up and decide to unify our military without anything else ? 
  no fiscal union , no unification of foreign policy ? 
  really ? 
  seeing as how we 've already implemented a eu-wide common security and defence policy , under which the eu takes responsibility for peacekeeping and enforcement of treaties , it 's entirely viable without significant institutional change . 
   you think that two superpowers wo n't compete ? 
  the entire nature of markets and capitalism forces every state on the planet to compete with eachother . 
  for the eu to supplant the us , we 'd have to defeat it on every front internationally - economically and politically . 
  if we pull punches we 're always going to be inferior . 
  considering that we 're already `` competing '' with the us economically and politically , i take it your meaning of `` defeat '' is not in a military sense ? 
   there 's so much wrong with america , but the answer is n't to become a more powerful america , which is what european unification will produce . 
  president juncker is proposing a pan-european army , not a federation . 
  did you read the article ? 
   what 's the point of defeating the us when you replace it with something functionally worse for the world ?
