the eu has not done this with canada or south korea both of which can only import goods to the single market that fully respect eu regulations . 
   the uk should not go for an arrangement similar to current arrangements , but make a new one . 
  a fta is not subject to the eu 's oversight , it is negotiated between the parties . 
  the eu , having the significantly stronger bargaining position , will likely demand that any fta does n't further liberalize the service market . 
  it 'll also likely demand that eu competition law , health , safety , and product regulations are adhered to as well . 
   this is not true . 
  south korea has free trade with the eu but is not part of the eea . 
  an fta would also be subject to eu oversight , and ultimately any fta that resembles the uk 's current standing in the single market would likely be equally , if not more , regulated by the union . 
  ( [ source ] ( http://www.cer.org.uk/sites/default/files/smc_final_report_june2014.pdf ) ), 
   there are many countries in the world that do this , e.g. 
  norway , switzerland , iceland , canada , south korea , japan , australia , new zealand , singapore , chile ... 
  the uk would be like one of them , except more powerful than all of them . 
  i think the bigger issue for the brexit crowd is when they discover that , to continue to trade in the single market area , they 'll still have to follow the regulations set down by the eu ( a la norway in the eea ) . 
   not really , you say that like its clean cut , i 'm more against uk being in the eu , but i 'm yet to see any hard facts of what would happen if we did leave . 
  from both sides its all speculation . 
  any study into a country leaving the eu is going to be speculative . 
  that does n't mean that we ca n't make a reasonably accurate assumption of what will happen . 
   trade is always brought up as its massive aspect of leaving , and to be really naive here , i always just think ... why ca n't we still trade like we do now but not be a member of the eu . 
  going back to my analogy , it just seems unnecessary to think strong nations need to be led by the hand on these things , they 're not children . 
  why do they need to be part of this little club with a bunch other rules n ' such to trade . 
  page 29 of the study i linked goes through virtually all of the alternative models , and concludes that none of them are better for the uk as regards trading with europe . 
  there 's little sense in me copying and pasting it . 
   i just do n't understand why , there ca n't just be a trade agreement within europe not the eu , as even if we 're not in the eu it still benefits everyone . 
  i do n't get why its mutually exclusive , why ca n't we have the same trading situation but not be part of the eu . 
  it just seems petty , as not being part of the eu means we can trade more easily with nations outside of the eu , so its like france/germany are just being selfish . 
  because being a part of the single market involves accepting the rules that go with it . 
  the uk ca n't just take the bits it likes and ignore the others . 
  as for negotiating third party trade agreements , the uk would no longer be party to the eu 's bilateral agreements , nor would it have access to the leverage that the single market allows it . 
  it 's also worth noting that 50 % of foreign direct investment in the uk comes from within the eu - if brexit happens , the automotive and computer service industries will be devastated , by way of example . 
   oh and as for the whole `` foreign worker '' bullshit , yeah for what your saying there i will take the `` dey turk ma jerb '' stance , we have enough people , we do n't need more coming in . 
  yes they take the `` low-paying service jobs '' , but we have enough unemployed people , and i know fully well they 're willingly not taking them . 
  but if they were lots of them vacant , and there were n't the immigrants to fill the void maybe they 'd filter in to them . 
  look at [ page 73 ] ( http://www.cer.org.uk/sites/default/files/smc_final_report_june2014.pdf ) - immigration has a relatively small effect on briton 's employment prospects . 
  it also has no discernible effect on the average worker 's wages . 
  however , it does significantly boost tax revenue for the state . 
  of course , feel free to correct anything incorrect in the above . 
  edit : i notice that you edited your post . 
   we 've been in the eu for 55 years , you ca n't make that statement and use it in that manner , as there is no counter side for comparison . 
  there is no alternate universe uk that did n't join the uk to compare it to , and since being in the eu is the norm , and no indepth study into leaving has been done , its a mute point . 
  [ there is an in-depth study , with all the methods used completely transparent and listed , which comes to that conclusion ] ( http://www.cer.org.uk/sites/default/files/smc_final_report_june2014.pdf ) . 
  look at page 24 . 
   which was totally fine for the 1950 's - 70 's , but now , looking at the uk , its a stable first world country , with a powerful economy , military , culture , currency . 
  being in the eu is just pointless now , its more for other countries to join for support so they can grow . 
  considering that cer estimates eu membership to have brought # 130 billion in trade between uk and eu member states , the economic argument falls down significantly . 
  ( [ source ] ( http://www.cer.org.uk/sites/default/files/smc_final_report_june2014.pdf ) ) not to mention that , should the uk leave the eu , it would be forced to comply with eu regulations regardless to continue to sell to the single market . 
  staying in the eu gives the uk some say , whilst leaving gives it virtually none . 
   its like being 35 , married , kids , a car , a successful job ... but living with your parents . 
  its time to move out , you do n't need they telling you what do to , you agree with most of what they say , but you do n't need them telling you , you know . 
  you 'll take on board all they 've said , and most you 'll carry on with as its common sense . 
  others you want the freedom to do your own way , because you 're not your parents or sisters/brothers and you have unique matters . 
  but you 'll still talk to your parents , and have a great relationship with them , and you 'll discuss things , but it wo n't be forced upon you if you do n't agree . 
  as a mature adult you 'll be able to make your own decisions like you have been anyway for other matters ( for hundreds of years , and become pretty damn powerful from in the process ) . 
  that 's a fairly inaccurate analogy . 
  imagine you run a country . 
  the vendors in your state want to sell to mine , and to all of my neighbouring states . 
  however , as each country has ( sometimes vastly ) different rules on trade , importing and exporting goods is difficult and costly . 
  one day , you and all the rulers band together to create a unified market . 
  you will allow all the vendors from the other countries to sell their goods in yours , provided they meet certain conditions , and vice versa . 
  they also agree to allow citizens from your state to live and work in other countries without a visa , and you to do vice versa . 
  this instantly boosts imports and exports , which means more revenue for your state , and more jobs for your people . 
  as foreign workers arrive in your country , there is some discontent as they take low-paying service jobs . 
  however , this discontent is ill-founded - the taxes that the foreign workers pay contributes significantly to your economy , and allows for a workforce to support your rapidly ageing population . 
  ( [ source ] ( http://www.cer.org.uk/sites/default/files/smc_final_report_june2014.pdf ) ) the travel agreement also allows 1.8 million of your citizens to work abroad , and allows them to work in jobs that are n't popular in your home country . 
  there are some poorer countries that are members of this economic union . 
  their lack of infrastructure and underdeveloped economies makes trading with them unprofitable . 
  accordingly , the richer countries agree to invest in the poorer countries , as they will ultimately have access to a bigger market in the long term . 
  this allows countries such as your neighbour ( imaginary ireland ) to become your fourth-biggest export market , as the increased investment stimulates their economy . 
  * i 'm going to stop the analogy here , as there 's dozens of more really obvious benefits that the uk gets from eu membership . 
  i think the picture is clear . 
   i 'm surprised by ireland : formerly part of the uk , left , joined the eu , joined the euro , was hit by a big crisis , and still no major exit movements like those from britain , not even exit from the euro . 
  rather surprising , really . 
  the euroskeptic movement has n't really taken off here . 
  whilst there 's some resentment about paying off the bailout , i think it 's accepted that ireland would be up the metaphorical creek without eu financial support and infrastructural investment . 
  there 's also the fact that the eu is good for travel , tourism , and emigration . 
  all of which irish people are fond of . 
   luckily for you its not dutch . 
  whoops . 
  corrected it . 
  apologies - head gets fuzzy at end of work day . 
   i cba to go find out where they keep the methodology but when you adjust for such things its usually income , where you live , age , education level , etc. 
  it should be cited in the relevant section . 
  i 'm asking as them consensus on what factors that make up one 's socioeconomic status is n't set in stone . 
   i disagree . 
  i think its far easier to get out of it when you are n't an ingroup in a much larger group . 
  as in , those who are ethnically the same , hillbillies here , would more easily be able to escape it . 
  i agree that membership of a certain group might make it more difficult . 
  what i dispute is that the formation of those groups is exclusively attached to ethnicity or culture , rather than socioeconomic status or shared experience . 
  for example , geographically exclusive gangs formed across racial boundaries in the uk which are tied to neighbourhoods . 
   its not attached when you have adjusted for ses . 
  thats kind of the point with adjusting . 
  can you explain what factors were adjusted for in the study exactly ? 
  it should be in the methodology . 
  i ask as i ca n't read danish . 
   i personally think its related to the `` thug/gangsta '' - culture that muslim immigrant boys have adopted ( currently gangs are either immigrant gangs or the `` original '' motorcycle gangs ) in the self-imposed ghettos . 
  even if education is free its hard to get out because you are pressured by your peers not to take school seriously . 
  that 's a universal issue for people of low socioeconomic status . 
  look at hillbillys in the states , or at travelers in my native ireland . 
  edit : accidentally a language . 
  does it provide a causal link between ethnicity and culture , and crime ? 
  because if that is n't present it 's far more likely that it is attached to the social status of migrants .
