   ultimately the people that enact legislation should be elected politicians , not unelected judges . 
  not talking about legislation at all . 
  talking about precedent . 
  if you 'd rather elected officials handle all jurisprudence , look at the us and the failures of directly elected judges there . 
   obviously , human rights lawyers will lose out . 
  my colleagues are academics . 
  they 'd likely have far more work if the bill passes , given the chronic state that human rights will be in in the uk after a few years . 
  obliged . 
  that 's rather interesting - i did n't think it had gotten that high . 
  i think it 's also rather interesting to note , as the author himself highlights , that uk citizens place the right to free movement within the eu as one of their favourite benefits same confers . 
   unfortunately it seems that you did not read your own link . 
  this study does not conclude that eu membership is a benefit to the uk . 
  it specifically states : `` the purpose of this note is not to reach a conclusion on the economic merits of the uk 's eu membership '' that was a statement of the objectives of the paper , which was to assess what would happen to the uk post-brexit . 
  an overview of the various studies - in pure terms - of the benefits the eu offers to the uk can be found on page 5 . 
  here 's the rest of that paragraph , as you evidently did n't read beyond the first sentence :  the purpose of this note is not to reach a conclusion on the economic merits of the uk 's eu membership ( a brief overview of such cost-benefit analyses is provided in section 2 ) , but to describe some of its economic impacts , and the possible implications of alternative arrangements . 
  were the uk to withdraw from the eu , its subsequent relations would be the product of negotiation , and would be unlikely to mimic precisely the situation of another country . 
  however , looking at other countries ' relationships with the eu -- from the non-eu members of the european economic area ( eea ) who adopt the majority of eu law in return for access to the single market , to those that are entirely free from eu influence and trade without any preferences -- will help to clarify the effects of membership , and offers an insight into the trade-offs that might arise in the event of uk withdrawal . 
  anyway , back to you . 
   it actually does n't really discuss the level of protection in detail . 
  martin howe qc of the tory party confirmed that the draft bill will depart from all established strasbourg jurisprudence , and instead return to the core echr itself . 
  this effectively removes all of the precedence set in the ecthr , which has the effect of ` fleshing out ' the protections contained in the echr . 
  furthermore the bill will have the effect of making the uk supreme court the highest court to which human rights violations can be appealed - not ideal for a bill which aims to hold the state accountable . 
  virtually all of my colleagues who work in human rights law think the proposed bill is a huge step backwards for the uk , and simply an effort to shirk responsibility . 
  can you source that please ? 
  i 've read [ quite the opposite ] ( http://i.imgur.com/oobcuto.jpg ) . 
   actually , there is no comprehensive study stating that eu membership is a benefit to the uk . 
  there are studies showing that immigration is a benefit to the uk economy however , immigration impacts other things than the economy , for example infrasture , wages , housing , community cohesion and so forth . 
  funny - i found [ pretty much exactly that ] ( http://www.parliament.uk/briefing-papers/sn06730.pdf ) . 
  immigration has a net benefit for the economy . 
  includes analysis re housing and wages . 
  ` community cohesion ' is entirely subjective , but [ here ] ( http://www.parliament.uk/pagefiles/10493/lln%202010-023%20immigrationfp.pdf ) is a paper prepared for the house of lords that concludes that immigration breeds welcome diversity among entrenched communities . 
   you should check the conservative manifesto . 
  they specifically campaigned on a british bill of rights . 
  that is exactly what i was referring to . 
  it offers significantly reduced protection in comparison to the echr . 
  those countries are part of the commonwealth . 
  regardless , europe is the most popular for british expats to emigrate to and reside in . 
  not sure what that has to do with the britain-eu relationship . 
  for the record , i 'm in favour of bringing irish tax law in line with the eu norm . 
   actually , countries will be motivated to act in their interests . 
  if it is in the interests of spain to have many british retirees , then i am sure they will try and keep them . 
  if it is not in their interests , then why on earth should brits be there ? 
  i am failing to understand the problem . 
  if that were the case , there would be no brexit at all . 
  immigration is a net benefit to the uk . 
  as are the economic benefits of eu membership . 
  unfortunately , international relations are often based on emotion and sentiment . 
  and britain would run their relationship with the eu member states into the ground via brexit . 
   not quite . 
  the uk can encact its own human rights legislation ( a bit like many countries in the world that are not in europe do ) . 
  it can . 
  and it wo n't , as the tories have already said . 
   no , this is not guaranteed . 
  there are some people like me who are pro-brexit , but happy to have high immigration in the uk . 
  you are very , very much so the exception . 
   if the spanish people do n't want brits on the costa del sol , then of course , the spanish government should limit them . 
  i am not aware of spanish people having this opinion though . 
  visa waivers are granted out of principles of reciprocity . 
  having the uk restrict europeans from living and travelling therein will result in similar treatment on the continent . 
   this really depends on what bill of rights and judicial structure the uk puts in place instead of the echr . 
  the tories have already indicated that - should they withdraw from the echr - any rights awarded therein will be significantly curtailed . 
   in relation to things like work , the uk might put in place some limits , and then other countries might also put in place some limits . 
  the uk is virtually guaranteed to put in substantial limits . 
  restricting immigration is one of the driving factors for brexit . 
  these limits are likely to be restrictive in the areas of work and residency , which will lead to reciprocal restrictions by the eu . 
  in effect brexit is likely to spell the end of the ` costa del sol ' - ian and their equivalent expats in other member states . 
   the uk has many years of parliamentary democracy , the common law , the rule of law , freedom of speech and civil liberties and due process . 
  these things were there before the echr and they will be there after it . 
  the uk has also had a [ significant number of cases come before the echr ] ( http://www.echr.coe.int/documents/cp_united_kingdom_eng.pdf ) which would n't have been addressed without subscribing to same . 
   i 'm not sure where your data is from . 
  leaving the eu wo n't of itselkf make travelling , living or working in these countries more difficult : it depends what arrangements are put in place afterwards . 
  things like travelling will likely not be impacted . 
  common sense really - can you see the other member states allowing uk residents a carte blanche to travel and become resident post-brexit if they wo n't reciprocate ? 
  the most likely situation is that uk citizens will be treated similarly to us citizens regarding residency , employment , and travel . 
   i trust the uk parliament to enact legislation that the british people want . 
  given that your parliament is n't even particularly representative of voter 's preferences as a whole , i do n't . 
   the main destinations of choice for brits to travel and live are not eu countries . 
  on a continental scale , europe has more uk expats than north america , the next leading continent . 
  half a million more , by my cursory estimate . 
  leaving the eu would make travelling to , living in , and working in these countries far more difficult ; the right to travel and live in other member states would effectively be removed . 
   the uk govenment is also able to enact consumer protection legislation ( as is every other government in the world ) . 
  the uk is also one of the slowest countries in the eu to adopt both consumer and human rights protections . 
  the ecj and echr effectively paved the way for british people in this regard . 
  i 'm not saying you ca n't enact similar laws - i 'm saying you wo n't . 
  this is nonsense . 
  the full text of ttip will be available to everyone for at least a year before any vote happens on same ( and it 's likely to be closer to two years , given the timeline for parallel treaty ceta ) . 
  not to mention that the treaty will require the approval of the european parliament , the council of ministers , and ( most likely ) the national legislatures of the member states . 
   also , the only benefits we enjoy are the free trade agreements . 
  and the ability to travel and live in other member states . 
  and protection for consumers under eu law . 
  and all the business that membership of the eu brings in ... 
  some of the stuff that goes on in the usa scares me . 
  like swearing allegiance to a flag every morning in schools , and those usa chants . 
  it 's cultlike . 
  i do n't want to see that sort of carry on in ireland . 
  enjoy your visit !, 
  where are you visiting exactly ? 
  definitely - that 's part of the procedure . 
  is it extremely cheap to corrupt 400 meps , 28 gov ' t representatives , both us houses , and a potentially large number of national gov ` ts ? 
  because they are ultimately the ones who sign off on this , not the negotiators .
