  defeating the us ? 
  what on earth are you on about ? 
  far better to remain in their shadow ? 
   pretty much yeah so , just to confirm , you 're saying that the usa and ireland ( for example ) have similar tax laws ? 
  except where you want a free and innovative society . 
   when it comes to things like pensions , labor legislation , tax rates etc it 's really inflexible . 
  seriously ? 
  man , that 's awesome . 
  i had no idea that the law on pensions , labour , and tax are all nearly the same in : united states canada united kingdom australia new zealand austria ireland sweden switzerland israel japan south korea luxembourg norway bermuda iceland denmark san marino belgium netherlands finland czech republic slovakia slovenia hong kong singapore bahrain chile estonia mauritius cyprus macau germany lithuania taiwan st. lucia qatar georgia spain uruguay oman armenia jordan el salvador botswana peru barbados columbia united arab emirates mexico costa rica hungary trinidad and tobago saint vincent and the grenadines malaysia saudi arabia macedonia latvia malta jamaica panama bulgaria kuwait thailand romania france cape verde turkey poland portugal albania belize croatia uganda south africa guatemala samoa italy greece lebanon ... comparative law is going to be so easy now !, 
   i sincerely hope that 's the case , because last time religion gave way to state hegemony in europe , 2 world wars ensue . 
  there 's always someone to fill the void of power , as you know . 
  the consensus would tend to be that that was nationalism gone nuts , aggravated by socioeconomic deprivation . 
  but hey , whatever gets you going . 
   and how would the company judge value to the public ? 
  from what i 've seen ( i worked in this specific area for a while ) they likely have a team of paralegals handling requests , supervised by a lawyer who specializes in eu law and data pro . 
  within the case law , and the guidance from regulators etc , there 's indications as to what would be ` public interest ' . 
   yes irish from ireland aka an european . 
  and hence would understand how churches operate in europe , specifically ireland . 
   that 's some scandal the catholic church can never get away with i guess . 
  but still , just like any smear campaign it requires only media attention to an already existing problem which no one is devoid from . 
  i 'm ready to forgive them . 
  that requires them to respect the limits of their influence within my state , however . 
   still the established churches across europe served as a constructive part of social life , it 's just too natural that europeans failed to see its significance . 
  i hope its not too late that people began to realize what they 're going to lose . 
  for most people ? 
  about half an hour to an hour on a sunday of a priest giving out to you . 
  not a huge loss for most . 
  for those who do choose to be religious - free of state pressure - they can still get value from it . 
   the us example is to signify that church-state separation does n't necessarily mean secularization , there are chances as in us as well as in ussr abandoning traditional social institution leads to the rise of a civil religion of half-baked nationalist ideas . 
  or it can be like ireland , where abandoning traditional social institution means we can get contraceptives , divorces , the right for women to work , support for single parents , and so on . 
  how terrible indeed . 
  i 'm pretty sure op is irish . 
  recent generations have been relatively distrustful of the catholic church since the child sex abuse scandal , the ban on abortion , the ban on divorce , the ban on contraception , the censorship of media , and so on . 
  there is no good reason to afford them a special status in education ( even if there ever was ) . 
  funny that you 'd mention the good ole usa however . 
  a lot of our more conservative focus groups - the iona institute , for example - do n't declare their income . 
  it 's suspected that this is due to them receiving funding from christian fundies in the us . 
  you 're on reddit . 
  it 's a website which is by far most popular with males under the age of 24 . 
  did you expect any kind of in depth engagement from either side ? 
   i can easily imagine and then  the stigma is objectively much worse yeah , that 's not how it works . 
  i was more so referring to the church 's explicit influence on : * contraception ban . 
  * cover up of child sexual abuse cases . 
  * censorship of books , films , and other media . 
  ... and so on . 
   that 's its clear heritage when religion goes , and so it should be thought same as history is , for people to learn about and understand their ancestors . 
  and if my ancestors are muslims , or jews , why should i learn catholic religious education ? 
  and let me emphasize - the irish curriculum is religious education . 
  not objective examinations of religion a la theology . 
  it is similar to what you would see in a sunday school . 
   islam and judaism are n't such a connection into ireland 's history or their ancestors . 
  they have significantly more influence on modern culture , however . 
  do you not think that - if we 're going to have religious education - it should be focused on bigger and more influential topics ? 
   of course it 's the historical perspective i am talking about , that 's where heritage comes from , is n't it ? 
  not from today and how many muslims or hindus live there atm . 
  i mean from an objective historical perspective . 
  akin to , say , learning about communism in history class without actually engaging in the practices it promotes . 
  let me go for a different example . 
  say there was primary level religious education in spain - would you support students learning about islam as i 've described ? 
  there are practicing muslims and jews in ireland . 
  why would n't we learn their traditions as well ? 
  or would you rather religious education be solely focused on historical perspectives ? 
  would you also be ok with them learning similar practices for islam and judaism ? 
  you would be ok with children being required to act out rituals , sing chants , and learn the general morality of the old celtic faith ? 
  because that is how religious education in ireland takes place at primary level . 
   why is the history of x particular country thought at school more than of all others ? 
  we learn most about ireland because the schools are located in ireland . 
   and why ca n't they learn history from their parents or at sunday school ? 
  because history is an academic subject . 
  religion is a belief . 
   because it 's part of their heritage that the state should teach them about , and so is catholicism , regardless how much atheists today want to pretend it never happened . 
  if it 's necessary to learn it for heritage sake , children should also learn about ancient celtic religion , and be taught how to worship lugh et al. 
  we do n't make specific laws designating history , music , or other cultural studies as ` by far the most important ' thing a child learns . 
  that is what reg 68 does for religion . 
  as for religious education like you explained - yeah , i 've no problem with that . 
  what i have a problem with is the current irish curriculum , which requires students to learn catholic-centric and worship-focused lessons . 
  if there was an objective examination of the creeds of all major world religions , with no focus on one particular one , then that 'd be perfectly fine . 
  however , it 'd be difficult to teach that to primary school children . 
  why ca n't children learn the specifics of faith from their parents or churches ? 
  can you give me a good reason not to learn about catholicism in sunday school rather than national school , for example ? 
  how is removing religious education in schools throwing away religious heritage ? 
  you 're still entirely free to attend mass , practice in public , and be outwardly religious in any way you like . 
  we have n't had the best history with religion , in case you missed the last 100 or so years of irish history . 
  irish primary and secondary education is mostly established and owned by the catholic church . 
  non-denominational schools are a rarity for this reason . 
  we have a few other odd quirks in our constitution and general law surrounding religion . 
  for example , blasphemy is illegal , but it 's basically impossible to be convicted of it . 
  and i 'm saying that he 's misguided . 
  if you lean to either side , you 'll perceive the world as being more against you . 
  i have n't heard of that happening regularly to people following left or right wing politics , to be honest . 
  does n't bode well if you 're stuck in that much of an echo chamber that you think people only criticize voting right wing . 
  wait wait wait , you 're saying people will criticize you for voting for parties they do n't like ? 
  holy shit , stop the presses . 
  that 's never happened before . 
  i 'd like to see a source for the uk giving more in refugee aid than other eu nations , as the [ unhcr ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/pages/49c3646c26c.html ) figures have you guys coming 3rd . 
  in your estimate as to what the population of the planet is . 
  it 's complete hyperbole by / u/kapom . 
  search engine providers are only obliged to delist results where the data therein is inadequate , irrelevant ( or no longer relevant ) or excessive . 
  where there 's any real public interest in maintaining the information , it wo n't be removed . 
  personally , i think it 's a good thing .
