  most people here in nebraska would hate portland . 
  i do n't think people shoot foreigners on sight anywhere , but the pacific northwest , which is oregon and washington , fit your criteria . 
  you can bike to places in the cities there . 
  it 's one of the safest and healthiest states . 
  about 25,000 . https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/cajun_french, 
  what are the colors in france ? 
  you could move to the cajun areas of louisiana to find people to complain to in your native tongue . 
  the only other solid blue southern state is new mexico , so california is a good choice . 
  what was your experience in oregon ? 
  why was it bad ? 
  interesting choice . 
  that 's a pretty rural area . 
  come to nebraska . 
  the cornfields are unending . 
  there 's kind of a charm to rural life . 
  i guess some people might be attracted to certain types of nature . 
  skiers to colorado , surfers to hawaii , etc. 
  solid choice . 
  west coast , legal weed , and most people in this sub seem to lean left politically , which oregon definitely does . 
  i live in the midwest . 
  it 's pretty boring , but i 'll probably keep living here for i while . 
  all my family lives in the midwest . 
  it is fairly left leaning , and the nature is great . 
  and legal weed . 
  alcohol may help , so try new hampshire . 
  i knew this one was coming  . 
  i 'm close to your description , but i live in the midwest . 
  i read that france smokes the most weed out of all the european countries , and that kind of surprised me . 
  amsterdam is thought of like a stoners paradise in america . 
  i do n't think you have to worry to much about fast food taking over , we still have plenty of other options and foods . 
  mostly just teenagers saying `` school sucks '' . 
  but op is generalizing too much . 
  write you fits with other phrases , like `` text you '' `` call you '' `` email you '' , etc. 
  what 's wrong with skim milk ? 
  you could say the names of the teenage mutant ninja turtles and have a decent list . 
  they got all the ancient greek minds , that 's farther back than most countries . 
  i went through the kafka museum when i was in prague . 
  it 's some fascinating stuff . 
  lots of filmmakers could be considered genius . 
  hitchcock for the uk , orson welles for the us , werner herzog for germany . 
  you 've got so many years of history to pull from . 
  colorado and alaska have the best flags . 
  there is kind of a similar thing in america . 
  many people like mcdonald 's due to their charity houses for families with kids in hospitals . 
  my aunt and uncle stayed in one of those when my cousin had cancer . 
  i think op forgot the word country, 
  you did n't want to waste all that paper , since normally you need the whole book . 
  the libraries have a few copies of the books , but not enough for the whole class . 
  and if there is an online book you need to pay to be able to submit the homework . 
  edit : most people buy or rent used copies of the book for cheap, 
  are n't restaurants supposed to pay the difference if tips do n't reach minimum wage ? 
  the situation where you have to buy the professors book is one i have yet to run into , but you can normally get a used copy . 
  you use other sources like scholarly journals and articles when writing papers . 
  the sports programs are normally self-sustaining . 
  they pay for their own massive stadiums . 
  the money you make will normally make it worth it in the long run . 
  10,000 a year for in-state college , 22,598 a year for out of state at a public university . 
  i go to a private university , which are normally more expensive , but my parents work there , so i get a discount that makes it cheaper . 
  all that stuff is excitement surrounding the game . 
  why do you feel cynical about this ? 
  yeah , it 's basically just a study aid . 
  it 's usually like 10 % of the final grade . 
  edit : and you write papers and do projects outside of class . 
  college sports are a really big deal here . 
  and americans just love their football , baseball , and basketball . 
  it 's usually not worth the money either . 
  the software that you do the homework in sucks . 
  anyone here ever use mymathlab ? 
  one thing you do have to consider is it 's still worth it to go to college in america , the average amount college graduates make vs non-college graduates is larger then the average cost of college . 
  if you 've ever been to an american sporting event you know people care about the game . 
  all the other stuff you mentioned is pizzazz meant to hype up the main event . 
  this video shows the excitement surrounding sports . 
  or just pay your buddy who took the class last semester 20 bucks for the book . 
  i heard about a girl who did n't want to buy the access code , so she got the one-week free trial of the online book , and did the entire semester 's homework in 7 days . 
  the problem here is that a lot of professors use an online book , so you have to buy a hundred dollar access code to do the homework . 
  memorial stadium in lincoln , nebraska is the state 's third largest city on game day . 
  it holds 90000 people . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/memorial_stadium_ ( lincoln ), 
  it 's a upward spiral . 
  college sports bring a ton of revenue , so the business continues to get bigger . 
  so you get free books for your classes ? 
  books here are super expensive in college , if you buy them new . 
  no one on reddit is going to give you a detailed explanation of physics and building design . 
  there 's also no evidence of a cover up . 
  you can easily find refutations to all your claims . 
  and do n't get upset about `` rudeness '' if you 're bringing conspiracy theories to the table . 
  no one needs to take them seriously . 
  i think most tipped workers do end up making more than minimum wage . 
  i 'm with you , there are way to many people in america who buy conspiracy theories . 
  what do you know that we do n't ? 
  then what were you talking about when you asked about planes vaporizing ? 
  what evidence do you have that it was an inside job ? 
  there 's know way that could stay under wraps with people finding out . 
  you do n't even seem to think planes were involved . 
  you can easily find refutations of your `` theories '' on the internet . 
  we do n't need to give you facts , do your own research . 
  all of which got exposed . 
  there 's no way 9/11 was a hoax if you look at the facts surrounding the situation . 
  and america stayed together , the rebels were beat , slavery ended , and things continued to improve . 
  it 's a valid source , and europe is n't one country .
