that 's exactly what i was saying . 
  there would be massive guerrilla resistance to us occupation . 
  the government was defeated quickly , it was guerrilla forces that are the problem . 
  the same thing would probably happen in a us v europe fight . 
  scotty does n't know, 
  oscar schindler in schindler 's list was pretty positive . 
  dude most of the stuff you want will never happen . 
  you do realize eu countries have also participated in these conflicts ? 
  should the u.k. also be sanctioned ? 
  that question has been asked here a million times . 
  i 'm just saying other countries can tell the stories they want if they are n't happy with the way america does . 
  well it makes sense that american movie studios would focus on stories about americans . 
  i do n't think that this kind of storytelling is necessarily `` propaganda '' . 
  and there are movies like enemy at the gates about other countries . 
  is telling any positive story about the allies `` propaganda '' ? 
  because that 's just what this movie is doing . 
  i kind of think it 's weird when people in other countries get mad when us studios makes movies about americans . 
  if other countries want other stories then they are free to tell them . 
  but dunkirk is about the british , so i do n't think that applies to this movie . 
  yeah screw them for making the nazis look bad . 
  most of what i 've seen on reddit suggests europeans really liked obama . 
  i think this sub is for anyone to ask europeans questions . 
  yeah , you get that if you are n't at fault in your termination . 
  a wrongful termination suit has to be filed if there is suspected bias , or a government agency will conduct an investigation . 
  you do n't need a reason to fire someone . 
  you actually do n't . 
  the us operates on at-will employment , so you can be fired for almost anything except being a member of a protected class . 
  in america kindergarten graduation in mostly just a thing for people to dress there kids in a cap and gown because it 's cute . 
  yeah i 've heard of people in other countries wearing images of confederate flags without knowing the history behind it . 
  it 's interesting how symbols can catch on in this way . 
  horror movies have a pretty large fan base for being only watched by the insane . 
  it 's seems like it would be extra cringy somewhere where its not an established tradition . 
  many people in in the us get a car at 16 , so it 's just a cultural difference . 
  well in america you can drive at 16 , so it 's kind of a big deal here . 
  do people just like the designs ? 
  is it something they recognize from tv and movies ? 
  people tend to overestimate the scale of the problem with america 's police . 
  the vast majority just do their job , and most are good people . 
  i think more people like him for his news analysis than his humor/jokes . 
  what do you consider left then ? 
  there are higher murder rates in brazil then america ... should all brazilians move to europe ? 
  this guy does n't know what he is talking about by the way , do n't listen to him . 
  do you realize how ridiculous what your purposing is ? 
  move 13 % of the population out because of a handful of unjust shootings ? 
  it 's funny how different the meaning of the word liberal is in the us versus europe . 
  do you know the issues associated with race in the us ? 
  poverty rates , crime rates , imprisonment rates , etc ? 
  racial discussions are important to have . 
  do you know voting trends associated with race ? 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about when it comes to race in america . 
  race has very real impacts on our society . 
  most european countries are 90 some percent white , america is 60 % . 
  look , i just said it was american because the country section on wikipedia said united states . 
  the one thing i disagree with you on is when you say it 's not complicated . 
  i do n't think simple solutions exist for americans . 
  it 's not like we could just wave our hands and make it better . 
  roadblocks exist in every path . 
  both political parties keep acting like they have a magic answer , but that 's just not true . 
  any path we take has trade offs , and the more research you do the more this becomes evident . 
  the characters are american , and it says united states in the country section . 
  it was distributed by universal pictures . 
  edit : and oscar isaac is a guatemalan american, 
  i thought tom hardy was an american for the longest time , until i saw locke, 
  a universal system would lead to our gdp going down a lot . 
  and money will play a huge part , because whatever route we choose will have down sides . 
  it was american and british . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/ex_machina_ ( film ), 
  deductibles vary , from a couple of hundred bucks to a couple thousand . 
  so yeah paying that can be challenging for some , but it 's usually not impossible . 
  poor people get free healthcare , so the do n't have to worry about it . 
  makes sense, 
  i do n't speak french , but i thought her facial expressions were good . 
  most people who quit will either have another job lined up , be covered by their spouses healthcare , or they can just purchase their own insurance . 
  monthly premiums for a young person are 200 dollars a month , so affordable if you have money . 
  if you are poor you can get healthcare through medicaid , with is free from the government . 
  if you have the patience for a 4 minute video then this does a great job of explaining why it is so hard to change the american system . 
  most people graduate at 18 . 
  freshman - 14-15 sophomore - 15-16 junior - 16-17 senior - 17-18, 
  he spoke german in inglorious basterds . 
  how ? 
  or django . 
  he 's really good . 
  well most people get insurance through their jobs . 
  70 % of americans are satisfied with their health coverage . 
  it 's the uninsured minority that is the problem . 
  any change to the system will require most americans to have major changes to their healthcare , even though most are satisfied . 
  that is why obama 's `` if you like your doctor you can keep your doctor '' statement was so bad . 
  it was n't true for everyone after the passing of obamacare . 
  both sides need to stop acting like they have a magical solution . 
  any path we take will have major trade-offs . 
  diane kruger was great in national treasure and inglorious bastards . 
  michael fassbender was born in germany and has a german dad , and he 's been in a ton of great movies . 
  the winter soldier is a pretty solid superhero movie . 
  no country for old men is great , and javier braden kills it . 
  he 's also a great bond villain . 
  great choice . 
  that whole movie has awesome performances by european actors . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_bale this says he considers himself english , even though he was born in wales . 
  he grew up in england , wales , and portugal . 
  watch children of men .
