  you ca n't just ignore the fact that america produces the most scientific output out of any country . 
  i 'll trust valid sources from your country . 
  you ca n't say america became a global power through mediocrity . 
  you seem to have a limited view of history . 
  look up the pacific theater , america 's contributions to the north africa campaign , the invasion of italy , the marshall plan , and how we won the cold war . 
  saying `` what '' to three wars is just ignorance . 
  you seem salty , and who would win in a war americas military or your 's ? 
  spanish american ? 
  civil ? 
  the cold war as a whole ? 
  the ussr lost . 
  america made the largest impact the pacific in world war 2 and american industry was a huge advantage for the allies . 
  and who rebuilt europe after world war 2 ? 
  ( marshal plan ) . 
  europe has always relied on america for defense . 
  and which military could currently beat america 's ? 
  idk about that . 
  well the only thing that 's actually in area 51 are high tech planes , and fort knox is just gold , unless you listen to conspiracy theorists . 
  think about how much media , science , and innovation comes out of america . 
  r/askanamerican gets a ton of european and american trolls asking baiting questions . 
  there actually was a lot of controversy at my school about the popular sports ( football/basketball ) getting more attention then the unpopular sports ( soccer , track , cross country , golf ), 
  true , most people here pay for gas for their car after 16, 
  from mid-may to mid-august, 
  most people on sports teams in high school do n't go on to play in college , sports are normally about teamwork , and school pride . 
  there 's also various clubs and groups , like speech team , clubs for business , agriculture , dance , cheerleading , band , etc. 
  well people take art classes during the school day , and some do play instruments . 
  edit : there 's also various clubs and groups , like speech team , clubs for business , agriculture , dance , cheerleading , band , etc. 
  most kids where i live do n't need jobs either , but like op said even rich kids parents sometimes make them get jobs , so the can learn about being accountable and work ethic . 
  i 'd say like a quarter of teenagers work during the school year . 
  if you play sports you really do n't have any time for a job . 
  i think our summer vacations are longer in america than europe , so most teenagers get summer jobs . 
  where i live in nebraska most people aged 13-18 work in the cornfields detasseling . 
  most kids have a summer job . 
  i 'd say 30 % have a job during the school year . 
  definitely do n't question their apocryphal version of the war of 1812, 
  that 's obviously not the problem , are you a troll ? 
  it 's not ignored in schools . 
  this guy is talking out of his ass . 
  polarization is a huge problem in america . 
  people ca n't have productive discussions . 
  who knows , trump may have done something illegal . 
  only time will tell . 
  i know it . 
  it 's a bad system . 
  but i still think it 's democratic . 
  flawed but democratic . 
  true , true, 
  i agree . 
  but i also do understand why some people say we need geographic voting to balance out interests . 
  there is definitely is allure in the unknown . 
  some of the places i view as cool are places i know little about . 
  and our politics recently are harming the image of our country . 
   no , i think americans are loud , annoying , and stupid . 
  rotten nation . 
  a crime against humanity , if you will . 
   i think they are amongst ridiculous self entitled douchecanoes . 
  i was just responding to these . 
  can you give one example of how you were personally harmed ? 
  trump did n't pick the travel ban countries is all i 'm saying . 
  he sold his stock in the pipeline . 
  and i do n't think trump 's businesses profiting off the presidency is okay , but its more complex than just straight corruption . 
  what 's so terrible ? 
  i looked through your post history , you would know a lot about shitposting . 
  what in particular did you find so egregious ? 
  do you still live hear ? 
  i was just talking about how the idea that corporate influence in politics = americans are bad people , which your post seems to imply . 
  i think the article is talking about popular culture , like american singers and attitudes . 
  i think it was just done by people on baloo.com . 
  i 'm fine with people saying americans are not the coolest , and i 'd say australians are probably cooler , but this thread turned into `` call all americans terrible people '' . 
  i was n't trying to twist your words , and i read the source i posted . 
  you said `` perceived by the population '' and i was n't sure what you meant . 
  sorry if i sounded like an ass . 
  edit : i figured the way the institutions collected data was as good as just naming the institutions themselves , but yeah i should have clarified . 
  there 's a difference between what other people are saying , like the top comment which i 'm cool with , and this comment . 
  he said we are `` ridiculous self entitled douchecanoes '' . 
  that 's just not true . 
  if urbanization continues this video describes what will happen . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3wlqz-lgrm the large states will eventually begin to benefit , and the time between when large states benefit and small states benefit there will probably be reform . 
  like anything its complicated . 
  but how does that make all of us `` ridiculous self entitled douchecanoes . '', 
  i do n't generalize all swedish people for a failing in your government . 
  `` the 13 surveys/assessments are either business people opinion surveys or performance assessments from a group of analysts . '', 
  its not a straight opinion poll , and given america 's problem with corporate influence and italy being ranked at 60th , i think we both have problems to deal with . 
  edit : i was a dick with this comment . 
  over 230 years ? 
  even though everyone knows that states are individual contests , and thats how campaigns are done ? 
  and there are many who will argue we need geographic representation . 
  i do n't think its a good system to be perfectly clear , but neither is first past the post , and many democracy use that . 
  jesus , is this what flies as popular opinion here on r/askeurope ? 
  all americans are terrible crimes against humanity ? 
  i think any kind of broad generalization of 320 million people is ridiculous . 
  its a flawed system , but its still democratic . 
  the electoral college has a 9 % failure rate on matching the popular vote . 
  and everyone knows what states politicians need to win , so its a system of individuals contests . 
  not ideal , but its not `` foundationally undemocratic '' . 
  openly funneling federal money into his companies ? 
  that would be illegal and it has n't happened . 
  the travel ban countries were picked by the department of homeland security under obama . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/executive_order_13769#statutory_authorization_and_related_prohibitions and the patent thing is overblown . 
  https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2017-03-10/don-t-freak-out-about-trump-s-china-patents edit : also there are more than 20 western countries .
