  yeah you declare a major before your junior year , and many people change majors . 
  have you had serious discussions with americans and british people ? 
  been to both countries ? 
  the argument in favor of making it criminal is that it makes people more likely to act on pedophile feelings and urges . 
  the spelling bee is often a school competition , then the winner goes on to a district , then state , then national level . 
  in order to make it a competition for the really good kids , the words need to be obscure . 
  that 's kind of the point of the competition though, 
  cheap enough where it 's not a huge deal . 
  but i turn off the lights . 
  shoes in the house depends on the rules of who 's house you 're at , and if your shoes are clean . 
  the covering breasts thing is n't real , but it 's done in movies and tv to get a desired rating , and because not all actresses want to do nudity . 
  the avengers were trying to create a generic eastern european country , so i see why that might be annoying . 
  it 's funny to watch people hurt themselves and each other . 
  how much would a used car be in europe ? 
  a decent 10 year old car is like $ 2000 dollars , easily affordable to a teen if you work during the summer , or your parents help you pay . 
  everybody had shitty used cars at my high school , except for some rich kids . 
  that normally is only in larger cities , where cops are more afraid of violence . 
  in my small town cops are less jumpy , because crime is low . 
  you can drive at 16 , and many teens get a car when they turn 16 , so yeah it 's true . 
  you probably only hear bad things , but the vast majority do n't do anything wrong . 
  the few negative cases are n't the rule . 
  exactly, 
  beer in general is for drinking games , usually beer pong . 
  people love to debate about food . 
  and there are a lot of options for brands and types of food in american supermarkets . 
  i do n't think many people drink soda with breakfast . 
  it 's unfair , amsterdam is farther north than winnipeg , canada , but it gets colder and we have more snow here in nebraska . 
  work starts at 9 for a lot of people , and the us is much farther south than most of europe . 
  madrid is at the same latitude as nyc . 
  teens often get their own car at 16 either from there parents or they buy it themselves . 
  i got my family 's old suburban . 
  it was the coolest thing ever to drive yourself to school for the first time . 
  you could drive with an adult at 15 . 
  in my experience people drink hard alcohol to get drunk . 
  beer is usually for more relaxed and casual settings . 
  i do n't think there 's that much of a connection between the prohibition movement and modern alcohol laws . 
  open container laws come from a focus on law and order , and maintaining the peace . 
  it 's meant to keep drunk people off the street . 
  but he 's talking about the us version . 
  this might not be the case with you , but europeans on reddit seem pretty salty about the american remake for some reason . 
  the author of the books and the creator of the show both signed on to the american version . 
  house parties are common , but you do n't go to one you do n't know the host of , or are brought by someone who knows the host . 
  it takes more than one keg to get a whole house drunk . 
  many parties are bring your own booze . 
  public drinking is illegal in many cities , so you ca n't have an open container on sidewalks or in parks . 
  but people still do it . 
  partying is big in college , but you have to be careful because supplying alcohol to a minor is a crime . 
  and if you give alcohol to a minor , and then they die of alcohol poisoning or from drunk driving you 're liable for their death , meaning you go to jail for a long time . 
  public urination is a misdemeanor in my state , and i think it 's good it 's illegal . 
  who wants pee on the ground in public places ? 
  they party , and some take hazing far , but they are often good for forming bonds and friendships . 
  my college does n't have them , but many of my high school friends joined frats at other schools . 
  they do attract guys with `` douchebag '' personalities . 
  it is over exaggerated , and high school is very different then what you see in movies . 
  athletes often hang out together , and they date hot girls , but the jock vs nerd stereotypes do n't exist . 
  there are some damn smart kids who win those big spelling bee tournaments . 
  have you seen the words they spell ? 
  and they learn how to spell based on word origin , meaning , and context . 
  i won my school 's geography bee in middle school , and went on to the state tournament . 
  i say them all the same tbh, 
  what did you say for lighting bug/firefly ? 
  is there an official translation for every word though ? 
  and words are often pronounced differently depending on who 's saying them . 
  yeah that 's what i meant . 
  i like johnny cash type country . 
  this is n't the 1960 's , so no . 
  wisconsin also has great cheese and beer . 
  i kind though he was talking about soldiers in general . 
  i answered late at night , and was n't really thinking straight . 
  the nature is great . 
  gun laws are often stricter in blue states . 
  even super trashy houses and trailer homes have ac , so you 're set . 
  it gets hot in america . 
  yeah this is just a hypothetical , i do n't think most people in this sub are interested in moving to america . 
  edgy, 
  california has a large spanish speaking population , so that would be nice . 
  democrats are blue yes . 
  i would say colorado . 
  the soldiers who gave their lives to defeat nazi germany should be forgotten ? 
  american libertarians are very pro guns , are any european liberals like that ? 
  lots of empty space , and if you live in a rural area you have a lot of freedom to do as you please . 
  that 's an major issue in america too . 
  some people still want memorials to the confederacy , even though they rebelled to keep having slaves . 
  certain people reject that history , and say the civil war was about `` state 's rights '' . 
  the recent removal of statues of confederate leaders in new orleans was controversial . 
  johnny cash is the only country i like . 
  bo burnham 's country song sums up my feelings . 
  interesting . 
  i just learned this . 
  makes sense that communism is `` red '' . 
  i knew the british political colors , but i did n't know the whole world did it that way . 
  american libertarians use yellow , and the green party uses green . 
  so our colors must seem odd to europeans . 
  this video explains why our colors are what they are . 
  i live in nebraska , and there are people like that here . 
  but not everyone fits that stereotype . 
  i own guns , and so do many others , but we do n't harm anyone . 
  although today there was a truck parked across the street from my house with a bumper sticker that had a picture of the confederate flag with the words `` if this offends you , you need a history lesson . '', 
  the state capital only has 8,000 people . 
  makes sense .
