  it 's great . 
  it was a coproduction between the us and the uk , so even though the story has little to do with america , you could technically say it 's the best `` american '' film he 's been in . 
  i love the nolan batman movies . 
  i always forget that christian bale is english and not american . 
  do you know how much it costs to run an operation like grand canyon ? 
  it 's like 7 bucks , not that bad, 
  the people who donate to universities make lots of money . 
  tuition is n't that much to them, 
  people who get rich do . 
  if your college degree leads to you becoming successful , then people want to give back . 
  it 's the millionaires who give most of the money , people who do n't have to worry about debt . 
  it 's the wealthy alumni who donate . 
  it 's seen as giving back to the institution that made you what you are . 
  i have a friend who 's dad works for a university , and his job is to go around the country and talk to rich alumni and get them to donate . 
  i know the us as well as you , and it is not as bad as you think . 
  you really have no idea about how to handle problems . 
  you wanted to move all black men out , because of a handful of sketchy uses of force . 
  and evidence that the vote number was changed has n't been established . 
  did you even read the article you linked ? 
  the us , and probably some european countries . 
  r/latestagecapitalism makes r/all frequently . 
  reading through some of the comments it seems to go beyond just laughing at stupid people . 
  it seems to be a place for people to discuss why they think all things america and americans suck . 
  well european countries do have hate speech laws and laws against holocaust denial , which america does n't . 
  and i 've seen a lot of ignorant europeans on reddit . 
  i think that 's hyperbole . 
  it seams to me to just be a place for people who have some weird vendetta against america and americans . 
  it is pretty toxic . 
  reddit is mostly left-leaning . 
  i think english speaking rates are higher the closer the native language is to english . 
  but you 're right , knowing english is obviously beneficial , and that 's why it gets taught . 
  compare language groups with this map . 
  okay makes sense . 
  when it 's not on ice we call it field hockey . 
  what does `` regular hockey '' mean to you ? 
  field hockey ? 
  in the us ice hockey is `` regular hockey '', 
  i 've heard it 's the easiest language to learn if you are a native english speaker . 
  and almost all dutch people speak english , so it makes sense the languages are similar . 
  https://youtu.be/rps_ksdrcny https://youtu.be/wvpqifzqjm4 https://youtu.be/ml60ilvndzs there ya go . 
  do n't let rednecks tell you it was n't about slavery . 
  just a warning . 
  the french revolution is widely taught in american schools . 
  the problem is n't nearly as bad as you think it is . 
  and most black people do n't want to just leave the country . 
  so you 're disagreeing that people from the us are called americans ? 
  the whole english speaking world calls people from the us americans . 
  that 's not something you can argue against . 
  i know that it 's different in other languages , but do you agree that in english people from the us will always be called americans ? 
  that 's the demonym . 
  people get angry about americans being called americans , but i think it 's fine . 
  if you live in canada and want to call yourself by your continent you would say you 're a north american . 
  but american is universally accepted as the name for people from the us , and that wo n't change . 
  usian wo n't catch on , and is only used by some angry people on the internet . 
  it 's `` the americas '' , but you do realize everyone but some salty redditors uses `` american '' and the whole english speaking world will continue to do so , right ? 
  usanian is dumb , and will never catch on . 
  yeah it 's different in other languages . 
  north american and south american work fine . 
  or they just use their nationalities , or whatever the words are in their languages . 
  usanians sounds dumb . 
  american is the universally agreed upon demonym . 
  and any one speaking english . 
  why does n't it work for you ? 
  it sounds stupid imo, 
  but in english there are two continents , north and south america . 
  i do n't have anything to do with language origin . 
  american works fine . 
  well when you 're speaking english you have north america and south america as separate continents . 
  collectively they 're `` the americas '' . 
  i get it 's different in other languages . 
  i think usanian sounds kinda dumb . 
  usanian ? 
  was n't the boycott done by those who want to keep the current status ? 
  where the hell do you live , and what circles do you hang out in ? 
  teenage lifestyles are n't like that . 
  that 's my state !, 
  texas ? 
  alaska ? 
  colorado ? 
  new mexico ? 
  not even alaska , colorado , or new mexico ? 
  arizona reminds me too much of imperial japan . 
  and maryland 's flag, 
  i really like colorado 's . 
  i 'm surprised you did n't choose hawaii , 
  driving is more important for transport in the us then europe . 
  well with the electoral college you have to win states . 
  votes for congress are equal , and so are votes for state and local elections , and referendums . 
  i would n't say it 's not democracy , just that the presidential election is flawed . 
  edit : and gerrymandering in some states often makes house of representatives races deeply flawed, 
  i do n't think anyone likes the soldiers who do that shit ... individual examples do n't detract from the entire military . 
  and this is coming from someone who thinks that the praise soldiers receive often crosses into cringe territory . 
  where at in the us did you go ? 
  i hate to break it to you but ... you 're on an american website . 
  who have you seen say that ? 
  since there are people putting their names in for the lottery , there are at least some in these countries interested in moving to america . 
  i do n't know a ton about the cost-benefit analysis , so you 'd probably have to ask someone who knows more about this . 
  well the lottery pulls from countries that do n't send many immigrants . 
  the purpose is to add to our `` melting pot '', 
  i think it is supposed to add diversity to the country .
