  i never said the topic makes sense , but some european teenager whose never been to america trying to call us all bad is annoying . 
  what is so terrible about americans and american then , if we are the willing subjects you describe . 
  there are regulations on corporate influence , and i think they should be tightened . 
  but the situation is complex , and people love to exaggerate . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lobbying_in_the_united_states https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/campaign_finance_in_the_united_states, 
  i have opinions about corporate influence in politics , and we can have that discussion , but you literally said we are `` ridiculous self entitled douchecanoes '' . 
  thats just a broad generalization of 320 million people and is n't a legitimate critique . 
  i wo n't insult the entire population of your country and we can critique away . 
  by these institutions `` the institutions are the african development bank , the bertelsmann foundation , the economist intelligence unit , freedom house , global insight , international institute for management development , political and economic risk consultacy , political risk services , the world economic forum , the world bank and the world justice project . '', 
  generalizing 320 million people ? 
  have you ever been to america ? 
  rapers ? 
  did you mean rappers ? 
  we 're in the top 20 of countries by least corruption . 
  your talking about 320 million people . 
  what reason do you have to apply corporate america to all of us ? 
  seriously though , why does austria have multiple of these cases ? 
  i support terror attacks in europe ? 
  you ca n't argue the goals isis is fighting for the the same as the us in anyway . 
  or assad 's regime for that matter . 
  both are a million times worse . 
  if you support attacks like pulse and san bernardino you are a shit person . 
  and most strikes that kill civilians are n't intentionally killing civilians . 
  there 's either a calculated loss benefit analysis or bad intel . 
  the us has no reason to kill civilians with no cause . 
  to you think we just bomb people for the fuck of it ? 
  edit : i misread your comment, 
  so you support terrorist attacks against america ? 
  you 're a shitty person if that 's the case . 
  the iraqi government is showing signs of stability , and so is kurdistan . 
  we can help to support these groups . 
  and almost western governments and politicians support fighting isis , including syrians . 
  warfare inherently contains collateral damage , and terrorist groups make it worse by uses civilians as shields and by trying to tie those they fight to as many deaths as possible . 
  you do n't seem to understand the nuance of many of these conflicts . 
  so the air strikes and material support on behalf of the fight against isis are all lies ? 
  this is n't real ? 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/american-led_intervention_in_iraq_ ( 2014 -- present ) isis is responsible for killing gay people and committing genocide . 
  because isis is losing in iraq . 
  and i do think the iraq war was a mistake , and i do n't support toppling assad . 
  so i should n't wear an `` america : back to back world war champs '' shirt in europe ? 
  edit : / s if anyone needs it . 
  keeping it classy by going for the personal attack . 
  in your opinion we should just give up on our allies in iraq ? 
  even through the iraqi government is showing promise of stability , and they are winning ? 
  were not just randomly killing people , we 're assisting various groups in all these conflicts . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iraqi_civil_war_ ( 2014 % e2 % 80 % 93present ) if the us interferes to stop atrocities then its a problem , but if we do nothing were selfish . 
  and its not like we were the bad guys in the fight against communism . 
  communism killed more people than anything else in human history . 
  i think we need to fight isis as much as we can , so people do n't have to flee . 
  isis is losing ground in iraq to the us backed iraqi government and kurdish forces , and we need to continue this campaign . 
  i agree with a lot of what you said , but there is some justification to many of those conflicts . 
  south korea was invaded by the north , and i think most agree it was good to help them . 
  and kuwait was invaded by iraq , so i think that was very justified . 
  i 'm on the mobile app , can you add a flair from that ? 
  i 'm american . 
  what other global power would you really want though ? 
  i think that america been a net positive in the world , but i 'm open to being proved wrong . 
  biggest threat to world peace ? 
  who would you rather have running the show ? 
  china ? 
  and when you say kills thousands of innocents you 're talking about people killed in the fight against isis and other terrorists groups . 
  pretty much all nato governments aid in the fight against isis , including airstrikes . 
  what should be done to fight extremists in your opinion ? 
  this kid is legitimately insane . 
  the us deserves terrorism ? 
  dude isis has hurt many people . 
  trying to correlate any government to isis is insulting in its implication . 
  think about what isis has done in europe recently . 
  edit : shit i meant to reply to op , not the comment above me . 
  we like to hear outsider opinions about our country . 
  i can see how it would get annoying . 
  but there are questions about europe asked as well . 
  people aged 16-20 definitely do drink , but strict parents and madd are the ones who care . 
  i 'd like to apologize on behalf of all americans, 
  what do you think about cajun french speakers in louisiana ? 
  i was agreeing with you , but the moomins are a new thing to me, 
  yeah , i was looking on wikipedia to see if there was any swedish speakers in other countries and that 's all i could find . 
  does n't fit the criteria of the question , though . 
  there 's this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish-speaking_population_of_finland, 
  there 's pockets of italian culture and language in america , about a million people here speak italian at home . 
  there 's the volga germans . 
  my great great grandparents were ethnic germans that lived in russia , they then moved to america . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1ygvwmqhss edit : although i think the areas they lived in russia would technically be part of europe . 
  there 's been a mixed bag of nationalities of those who win . 
  yeah the langauge in the closed mennonite communities is affected by german https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pennsylvania_dutch_english, 
  isis is losing ground in iraq to the us backed iraqi government and kurdish forces . 
  should we just pull our support for them , even if isis will regain power ? 
  so you 're optimal strategy is to do nothing ? 
  just let isis take large chunks of land and do all the terrible things they do ? 
  that still does n't answer the question of how the us should approach modern conflicts . 
  should the us and europe bomb isis ? 
  our european and nato allies aid most of what we do , so do n't try to take the moral high ground . 
  if we do n't do anything about atrocities we 're selfish and should do something . 
  if we do get involved then we 're the world police and evil . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/jersey_devil this terrified me as a kid . 
  there 's a lot of native american stories , as well as lore about history . 
  there is some original stuff , like johnny appleseed , paul bunyan , and the folk music . 
  how do past failings relate to decisions made now ? 
  we screwed up in the past , so should n't we make an attempt to do better ? 
  and al-qaeda was backed to fight the soviets , they later became the radical group .
