do n't let the anti-abortion bs fool you , this is censorship plain and simple . 
  yes , i am well aware of the current situation in turkey . 
  lol . 
  haha sorry man !, 
  picture is a couple of days old . 
  it melted :(, 
  well said, 
  dude , i 'm sorry , you 're probably a nice guy and all , but there is no chance i read all this . 
  just go and enjoy my top post ( regarding bulgaria ) on r/europe . 
  i have nothing against turks , they are good , genuine people . 
  i only have a problem with turks who blindly support the policies of erdogan , turks who support ottoman atrocities and those that pretend they are n't turkish while defending turkey to have more legitimacy . 
  cheers !, 
  kurds want and deserve and should have their own country . 
  you do n't let them have it . 
  that is oppression . 
   but of course according to you we are genociding them every day and eating them alive . 
  let me guess , an armenian genocide denier ? 
   and no bulgar turks dont live a `` much better life '' compared to turkey . 
  so why do n't they leave ? 
  because they are loyal to bulgaria . 
  why are they loyal to bulgaria ? 
  possibly because it is n't an islamic , imperialistic dictatorship . 
  lets face it , a european eu member is a much preferable place to live than turkey . 
   hundreds of thousands turks came to turkey after they opened the borders . 
  lol . 
  so why did half of the turks who were expelled come back after 1990 ? 
   slavery and oppression my ass . 
  you had it better than other empires at that time typical turk response . 
  this is why the world hates you . 
  it 's sad . 
   came from bulgaria during balkan wars where your ancestors threatened to kill ( and successfuly killed many ) mine . 
  you mean the same balkan war where you teamed up with 4 other countries against us ? 
  where we were fighting for our freedom after 500 years of oppression and torture ? 
  lol . 
  nope , turks in bulgaria live a great and free life . 
  much better than the life they would be living in turkey . 
  that is why they stay in bulgaria . 
  that is why they are loyal to bulgaria for the most part . 
  they can not be compared to the kurds in turkey . 
  and please , after bulgaria was under 500 years off turkish slavery and oppression , do n't you dare talk about `` oppressed turks . '', 
  turks in bulgaria lived great during communism , that 's why many of the expelled turks returned . 
  and the expulsion was necessary , otherwise we 'd likely already have been annexed . 
  nice alternate account by the way , slightly schizophrenic . 
  and once again , no turkish flag . 
  i have a couple of bulgarian turk friends . 
  a couple colleagues . 
  i know some of their families . 
  they know they are lucky to be in bulgaria and not in turkey , and they value their bulgarian citizenship much more than their turkish citizenship ( if they even have it ) . 
  this is why why dost is at about 2 % , and that is with erdogan paying off the gypsies . 
  nice alternate accounts by the way , why do n't you stick to posting with your other one ? 
  at least you are n't lying about your nationality by having a bulgarian flair on that one . 
   what is embarrasing is really how little you know about your own country . 
  perhaps it is the nostalgia and being so far away what makes you feel so nationalistic ? 
  lol . 
  i am not american , though i have studied there . 
  the us elections had implications for the entire world , which is why i was following them . 
  am i not allowed to have an opinion on them ? 
  i never claimed to be american and posted there with a bulgarian flair . 
  how exactly am i in the same situation ? 
  i am not trying to be something i am not to add credibility to my posts . 
  i am not `` obsessed with nationality , '' i simply do n't approve of faking your nationality to try and get a point across . 
  possibly because kurds have n't historically been oppressors in your country , they are the oppressed . 
  with zero background information , i see why this could be mistaken for a university . 
  even kliment ohridski university in sofia * kind of * looks like this . 
  well , kliment ohridski is * kind of * similar . 
  totally !, 
  we have some universities that * kind of * look like this . 
  honest mistake . 
  and they are n't greek , they are cyrillic . 
  and cyrillic was created in bulgaria . 
  but you 're probably just trying to tug on some strings , and it worked lol . 
  most bulgarian turks have been completely bulgarianized and are not loyal to turkey , actually . 
  and they are around 7.5 % and decreasing . 
  the turks in my country are good people , except for those like losangelesturk who are loyal to turkey and are n't really bulgarian - and they are the minority . 
  turkey has already annexed northern cyprus . 
  northern cypriots do not differentiate themselves from turks in turkey . 
  if anything , the russian annexation of crimea , while also wrong , was more legitimate than your annexation of cyprus . 
  and the fact that you were n't stopped has made you hungry for more . 
  and no , radev will not take bulgaria out of nato and the eu , that is just so ridiculous . 
  why does that even concern you ? 
  you are turkish , not bulgarian . 
  once merkel is out , the eu will be fine . 
  and the only problem with nato is turkey . 
  lol , should n't have laughed , but i did . 
  lol , embarrassing . 
  keep using the bulgarian flair in order to add credibility to your defense of turkey then . 
  you will continue getting exposed and continue looking foolish . 
  i guess if i was turkish i would n't use the turkish flag either . 
  i do attack his arguments . 
  i do n't attack his ethnic origins . 
  i am merely pointing out that no bulgarian would ever hold the views on barbaric turkish imperialism that he does . 
  the fact that he is loyal to turkey should be reason enough to change his flair . 
  his name is `` losangelesturk '' ... he should have a turkish flair ... even an american flair would be more correct . 
  i have nothing against turks . 
  but i take issue with turks ( or bulgarian turks who are loyal to turkey ) masquerading as bulgarians while defending turkey . 
  bulgarian turks are perfectly fine , otherwise they will move back to turkey . 
  it 's not like it is halfway around the world . 
  stop trying to act like a victim , when it is your ancestors that tortured mine under 500 years of slavery . 
  a fair solution would be turkey packing its bags and leaving . 
  cyprus is not yours .
