  100 % of bulgarians hold this view . 
  as i said , that is irrelevant . 
  what matters is where your loyalty lies , and it is obvious that yours lies with turkey . 
  no real bulgarian would ever defend turkish imperialism . 
  not after our ancestors were tortured by you for 500 years . 
  not when it is just plain wrong , and illegal . 
  only a turk could defend that . 
  if you want to call yourself bulgarian , that is fine with me . 
  but then stop defending turkey every opportunity you get . 
  it 's obvious where your loyalty lies . 
  and obviously the flair matters when it comes to credibility , because a turk would obviously defend turkey . 
  the international community does not , but you are trying to make it seem as though they do . 
  no bulgarian ( including real bulgarian turks ) would ever defend turkish imperialism . 
  hahaha so obviously bulgarian . 
  i mean , with a name like `` losangelesturk '' what else can he be ? 
  thing is , if he defended turkey so vehemently with a turkish flag , nobody would take him seriously . 
  the bulgarian flag gives him credibility . 
  i know the general consensus of all bulgarians . 
  not a single bulgarian will stand with turkey on the cypriot question . 
  not a single one . 
  not after 500 years of ottoman slavery . 
  not when it is illegal and wrong . 
  you are a turk that lives in los angeles . 
  your username , as well as your post history , proves that . 
  i have nothing against your opinions , but express them with your own flag , not mine . 
  now you 're lying . 
  i 've seen many posts of yours where you admit you live in the us , like that post where you asked how to `` americanize '' your name . 
  your username `` losangelesturk '' is also a dead giveaway . 
  it really is ridiculous . 
  and the fact that they were n't stopped has made them thirsty for more . 
  `` nooooo , that did n't happen , that 's just your imagination '' - losangelesturk, 
  you live in america and you are turkish . 
  you are not bulgarian . 
  you live in america and you are turkish . 
  you are not bulgarian . 
  okay , that 's true . 
  but use your own flag , not mine . 
  stop masquerading as a bulgarian . 
  he literally is talking out of his ass . 
  turkey is illegally occupying cypriot land . 
  very telling that he 's ashamed to use the turkish flag and needs to lie that he is bulgarian . 
  the other turkish guy is using the bulgarian flag . 
  why are you guys so ashamed of your flag ? 
  same with the other turkish guy using the bulgarian flag . 
  turks are ashamed of their own flag . 
  they wo n't, 
   you do know that turkish cypriots and , most importantly , turkish settlers occupy greek cypriot territory , right ? 
  i do n't think he understands this . 
  well said . 
  it will be tough in cyprus as turks are stubborn , but it can be done . 
  well said . 
  well said . 
  stop defending turkey with my country 's flair !, 
  everyone in bulgaria sides with cyprus !, 
  maybe it was a bulgarian swede ? 
  either way , who cares ? 
  it was a hilarious troll , and i 'm sure many idiots actually think that way . 
  mfw our food is so good that we have haters :'), 
  dude . 
  cyrillic = / = russian . 
  cyrillic was actually created in bulgaria . 
  you are probably going to die . 
  lol it does n't get too cold , coldest will usually be right around zero degrees . 
  sweater , jacket , boots , and a hat are essential . 
  snow is fun , you 're gon na love it . 
  now , if you 're planning a hike in the mountains or a ski trip , then it can get a little chilly . 
  the secret is the sirene ( bulgarian feta ) we sprinkle on top ... and the way it ever so slightly melts on the warm potato ... oh my god i need some right now . 
  suck it up you sissy !, 
  also , skiing + sledding  . 
  meh , never really gets outrageously cold . 
  basically gets just cold enough for snow in the winter . 
  unless you 're in the mountains . 
  ahhh get out of here and go enjoy your warm weather !, 
  huh ? 
  uh ... no . 
  we have literally nothing in common with turks . 
  not genetics . 
  not language . 
  not religion . 
  nothing . 
  i know i know . 
  do n't mind me , i 'm just a history nerd , 
  haha , nope !, 
  here 's the battle mentioned : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_ongal in particular , look at the `` casualties and losses '' section . 
  light losses for bulgaria vs almost the entire army destroyed for the byzantines . 
  hmm thank you , you learn something new everyday . 
  though i do see that there are many different competing theories . 
  just fyi , here 's an interesting quick story about the bulgars : thirty-thousand bulgars , led by asparux ( one of five brothers who went their own way out of old great bulgaria ) entered the area of modern bulgaria and befriended the seven slavic tribes ( bulgars protected the slavs from the byzantines ) . 
  under bulgar command , the entire invading byzantine army was destroyed . 
  the bulgars , although the ruling class , were much less numerous than the slavs and thracians , of which there were many , and therefore quickly assimilated into slavic culture ( although many aspects of bulgar and thracian culture remained ) , until by the 10th century they had adopted the slavic language , with the bulgar language going extinct in the kingdom ( bulgaria also created the cyrillic alphabet :d ) . 
  this is what happens when the bulgars were < 1 % of the total population . 
  yet the country has their name , which is astounding !, 
  bulgaria is the oldest country in europe that has n't changed its name since it was first established !, 
  thank you for your post !, 
  i know about the `` five tribes '' reference ( i 'm assuming it 's the five groups that left old great bulgaria to start their own civilization ) . 
  i 've never heard of `` trouble makers '' reference though . 
  do you have any source for this ? 
  sounds interesting . 
  i 've hiked from here to the rila monastery . 
  long and difficult hike and i almost died but man , awesome experience .
