  if it did n't , it would be confined to a single floor if the design is correct . 
  totally loaded is being able to afford to buy a house , have a second-hand car , a reasonable sized garden and being able to go on modest european holiday once or twice a year in the uk , 
  pretty much, 
  i agree , ultimately i should n't feel sympathy for such a brutal and such an economically hard right government . 
  does she need to be attractive or young to be a good politician ? 
  not that i think she 's a good politician anyway . 
  i can just imagine loads of soundbites scrawled on there in crayon . 
  brexit means brexit red white and blue brexit special relationship with europe strong and stable leadership no deal is better than a bad deal, 
  yeah i agree !, 
  her plans for the internet are absurd . 
  i agree . 
  i 'm not saying if they changed significantly i wo n't ever support them , a political party is n't like a football team . 
  i just ca n't support any form of the conservatives that has ever existed . 
  haha, 
  seems like the regulation is a bit behind the curve with these aluminium composite facades . 
  apparently they use a layer of polystyrene for insulation purposes but i suppose it 's quite flammable . 
  we had a loft conversion recently and we had to have fire alarms fitted into every single room . 
  it 's just a normal residential house ... 
  who brings a fridge on a plane, 
  nah insurance covers that / s, 
  suppose so . 
  oh they will , it will instead be `` waa they gave us a bad deal '' . 
  it 's just a facade , she knows how most of the electorate works , they read the headlines but not the article and a 3-4 word soundbite is excellent for a headline . 
  i think the only way to rid ourselves of the conservatives is to have them go through with brexit , the inevitable recession will hurt the conservative brand and get them voted out . 
  maybe a conservative led recession is a good thing and will cure our country of this damaging conservatism and our closed mindness . 
  if labour wins and continues on the brexit path ( which they will have to ) , and the inevitable brexit-induced recession happens , any left-wing government is unelectable for a decade . 
  maybe we need a tory led brexit to get rid of the conservatives for a decade or two . 
  i hate the conservatives but am starting to feel sorry for may . 
  she 's clearly had a very sheltered life , her dad was a pastor and she 's put herself in a little political bubble that she can cope in . 
  the issue is when she is faced with real working class people she just ca n't relate to them . 
  just this for example , surely everyone has partook in a mexican wave , but may apparently not . 
  just put her down before she embarrasses herself further . 
  really ? 
  i 'll have to enquire about my fair share then . 
  because unless your entire body is beetroot red no one will know you 've been on holiday , obviously . 
  also melanoma , the other day one of those maps was posted to / r/europe and the uk actually won at something !, 
  the easiest way is 95 years of the average british salary . 
  welp . 
  brits only remember it 3 days into their holiday when they look like a tomato . 
  it 's going to be hard for maybot to negotiate with just 32 soundbytes . 
  that 's just the excuse they are using . 
  it 's probably because the conservatives and dup ca n't come to an agreement . 
  thanks for the kind words , i can understand the bit about learning english . 
  i remember when we had strong growth :( well done dutchies , 
  time to go to stronk poland for a better life, 
  that would be the place i 'd go to - my dad is dutch and i have family in the netherlands . 
  the only issue is that i imagine it will be hard to learn dutch there because everyone speaks english - often in a new country you need to be forced to learn the language . 
  i 've heard many british students going to the netherlands have struggled with the language because basically every young person already speaks english . 
  it would make it much harder to integrate . 
  i love the netherlands though , it 's modern , progressive , food is good , there is a healthy lifestyle ( i love the cycling culture ) , people are friendly ( although a lot more direct than the british , i 'm always surprised by how blunt they are when i visit my family ) and there are plenty of high-tech jobs . 
  ugh i wish i was 18 when the referendum happened . 
  this is such a mess , and the pensioners and comfortable 50 year olds that voted for this wo n't be affected , but when i leave university i will ultimately have to face the difficult job market as a result of brexit . 
  maybe one day i 'll immigrate . 
  exactly , and with the economic turmoil that brexit will bring , for working families it 's important that the economy is as fair as possible . 
  even now there are many ` jam 's ( just about making its ) even before brexit . 
  after brexit they wo n't be just about making it . 
  there 's hope . 
  it looks like theresa may 's government is going to collapse as even teamed up with the dup there is just a majority of 2 . 
  even the conservatives will find it hard to justify working with a lot of the dup 's policies , there will be disagreements and in-fighting from the moderate sides of the conservatives if they do enact some of the dup 's policies . 
  it seems to me even if the government forms , it will collapse soon . 
  with this , another election would happen . 
  as of today , labour has surpassed the conservatives with a 6 percentage point lead in the polls . 
  as you probably know with first past the post , a 2-3 % difference is everything . 
  it looks like we may be getting rid of the conservatives soon , but whether it is a week or 1 year before the current government inevitably collapses is a different matter . 
  some mobile phone companies in the uk already have free eu wide roaming already from before the eu even legislated for it to be free . 
  for example three has had roaming in some countries in the eu for years , and eu wide roaming for months . 
  the uk is the only developed country experiencing gdp growth yet wage contraction . 
  [ graph showing our wage collapse ] ( https://3.bp.blogspot.com/-h2akm9vw6mc/wlk2lipx6pi/aaaaaaaadr4/3c5hyqli8_0l-if6h8seyek1y1iea2vnwclcb/s1600/ft%2bwage%2bcollapse%2buk.jpg ) the conservative government is pursuing one of the most economically right , ruthless and rigged economic policy seen in decades . 
  the rich have gotten * so * much richer and the poor * so * much poorer in the last 7 years . 
  people are sadly convinced that if we try and re-balance the wealth in this country by increasing the minimum wage and corporation tax it will be disastrous . 
  even when the corporation tax rates proposed by jeremy corbyn are still the lowest in the g7 and still lower than when the conservatives got into government . 
   uk is ruled by the immortal queen ( like now ) wew, 
  yeah i know it 's included in the price , but that marketing tool works well on me . 
  as a seller , i make sure to give free shipping . 
  yeah but in northern ireland , the texas of the uk . 
  i even disagree to the first point , lots of people just hate the labour and union branding . 
  [ if you ask people in a blind test on individual issues people almksy always favour labour/socialist policies . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/w7lsrbdkoxg ), 
  i love package forwarding buyers because ebay gives them no protections whatsoever , so while i 'm a honest seller - be careful you do n't get ripped off by a seller exploiting that loophole . 
  wow that 's terrible , i get free shipping on practically everything . 
  i would n't even consider spending that much on postage . 
  that 's mad . 
  yeah i can entirely sympathise with that . 
  i do n't get why they put restrictions in people finishing degrees - it means a free , highly educated person that actually paid for the privilege ... 
  it only seems advantageous to the government . 
  i sell stuff from the uk and tick the global shipping programme ( this is where i send the parcel to a uk address and it gets forwarded by ebay to the foreign customer ) box . 
  i 'm amazed by how much stuff i sell to europeans considering the postage fees ebay charge them for this service . 
  ( they charge like # 9 just to france ! ), 
  how are my products competitive when sometimes ebay charges up to half the list price just for postage ? 
  do europeans get that shafted by online shops in their own country ? 
  but that # drop was n't because of the prospect of jeremy winning , it was the uncertainty and the potential for a hung parliament . 
  if somehow we decided to cancel article 50 i have no doubt the # would go up . 
  i have a friend that has been trying to get his american wife in the uk and it 's been a disaster . 
  i feel for non-eu migrants trying to get into the uk . 
  oh shit , i just realised , nice !, 
  my dad was on a 430km/h maglev in shanghai recently . 
  why ca n't the uk get some of these cool trains ? 
  she 's ruined brexit . 
  she wanted a stronger hand to get anything needed through parliament for brexit . 
  we 're now going into the bexit negotiations with a hung parliament - who do we even send in to talk at brussels ?
