i see . 
  did n't the uk parliament have a vote about this and they now recognise it too ? 
  ( or will do soon ? ), 
  pretty sure the spanish government would be happy to keep the english , but it definitely adds a level of uncertainty . 
  to be honest , there 's no real reason to like or dislike the queen . 
  i 'm quite happy with her being there . 
  even the new labour party leader , who describes himself as a republican is n't bothered about getting rid of the monarchy . 
  i 've never made a real effort to learn a foreign language , but from what i 've heard it is very hard for people living in the uk to ever become fluent at a language unless they go on a long holiday there for a few years . 
  my family live in the netherlands and when i visit almost all the people , movies , tv shows , the internet , books are in english or the english option is easy to get . 
  i 'm sure this would definitely help practise . 
  the uk definitely gets the economic advantage of being able to focus on other areas in schools though , the government keeps trying to encourage language uptake but the reality is that most people do n't take a language and those that do find it very hard . 
  brits in general have a cynical and complainy culture . 
  only on / r/europe not in real life . 
  what ? 
  how did blair cause a worldwide recession ? 
  yeah that 's a bullshit metric of poverty . 
  how about , can they afford durable clothing , a place to sleep in a warm home , have spare money at the end of the month , afford non-junk food , enough money to pay for hobbies , entertainment , media . 
  too cold . 
  i like france because at burger king you get big ketchup packets not those pathetic tiny ones . 
  not only the longest reigning , the best ever too . 
  who pays a shill to go against france of all countries, 
  why do the french have such a disgusting approach to protest ? 
  i was gobsmacked when the french government gave in to taxi drivers and banned uber after taxi drivers blocked streets , set tyres on fire , smashed uber cars up , threw bricks at uber cars . 
  they are progressing at a quick rate , its difficult to get much done with such a large population in poverty though . 
  yeah as much of an opinion as me asking mps to do something ( so barely anything ), 
  i hope that mps are n't influenced by this , religion and state should be separate - religious people do n't have to do this so why does it bother them, 
  i was considering going to germany or the netherlands for university but i think i 'm going to stay in the uk . 
  you only have to pay back your student loan in the uk if you make a salary above # 26,000 ( 35,800 euros ) and if you never make that it is written off . 
  to be honest the only reason i would fear the loan would be if i had a low wage , but considering this i 'm okay with it . 
  call of duty nazi zombies ? 
  i highly doubt that the uk could be such a big anomaly with these horrible child molestation revelations , it must be part of a wider thing that is more international . 
  not to be a conspiracy theorist . 
  it seems far too frequent for it to just be the uk involved , perhaps it 's just that the uk was one of the first countries to discover it . 
  scotland will be able to vote in the referendum too , so no . 
  the press are already calling it the brexit . 
  of course it is . 
  yeah but that 's not how it works is it ... 
  if they say no in one referendum they should n't repeat it a few years later . 
  [ can we get the lisbon treaty ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/rymt3bbooia ), 
  eh , they get a lot in aid and cash from china . 
  yeah , just like the eu lisbon treaty in ireland , there was a referendum for it and people said no , so they ignored that and ran another which said yes i recall . 
  a fuck you to democracy basically . 
  and to think they would n't have to do all that if they just had a bic pen . 
  also i 'm surprised they use uk plugs there - i thought it was just here and hong kong . 
  that 's really strange . 
  in the uk pretty much everywhere allows card payments for any amount except some local [ corner shops ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0gn5ibx.jpg ), 
  i 've never bought something in the uk that had a european plug ( except a chinese phone i bought ) , but for that phone i used the pen lid trick . 
  basically you get a plastic bic pen lid and put it into the top port of the uk 3 pin plug socket so as to deactivate the safety mechanism ( that requires a ground pin ) , then just force the european plug into the two uk pins . 
  the vast majority of people in the uk did n't want the iraq war , there were the biggest protests in uk recorded history over them . 
  as for taking responsibility , the ( likely ) next labour party leader has said that if the iraq war inquiry finds that it was illegal then tony blair will be put on trial for war crimes . 
  there 's even a website someone made whereby you win a ton of cash if you attempt a citizens arrest on tony blair for war crimes ( arrestblair.org ) - if you really think that uk citizens wanted or see positively the iraq war then you are delusional . 
  china needs food because most of their land is n't able to be used to grow food . 
  russia has lots of land . 
  russia needs money . 
  sounds like a good idea to allow them to farm there with some common sense restrictions . 
  of course he did , it was all just for show before the election . 
  it was easy to know this was going to happen then , they ` agreed ' on only paying half then . 
  the media went mad saying `` only half of the eu bill will be paid '' , but if you dug deeper the agreement was actually that half will be paid then and the rest later . 
  i just ca n't believe the media are allowed to be so misleading . 
  wait for the iraq war inquiry please , then when that concludes we did ` nothing wrong ' then we can get pissed off . 
  we never got rid of the colonies , just puppeted them instead of annexed ;p, 
  fucking hell , how ungrateful . 
  these people are trying to help them and they do that . 
  she has a strong will to continue that . 
  that 's a good point that i did n't think of . 
  well , i 'm sure higher education is great here due to its good universities however i was just surprised we 'd take such a high spot . 
  i 've never really considered english people any better educated than other europeans though . 
  that 's a good point . 
  i think they are both fine . 
  if you are going out to a polling station to vote to stay/leave the eu and only make a decision when you are there based on the wording of the question you probably should n't be voting . 
  i do n't mean to be anti immigration ( these refugees do need to settle somewhere ) - just arguing against your point of it being economically/politically beneficial to the uk , i really do n't think that uk politicians want any more immigration at all - they are too incompetent to build houses to cope with eu migration causing huge inflation of house prices let alone further migration we 're a small island where the government is currently trying to cut things with austerity - because of this our public infrastructure and services are already being pushed by the unsustainable growth of population . 
  germany is also much more focused on exports , whereas the uk is more focused on services . 
  this means there are plenty of labour jobs in germany that do n't require lots of training or fantastic communication skills ( the hard labour in mass production for example ) whereas in the uk jobs are usually heavily communication focused which may be something that syrian refugees struggle with . 
  i could see them working in agriculture here though . 
  i think eu migration is far by enough to satisfy immigration to add to the workforce , so politicians wo n't want to take syrians unless public opinion shifts . 
  the median age of the german population is 46.1 whereas in the uk it is about 40 , so they will need the workers once their older workers begin to retire . 
  i 'm surprised by the uk 's high ranking to be honest . 
  i 've heard that poland has a pretty great education system , especially in maths however the investment is often lost as people leave poland to find higher paying work elsewhere . 
  poland is aware of the brain drain currently taking place there so i imagine they are trying to invest heavily in education to grow their economy to avoid people leaving . 
  for anyone wondering , in the uk the labour party ( one of the two big parties incl . 
  the conservatives who are currently in power ) are having a leadership election . 
  the man on the right is jeremy corbyn , he is anti austerity and more left winged than the majority of the labour party . 
  he is currently surging in support above other candidates and most likely to win and is being attacked by almost all newspapers and major politicians , he 's even been called a [ national security risk ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/aug/31/jeremy-corbyn-poses-national-security-threat-george-osborne ) by the conservative chancellor . 
  ( despite being a pacifist ) tony blair ( the man pointing ) has been criticising jeremy corbyn , probably because jeremy corbyn regards `` blairite '' labour policies as bad and wants to get rid of them . 
  he also wants to [ put tony blair on trial for war crimes related to the iraq invasion ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/jeremy-corbyn-tony-blair-could-face-war-crimes-trial-over-illegal-iraq-invasion-10439020.html ) , so tony may feel threatened . 
  the characters at the back are the other labour party leader candidates , liz kendall , andy burnham and yvette cooper . 
  they are standing behind blair as many regard them as just being typical `` blairites '' whereas jeremy corbyn is n't . 
  well done , you stated two countries where your narrative was true . 
   the uk government pays spain an annual sum per pensioner to cover their health costs . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/money/2008/apr/08/expat-finance-spain and the pensioners are only moving there because of the megabucks they made from the uk housing prices inflation . 
  football *, 
  did n't even mention it . 
  thanks for the video , quite concerning . 
  well i suppose it 's because conservatives are inherently deregulatory , it 's to be expected . 
  i honestly feel that the destruction of guardian computers has been the most dystopian thing about the entire revelation of spying , because of the strange intimidation tactics used by the gchq . 
  the guardian told the gchq that they had external backups of the snowden files and destroying these particular computers would achieve nothing , yet they still got them to destroy the computers and did nothing to the external computer . 
  it seems like a symbolic act intended to intimidate the guardian , i recall reading an article from the guardian with a quote from the gchq worker there , and he said that lots of people in the british government want them shut down . 
  how can we claim we have freedom of press when this sort of things happens ? 
  how far would the government go to cover up paedophiles in government ?
