  no , the eu can not shrink . 
  it is an ever growing tumour of bureaucracy . 
  he 's giving an example that the uk is n't the only example of western nations having their cake and eating it . 
  we never got rid of school uniforms , stop drawing unnecessary parallels . 
  well it 's going to jump off the edge soon , 
  in what respect ? 
  the government said aricle 50 would be called when we have a new prime minister , we 've had our prime minister for under a day . 
  give her some time to sort out internal stuff and then she will call it . 
  and honestly if someone comes to the uk as a foreigner , with no connections , often not able to speak the language , why would an employer employ them over you as a brit unless you were seriously bad at your job . 
  i wonder how the uk would be now if he won the election ... 
  the usa spends # 20.1 bn and the uk spends # 11.7 bn per year on foreign aid . 
  the usa is much bigger than 2x the economic size of the uk , so as a percentage of our overall gdp we spend more at 0.7 % gdp . 
  a coked up low-key disney villain . 
  there 's videos on youtube of him in parliament clearly completely fucked up . 
  not true , as a percentage the usa donates less than the uk , but as their country is a lot richer it 's a larger net amount . 
  so that 's why george osbourne has n't been seen , he 's probably on a multiple day long coke & aderall ( and xanax ) fueled plan writing sesh . 
  in that area , there are more areas to life than it companies data storage regulations . 
  incorrect , it just means that we must have equivalent data protection laws . 
  so the theoretical limit is far beyond the capacity of the uk , so therefore may as well be considered endless and without limit . 
  the porn drama was journalism at its worst . 
  the so called porn blocks are fully in place now , let me elaborate on how they work . 
  when you first have a new internet provider installed , and connect to the internet http page from the router will load up . 
  this will ask you if you would like to enable `` family safety '' or something along those lines . 
  these blocks are not on be default , those who claim they are probably had a family member click yes to family safety without them knowing . 
  you can turn off these blocks by logging into your router or isp website with the isp logon . 
  it does n't even require a phone call . 
  how do you propose people travel to places then ? 
  i understand planes are incredibly carbon heavy but people need to move sometimes . 
  it 's in the ios ecosystem too . 
  an interesting one i 've been playing recently is the gps real life ingress game for android/ios . 
  the community for my city is quite active and friendly and often meet up . 
  it 's definitely the most authentic/real gaming experience for smartphones at the moment . 
  they do pay a liveable wage , in the uk waiters / baristas do n't have their wages supplemented by their tips , instead it 's on top of a set wage . 
  english were the ones being beaten up by provocative russians with metal poles and put into comas *, 
  i do n't know . 
  i was just using it as an example . 
  exactly like that, 
  because it 's not entirely a british nationalist movement , perhaps people disagree with the eu fishing quotas , perhaps people disagree with the excessive protectionist policies towards trade . 
  gross simplification like that is n't really helpful this close to the referendum , we need real debate . 
  well its happened before, 
  not true . 
  if i set my dns to 8.8.8.8 thepiratebay.se is still blocked . 
  those of us stuck with virgin or other big isps have long learned to use a vpn or a proxy to unblock stuff anyway . 
  also these isp porn blocks on many uk isps are teaching an entire new generation to use vpns too !, 
  i remember seeing a thread like a year back that the netherlands would be unblocking previously mandated blocked piracy sites like the pirate bay , did this happen ? 
   cogent communications not one of the big isps , so not required to enforce the mandated block list by the government . 
  or the eu not growing at the same pace as the rest of the world . 
  obviously for so much production and trade to move to china as a whole the rest of the world is doing stuff worse . 
   marina baixa too many british tourists for me , it even has benidorm which is a cliche british trash holiday place . 
  you can also get a very unique service in south east asia  , 
  i 'm surprised by the netherlands , did n't notice anything wrong with the air quality on the many occasions i 've visited . 
  probably because of your dirty neighbours ( germany ) . 
  london 's pollution is pretty awful ... 
  i thought , until i went until hanoi in vietnam . 
  we still have n't reached the point where people wear pollution masks or have had to ban old cars in london like france has in paris . 
  that being said , it definitely needs improvement . 
  i think the pollution crisis in western europe has been perpetuated by the german car industries lies about diesel cars and our obsession over co2 when there are other harmful gases like sulphur dioxide . 
  diesel cars have been encouraged by politicians in the uk as we were misinformed about the co2 production of them , and also ignored that they burn more dirty than petrol cars , producing more sulphur dioxide and carbon particulates . 
  now that the tower of lies has fallen down we 're realising that the german car industry has fucked us pretty bad air quality wise , i imagine in a decade it will clear up though as politicians will encourage petrol cars again . 
  [ that and we have almost completely abandoned coal at this point in exchange for gas , see this uk power grid summary ] ( http://www.gridwatch.templar.co.uk/ ) it 's not perfect or renewable but it burns clean ( er ) and efficiently , this is in contrast to countries like germany that have actually increased their coal usage since fukushima . 
  co2 is n't the gas you should be concerned about , it 's carbon particulates , sulphur dioxide and other harmful gases . 
  i 'd never go to a country like turkey for a holiday , especially after the shit they have pulled this year . 
  i 'd much rather go to greece , or spain , or sod europe and go to somewhere in south east asia, 
  thanks for making a table for that , it was difficult to comprehend before that . 
  there 's no reason to believe that leaving the eu will compromise existing border agreements . 
  why would n't you want to do that ? 
  makes me cringe to hear that . 
  because the uk-france border is not an eu issue . 
  do n't you know there are violent wars in turkey , through eastern europe and the mediterranean ? 
  that 's why they have to cross to germany , france , the netherlands and the uk . 
  because it 's already happened in the uk and we know how it ends up . 
  no one wants to go to estonia so you do n't know what a class of economically useless and non integrating individuals is like . 
  yes , for the secular celebration of consumerism rather than jesus . 
  i do n't think it is . 
  i think our culture is changing rapidly and most see religion as a negative influence on society . 
  you can join if you accept the queen as your head of state . 
  it 'd be our pleasure . 
  the death penalty is n't that politically unpopular in the uk . 
  peoples support for the death penalty varies by whether something * really awful * has happened or not . 
  support goes up if you hear about some terrible murderer/terrorist , but is down when you hear about miscarridges of justice and the news is n't too bad . 
  sometimes consensus swings in favour of it , other times it swings out of favour , though it 's usually close . 
  the dutch are one of our biggest allies for voting in the eu , so a loss of us from the eu is a loss for the netherlands politically . 
  the dutch are one of our biggest allies for voting in the eu , so a loss of us from the eu is a loss for the netherlands politically . 
  pro-big business neoliberal conservative government . 
  what do you mean on who 's organizing it ? 
  an independent body of the government that also regulates other referendums i suppose ? 
  have an election for the president of the european commiss -- oh ... 
  this just shows how artificial the nhs 's budget being starved really is . 
  even after the financial crash of 2008 the nhs was in surplus . 
  the liberal democrat-conservative coalition held back some of the ideological cuts to the nhs , but now that the conservatives have full control of the nhs we 're seeing the real damage . 
  do n't know why this is downvoted , germany has a strong industry now but it could all be wrecked by their poor demographics . 
  too late , our industry already died . 
  my father works for a uk company making mri scanners and superconducting magnets for the lhc , prototype fusion reactors etc and he says that the chinese steel quality is unreliable and generally shit . 
  now that the uk factories shut down he 's getting it imported from europe , but if more plants shut down in europe all the steel bought from china would have to be screened ( which is expensive and very time consuming ) because it 's often performing lower than specifications due to being contaminated with cheaper metals to increase profits . 
  also alloys have tax reliefs in china , but these alloys are often sold as steel on the market fraudulently . 
  if it 's any comfort corbyn will face civil war from labour for lots of the stuff he wants to do . 
  it would never pass parliament . 
  a bit like all the terrible decisions the tories are trying to make at the moment and then doing a u-turn on . 
  no one here cares , people do eurovision drinking games . 
  yeah probably .
