  there have been instances in some package holidays that provide all-include meals where a large proportion of the entire resort got ill in the past , there were huge payouts , and as a result a compensation industry formed . 
  but yes , i 'm sure some people do abuse the compensation system too . 
  no no no no no no no no no, 
  wait , they call * both * chips ? 
  tory nhs, 
  not from my impression . 
  people are extremely tolerant of gay people in the uk , i 'm gay and have never faced any intolerance or anything that would make me disadvantaged versus a straight person . 
  haha , what a horror . 
  how was that even served ? 
  would n't the tortellini make the chips soggy ? 
  how was that even served ? 
  would n't the tortellini make the chips soggy ? 
  lol, 
  i remember when theresa was home secretary and she was proposing all the awful backwards nanny state bollocks , snoopers charter , porn blocks etc. 
  i remember thinking ` theresa would definitely be the worst of the bunch to be pm ' , and look where we are . 
  she 's probably the biggest extremist of the major conservative party players . 
  the german media is better at reporting british politics than the uk media ... 
  i fucking hate our media . 
  i 've found the dutch to be far more direct , even rude , they are far more honest/direct and do n't embellish things to the same level as the brits . 
  i think they genuinely think that . 
  good points , however prions are a completely different level of fucking awful than any ordinary disease . 
  yeah the sort of people that go to shagaluf , ibiza and amsterdam do n't really overlap with the people that go to iceland . 
  definitely a different target audience ... 
  unfortunately many people will consider everyone in the uk to be like those that behave poorly in party cities . 
  it really depends . 
  uk houses are usually about 100 + years old , and often have very old plumbing and heating systems . 
  this is the reason for the separated taps . 
  houses that use two taps have this because their hot water is fed into an insulated tank usually residing in the loft , called an immersion boiler . 
  this tank is kept at a lukewarm/hot temperature , it is usually heated up on a timer ready for showers in the morning - hence how in some tv shows the hot water gets ` used up ' when this never happens in newer buildings . 
  this creates perfect conditions for the formation of bacteria , potentially contaminating the water . 
  comparatively , the cold taps are fed directly from the mains water supply which is fine to drink . 
  so if you mixed these two sources together the water has the potential to be contaminated . 
  of course nowadays houses are getting these systems removed in exchange for combi gas or electric boilers . 
  these do n't use a tank and enable you to safely fit mixer taps . 
  any new houses being built will have mixer taps , and the vast majority of people where i live no longer have any separated taps . 
  chemical castration has serious links to damaged mental health because of how it completely fucks your hormonal balance . 
  alan complained of constant shakiness in his hands making writing and creating impossible . 
  i would say what he had to endure was a form of torture . 
  i agree entirely . 
   british beef is very highly rated do n't mean to hate on my own countries farmers , but are we just forgetting about mad cow disease ? 
  do n't you remember how so many countries banned british beef and millions of people in the uk quit eating beef entirely for fear of their own lives ? 
  what do you hate so much ? 
   now on to marriage gay marriage has been legal since 2014 ?!? 
  in fact you said in your original post that we are more conservative in terms of gay rights , but as a gay man i 've never faced any discrimination or not felt welcome . 
  we 've had gay marriage legalised for a few years and countries like germany do n't even have that yet . 
  i have family in the netherlands and i 've always expressed how embarrassing it is that they speak perfect english and i never bothered to learn any dutch . 
  * their * view is that it is pointless for me to learn dutch or any european language . 
  so it 's not just the brits that think it 's unnecessary . 
  then your breakfast is like the one most british people have every day except weekends . 
  your using top gear as an example ? 
  wow . 
  sorry you are really reaching , top gear is a joke and definitely not a reflection of people 's actual opinions towards them . 
  they tried to push the line of edgy ( in public broadcast ) for comedy . 
  i do n't know anyone in the uk that watches the bbc top gear anymore . 
  everyone i know who is still interested watches the grand tour from amazon . 
  :( what a waste . 
  since net 300,000 migration plus birth rates for years and years . 
  yeah i 've seen that happen before , it 's really dependent on who you are around and who your friends are . 
  it 's more of a joke then anything , i 'm not a nationalist queen lover . 
  surprisingly no one had mentioned it before . 
   island monkeys love it, 
   silly breakfast are you from one of those countries that has desert for breakfast  also the british breakfast is definitely not a daily thing , more like a once every weekend or two thing . 
  invented electrons , antimatter and neutrons fucking hell we created matter . 
  i really disagree , people see germany in envy and definitely not in a negative way . 
  you 're probably making this judgement from all of the ignorant british youtube and news article comments in tabloids that seem to still rant on about ww2 , but they do not reflect the majority and should be ignored . 
  they are the british equivalent of the american `` we saved ur ass in ww2 ! 1 '' meme . 
  but if you ever meet a brit as a german you really are n't going to face any backlash . 
  i 'm confused as to why you see british people to be disingenuous or fake ? 
  i think lots of people here will sugar coat things that could otherwise cause awkwardness/tension in social settings , whereas a dutch or german person might just say ` your breath smells ' outright . 
  i do n't think that 's fake , just a difference in how we communicate . 
  could you give an anecdote in your experience where you have noticed this ? 
  oh god , a 24/7 pie vending machine . 
  how long were you ill for ? 
  that 's a nice idea !, 
  scottish people are incredibly unhealthy is the reference , but i do n't understand the relevance . 
  i would n't know , i 'm gay :p but yeah i completely see where you are coming from, 
  wow . 
  apparently there is a limit for iceberg lettuce , 3 per person for tesco and 2 per person for morrisons . 
  morrison 's also have a limit on brocolli , at 3 per head . 
  it 's because of austerity measures , so rather the opposite . 
  he 's absolutely right , she 's polling great . 
  only the circlejerk on reddit will have you believe she is disapproved of . 
  i personally dispise her because of her attitude towards the nhs and mass surveillance . 
  well the uk is still 0.2 % above the threshold . 
  i 'm unsure if military pensions would be 0.2 % of the uk 's gdp considering the small number of people that receive military pensions compared to the general public . 
  really weird , especially for someone from ireland - i suppose you always get idiots , but that 's crazy to be aimed at you considering you 're from somewhere that is so close . 
  someone clearly had a inferiority complex !, 
  wow , where about did you live ? 
  i ca n't speak for everywhere in the uk , but all the articles i hear on / r/europe about xenophobia and racism coming from the uk seem so distant from where i have lived . 
  i could never imagine xenophobia towards * swedes * of all people ... 
  i would n't worry about it , a large amount of the `` xenophobia '' was a negligible increase/anomaly in reported hate crimes that were taken highly out of proportion by the anti-brexit media . 
  rip italian wood-fired pizza van that was actually affordable outside my college . 
  my father lives in the uk , has a high-up job in a uk company , and has lived in the uk for longer than he has lived in the netherlands - yet he still holds a dutch passport . 
  why ? 
  he has a certificate of permanent residency , meaning he can stay . 
  he sees no need to get a uk passport . 
  ultimately i think the public will be reluctant , but do what it takes to make brexit as least painful as possible ( i 'm hesitant to say `` a success '' because it 's unlikely to be ) and if that means changing our economy it 's not an empty threat . 
  okay until this week , it 's been a bit chilly . 
  also among the reasons already mentioned , ultimately english outlets are going to report on it because it 's about the uk . 
  further up this comment thread someone said that european news sources are n't even talking about brexit anymore , so why would they talk about the uk not shrinking ?
