  i wish the uk government 's drug policy was centered around science , facts and studies rather than what sounds good to the average voter . 
  our drug policy sucks and pushes drug users towards dangerous alternatives . 
  no austerity ? 
  the uk 's cuts have seen our growth slow a little . 
  do n't know the state of austerity for the rest of europe though . 
  yay we do n't suck worse than everyone else for once, 
  i was in mcdonalds the other day and someone pushed past me not realizing i was n't being served . 
  i was so shocked that i did n't say anything and just tutted . 
  but why are they having ballot boxes in germany and the uk when they could post it instead ? 
  yay england won on something other than most unequal economically . 
  that is true , but one of the most socially acceptable , yet damaging things should be regulated to discourage use . 
  the nhs in the uk means that the tax payer foots the bill for the health issues people get from smoking , including very expensive cancer treatment . 
  i 'm not blaming the victims , but i think that if we have a health service that is funded through taxes and as a group then we should try our best to reduce costs , especially if companies are actually making profits from these costs . 
  i would understand the tobacco companies not being regulated in countries that have a different social views towards these things , like the usa , where if these people get illnesses from their actions ( smoking ) they foot the bill - not the entire population , but in the uk these things are approached differently . 
  i hope that the plain packaging goes through . 
  lots of young people vote for the green party too . 
  mostly in areas with a high student population . 
  for example they are in power in brighton as that is a largely a student area . 
  eli5 , why are they voting in other countries rather than posting their ballot ? 
  do n't go after the very lenient 1000gb , this is a mobile phone data connection . 
  the fact is that on 3g networks we are seeing masts become overloaded . 
  i 'd rather people not use that much so that i can use data when i need it . 
  even if you stream netflix 24/7 i bet you would n't even use 1000gb on a mobile network . 
  you should be venting frustration over the us providers that throttle data after 5gb to 2g speeds . 
  if you can find me one person that has hit this 1000gb without cheating them ( eg using it as home broadband ) i 'd be surprised . 
  to be fair . 
  its described as all you can eat , not unlimited . 
  also anyone using over 999gb a month is abusing the network for other customers too . 
  have you used over that before ? 
  anyway , most `` unlimited '' contracts in the us cap at 5gb, 
  999gb cap , no throttles . 
  i downloaded 100gb one month and it stayed at 30mbps download . 
  three, 
  i get unlimited 4g in the uk for # 10.90 ( 15.35 euros ) . 
  i have a fair use cap of 999gb from three, 
  i get unlimited 4g in the uk for # 10.90 ( 15.35 euros ) . 
  i have a fair use cap of 999gb ( really . ), 
  i get unlimited 4g in the uk for # 10.90 ( 15.35 euros ) . 
  i have a fair use cap of 999gb ( really . ), 
  but i get unlimited 4g in the uk for # 10.90 ( 15.35 euros ), 
  bbc is not just television , there are education services provided and they have many initiatives across the uk , you could argue that it has many social benefits here . 
  one of the services they offer is called bbc bitesize which is used for revision for the national exams , i as well as everyone i know used it as it is a fantastic resource . 
  the bbc is a non politically motivated form of media ( relatively anyway , there are some arguments against it ) which is something the uk can certainly benefit from when we have such biased media here . 
  its a fallacy of an argument anyway , a false dilemma . 
  the hospitals in the uk are being cut through our governments austerity however hospitals are not at breaking point . 
  its not a decision between tv or death . 
  the tv licence is n't a tax either , for example if you do not watch live tv you do not need to pay for it . 
  i find tv and radio with adverts extremely annoying so the bbcs media appeals to me . 
  i as well as almost everyone i know do not support the fptp system we have , the 36 % vote for a majority government is something to be * ashamed * of . 
  i think that a stv system would be far more representative . 
  if we had a relative proportional representation system there would be more powerful right wing parties in power - i do n't like these parties , but i recognise that our current system is undemocratic and that is more important than my political beliefs . 
  if you do n't wish to pay for television , you can watch it after airing online without a tv licence legally . 
  same argument can be applied to the uk , but that is a blatant tu quoque fallacy . 
  yeah , radio adverts are so obnoxious . 
  with adverts ... no thanks . 
  idiot . 
  in the uk the housing crisis has been far worse ... my parents bought our house 15 years ago for 75k . 
  after some renovations it is now worth 750k . 
  how am i going to buy a house ? 
  thank you for sott.net for giving me a reason to eat less diet foods . 
  contribute to what ? 
  all current wars are a waste of time ... 
  contribute to what ? 
  all current wars are a waste of time ... 
  why did it take so long for germany ? 
  exactly . 
  people have estimated ukip will get between 1-3 seats over something like 600 . 
  mmmm delicious bog water, 
  shh do n't say anything and we can finally be one of the best on one of these maps . 
  you really think this ? 
  considering in many european countries birth rates are actually falling and immigration is propping up the population growth . 
  at what point does a gag law become a dictatorship then ? 
  what if you cant criticize the government ? 
  surely that is agnostic then ? 
  yes , ~ ~ british ~ ~ european colony must expand, 
  i guess that is just the result of so many tourists and so much population . 
  people feel less personal with their environment and do n't respect it as much . 
  we also need to increase foreign aid and stop overthrowing leaders , we need to promote stability in the middle east . 
  these people have been devistated , from the overthrowing of sadam and gaddafi . 
  more stability will allow these people to build lives in their own countries rather than immigrate and that is the source of the issue . 
  to be fair , the far right of uk politics ( ukip ) seems to be the left of us politics . 
  if someone in the us were more left leaning i could easily see them preferring european countries politically . 
  it 's a big jump to generalise everyone who votes for ukip , but their popularity is far more prevalent in working class or less educated people . 
  to win votes from those planning to vote for ukip . 
  stop being so lazy france . 
  quantitative easing , the biggest experimental form of stealing in history . 
  bbc made their shows widely avaliable , top gear is available in 200 countries ( ! ), 
  including north korea ... 
  they put it on netflix and you can see it on bbc iplayer . 
  bbc license fee is dirt cheap too . 
  why is twitter blocked in your school ? 
  my uk secondary school is quite unrestrictive . 
  ( obviously porn and reddit are blocked though ), 
  not hbo , you would n't be able to watch it anywhere without paying loads or pirating it . 
  it means they do n't have data on that country . 
  it does n't exist in the uk . 
  at all . 
  its illegal as we have to follow eu law too . 
  i think your username says it best . 
  not sure where you are situated , but here in the uk i 'd say mobile telecommunications infrastructure is one of the few pieces of infrastructure that is still world-class at very competitive prices .
