  but that does n't change the fact that the establishment have been neglecting housing for decades ** and as a result have lost hope in the establishment ** , people saw leaving the eu as a way to fight the establishment . 
  if government are n't going to fix the housing market properly ( building more houses ) then the next logical thing to do is reduce demand for houses . 
  not that i agree with that method of course . 
  why are western countries ranking so highly , women 's general happiness has been going down in western countries for decades now - surely happiness is the most important factor for what country is good to live in ? 
  i think the methodology is flawed . 
  decreasing the rate of immigration is one way to get those things issues improved , remember , a large section of society rejects that the establishment will fix these things ( because they are n't fixing them ) . 
  the housing crisis will never be fixed in a meaningful way , so people went against the establishment because they felt it was their only option - reducing market demand on british houses by reducing net migration is one method of decreasing house prices . 
  it 's from before brexit . 
  the tory government has managed to do what they always do , cause a huge divide in wages between the rich and the poor . 
  it 's mind boggling that they got away with it . 
  it 's not brexit , it 's class war . 
  it 's why i think the conservative party are the most hard right party in the uk , they manage to cause declines in wealth for the working class similar to that of greece without even being noticed . 
  ukip would n't have been that plotting to have gotten away with it . 
  link : [ the tory war on british workers ' wages and labour rights ] ( https://anotherangryvoice.blogspot.co.uk/2016/07/the-tory-war-on-british-workers-wages.html ), 
  the old report was made to exaggerate the effects of brexit to scare people away from voting for it . 
  if george osbourne sanctioned/published it , it had to fit cameron 's government 's strategy . 
  the remain campaign acted poorly , correlating people that wanted brexit with racists , when in reality working class families have been hit hard by mass uncontrolled immigration through devalued wages ( through a worker surplus ) and the housing crisis ( caused by too much housing demand ) . 
  unfortunately the name-and-shame/name calling methods used by the remain campaign did n't convert to referendum success . 
  it 's what loads of populist leaders have been advocating for . 
  they want to punish the uk even if it hurts them too . 
  [ uk must pay price for brexit , says fran\u00e7ois hollande ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/oct/07/uk-must-pay-price-for-brexit-says-francois-hollande ) [ tusk says eu must n't let britain profit from brexit ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-britain-eu-tusk-idukkcn0zt0we ) ( implying we will be punished ) [ eu leaders line up to insist uk will pay a high price for brexit ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/oct/08/eu-leaders-line-up-to-insist-uk-will-pay-a-high-price-for-brexit-stance ), 
  my comment was sort of in jest , i know in reality a sudden drop would be catastrophic . 
  that being said uk house prices are insane and becoming unaffordable , peoples disposable income are being caught up in debt and mortgages rather in things that could actually grow the economy . 
  a steady but slow decrease in house prices would be brilliant . 
  houses are more expensive than chinese shit , i think middle to low income people could definitely enjoy the 30 % drop in property prices and spend it on the slightly more expensive imports . 
  there should be healthy choices for kids in school , otherwise schools are abusing their children . 
  i totally agree with that . 
  those are perfectly normal for breakfast . 
  nice username, 
  retired people do n't have jobs . 
  exactly , pensions that they earned in the uk will be spent in their retiring country 's economies . 
  it 's just like long-term tourism really . 
  it 's a very small minority of british elderly that do that , and those elderly people will be bringing their pensions that they earned in the uk and spending them in their retiring countries economies . 
  it 's just like long-term tourism really . 
  i suppose , but they say that gdp stagnation is equivalent to recession ( with other countries outpacing you in purchasing power for example ) . 
  slow gdp growth is probably equivalent to slow decline in terms of purchasing power and global relevance too . 
  unless you trip on a tree root or something there 's not much to worry about walking through the woods here :p, 
  we have n't had any economic depression . 
  unless you mean that `` bottom out '' is the economic growth we 've seen even post brexit vote - in which case , how optimistic of you . 
  they are being used for quotes , in this instance `` molested '' has been used by a report or source and that 's why it 's been quoted . 
  it 's not for emphasis as some people said , it 's quoted because it 's a quote . 
  they are being used for quotes , in this instance `` molested '' has been used by a report or source and that 's why it 's been quoted . 
  it 's not for emphasis as some people said , it 's quoted because it 's a quote . 
  nandos is n't spicy , most anglo indian food is n't either . 
  that 's true , but i do n't think aldi or lidl are going to cause that . 
  especially when tesco , asda , morrisons , m&s , the co-op and waitrose all want the same as aldi or lidl , that to me seems like there 's plenty of competition stopping a `` fat cat '' situation . 
  spar has practically dissapeared . 
  british supermarkets are getting eaten up by lidl and aldi as they are cheaper and better supermarkets often . 
  it 's caused a huge amount of competition for food in the uk making it really cheap . 
  haha true, 
  i do n't think an eu army is a good idea . 
  i do n't get it either . 
  yeah but that 's playing the globalists game , that 's what they want you to do / s, 
   50 \u2105 upvoted wow this subreddit really ca n't stand anything that is n't anti-uk/anti-brexit right now ? 
  well on paper the country is doing better , so why is n't this materialising for young people ? 
  the answer is that wealth is skewed towards older people and essentials like housing and utilities are too expensive . 
  it used to be standard on all packages , but they now also offer cheap no tethering , no roaming contracts for the lowest of low prices . 
  the ordinary contracts offer roaming in 42 countries including eu , so the standard is for roaming and you do n't pay extra . 
  so what stops you importing sims from countries where the contract prices are lowest ? 
  probably , lucky i 'm half dutch . 
  the british are used to persevering , it 's why we are so cynical . 
  perhaps we 're just well adjusted through out negativity ? 
  because our teeth are n't that bad for normal people , only americans who have warped perceptions on what colour teeth should be ( hint : should n't be whiter than your eyes ) . 
  our teeth are functional rather than aesthetic primarily  in fact they are healthier on average than americans teeth , and the oecd found that brits on average have a whole extra tooth compared to americans, 
  generations of inbreeding 2 . 
  imagine you pressed the random button in oblivion and set the hair colour to ginger . 
  brits like to complain . 
  i suppose it 's because they find comfort in finding other people hate everything and are as cynical as they are . 
  idk 5 . 
  removing performance based grammar schools and tony blair 's education reforms, 
  there are lots of british people that look like you clicked the random button in oblivion and ended up with that odd trollish looking malformed man . 
  i know exactly what you mean . 
  thats how dumb they are, 
  i see , maybe it 's not staying constant then . 
  that 's not even that bad . 
  in the uk one of our providers already allows free roaming to many countries ( including some european ones like france , spain , italy ) and there is a fair use time limit cap on that too . 
  it 's intended for holidayers and not for avoiding more expensive contracts on the continent , so they say to keep it under a month ( though you are only likely to get blocked if you really abuse it , i roamed 10gb in spain with no consequences ), 
  the camp has been starting around constant size , meaning many are making it through . 
  actions speak louder than words , i agree - that 's my point . 
  the uk invested billions in your country to help rebuilt and modernise it . 
  i know it can seem that the uk does n't like you when there are cases where ignorant people do bad things to polish people in the uk , however the vast majority have a positive view on the polish . 
  we respect your work ethics . 
  why do you hope that ? 
  why wish that on an ally that has spent billions on your country and been among those that brought it to its now prosperous state . 
  it would seem , but figures for the services sector indicate they are doing well too . 
  the strengths of a weakened currency are n't felt by services , yet they still saw growth - so i would n't attribute this all to currency devaluation boom . 
  glad to see this . 
  people were raving about successful manufacturing a few days ago , but i was sceptical because the weakened pound helps manufacturing quite a bit and i was afraid that the story would n't be the same for the much more substantial services aspect of our economy . 
  but seeing as there is growth in services too is a relief , and it 's good news . 
  depends who you ask , some say we will call article 50 ( starting a 2 year leave process ) at the end of the year , some say 2017 and some say they will delay it to the point of it never happening . 
  enough of the fucking experts !, 
  the tories are n't very good at getting a good deal . 
  if we look at their legacy set by the hinckley point c nuclear plant , it will go to the highest bidder ... 
  as a brit i 'm ashamed by the quality of media produced by the uk bar the bbc . 
  i 'm going to assume that 's just people being edgy rather than an actual mistrust of the police . 
  should a situation where they need the police arise i assume they would use them in confidence . 
  that depends on your definition of independent , eu laws are binding in spite of what our parliament may have wanted to do . 
  sorry , meant to write english not british . 
  and i meant from the eu . 
  considering that if scotland were an independent nation right now it would have the [ second biggest deficit of any industrialised country ] ( http://www.publicfinance.co.uk/news/2014/04/treasury-independent-scotland-would-have-second-biggest-deficit ) , the scottish looking for independence seem far more stupid than the english looking for independence .
