  that meant i could n't turn it on and off , so when my battery inevitably ran flat i could n't boot up the phone after charging it . 
  for such a minor part failure ( a tiny 1mm button ) it felt stupid to replace the entire phone which i was otherwise happy with , so i bought a replacement button from aliexpress and desoldered the old button cable and soldered the new one on . 
  i think it 's little things like stocking small repair parts like these that can reduce e-waste significantly , and if the consumers do n't want to do the repairs at least it will be easier for repair shops . 
  one youtuber i follow is louis rossmann , he is a legend when it comes to macbook repair , but the rants he goes on about the way apple approach third party repair shows how damaging the industry is . 
  when there are dead macbooks , rather than recycling the boards for working chips , apple shreds them all in industrial shredders , meaning only about 10 % of the raw materials can be recycled with lots of impurities . 
  they do n't allow third party repair shops to use diagnostic tools given to their official repair shops , and their official repair shops are n't allowed to do component level repairs - so even though these diagnostic tools can tell the shop exactly what part is faulty , they ca n't do anything except replace the motherboard . 
  they actively make repair shops jobs harder intentionally for no good reason . 
  with the dell xps series laptops , you are welcome to take the back off , there are no warranty stickers , you can clean out the fans , reapply thermal paste , change ram , ssds or the battery and still be in warranty as long as you do n't break something in the process . 
  infact when you warranty the dell laptops they actually ask you to remove your ssd and ram . 
  so i 'd imagine they will follow a similar policy . 
  this is george osbourne , our ex-chancellor of the exchequer during prime minister 's questions . 
  he seemed to be a little distracted by something . 
  i do n't think people who understand what organic food involves consider organic food environmentally friendly , only the hippy-types that think they are helping with organic food . 
  in reality , the truth of organic food is huge wastage , animals with illnesses left in pain ( if they are sick , administering medication makes them non-organic ) , and deforestation . 
  one example is banana production , the drive for organic fruit means fungicides are not used and fungal diseases like black sigatoka ( or ` leaf streak ' ) wreak havoc in banana growing countries across the world . 
  once there has been an outbreak of black sigatoka , farmers will often have to move their plantation , often destroying a new area of forest to do so , as the previous location is now tainted . 
  in the non-organic production of bananas , fungicides prevent this . 
  old brits complain about literally everything . 
  there 's a reason the press here create winge stories about everything , they are exploiting this attribute of 50-70 year olds . 
  quite jealous . 
  renting in the uk is not a good financial option . 
  letting agencies will fuck you with made up fees and admin expenses for no reason , your landlord will leave you in a damp mouldy flat and not do anything about it , and rent keeps going up excessively . 
  unlike countries like germany or the netherlands where renting is normal and civilised , renters are treated like slot machines by landlords here . 
  but buildings in london are n't for living in , they are towers of money , not housing . 
  people buy them and leave them empty to appreciate in value . 
  relative to house prices or rent would be good too , i 'd be interested to see how poorly the uk does on that one . 
  dictated to by the 51 % , it 's just how it is ... 
  i wish brexit just had n't happened . 
  that 's really lazy ... 
  i did c3 too ( edexcel ) and it was n't nice ... 
  in the queen 's speech the party with sufficient seats ( through a coalition or majority government ) submits a speech for the queen to state what the new government will be doing . 
  this speech 's highlights were regarding brexit . 
  while the queen is supposed to stay politically neutral , i would not be surprised if she subtlety showed her views in a deniable way like this . 
  i sat an a level exam today and yesterday that is fundamental to getting into my university . 
  there were 300 people crammed into a sports hall with no air ventilation . 
  it was so hot in there that my pen was sliding through my hands due to my sweat lubricated hands . 
  it was horrible . 
  yeah i can see that . 
  i see your point , i have many foreign friends but as a young person ( 18 ) most of them have been in the uk for many years already , or almost all their life - so i basically see them as brits and they are fully integrated . 
  but maybe i could consider spain , i would just need to work hard to avoid the british retiree colonies :p, 
  i 'd be able to lather myself in thick factor 80 suncream and not rub it in , walking around covered in white slime and fit in with the other british holiday makers . 
  or i could join the non integrated retired brits in spain , and just rant on about how much i hate immigrants despite being one . 
  both sound like options . 
  appreciate the advice !, 
  yes it was . 
  i agree with letting syrian refugees who claim asylum staying , but these people have proven themselves to not care for our rule of law and order . 
  i can not ever see any of the people in calais being contributing members of society . 
  afaik it 's a hybrid of privatisation and nationalisation . 
  basically the profits have been privatised but the costs nationalised, 
  i really really hope we get a norway type deal . 
  i just want things to be like they were before ... 
  i 'd love to but i really think i 'd struggle to integrate and learn the language . 
  the worst thing i can imagine is moving to a european country and always just being a foreigner . 
  i have family in the netherlands , maybe one day ... 
  royal mail is pretty antiquated , although they do the job required fine ( a-b within a quick time ) , they are only cheap domestically , international postage is expensive . 
  royal mail are n't cheap for parcel delivery , only letters and ` large letters ' . 
  they do n't do tracking by default , whereas the competitors in the private sector like hermes do , even while undercutting them for parcel delivery . 
  they always want to know the exact contents of my parcels , whereas private competitors do n't . 
  it 's a bit nosey , and i do n't like letting some postal service worker know what i have in there incase they decide to steal it . 
  whenever i do international delivery i find a private sector alternative on parcel2go.com and pick whatever is the cheapest generally . 
  i disagree , you probably just were n't looking right . 
  if you try and get something posted to a foreign country through royal mail , you 're going to have a bad time ... 
  it 's always really expensive . 
  but if you use private mail you have a better situation . 
  i use parcel2go.com for anything bigger than a letter ( eg : a parcel ) , to any country . 
  i 've sent stuff to denmark , france , china and the netherlands there . 
  it 's generally the cheapest and you get a range of working days choices . 
  so for a 2kg 30x30x15 parcel , it costs # 7.82 incl vat from uk to germany through parcel2go with economy delivery ( 3-7 days ) . 
  obviously things get a lot more expensive if you want fast delivery . 
  if you use ebay 's global shipping programme - then it is ** slow ** anywhere you send to , but if you organise the post yourself it 's not too bad . 
  when i post things to europe it generally leaves the uk quickly , within 1-3 working days , but then moves * really * slowly when processing by the third party . 
  i suppose the liberal democrats . 
  how did you come to that conclusion ? 
  i feel sympathetic for homeless people . 
  sorry , i 'm having poor memory . 
  i meant the sun - not the daily mail . 
  and the support was for the snp vs conservatives . 
  just one example i can think of is the mess left over at the end . 
  [ here 's a brief article about sellafield ] ( http://www.wired.co.uk/article/sellafield-nuclear-waste-site ) , a place in the uk that processes domestic and foreign nuclear facilities nuclear waste . 
  sellafield is a mishmash of different things , from our nuclear weapons development history , to domestic nuclear power waste decommissioning , to the disassembly of old nuclear power stations mechanical parts . 
  it 's costing us # 1.8 bn a year and is expected to cost ~ # 66bn to decommission . 
  there have been instances where [ whistleblowers have reported poor handling of nuclear waste materials ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/sellafield-cumbria-nuclear-accident-whistleblower-panorama-cumbria-investigation-radioactive-a7226991.html ) , like storing plutonium and uranium in plastic bottles that have started to degrade . 
  other radioactive waste is packed into concrete cubes and kept in warehouses that humans can not enter . 
  these are not long term solutions . 
  fucking english , man ... 
  yeah this is it , the daily mail just sticks with whatever figure or party they perceive to be the status quo or the ` winner ' . 
  it 's like how the daily mail 's scottish branch supported independence whereas the daily mail everywhere else in the uk supported scotland remaining in the uk . 
  that 's a fair point . 
  not so much an insult but rather a criticism of the conservative government . 
  our wages have shrunk 15 % in a decade , almost an equal amount to greece without the financial crisis greece endured . 
  so it 's not absurd to think that a reduction in carbon emissions is due to a reduction in household consumption as a result of less disposable income . 
  that was earlier than the 1990s , so probably did n't have an effect in those figures - but yes thatcher did kill off the coal industry . 
  the logic behind it was that the coal industry was heavily subsidised and thereby an ` inefficient ' business . 
  it was cheaper to import foreign coal than to use our own , so thatcher took away the subsidies in entirety and killed the industry . 
  wait seriously we 've had the biggest reduction ? 
  to be honest that 's probably just because our manufacturing has declined significantly and wages have reduced significantly relative to the cost of living since 1990 - similar to how carbon emissions go down after a financial crisis . 
  in most places , the fire alarms would work ( the people that were awoken in this building were either woken up by neighbours or people screaming ) and flame retardant materials ( like wood , concrete , tiles etc ) would be used , especially in the lobby to prevent fires spreading there . 
  the advice given to most people in high-rise buildings is to stay on your floor , as there are fireproof blocks in-between floors . 
  in this scenario the new cladding on the outside of the building caused the fire to travel between floors . 
  so in reality if a terrorist ran into a typical high rise , poured a load of fuel out and set it alight , then ran out and locked the doors , all they would do is set off the fire alarms and create a fire that would burn itself out .
