  was a bit of hyperbole there , replace that part with `` the harsh attitude towards welfare claimants '' if you wish . 
  he used to run the department of work and pensions . 
  this is the welfare department basically . 
  the conservative party had huge pressure from the public and media to really push against welfare fraud . 
  the polices introduced under iain duncan smith resulted in arbitrary rules , which if not followed got your welfare `` sanctioned '' and redefined many people as `` fit to work '' who were clearly disabled . 
  this resulted in many elderly , disabled and weak people dying and foodbank usage and homelessness skyrocketing . 
  he 's now trying to rebrand himself as his name became toxic . 
  he realises that any possibility of him advancing in the conservative party has been killed off due to the people he killed off , which is why he has gone `` rogue '' and is campaigning for leave . 
  i suppose you are right . 
  this mass automation may not occur soon enough for germany though . 
  that being said , i think automation wo n't work out as we expect it will . 
  it wo n't cause a golden age , it will cause a lot of issues mainly revolving around wealth inequality . 
  ayy we beat france like we do on most of these metrics, 
  it 's not so much to do with the declining population , but the change in demographics . 
  i bet 150 years ago the population was n't primarily old people . 
  it wo n't be a slightly worse economy , it will be a lost generation that have almost all of their money taken away to support the elderly . 
  that or the elderly will live in poverty . 
  japan has the wrong idea , their economy has been in the shitter for a while . 
  germany 's demographics will kill it 10 years earlier than it kills the uk at least . 
  french food is just crammed with butter and delicious unhealthiness . 
  at least italian food is healthy and delicious . 
  greece was n't as simple as that though , sure giving them a wad of cash would have helped alleviate the crisis a little - but that would n't reduce the decades of irresponsible spending . 
  it 's a bit like having a rotten toe for months before seeing the doctor , yeah applying some ointment might help but really you should have been treated as soon as the toe went yellow . 
  my view is that the german government has seen the * very close * disaster for the german welfare system from their aging population and looked for a possible method to boost their working-age population . 
  a quick fix . 
  the problem is that i do n't imagine it will work out how they expected , many of these migrants are poorly educated or hold beliefs incompatible with western societies . 
  these are large issues and i bet lots of people will fall under the radar of attempts to integrate them too . 
  the aging population is a big problem for germany that will arise there about a decade before it will in the uk ( and even in the uk we 've got quite high fertility rates compared to germany ) . 
  they need to tackle this problem quickly . 
  soon their pension and healthcare systems will be getting overwhelmed and a small section of working population will have to support a far larger section of non-working old society . 
  it 's the same sort of problem that is happening now in japan , though that still is n't in full force yet . 
  china has a huuuuuge deficit and a massive amount of debt . 
  the ratio of the amount they are borrowing to the economic growth return is starting to decrease , suggesting they might decide to slow down on this strategy and invest in foreign countries more instead . 
  this turn of events was one of the main reasons china was invited to the uk a while back , the conservatives want foreign investment to prop up their lack of infrastructure spending to help achieve their cutting the deficit motive . 
  they would rather outsource the cost to china 's debt rather than our own :p, 
  this pisses me off so much . 
  the conservative party 's half-arsed attempt at `` free market economics '' fucks us over once again . 
  the steel industry situation is a completely scandal on the government 's part . 
  and these so called `` cheap '' chinese steel is n't . 
  my father works for a uk manufacturing company that makes superconducting magnets for the lhc , fusion reactors and stuff for mri scanners . 
  it needs very high quality steel . 
  the quality of chinese steel is usually poor and can never be guaranteed , they have to spend a lot of money and time screening it for defects to make sure it is what they claim it is . 
  now they have to buy steel from other european countries further away rather than from the uk at higher prices . 
  i 've opted into organ donation in the uk , make sure you do if you want to donat them , as far as i know it 's not set to donate by default . 
  also quite impressed by our live-donation rates . 
  if there 's anything the tories are good at , it 's putting miners out of work . 
  seriously though this is good to hear , 
  i suppose so . 
  however bt 's spectrum is a relatively useless frequency that no one else wanted as it has a tiny effective range and wall penetration amount . 
  i imagine they plan to use it in home-hubs to make each new home-hub a smaller phone mast with a small broadcast range , in this case what they would do would actually be quite innovative and give the customer something that other providers could n't in a good way . 
  imagine how good ( and future proof for 5g ) all of the bt home hubs being set to work as phone masts would be , the pre-existing limitations of mobile spectrum would be reduced significantly . 
  that being said , i think ee is too big already - as you stated they have far too much spectrum . 
  and now they wanted to get the biggest market share and be able to whack up prices like ee did after its acquisition of t-mobile and orange . 
  we used to have five providers , now we have four . 
  three would be stupid . 
  we do n't have a free market , especially in the highly regulated mobile space . 
  just look at how difficult it is for phone providers to install a new mast with all of the planning permissions and ofcoms rules for selling mobile spectrum . 
  it means that no new providers can easily start and as a result the existing competition must be maintained . 
  we used to have five providers , now we have four . 
  is it really clever to go to three providers ? 
  the same thing happened in the uk when we went from five networks to four but on a smaller scale . 
  yes , that does n't mean you should proactively and by-choice grant monopolies though . 
  it generally favours state ownership , there is n't a natural monopoly in mobile telecommunications as demonstrated by the 4 ( and used to be 5 ) independent networks in the uk . 
  why is that an issue though ? 
  bt do n't compete in the mobile space at all yet , so it 's not a conflict of interests/less competition if the takeover goes in place . 
  thank christ for that . 
  soon any sane spaniard will have left . 
  muh soft power, 
  having stable and reliable industry rather than the sort of fake unstable speculative banking and investment growth we have here in the uk pays off . 
  it 's a shame to see people disregard this here , we need some exports not just a services economy for true stability . 
  yeah , one of the major hurdles of the eu 's freedom of movement is the huge wealth gradient . 
  looking at the huge growth in poorer countries that 's definitely a good sign of this improving . 
  i think it was a muslim girls school trip , it was quite literally half . 
  the conservatives want turkey to join too . 
  it seems that for some reason both sides of the uk establishment wants it yet no one in britain or the rest of europe does . 
  it 's rather perplexing , i 'd hate for turkey to join the eu . 
  the conservatives want turkey to join too . 
  it seems that for some reason both sides of the uk establishment wants it yet no one in britain or the rest of europe does . 
  it 's rather perplexing , i 'd hate for turkey to join the eu . 
  you know they 're a troll or a misinformed fox-news american when they describe the opposition as communist . 
  12.5 % , wow , that 's quite a lot . 
  did n't realise it was that high . 
  though recently when i went to thorpe park ( theme park nearish london for non-brits ) i was surprised when half of the people there were burka wearing ( only eyes showing ) muslims . 
  the weathers hot today ( 19c ), 
  because the labour party are in no way anti-semitic , most of the quotes had either been said before the controversy or would have passed without issue a few weeks/months ago . 
  the reason such a big deal was made of it was the current council and london mayor elections . 
  the conservative tactics towards the current labour party has been to paint it as a party of extremists , making their economic policies look extreme left , and portraying the party mps as anti semitic . 
  it 's a pr tactic that has n't worked too well by the look of it . 
  :( i thought london was quite nice except the tacky london eye, 
  is that all you are able to comprehend after reading this article ? 
  i feel sorry for you . 
  really good down in brighton , three have the best coverage here according to those user collated coverage maps . 
  here 's a speed test from the other day : http://i.imgur.com/qvritgq.png not brilliant speeds for 4g because my phone does n't support all the 4g frequencies three use , but i 've seen it go up to 90up/80down on a friend 's iphone . 
  the independent is the definition of clickbait as of 2017 . 
  basically , yeah . 
  another update : a master , auto updating script has been released which should improve on this issue as all the boys will be in sync . 
   england are you actually from the uk ? 
  how do you not know what beans on toast are ? 
  what ? 
  neither did i.
