  sounds to me like a great way to get the uk to leave the eu . 
  uk number 1 !, 
  i 'm surprised at the uk to be honest , i think most people here live far more unhealthy lives compared to the rest of western europe . 
  i aim to form a colony on mars by ... uuh . . hmmm . . 2025 !, 
  i only buy organic , british blood for my transfusions, 
  the wind is n't always pleasant , if you live in a warm country like spain it is pleasant and cools you but in england or other cold countries the wind carries seawater and is constant and harsh so its nice to use one of these . 
  yep , even some sunny ones in some places . 
  most have been covered in pebbles for flood defences ( something to do with preventing the sea eroding the sand or something like that ) so they are terrible for beaches . 
  when you 're a cum lord, 
  uk stronk, 
  i think it 's just an illusion, 
  what is the general view of brits in spain ? 
  i assume the old retirees going there is n't liked much , what do people there think ? 
  makes sense . 
  the uk is measured at the top of `` soft power '' cities on this site , http://softpower30.portland-communications.com/ranking - not really sure why though . 
  probably the bbc or something . 
   sweden lol, 
  yeah normally those pubs are in the parts of greece advertised to english , in more run down areas of spain/greece/wherever normally . 
  if you are nearby a british traditional pub on holiday go somewhere else is what i have discovered . 
  it seems holidays are sold so that people from similar nations stay together in greece/spain , you have beautiful beaches and cities for the germans and run down , packed areas for the brits . 
  shh do n't tell them, 
  at the spanish island of menorca right now , its been raining like mad for the past 3 days . 
  there was hail on saturday evening !, 
  never heard of that before ... 
  housing crisis unfortunately . 
  not enough houses for the amount of people here due to our incompetence ( and many will say immigration too ), 
  i love the netherlands . 
  i always wondered why all the signs were shot up when in crete . 
  did n't know guns were so popular there . 
  well . 
  euros anyway ;p, 
  i think your misunderstanding me , i do n't mean some nutter right winged nationalist or someone controversial like donald trump , jeremy corbyn is nothing like that . 
  of course i 'm against identity politics , but for the majority of people it is a thing . 
  i think most non politically connected people hardly know the difference between left and right and are quite disconnected with politics anyway . 
  i seriously do n't think miliband 's loss was because he was too left , it 's the biggest mistake i think labour members have made to assume that . 
  it was because he was boring , awkward , bad at answering questions and almost every other party seemed better . 
  why do you think any of the other leaders is more relatable to the average person than jeremy corbyn ? 
  i feel that all of the other candidates are boring and fearful of saying the ` wrong ' thing , and so seem uninspired and rather crappy . 
  when i look at all 3 of the other candidates i get flashbacks of ed miliband . 
  most people who did n't vote labour that i talked to after the last election said that they felt ed miliband was n't relatable , was boring and an awkward person . 
  i feel that jeremy on the other hand has principals rather than just taking whatever opinion is most mainstream and trying to just form a populist character . 
  this interview is also another reason , jeremy is the only person who gives an appropriate answer . 
  i 'm voting corbyn because all of the other candidates are awful , uninspired and can not answer a simple question . 
  depends to what extent though , many have claimed that the nhs is a net gain to business because large healthcare costs are just a unnecessary cost to consumers ( where they could spend it on products to drive growth ) and companies having to pay for health insurance adds extra costs for hiring employees ( whereas with the nhs they wo n't have to ) things that can not have true competition , such as water companies ( as there is only one water pipe coming into your house from one entity ) should be socialised in my opinion as businesses always operate for profit which is n't beneficial to customers if there is no competition ( this inflates water prices for example ) . 
  this same logical can somewhat be applied to other things like railways and electricity . 
  of course there will be arguments to how far this applies , but privatisation of public services almost always ends in poorer service . 
  the uk already is , even under the conservative government , quite a socialist country . 
  perhaps not by sweden standards , but the uk has tried and has got used to socialism . 
  i 'm a member of labour and will be voting for corbyn , 
  at this point it would be a surprise if the gchq was n't spying on someone . 
  it 's not patriotism to try to buy products made in your own country ? 
  that 's far more efficient than i expected , looks like a very small price to pay for times when power isnt stable . 
  i 'm sure most countries have spies in every major city in the world, 
  bloody hell , that 's terrifying . 
  i 'm glad i know all there is to know about norwegian culture now, 
  my ( dutch ) dad travelled from england to the usa on a business trip and was in a queue for 3 hours and was questioned by us customs . 
  it 's kind of insane that a economic superpower would be that annoying to business . 
  how efficient is this ? 
  it does n't seem to me that pumping water up into a reservoir and then using hydro dams to convert it back into electricity later would be very efficient . 
  are there any proper alternatives ? 
  do n't let fox news see that picture, 
  i 'm sure russia has spies in every major city in the world . 
  considering how secured and controlled london is , if you are n't safe there you probably are n't any safer in other capital cities . 
  needs more austerity / s, 
  i do n't think any brits want the euro , not in a decade , not ever . 
  i hope you are kidding , the french government are fueling euroscepticism in the uk . 
  who would have thought / r/europe , a subreddit dedicated to european politics would be mostly in favour of the eu !, 
  nonsense , david cameron will be introducing a new human rights constitution with rights increasing based around your tax band . 
  menorca , and i was joking that english tourists are bad compared to other countries tourists . 
  i like being able to enjoy my food rather than some selfish smoker ruining it, 
  i long for the day where chains , furlongs and leagues are back with the glorious imperial system !, 
  yeah , im going to spain soon  too bad we 're english tourists not any other tourist !, 
  nooo then the frenchies would escape their socialist hellhole even easier instead of having to catch the train / s, 
  til that any cars are made in the uk , let alone 793,642, 
  meh the current system running windows 95 is good enough and will be for decades to come . 
  :( `` david , we 're actually doing well at something ! '', 
  `` cut it . 
  get rid of it all . '', 
  netherlands agriculture too stronk . 
  yes !, 
  thank the eurozone for a weak euro because the brits get cheap holidays !, 
  do n't forget tony blair !, 
  uk has good liars . 
  i was expecting an onion video . 
  iirc the rape charges were untrue and dropped , something along those lines . 
  considering how the cuts in 2015 are already hitting some families hard , i do n't think that osbourne will be able to pull off the cuts he has planned . 
  just looking at [ this chart ] ( http://i.imgur.com/o1mdfhs.jpg ) gives it some scale . 
  what 's disappointing is the amount he will try to recover from tax avoidance . 
  there is a huge chunk to recover there and he 's taking a sliver meanwhile the poor and working class foot the bill . 
  does this mean the tech companies that are ridiculously overvalued - like whatsapp and snapchat are included ? 
  because if that is so , i think it could be a bubble, 
  unless you meet a brit, 
  scientific unification can avoid unnecessary conflicts , being with people and to talk and work together towards a shared aim is a great thing . 
  it 's good at keeping people back though if the wind is in the right direction , i remember while watching the kiev riots in ukraine on livestream the rioters burned tires to keep the police away because the wind was blowing towards the police . 
  pretty clever . 
  eli5 why minimum wage ca n't match inflation ? 
  eli5 hormone disrupting hormones and their effects, 
  the uk has awful trains . 
  they should have never been privatised and stayed nationalised . 
  all good questions .
