  if you meet a eurotunnel worker ask them :p, 
  because the regulators broke them up and they are scared of losing their job . 
  the channel tunnel are definitely going to lose a ** lot ** of business from their disgraceful security over the past few months . 
  the employees that strike constantly by burning tires and blocking cars are causing huge delays blocking both the uk and french motorways and causing notable economic challenges by delaying freight needed for companies to operate . 
  i think delivery companies are going to start switching to ferries for trucks instead , and i 'm glad that regulators broke up the company that owned both the ferries and tunnel so they can feel the losses of profit . 
  really , we need some more alternatives because the tunnel was supposed to provide a 30 minute , quick trip between france/england and instead it 's often 6-8 hours because of massive delays , and despite this they leave empty carriages and do n't fill the train in the most efficient way . 
  it 's a sim only deal, 
  bit old , but this might be helpful : http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/nov/03/nsa-surveillance-security `` the primary function of government is to ensure the security of its citizens and to protect them , their property and way of life against threats . 
  an independent scotland will have security arrangements that are proportionate , fit for purpose and reflect a full strategic assessment of scotland 's needs and the threats we may face . '', 
  so an empty response , they would continue most likely as they have no clear view to abolish the spying . 
  however , [ they do want to block snooper 's charter ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/snp/11597756/snp-planning-to-kill-off-snoopers-charter.html ) so i suppose it 's not all doom and gloom . 
  no , it 's not like that of course . 
  i feel it 's rather the opposite way around , the media loves a story about isis as they are very popular , they attract many clicks because people want to know more about them as they are quite unknown of . 
  this instills fear among people , what if they came here ? 
  - and the populist government will try their best to make people feel safer and that they are doing something about it . 
  they will exploit the opportunities present as a result to remove civil liberties and wage wars they wanted to wage anyway . 
  it 's been clear that throughout the entire media bombardment of the past few months that the end-point will be a war there , there is far too much outrage . 
  but just remember this , the government intentionally manipulated and lied about the evidence of weapons of mass destruction , remember david kelly , the man who tried to whistleblow on the government 's lies and was bullied into suicide . 
  you just have to think , why would they need to make false information about weapons of mass destruction if a war were justified ? 
  why do they constantly want an excuse to go to the middle east ? 
  considering how much i use street view , i 'd hate not to have it . 
  three uk , # 10.90 a month ( 15.70 euros ), 
  i was strongly for the eu for a long time , but i 'm starting to have thoughts against it - i 'm still a bit on the fence though . 
  i worry about leaving while the conservatives are in power though due to them wanting to repeal the human rights act , at least the eu has a human rights act and prevent us turning into too much of an authoritarian country . 
  you 'd think a party trying to keep conservative values would believe in a better democracy ( pr rather than fptp ) and keeping civil liberties , but they do n't . 
  yes , a new isis will pop after anyway . 
  if we do nothing at least they wo n't hate the uk as much . 
  of course they seem to be , that 's what the past few months of media bombardment were for . 
  here we fucking go again ... tony blair has pledged to help the us `` destroy '' al-qaeda david cameron has pledged to help the us `` destroy '' isis ' so-called caliphate how about we just gtfo the middle east . 
  at the moment , i can roam to 18 countries free of charge and use up to 20gb of data , 5000 texts and 200 minutes ( the only thing that is limited is my data , i have unlimited lte in the uk but 20gb elsewhere ) . 
  i 'm sure this wo n't be hard for other providers to implement . 
  the government has made a deal with copyright holders to try the 4 letter scheme before anything else , this is where you get sent a letter each time they catch you pirating , with its demands getting more serious as time goes on ... `` please stop '' `` alright , jokes over now , stop '' `` stop . 
  now . '', 
  `` stop now ! 11 !! 1 ! 11 ! '', 
  with no consequence , this is supposed to be their attempts of educating consumers rather than being harsh about it . 
  the thing is , this deal said that if it did n't work the copyright holders would be able to implement something else after these 2 years - its obviously not going to work , so something more annoying and extreme is going to arrive soon . 
  yeah sadly the uk has far wider reaching surveillance than america , i remember in a edward snowden documentary , snowden said that the gchq 's spying powers were something the nsa could only dream of , as the 4th amendment limited what the nsa could do but the gchq had no such constitution preventing them . 
  we just committed to 2 % gdp a few days ago i recall !, 
  yes , i would n't say its a bakery considering most do n't even sell bread anymore . 
  true , theresa seems to be a 1984 parody , but she 's serious about these things . 
  it 's a bit scary . 
  i like this video where he tries to relate to the plebs . 
  which would mean george osbourne or theresa may could stand next , which is a terrifying thought . 
  that granny had probably been through thatcher 's rule and realised what the conservatives can do . 
  he should have technical advisers , he should propose `` what if we banned this encryption thing the terrorists seem to be using ? '', 
  and then they should say back `` no , that 's an impossible and fucking idiotic thing that would destroy the uk tech industry '' followed by him saying `` ok . '' sounds simple enough to me ? 
  it 's not enabled by default , a popup comes up when you first get it installed asking if you want it with a yes or no option . 
  i feel it 's more to give parents with little technical knowledge a good way to block it . 
  there is no mention of pro/anti net neutrality in that video . 
  i 'd totally support the uk taking greece as a colony if it meant cheaper holidays . 
  the uk is pretty good at following the rules too though . 
  yeah but it 's real money not [ glorified arcade tickets ] ( https://i.imgur.com/eji5nw0.jpeg ) so it would be more helpful than euro bailouts , 
   year 2250, 
  this all makes me so proud . 
  same, 
  that 's shocking . 
  yeah , i 've heard that it is damaging to the environment . 
  this seems like a bad idea . 
  graffiti has an interesting history that dates back to people in their teenage years . 
  it involves being edgy and fighting the system by tagging stuff with a meaningless drawing and making stuff look like shit . 
  it involves rebellion against art because it looks like shit and has no artistic value . 
  educate yourselves about vandalism . 
  i did n't realise it was recycled so much , i suppose that is good . 
  maybe a lot of it 's co2 footprint is from that fact that it takes a lot of energy to melt down , transport etc. 
  farage was flying a plane with a ukip promotion banner on it , then for whatever reason crashed it . 
  now he uses this event to show how he loves the nhs because otherwise he would be in bad shape . 
  to be fair the netherlands is pretty nice, 
  do n't worry , the conservatives are working on destroying it . 
  not only have they [ threatened it during the election for negative coverage ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/media/2015/may/13/tory-officials-threatened-bbc-miliband-tom-baldwin-licence-fee ) but they have just [ made a # 650 million funding gap ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/bbc/11721271/bbc-will-bear-650m-cost-of-free-tv-licences-for-over-75s.html ) . 
  i do n't see the bbc being as great over the coming years if it wants to stay unbiased . 
  thank you fence !, 
  i 'm failing to see your point ? 
  it 's a problem for the french and english and we need to work together to resolve it . 
  it 's also primarily the illegal work point . 
  and england is very easy to disappear in compared to other european countries . 
  what is it for if not this ? 
  sitting there doing nothing ? 
  it 's clear the french police are overwhelmed ( i 'm sure you have seen the videos ) i 'm not proposing they go in shooting them all , just making sure no one enters the secure area ( and arresting those who do ) and keeping people out of the trucks . 
  i ca n't see it working well due to potential to abuse , but it has some good arguments for it . 
  it gives people something to fall back on , meaning they can take bigger risks which may have bigger rewards in business choices without the risk of falling into poverty . 
  they will have more money to establish new businesses rather than just survive with welfare . 
  and as long as progressive taxation would be used , it would n't matter if richer people were given the basic income too . 
  the channel tunnel situation has become a crisis , i took it yesterday ( i was on the side with the cars , not the trucks , so i did n't see the full extent ) but there were migrants running across the 6 lane highways leading to it and videos have come of them running across the actual train tracks . 
  this is n't just a threat to security ( breaching into secure areas without going through security & passport checks ) but also to the uk ( and french , though they do n't seem to care ) economy - all these delays result in hours of waiting , freight is put at the back of this queue compared to passengers which are put ahead - this is harmful to companies that need their freight deliveries to function . 
  it 's been said it costs the uk # 250 million a day for the delays . 
  so the delays from the eurotunnel worker strikes in france and the migrant crisis will have probably hurt our economy by billions . 
  i think it 's time to send in the military and get the truck side under control . 
  it 's not going to be resolved otherwise . 
  did i mention that the uk motorway was blocked for 32 miles a few days ago due to `` technical difficulties '' ( hundreds of immigrants stormed into the tunnel ) as no traffic could get through . 
  my train to france was 6 hours late and the train from france was 5 hours late . 
  unacceptable really . 
  the migrants trying to get into england usually have family members in the uk already that they are trying to get to , and rather than get in the uk in a legitimate way , they try to illegally . 
  although it seems a lot , the economic illegal immigrants trying to get to the uk represent a fraction of those who have settled down in other european countries like belgium , the netherlands , germany and france . 
  not only this , illegal work is far easier to get in the uk than other european countries - i ca n't provide a source for this though . 
  the process for claiming asylum is faster in the uk than in france . 
  also , who would want to live with the french ? 
  i imagine they are trying to * escape * . 
  it explains why they have to claim asylum when they leave france !, 
  i 'm getting a bit tired of this now , stop please uk , thanks . 
  i heard that the strikes by french workers are hurting the economy by # 250 million a day .
