  that being said , from the times i 've been in the netherlands i 've seen what shit deals they have there . 
  i ca n't see how anyone could get by with a 750mb contract but that seems to be what they survive on . 
  i did a speedtest on a # 10 4gb contract from three and got 100mbps walking down the street the other day , how is that poor in any way ? 
  i used to have a # 10.90 unlimited 4g plan but lost that after my provider kicked me off it . 
  they do . 
  anyway , the uk hardly has a good track record of infrastructure spending . 
  every time we want to spend a few bn people will whine for so long that the project is now outdated and over budget . 
  take high speed rail for an example . 
  current phone providers are doing a find job . 
  okay , but even then there are way better payg deals . 
  it 's still ridiculous . 
  they 're just trying to catch you out . 
  to be honest i 'd switch on principle because they are scamming you . 
  # 6 a month for 1gb is n't really that great anyway , certainly not a loyalty offer . 
  i pay # 10 a month for 4gb/500mins/5000texts from id mobile ( owned by carphone warehouse , they rent three 's network ) . 
  i 'd recommend checking out the uswitch sim only comparison site . 
  switch from ee , that 's a dreadful deal . 
  go to three 's 1,2,3 pay as you go plan . 
  i ca n't imagine any contract would charge # 4/gb though , let alone mb . 
  from wikipedia :  gross value added ( gva ) is the measure of the value of goods and services produced in an area , industry or sector of an economy , in economics . 
  in national accounts gva is output minus intermediate consumption ; it is a balancing item of the national accounts ' production account . 
  my personal gut feeling is that this is to do with the uk 's trade deficit . 
  we 're consuming more than we 're producing . 
  the reason eastern europe seems to be so red is probably because they are actually developing , businesses are setting up so they are buying lots of things from other countries . 
  for example complex machines from germany . 
  no provider charges # 4 per mb . 
  i disagree . 
  the current model works perfectly , data prices are affordable and the state does n't need to do it . 
  you ca n't expect the state to sell smartphones , really ? 
  yeah , china wants its own powerful empire , and they 've realised economically is the best way to do that . 
  they definitely do n't use that much idle unless you have every app set to sync regularly . 
  there 's a low supply because of the laws of physics . 
  governments will only sell phone providers a certain subset of the electromagnetic spectrum that is appropriate for mobile signals . 
  they must all purchase their own sections of mobile spectrum for the government . 
  if a phone provider does n't fork out the billions it costs for enough mobile spectrum , or another provider buys too much , and they end up getting too little then users will have extremely slow internet on their phones . 
  mobile spectrum is the set of frequencies that data is transferred to/from the phone mast in , they must be specific to each phone provider as interference can not occur . 
  just an example , in the uk band 20 4g was freed up from turning off old analogue tv signals . 
  soon fm signals will be turned off too in exchange for dab and that em spectrum will likely be sold to phone providers too for more bandwidth capacity . 
  ( this is speaking for the uk anyway ), 
  you 're wrong . 
  lol, 
  it was approaching being solved anyway . 
  mobile providers realised that people are just turning on aeroplane mode and loosing lots of potential tourist money as a a result . 
  three in the uk introduced feel at home , where you can roam for free and use your existing data plan in countries like france , the usa , spain , italy , israel , hong kong and more . 
  i think that eventually the phone companies would have gotten their act together and sorted it out . 
  that being said , good on the eu for forcing them all along . 
  poles are very right wing and anti-gay , as a gay man the prospect of many eastern europeans or turks coming t the uk is a bit worrying . 
  actually yeah . 
  i 'd hate for lots of turks to come to britain . 
  as a gay man i find that possibility scary , as do i find many eastern europeans coming here scary too . 
  your countries have different cultural views on my lifestyle that i do n't need in my life . 
  they have also taken over various vietnamese islands . 
  they had a dam over one of vietnam 's rivers and cut the water off , causing less water in certain provinces . 
  the data is non identifiable and anonymous . 
  here 's an example of a private us healthcare company doing the same , but with some identifiable information ( zip code ) http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2013-08-08/your-medical-records-are-for-sale, 
  downvoted for the misleading title . 
  the nhs and other health services have sold anonymised general data for a long time . 
  the data can be helpful , not just for private companies , but for research projects . 
  since it has data that ca n't identify any individuals - i do n't see the problem . . 
  yeah same here , the reality is that in western companies most of the time they 're struggling to find employees . 
  the company my dad works for had to import some polish because they could n't find what they needed in the uk . 
  unaffordable spending spree ? 
  corbyn 's labour 's most radical proposition so far has been to make a state investment bank that uses the money from the quantitative easing programme to invest in infrastructure projects . 
  the infrastructure is falling behind significantly in the uk so i think this would be a worthwhile investment to make . 
  the other things are n't too outrageous too , free university for example is practised by germany and many other european countries . 
  labour managed to maintain a budget surplus before the crisis anyway , and they spent more money post-crisis - which is a standard practise across the world . 
  unfortunately our current government has been making cuts that are a false economy and cost us more than they save in many cases . 
  george osbourne failed his target for cutting the deficit completely by 2015 and it 's looking like he will miss it for 2019/20 too . 
  austerity has had it 's turn , now lets try something else because it 's not working . 
  it 's not just that . 
  we used to have a huge proportion of our housing state built ( social/council housing ) but new labour and the conservatives opposed this and got rid of it because it opposes their ideologies of a small state - they thought the private sector would fill the gaps but it did n't , even after deregulating the market somewhat . 
  [ here 's a graph of the proportions of houses built . 
  ] ( http://www.economicshelp.org/wp-content/uploads/blog-uploads/2013/03/screen-shot-2013-03-21-at-10.05.57-500x344.png ) you can see that the numbers have reduced significantly despite the ever rising migration rate . 
  that combined with the chinese property free-for-all means the average briton is being priced out of ever owning a home , and rents are going sky-high . 
  no , the nhs requires no id at all . 
  you can just turn up even as a foreigner and get healthcare . 
  you do n't need to give the nhs your insurance information as a foreigner either . 
  there might be a few questions if it 's a large expensive operation and you 're clearly an american on holiday though , in that situation you may be required to give insurance information . 
  is that pre or post crisis ? 
  if it was post crisis i bet it 's dropped a lot now anyway . 
  just live in a normal area not a ghetto . 
  there are places just as bad in the uk and france too . 
  is that actually in france ? 
  wow, 
  the cost of living has skyrocketed due to the housing crisis , and afaik ppp per capita takes this into account . 
  it 's only going to drop more . 
  a polish person i knew who got minimum wage moved back to poland recently because almost all their money went to rent , they got more for their lower wage living in poland ( i 'm sure the societal/social factors played a part too , it 's always preferable to live where you grew up ) it 's partly why the anti eu migration sentiment is so high here recently , peoples wages are being devalued due to an abundance of low skill labour , but extra demand to the already insufficient housing supply is driving rents and housing costs up exponentially . 
  the food prices in the uk are actually very good , i was shocked at how * expensive * everything is in the netherlands and in france . 
  it 's likely because at the moment there is fierce competition in the supermarket sector , aldi and lidl are trying to enter the british market properly so are getting hyper competitive and it 's forcing all our existing supermarkets to be very competitive too as they want to keep customers from switching . 
  lots of things come out of boris ' mouth probably to his disadvantage . 
  he is the ` fool ' ( among others ) of british politics . 
  saying `` sleazy '' should n't really be counted as true criticism , if he went on a rant for a few sentences that might mean a bit more , but boris says a lot . 
  yeah i 've always thought that corporstion tax is ideologically unfair for small businesses for the reasons you stated , but also that these multinationals can afford to run their profits offshore and avoid most of it - but small businesses will never be able to . 
  when countries have high corporation tax there is usually a correlation between their lack of start up companies for example . 
  i saw on this subreddit about half a year ago that the uk has the most start ups per capita in europe . 
  he did ? 
  russian tourists have been some of the worst and most selfish i 've been on holiday with . 
  they are incredibly rude , do n't understand the concept of queuing and in a all-inclusive buffet they will take huge amounts ( sometimes all ) of a food even if you are behind them in a queue . 
  they will push you if you 're slightly in their way . 
  of course i ca n't say this speaks for the average russian as only the spoiled oligarchs in russia can afford to go on holiday .
