  when will the `` efficiency savings '' meme from the conservatives end ? 
  i 'm not a climate change denier , but it 's foolish to attribute this to climate change . 
  when there are record cold temperatures it could be said that climate change is false using the same logic which is incorrect . 
  there have always been temperature swings , global warming will be responsible for an overall increase in temperature , which may result in more frequent temperature fluctuations . 
  to say that this sudden deviation in 15c in some places is because of climate change is a bit of a reach however . 
  while watching example 1 i just felt bad , you get all this well planned out and thoughtful infrastructure and the uk neglects everything . 
  [ you use these memes , but the us imperialists use memes in propoganda , how do you stupid westerners believe jew-memes ] ( https://theintercept.com/2015/05/07/senators-want-blow-isis-water-fancy-memes/ ), 
  the conservatives see the cost of everything but the value of nothing . 
  it 's what the conservatives do * every * time they get in power in the uk , they fail to invest in healthcare , infrastructure , education and ultimately people get tired and vote them out . 
  why they do this , i have no idea . 
  it 's especially disappointing when we have a crippling lack of housing , poor roads , outdated trains and inefficient energy . 
  infact there was a genuine threat that the lights could have gone out this christmas had it been colder and less windy due to a lacking amount of power generation . 
  lots of the cuts are false economies too , where it ends up costing more in the long run . 
  this is an example of this . 
  interesting . 
  i 'd imagine the user agent thing is for tethering detection if that is n't allowed on your data plan . 
  i wonder if my provider ( three uk ) does this . 
  honestly ca n't tell if this is satire or not . 
  too many americans act like this on forums ... 
  yeah , it is a shame about how long they take to build , we need the power generation right now . 
  potentially we 're at risk of outages through christmas ( though we 're probably going to be fine as its not that cold this winter ) . 
  this article is from october and nothing has changed since then to alleviate the problems in the grid : [ national grid has for the first time used `` last resort '' emergency powers to tell companies to reduce their electricity usage in an effort to avoid the risk of blackouts . 
  a spokesman said this measure had never been used before , while the grid has previously said it would `` only be used as a last resort , after all other actions available in the market have been exhausted '' . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/nov/04/national-grid-issues-urgent-call-for-extra-power ), 
  being a tax haven basically . 
  ( and yes , that is coming even from someone in the uk ), 
  its because the tories know the cost of everything but the value of nothing . 
  this was the result of the chinese flooding the market with cheap steel which pushed the steel plant into insolvency . 
  with the rail infrastructure lagging behind in the uk we 're going to need a lot of steel , and obviously it 's beneficial to use steel produced in the uk . 
  but now the money will be spent on chinese steel , and the money will leave the uk economy . 
  the hypocritical thing about this is that the same happened to oil prices and the government has been paying huge subsidies to keep the oil rigs open in case the prices have an upturn so they do n't go out of business . 
  this is why i oppose large amounts of migration . 
  the uk government has proven it is utterly incompetent at building houses , this trend has continued for decades leading to the position we are currently in . 
  at some point the financial burden of the housing crisis will slow economic growth as people will have too little money to spend on the local economy . 
  the rate of migration only increases demand on lower cost housing , but this obviously affects the entire market not just lower cost housing . 
  an extra 400,000 people a year through migration is n't sustainable . 
  you 'd need a ladder to get into your house ... 
  i 'm sorry but have you even been through the eurotunnel recently ? 
  there are regular huge delays because of migrant deaths on the tracks and break ins . 
  i was delayed for over 7 hours on both the english and french side . 
  not only are these people threatening , being able to freely access ports and train infrastructure is a security risk and the delays and inconveniences to transport hurts the french and uk economy . 
  i 'm all for better security there via improved policing/army ( french or uk ) . 
  not because i want a heavily militarised border , but because the videos show how understaffed the current security is . 
  audiobooks mate , 
  on the back of bus tickets there 's a discount . 
  i guess that only really works if you get the bus though ... 
  thus protecting people ( as long as they are not criminals ) . 
  you joke but i do know people that drink 6-8 cups of tea a day . 
  bloody hell , what kind of big macs are you getting ? 
  i pay # 2 for a big mac and medium fries , i could have gotten 6.5 big macs actually . 
  its still a fusion reactor , just not intended to actually generate power and more for research . 
  looks like the netherlands now , thanks, 
  needs more hagelslag, 
  just say your niqab is an item of protest then, 
  britain is definitely not xenophobic . 
  giant liz ' posters will do . 
  ugh shut up and just let us run you as colonies please , it would be better for us all, 
  we know our bread is shit . 
  most people do n't care enough and will just buy the cheapest thing . 
  shh , if they know then they wo n't fall for our bollocks conversation diplomacy . 
  just looked at the guide image , and i 'd agree . 
  it 's conversation diplomacy that seems to have spread more and more commonly into speech , and i 've definitely used them before . 
  i 'd only disagree with quite good , when i say quite good i mean it 's good . 
  that implies that would be a bad thing . 
  are you scared of democracy ? 
  but if we build homes then house prices will decrease so our chinese investors overlords will miss out !, 
  we 're doing great , house prices increased 10 % this year . 
  that homeless man should just think of the low risk investment . 
  this subreddit really circlejerks over ireland , its not the utopia that people on here think it is, 
  i guess you would feel isolated if you came to another country and rejected its culture for your own backwards , conservatives views . 
  eastern european bigots like you are the primary reason i want to leave the european union , with your toxic views threatening my freedoms . 
  i 'm fine with you holding those views at home but when hundreds of thousands of romanian and polish bigots come here and be intolerant i have no respect for that . 
  freedom of movement is not compatible with incompatible cultures . 
  yeah but i 'm referring to everything else , bae 's projects are normally failures . 
  they are the g4s of military contracts . 
  or the large intestine . 
  holds in the soggy shit . 
  yeah - by the way you forgot to write that you have ** never ** seen anyone use it in the uk, 
  i feel bad for greece , it 's getting worse and worse for them . 
  it seems to be a recurring theme , the uk government says they will do something excessive , then there is an outcry so they say `` ok , you win , we 'll not do that '' then just do what they really intended to do so that people think it 's more justified . 
  it 's happened quite a few times and people still seem to fall for it . 
  i think people in britain just generally have an extreme sense of political cynicism - yeah that law was going to be awful but at least its not as bad as what it was . 
  that 's a nice gesture . 
  bae caught me giving them excessive amounts of government money despite continually failing to meet targets for cost , time and generally underdelivering < 3, 
  we do n't use fahrenheit ( i 've seen more people in the netherlands using it ) , only old people use yards and inches , but people still measure height in feet ( because 6 foot 2 sounds better than 188cm ) . 
  yards are also pretty much irrelevant , i do n't even know how long a yard is . 
  if someone told me to walk 200 yards i could only guess whereas if they said 200 metres i 'd be much closer . 
  as for the mm/dd/yyyy - we do n't do that , the us does . 
  we use dd/mm/yyyy, 
  extra 40c to get without a carbonated drink ? 
  weird . 
  pretty sure that they have revoked it . 
  and it did n't work every time . 
  it was just when you asked for the tap water and to save time they rung it up as a meal rather than a voucher as the student union deal only applies to meals . 
  i do n't know if this is the case for the whole of the uk but where i live there are vouchers on the back of bus tickets for a big mac and medium fries for # 2 . 
  for a while i used this and asked for a free water , they wrote that up as a meal on the cash machine . 
  then i used my student id to get a free extra burger ( one of the benefits of a student union card is a free extra burger with meals ) to get 2 big macs and medium fries for # 2, 
  if it has plumbing and power that 's a studio flat mate, 
  apparently it was just a transformer going wrong , and also the plant has been without fuel for the past year . 
  you forgot the uk 's coop [ store ] ( https://i.imgur.com/1awoyjw.jpg ) [ logo ] ( https://i.imgur.com/gtayj22.gif ),
