  seems like they would n't care enough to report on it . 
  did n't you hear ? 
  red , white and blue !, 
  * on an exceptionally clear day in specific areas, 
  because it 's exceeded absurdity . 
  more and more people like myself who used to be very leftist in the last year have woken up to realise it 's just not going to work . 
  well you as an individual can refuse to take in your neighbours stuff . 
  as for breakage , if the parcel has survived the postal service there is little you can do in a house to break it . 
  it will always be packaged safely , and any damage would be attributed to the delivery company , not you . 
  well it 's a serious crime to interfere with someone 's post . 
  there are ways to organise deliveries where they can not give them to a neighbour , like signed for deliveries . 
  ultimately if my neighbour nicks my amazon parcel , which is n't going to happen , amazon will send out another . 
  nope , it 's pretty normal to have your neighbour take in your parcels . 
  well it 's certainly an improvement as i 'm male !, 
  i 've never heard that stereotype ? 
  i 've just head that all british people are ugly , not that men/women thing you describe ... 
  i thought the uk 's one was quite accurate except the 2017 point . 
  i thought the uk 's one was good, 
  it is , but you are not considering the longer term costs . 
  i 'm not anti nuclear per se , but there are many issues with the storage of nuclear waste that we have not worked out . 
  [ this article ] ( http://www.wired.co.uk/article/inside-sellafield-nuclear-waste-decommissioning ) on sellafield , uk - the place the uk 's ( as well as many other nations ) have their nuclear waste processed . 
  22 % now , 
  or more likely they have lots of industry , we all buy the products they make across europe however it 's likely that the emissions are recorded as being produced by `` germany '' . 
  it 's like how china is such an awful polluter , but that 's creating all the consumer goods people across the world buy . 
  it 's easy to blame a few countries but we 're all driving this pollution . 
  or more likely they have lots of industry , we all buy the products they make across europe however it 's likely that the emissions are recorded as being produced by `` germany '' . 
  it 's like how china is such an awful polluter , but that 's creating all the consumer goods people across the world buy . 
  it 's easy to blame a few countries but we 're all driving this pollution . 
  it 's bollocks , they are pain au chocolat ( e ) here . 
  data is n't that expensive though if you buy your phone outright and use sim only deals . 
  it 's good to change a sim-only contract every 3-12 months depending on current deals , often providers do exceptional deals for short amounts of time ( but you can stay on them for a long time before they kick you off ) . 
  just an example i had three 's unlimited 4g plan for # 10.90 , they ended that and kicked me off so now i 'm on id mobile ( runs on three 's network ) with 6gb for # 10 . 
  it seems the current going rate is 4gb for # 10 by quite a few providers , just a few weeks ago some were doing 5gb for # 10 . 
  it varies . 
  shop around more , uswitch sim only comparisons are a good place to use for comparisons . 
  yeah , what about `` developing '' countries that are actually regressing ? 
  i would n't call syria a developing country at the moment ... 
  that 's true . 
  really ? 
  that 's odd . 
  any reason why not ? 
  was it seen as unfeasible ? 
  i suppose the idea of moving a huge structure that probably weighs hundreds or thousands of tonnes is a little difficult . 
  my father ( working for a uk company ) made the nbti planar coil magnets in the wendelstein 7-x , ama , 
  yeah , the thing is that it needs to be really bloody cold so it 's not cheap !, 
  my father says he makes the magnets with nbti , he says he made the `` planar '' coils in the wendelstein 7-x . 
  while he does n't know about the current in the plasma , he says this about the superconducting coils : basically you need to apply a current to start the magnet , but once superconducting the resistance is zero as this is how superconductivity works , ( well actually there is a small amount at the superconducting joints ) , this means that the current in the magnets only depreciates slowly . 
  this means that about once a year or so , you will need to trim the current by adding a small top-up , but apart from that due to the superconductivity you do n't actually need to add any current . 
  as such , the article is accurate , if there were a interruption of current it would only make a tiny difference if this trimming process were occuring , and this could just be postponed until later . 
  my father worked on creating many of the superconducting magnets used to control the plasma , he 's really happy to hear it 's working as intended . 
  it 's fantastic to see what a united europe can achieve together . 
  do you want any idiot in silicon valley or the government or at your bank being able to see where you went , where you bought stuff , what you bought ? 
  it seems like a violation of privacy ? 
   3p coin why did that ever exist ?!, 
  it was 1 mandatory foreign language when i was in school 2 years ago . 
  many schools do n't make that mandatory though . 
  the teaching was awful and i came out basically learning nothing . 
  i think the implication of this is politically toxic right now . 
  the figures that just came out for migration to the uk are insane for a country this small already struggling with crippled infrastructure from austerity measures of cameron 's government . 
  the housing crisis is going to turn many young people to right wing populism , i 'm seeing lots of my friends in brighton ( perhaps the most liberal city in the uk ) turn towards the right and honestly i do n't blame them at all with the housing crisis being exasperated by net migration . 
  there 's a limit , a plant needs sunlight , co2 and water to photosynthesise . 
  if there is an abundance of just one of those things yet not enough of others then that wo n't help . 
  the earth has gotten more green and vegetated over the last few decades as co2 concentration is increasing , however this is not a significant enough change to offset the amount we are producing . 
  the thing about britain is that there is an embarrassingly large divide in society compared to most other european countries , class and education wise . 
  there is a mid to well educated upper/middle/working class and then a sub-class of the working class that has no hope . 
  year on year working class white boys have seen continually worsening grades and performance in schools , there seems to have become a culture in certain communities of disregard for education and it 's a perpetually worsening scenario for those lost families . 
  the on the flip side there is the eton-educated upper class , that can afford best in class education . 
  the amount of divide in british society is unlike any other european country i think . 
  i agree , but just not in this instance . 
  i fail to see how grey concrete covered in pollution and rust streaks is in any way attractive ever , for the same reason commie blocks of russia will never be seen as attractive . 
  yeah i agree , the housing crisis in britain is a complete disaster and embarrassment at the moment . 
  i 'd love to see this concrete disaster of buildings disappear in my lifetime , what happened to simple brick buildings ? 
  it does n't need to be beautiful , just not * horrible * . 
  i live in brighton , have you tried franco manca ( also in brighton ) . 
  i really enjoyed it . 
  lots of people say after vip it has been one of their favourite pizzas they have had in the uk . 
  they are really well priced too . 
  i think that 's the thing about british food . 
  we have had a renaissance in food culture recently however it 's usually quite expensive to get that sort of good/varied food . 
  i think people are slowly becoming more adventurous here so hopefully it will stop being an expensive niche thing . 
  ever been to the usa ? 
  border controls in anglo countries are a joke . 
  my dad was on a business trip to the usa and wasted 3 hours in tsa , he 's a dutch national that 's lived in the uk for half his life ... 
  sorry you had to go through that . 
  my dutch family member works in insurance , apparently there was a large hailstorm a while back and it was n't good . 
  2000 euros ? 
  it costs # 12 to create a private limited company in the uk and it takes just 24 hours . 
  you mean dead ones on the floor nearby them ? 
  or just flying in the vicinity ? 
  i suppose lots of our intelligence must be artificial if we voted for brexit, 
  it 's not as black and white as that . 
  my father works for a uk based company that produces superconducting magnets and machinery used for mri scanners , proton beam therapy , magnets for the large hadron collider and fusion reactors - high tech stuff . 
  recently the uk 's only steel plant in wales closed due to chinese dumped steel making the steel uncompetitive . 
  they tried to source some chinese steel , and bought some high end steel as their products require a specific specification of high-grade steel . 
  what arrived was nothing like the specification , they had essentially diluted the steel with cheaper metals which meant that it had completely unknown propeties for strength and melting points . 
  the fact is , if they sourced chinese steel regularly they would have to painstakingly test the properties of every piece of steel which is unfeasible and expensive . 
  now they source steel from other european factories for slightly more money , but the steel is consistent . 
  it 's important these factories do n't fail though because of the shit chinese steel . 
  my father works for a uk based company that produces superconducting magnets and machinery used for mri scanners , proton beam therapy , magnets for the large hadron collider and fusion reactors - high tech stuff . 
  recently the uk 's only steel plant in wales closed due to chinese dumped steel making the steel uncompetitive .
