  i love france and loads of people here go on holiday there . 
  do n't take it seriously . 
  it 's just to pander to those people who feel they work hard and everyone else on benefits is a dirty scrounger . 
  it 's not like current tory policies are focused around something intended to actually work , just sound good and appeal to people so they can be reelected . 
  it 's scary how many policies are like this , for example their new deficit law . 
  they are criminalising a government running on a deficit despite most countries doing so , its simply so when the next government overturns that law they can say `` hurr , labour continuing their dangerous path of deficit , they even removed x law intended to safeguard our economy '' and spin it for political gain . 
  because we 're fat, 
  just playing devils advocate , but how do we protect this from abuse . 
  ex : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-32782153, 
  thanks for the explanation , i 'm also sure the dutch eu bill would increase a lot of we left too . 
  i did n't know that we were often agreeing on many eu issues . 
  its dutch not danish , 
  every country jumps from right to left and vice versa , the dutch are mostly progressive - they may digress but even still they are socially more progressive than places like the uk . 
  i 'm surprised by people considering the dutch rude , but i suppose the same could be said about most countries too . 
  i 'm not sure of the logistics of it , but they would have to get contracts in ireland instead . 
  i believe it is something to do with how contracts are awarded to companies . 
  because france, 
  i vote the netherlands , they are like a progressive and friendly version of the uk . 
  i steal all of the hagelslag when i go and get funny looks from the person at the till when i come with 6 boxes of hagelslag . 
  i also love stroopwaffel and am eating some dutch apple cake now . 
  i love dutch food its so expensive on uk amazon :( http://www.amazon.co.uk/de-ruijter-chocolate-sprinkles-chocoladehagel/dp/b0043p3ge0, 
  i know the owner of a uk based company that has many contracts with cern for the large hadron collider . 
  leaving the eu would be devastating to them and they would have to move to ireland to continue these contracts . 
  that 's an example of how it would hurt england if we left . 
  this same company is leading the development of superconducting magnets used in fusion reactors , due to the expertise they have from making these for the large hadron collider . 
  they have the potential to make a ton of money and this would be very much limited by leaving the eu . 
  it would be foolish . 
  why is that ? 
  is the netherlands quite dependent on the uk being in the eu ? 
  i mean , my bacon always comes from the netherlands but other than that i dunno . 
  but it seems to be dealing with itself , lots are leaving are n't they ? 
   brits holding in their stomachs to appear thinner , women 23 % , men 13 % sounds right to me :(, 
  i read this three times and still do n't understand your point, 
  when i go to the netherlands to meet the dutch side of my family i have to do this shit . 
  after growing up in the uk its fucking alien and really weird , grandma , i do n't want to kiss you . 
  yeah sounds like virgin media to me , in most cities you get to chose between bt infinity ( and resellers of bt connections ) or virgin media . 
  bt having very good upload at the cost of a tiny bit of download speed and virgin having great downloads at the cost of having a bit crappy upload speeds . 
  i 'm pretty sure most cities have virgin media coverage which is 152mbps, 
  that 's adsl , very outdated . 
  we have fiber in most places now in cities , although not world class it 's not unusual for people to get up to 152mbps from virgin media . 
  it 's really not - if you can get anywhere with bt infinity or virgin media you are set, 
  why ? 
  except the ` joke ' is unrelated to the thread and has been argued many times legitimately . 
  it 's not really a joke which is why people did n't find it funny . 
  he ca n't have been very radicalized if they could n't find a reason to get rid of him , surely he would have done something that is a fireable offence ? 
  ah i see , i do n't see a reason not to have some us missiles considering our relationship . 
  do you really think that the same government that has waged a war on the working class , the disabled and any form of public nationalised service will be able to improve people 's quality of life with the only thing suppressing them from these actions being gone ? 
  we do , we have some nuclear submarines bobbing around the ocean . 
  no , it really does n't . 
  why is that ? 
  other european countries have people leaving to isis too , and how do you think that these people immigrated here , likely through the european union - meaning they could be anywhere in the eu . 
  i 'm not anti europe ( actually pro ) , but your argument is invalid as everywhere in the eu has the exact same potential for this to occur . 
  what we 've seen is murdoch and many other newspapers that are pro-conservative go on about the evils of the european union and immigrants as they are easy scapegoats . 
  this caused many working class people to vote for ukip rather than labour as they traditionally would ( these people are often unlikely to vote for the conservatives ) . 
  this split the labour vote enough for them to lose by a few percent in many constituencies to the conservatives , enough times for the conservatives to gain many seats . 
  the right were very careful and clever with their actions this time around , for example david cameron insisted the green party be in the political party leaders debate to try to split the left vote ( and it worked again , the greens got the highest votes they have ever gotten at the expense of the labour party ) . 
  the tories responded to this immigrant and eu scapegoating in the past by promising to `` minimise immigration '' , but obviously this is impossible while in the eu . 
  people who are anti-immigration have only wised up to that enough recently for the conservatives to be forced to promise an eu referendum . 
  now , what is interesting is that i hugely doubt that murdoch and other newspapers will * actually * want to leave the european union , they just wanted people to vote for the conservatives . 
  i imagine they will do a u-turn and the referendum will result in the uk staying in the eu . 
  through civil rights crushing surveillance on every citizen of the uk, 
  36 % of us did , less if you count non voters too . 
  of course not , but your point was that the hatred came from anger at their own lives and then you are angry at other groups . 
  says the person who posts in / r/fatpeoplehate - sounds like you are being pretty hypocritical to me . 
  not sure why you brought the romanian bollocks into it , but i really think that this is a result of government actions rather than local council changes/failures . 
  the job center is being even more harsh on people and benefit sanctions are very easy to get now , it can cause a downward spiral having the benefits sanctioned once . 
  not to mention government failings to even record how many homeless people there are ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-31108799 ), 
  it 's not known . 
  many people who are homeless are counted as accomodated because the government does n't record it properly . 
  ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-31108799 ) there was a bbc documentary too , which is shocking . 
  so poverty and homelessness as well as food bank use has gone up for absolutely no reason then ? 
  the tory government is horribly harsh on benefit payments , if you miss one appointment at the job centre you can have benefits sanctioned for a couple of months . 
  its very hard to keep yourself in a house if the payments stop , it 's basically a downward spiral from there . 
  have you seen the tory government do anything to solve the housing crisis ? 
  we 're building less houses than we were before the housing crisis begun and completely missing the amount we need to build . 
  to claim it is n't self interest would be foolish . 
  house prices have grown exponentially over the last ~ 20 years , what my parents purchased at # 50k is worth # 600k now . 
  sanctions on benefits , being complacent in the housing crisis for their own benifit, 
  it 's a bit disgraceful that you associate a fire with terrorism . 
  it 's like witch hunting in the middle ages . . bad crop harvests ? 
  bloody jihadists . 
  implying euros are even money and not monopoly cash . 
  homelessness is a fucking disgrace in england . 
  the fact that we can leave people , even under 18s , with mental conditions and job difficulties on the streets to fend for themselves is disgraceful . 
  this government 's actions are shocking . 
  the more i read about this the more appreciative that i have a roof over my head , and food , and a good standard of living - many have nothing , and the government [ is n't even recording homelessness properly ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-31108799 ) . 
  how can we solve an issue if homelessness is supposedly `` decreasing '' when it is not . 
  yes , but we did better at eurovision which is more important also fuck you netherlands stop being so much better than us . 
  i believe that the change for gay marriage required a constitutional change , whereas other laws do not . 
  not an anti freedom of movement person here , just playing devils advocate . 
  why is it fundamental ? 
  i 'm sure countries like france will start to dislike it too as they are having high migration - at some point french eurosceptic groups will start too ( if not already ) . 
  i 'm sure countries like poland dislike freedom of movement due to their investment in education followed by people leaving and the subsequent brain drain . 
  i do n't know anyone that says that when not joking . 
  holland seems better than here , but i 've heard they have a right wing government at the moment that are bring it backwards, 
  there is a direct correlation between acceptance of gay people and hiv rates , and it makes sense . 
  if gay relationships are not accepted , then people are more likely to sleep around in one night stands . 
  if the relationships are more accepted then people are more likely to form proper relationships that last , which of course results in less stds spreading . 
  if russia continues with its stance towards gay people , closet gays will continue to spread the disease between other guys and their cover-up girlfriends . 
  we 've seen hiv rates drop in frequency as gay marriage is legalized in europe ( which of course follows acceptance ) , now we need to see this across the world .
