  it 's a fundamental human right in my opinion . 
  does n't matter if they are fleeing syria or france , either is fine . 
  since every lego brick ever made is still in existance you 'd think we 'd have enough ... well , i guess part of the problem is that i ca n't be bothered to make the sets up to make sure all the pieces are there before i sell them , so do n't bother at all . 
  had n't heard about that but the difference is that the article i posted actually happened whereas you sent me some articles from 2013 where someone said that it should happen , but nothing happened . 
  and yeah , british school canteen food is a bit pathetic but that was n't my point . 
  you were talking about how bigoted the uk was and i replied saying how france can be just as bad . 
  not really a fair comparison ... 
  we might be getting more anti-immigration , for justified economic reasons ( the housing crisis & compressed working class wages ) but at least we do n't pull shit like [ this ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/oct/13/pork-school-dinners-france-secularism-children-religious-intolerance ), 
  when was the last time something significant was censored ? 
  do n't tell me the snowden files or wikileaks as they were internal documents . 
  when was the last time public media was censored ? 
  it 's nothing on the scale of russia . 
  sounds like you are being an even bigger conspiracy theorist . 
  it 's unfortunate to hear russia censoring information but its very rare to hear the usa doing so . 
  i 'd like to see a source on your claim since its quite a large claim . 
  sorry to those europeans . 
  because the british are intelligent enough to know that those are n't going away any time soon , and if a government were to be bad enough to remove human rights the eu would n't stop them . 
  i 'd like it if that happened because it would piss off france, 
  then i am mistaken , but 38 % is still a substantial chunk of people . 
  any decrease in migration will make it a bit easier for me to buy a house one day . 
  you do n't need to completely cut off all migration . 
  that 's a stupid stance , it should be considered on a common sense policy whereby those who are needed are let in and those who just add more low skill labour which there is pleanty of are not . 
  definitely not complicated . 
  in the eu this is n't possible . 
  yes , although no i 've never had a deep fried mars bar . 
  i thought that was more scottish . 
  well the government has already been trying to reduce ( quite heavily ) non-eu migration , but the vast majority comes from eu migration which they have no control over . 
  the current system puts a major disadvantage over non-eu migrants even if they are more suitable than some eu migrants . 
  i will vote to leave solely based on the housing crisis in the uk . 
  if the government can get house building levels up to target in time for the referendum i will vote to stay ( however they wo n't , they are too incompetent ) if we ca n't increase supply then we should decrease demand . 
  lol it 's basically the uk 's national dish . 
  just made differently to op . 
  okay , lets consider the absurd idea that global warming is a myth ... we should still be switching to renewable energy . 
  whether you argue that global warming is a myth or not , you can not deny that oil is a limited resource . 
  it will run out . 
  we should be trying to conserve those finite resources so that future generations can use them too . 
  fossil fuels being burned produce harmful gasses like sulphur dioxide , nitrogen oxide , carbon particulates which contribute to respiratory issues and lung cancer . 
  this includes our cars ( which we just found out are far dirtier than we previously thought ) , power stations , boats , planes etc. 
  perhaps carbon dioxide should n't be considered alone , many other factors contribute to air quality in more localised areas . 
  places in london and paris have been breaching the legally required air pollution levels which are clearly harmful to health . 
  using electric cars in cities would move this air pollution production from dense cities into places like the countryside or smaller cities , where it will have less effect on the population due to being at more manageable levels . 
  the energy can also be made from renewable sources which release no pollution . 
  so even if you think global warming is a myth ( which is a foolish and uninformed stance ) , to do nothing about air and land pollution is stupid as well considering the widespread and increasing cancer rates across the world . 
  why go to the hassle ? 
  surely it would be cheaper in the long run to get leds . 
  they produce as much light and do n't have the annoying delay before they get to full brightness . 
  also my room does n't get boiling hot with the lights on with leds . 
  in the uk you only have to start paying back the student loan once you start earning # 21,000 a year . 
  this is at a very low rate ( ca n't quite remember . 
  but i recall it was something tiny like # 40 a month ) with it slowly increasing with your income . 
  if you never earn enough to pay it back you never do and the debt is written off by the government . 
  they already have the funding situation sorted from the oil . 
  phones4u was n't a phone provider , they resold contracts basically . 
  just a middleman . 
  it 's actually 182 days , someone i know works on a ship for long periods of time ( weeks to months at a time ) and to be able to not have to pay taxes he takes long holidays because that 's cheaper than paying his taxes . 
  funny law , i believe it is to attract more oligarchs to london as a second home . 
  definitely british , i ca n't speak for the other plugs but the cable is at a right angle to the plug , what that means is that if you drop a cable on the floor you have created a threat greater than even a lego brick left out . 
  uh , how are you getting back ? 
  by plane or eurotunnel/ferry ? 
  if by eurotunnel or ferry i really doubt they would ever even know what you took . 
  i 've never been stopped and do n't know anyone who has . 
  an airport of course has a higher standard of searching , but i really doubt that there are many harsh restrictions of food from * france * , perhaps if the food were from a poorer country it would go under more scrutiny though . 
  my mum was forced to learn latin instead of german even though she * really * wanted to learn german . 
  when labour was last in power they made no effort to fix it either . 
  our two parties that have any chance are n't going to solve it . 
  no one has a meaningful plan to build houses to the level we need , we need a housing revolution similar to after ww2 just to keep up with eu migration . 
  the only option for working families that are affected by the housing crisis was brexit . 
  i agree , people are ignoring this aspect too much . 
  government failure since the 80s has led from a housing shortage to a housing crisis . 
  no current or future government has any effective/meaningful plan to reverse the current housing crisis . 
  working class families are seeing their wages eaten up by rent , which is going to the richest buy-to-let landlords . 
  they were given a choice ( from their perspective ) : 1 . 
  keep the status quo and vote to remain , continue to see their wages swallowed up by housing which continues to rise far far faster than wages . 
  [ infact the uk 's workers have seen wage contractions in real terms equivalent to greece ] ( https://anotherangryvoice.blogspot.co.uk/2016/07/the-tory-war-on-british-workers-wages.html ) 2 . 
  defy the establishment which has worked against them for decades already and take the risk , leave the eu and hope that the reduced housing demand might help them eventually . 
  evidently peoples trust in the establishment was too poor to vote to keep the status quo . 
  it 's a result of our own failure but it 's being overlooked too much . 
  48 % did n't . 
  i agree , but consider the position of the poorest of the working class . 
  [ your wages declined in real terms as much as greece ] ( https://anotherangryvoice.blogspot.co.uk/2016/07/the-tory-war-on-british-workers-wages.html ) and house prices are increasing beyond control . 
  more and more of your wages are being eaten up by rent . 
  the government has clearly failed with their housing policy from the 80s onwards , they have directly ignored the issue at hand and allowed this housing issue to grow into a crisis . 
  there is not going to be any change in meaningful housing policy on the horizon , conservative voters would hate house prices to go down ( most are house owners ) and labour have no hopes of getting into power ( and even if they did , they did n't fix the housing situation last time around so why would they this time ) so you are given two choices : 1 . 
  continue as normal , with huge immigration causing even more demand on already scarce housing and putting more stress on the housing market - things will only get worse . 
  ignore the establishment that has failed you for decades and vote to leave the eu , it 's risky but it 's the only option that has any chance of decreasing house prices . 
  that 's why we voted to leave . 
  the downtrodden did n't see remain as a compelling reason to stay due to failure in our own government and as such voted irrationally . 
  firstly , i 'm not pointing the finger at immigration . 
  my finger is being pointed at decades of failed government policy resulting in the huge rise in cost of living we have seen in britain . 
  it 's been clear since the 80s that we needed to ramp up house building , and it 's starting to get really bad now with the housing crisis . 
  working people 's wages are getting swallowed up by ever growing rent . 
  the government ** will not ** do anything meaningful to fix the housing crisis ( building houses ) . 
  if the government will not build houses ( increasing supply ) to ease the housing market , the logical next step is to reduce demand instead - one way is to reduce immigration . 
  people saw this as impossible while in the eu ( rightfully as we had no power over it ) . 
  leaving the eu was caused by decades of failed government policy causing people to vote irrationally . 
  i can sympathise with people that voted for leaving . 
  they were left in a position of 1 . 
  do nothing and carry on suffering or 2 . 
  do something and maybe it will work out positively . 
  i understand , and you are 100 % right .
