  the conservatives will go down in history as the party that made the biggest gamble and lost . 
  this will hurt their brand for decades . 
  holy fuck . 
  so if we ca n't get a government , * who * will negotiate brexit ? 
  the clocks are ticking on our 2 year negotiations and we 're in a position where we may have no government to negotiate with the eu . 
  this is the most economically reckless decision in decades , people will remember the tories as the party that started 2 years of brexit talks with a hung parliament . 
  i 'd love to live in the netherlands one day . 
  by that logic , would you say margaret thatcher was too ? 
  [ she pardoned an ira terrorist and spoke to the ira in secret ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/terrorism-in-the-uk/11062418/thatcher-granted-secret-pardon-to-ira-terrorist.html ) , at least jeremy corbyn was transparent about it and did n't hide it . 
  sorry for being hostile , i read the comment on my phone on 3 % battery and bashed out a response without fully reading it . 
  i 've seen so many people saying these things like they are the gospel today that i could n't even contemplate you were sceptical of the claims . 
  again sorry !, 
  to be honest , i 'm amazed there was n't more in the conservative 's `` war chest '' that / r/unitedkingdom was convinced they were saving for before the election . 
  it was just the same standard stuff we 've already heard for months . 
  yeah , a 9 % tax increase is pretty terrible . 
  the anti-av campaign was honestly awful . 
  # 250 million is really insignificant when you are discussing things as important as how your democracy works . 
  wait , dutch university loans actually let you take the lump sum ? 
  here when you take a tuition loan you never see it , it automatically goes to the university . 
  i suppose that would be a fairer system . 
  unless you mean the loan for living expenses ? 
  why should they not though ? 
  they are still citizens . 
  computer science , 
  yes , you have to earn # 21,000 - but if you expect graduates to earn less than that it 's an insult . 
  plus interest still accumulates on the loan if you earn less than # 21,000 - so if you earn less than # 21,000 for 10 years then suddenly you have accumulated a ** huge ** amount of compound interest . 
  pretty much . 
  the reason for that is surely that germany has more manufacturing and apprenticeships ? 
  you ca n't walk into a factory anymore in the uk and get a decent job with decent pay . 
  in the uk to get a decently job you most likely will need a degree , we do n't have much low-skill labour and while the government is pushing for apprenticeships they are still sub-par . 
  it 's not like university is a cost in the long term either , it 's an investment . 
  not everyone will make it worthwhile , but those that do make a huge difference and will pay lots of tax . 
  when trying to bring two disagreeing parties together around the negotiation table , you must act diplomatically and treat them as equals . 
  if he had not treated both parties as equals they would be reluctant to get a deal , even if he disagrees with the actions of hezbollah . 
  he ca n't exactly say `` hi hezbollah , you have been unacceptable to israel and must stop '' , because this is not how you go about a peace process . 
  he 's parroting tabloid lies . 
  council tax will be removed and replaced with an ~ 0.85 % land value tax if you own one home , or a 3 % land value tax if you own more than one home . 
  the tabloids have been using the 3 % figure for everyone and over inflating the land value . 
  future tuition fees would affect me , as he 's promised it to students starting in september ( me ) . 
  what a selfish stance to take anyway . 
  you wo n't be taxed any more unless you earn more than # 85k . 
  they are introducing a land value tax that will replace council tax . 
  if you own one home it will be just ~ 0.85 % but if you own more it will be 3 % . 
  its intention is stop stop developers hording usable land but not building on it so that they can resell the land at ludicrous prices when people want it . 
  it 's an attempt to increase competition for house building , and i think it 's a good idea . 
  [ this home ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/56_ycl0wmsm ), 
  why ? 
  iirc it was one of the first policies he was going to do . 
  it used to be free , so why not now ? 
  no we do n't . 
  i 've been talking to people this election about their views , and people parrot exactly what the tabloids say . 
  jeremy corbyn is an ira sympathiser , wants to make a garden tax etc. 
  classic brits , we want to pay american taxes for scandinavian services , but end up with american services at scandinavian taxes . 
  yeah my father is from the netherlands so i often go to the netherlands to visit family , one family member is my age and they are baffled by how bad a deal i get compared to them . 
  but the conservatives are advocating for an even harder brexit than labour ? 
  you certainly wo n't get freedom of movement with them . 
  caroline was n't party leader the vast majority of the time the council were cocking stuff up . 
  since 2015 the green council lost its minority and now only has 9 seats , so current council performance is mostly labour and conservative council stuff . 
  yes , as soon as you start university your fees start , as well as interest on those fees . 
  the interest is 3 % + rpi ( retail price index ) . 
  due to the weakened pound and brexit , the rpi has gone quite a bit higher more recently - and is projected to go higher . 
  interest is currently 6.5 % but is projected to be 7.4 % by end of the year . 
  atomicavocado pointed out that you only repay the loan once earning # 21,000 - but that is an insult considering anyone would expect someone with a degree to earn more than that . 
  this figure also is n't increasing with inflation , so i suppose even the most menial jobs will eventually start paying it back - so if you only start paying it back in 10 years time , you have already accumulated 14 years of interest . 
  people make excuses as to why the loan is n't that bad , but if you actually expect to earn a graduates wage , it 's quite bad . 
  i 'm going to uni for computer science and if i leave uni with a job paying the average graduate starting salary for cs ( # 25,000 ) and my wages increase by 4 % per year , i will look at paying around # 125,000 back for my entire loan ( university fees , living expenses and compound interest ) before it 's paid off . 
  well fortunately ( ? ), 
  for kemp town there is no green candidate standing . 
  make sure you vote labour ( that 's if you oppose the tories ) and no one else so you do n't spit the vote  i suppose it was n't ever caroline 's position to criticise the green council though , she 's not party leader and it 's a bit futile to criticise them when you are n't even doing the same job - i find it hard to see why she should be held accountable . 
  everyone has realised this since 2015 , the polling companies have , everyone on social media basically supports labour yet they all know the tories will win . 
  ( i live in hove ) i think caroline lucas has been fantastic at representing brighton as an mp . 
  she has not given up the fight for many local issues like the dire southern rail service . 
  perhaps you are mixing the green mp up with their pretty crap council 's performance ? 
  caroline is doing a great job . 
  unlike some parties that are afraid to represent their constituencies needs if it goes against the party line , she is basically an independent . 
  it 's almost impossible , but * if * it did happen it would definitely be a better outcome for labour than the conservatives . 
  the conservatives have no friends except for ukip ( who wo n't get any seats ) . 
  everyone saw how badly it went for the liberal democrats when they formed a coalition with the conservatives , and no party with make the same mistake . 
  this will be the first election i am able to vote in , i 'm 18 . 
  i will be a student in september , # 37000 lies on this election , or about # 65000 ( $ 74800 ) after the 6.5 % compound interest ( projected 7.4 % by the end of this year due to rises in rpi ) i will accumulate over the years trying to pay back my student loans . 
  and that 's ignoring the additional ~ # 16,000 i expect to take out in living expenses loans . 
  yet as a realist , jeremy corbyn has no chance in winning this election . 
  it 's rather annoying . 
  why not ? 
  what labour have proposed is n't so radical by western/northern european standards . 
  everything in the labour manifesto is costed for , the places the additional tax will come from , the places it will be spent , plus there will be a # 3 billion shortfall fund just incase some policies cost more than projected . 
  comparatively , the conservatives have n't costed their manifesto and shown us how they are going to be able to cut corporation tax further . 
  according to independent analysis the conservatives still have a # 9 billion/year shortfall . 
  many countries have a nationalised railway , and the british system clearly does n't work - our train tickets are the most expensive in europe with some of the worst service . 
  germany , switzerland , the netherlands , sweden , italy , spain and france have a high ( often as high as 80 % ) state ownership in rail companies . 
  preventing cuts for the nhs is easy , there are lots of inefficiencies introduced * because * of the conservatives cuts . 
  for example the conservatives promised to cut bureaucracy and inefficiency , but what it means is that instead of having low-level admins they are getting doctors to complete mundane paperwork , which is an utter waste of money considering their hourly wage . 
  we spend one of the lowest amounts as a percentage of gdp on healthcare in the developed world , if we just matched what france spent on healthcare as a percentage gdp the nhs 's funding issues would go away . 
  corporate and civilian taxes will be able to support it , as is shown in the labour manifesto . 
  stop this revisionist view that extreme austerity , cuts and privatisation are necessary . 
  the nhs was formed after ww2 when the uk was in an * extremely * bad shape , why can we no longer be ambitious ? 
  labour will keep corporation tax rates lower than they were in 2010 . 
  the corporation tax rates will * still * be lower than every other country in the g8 . 
  these businesses are n't going anywhere .
