  i liked the way this article recognised the gentrification caused by these projects , and how poor areas connected by infrastructure projects like crossrail can be transformed . 
  but ultimately , this change is necessary and good for people in the uk . 
  people do n't like to move on , but sometimes you have to . 
  i ca n't see this infrastructure project becoming redundant or a waste of time after brexit , and i expect london to keep growing ( at a slower rate ) . 
  it 's a great way to solve london 's low wage labour shortage and to improve the situation for poor areas of london . 
  from my view , the ultimate way to end the london-uk divide in wealth is to build these infrastructure projects to connect the uk better . 
  there is an expensive high-speed hs2 railway plan and the huge price has made it politically toxic , but the uk has neglected it 's railways for too long . 
  there should be no reason a london investor ca n't visit rural scotland for a meeting and be back home in time for dinner , instead this would be a multiple-day visit in current-day britain . 
  we need better connectivity to even start to address this economic split . 
  why should the uk produce the figure ? 
  if you go to a restaurant , the restaurant does n't ask for you to guess how much the bill is . 
  if the eu says the uk owes money then it should say how much . 
  why should the uk produce the figure ? 
  if you go to a restaurant , the restaurant does n't ask for you to guess how much the bill is . 
  if the eu says the uk owes money then it should say how much . 
  why should the uk produce the figure ? 
  if you go to a restaurant , the restaurant does n't ask for you to guess how much the bill is . 
  if the eu says the uk owes money then it should say how much . 
  i had my dutch family come over recently , they informed me that he 's now rainbow piet , making him a progressive symbol . 
  it 's not a respected newspaper anymore . 
  it might have been years ago but it 's descended to borderline clickbait right wing hysteria . 
  it 's a couple of notches above the daily mail . 
  i 'd be interested in the uk 's position on this graph since we have very low productivity relative to our economic position . 
  nope, 
  i regularly get approached by chinese amazon and ebay sellers to review free products . 
  while most of the stuff i review is electronics , it 's interesting seeing how many attempts there are to make new viral kids toys . 
  99.9 % of the items will never make it and wo n't become popular , but they use the shotgun approach , i suppose if one product does happen to go viral they must make a killing . 
  the spinner fad has died now , but the next big chinese toy is in the works all the time . 
  yeah but anyone that knows about uk politics knows corbyn is nothing like blair . 
  corbyn voted against blair tens ( hundreds ? ), 
  of times in the house of commons despite being in the same party . 
  there 's practically a witch hunt going on in the labour party to purge the ` blairites ' , that 's how much it 's changed . 
   only if your administration does n't set and enforce proper minimum wage . 
  you ca n't support a family on minimum wage . 
  a migrant worker living in a building stuffed with 20 other workers can easily undercut a father or mother that needs to support a more expensive rent and their kids . 
  the migrant worker could probably join the company taking minimum wage and be ok , but the father/mother simply could n't accept minimum wage . 
  lots of students agree . 
  this is hardly a right wing stance either but simply logic . 
  if there is a larger group of workers willing to sacrifice their working conditions and work in crowded houses with many other foreign workers of course they can undercut fathers and mothers that need to support a family . 
  uk is diverse, 
  we 've looked into it and afaik now that i 'm 18 i 'd need to prove i have some kind of connection to the netherlands other than just having a dad from there . 
  it 's complicated . 
  is that true ? 
  my father is dutch and has now lived in the uk longer than he lived in the netherlands . 
  he 's married to my british mum , yet claims he ca n't get a british passport without losing his dutch one . 
  he does n't care because he has a letter of permanent residency in the uk , but he would like to be able to vote since he 's quite invested in britain ( his entire life is here ) ... 
  he 's realised how important it is that he gets the ability to vote since brexit yet does n't want to renounce his eu citizenship . 
  my father is a dutch citizen who has now lived more of his life in the uk than in the netherlands . 
  fortunately he has a letter of permanent residency . 
  it 's pretty much the only option for dutch in the uk that do n't want to stop being eu nationals . 
  because these are trip advisor ratings , people that do trip advisor reviews are a weird bunch that like to give 1 star reviews for the weirdest reasons . 
  a clean public toilet is probably what differentiates the harry potter studio from everything else . 
  because these migrants can get eu member state citizenship in just a few years , then they are subject to freedom of movement . 
  it 's still an issue though , because they can get an eu member state citizenship in just a few years and then they are subject to freedom of movement . 
  i do n't think freedom of movement will last for a decade longer . 
  yeah but london has a fuck tonne of ugly buildings , take your pick . 
  it 's a borderless mass of cheap labour that will impoverish working class families by driving down the value of work . 
  the people it primarily benefits are multinationals and business owners , the people it punishes are people with a family to support . 
  what young person from a working class background can seriously say they can afford to have a child ? 
  i 'm pro eu , but freedom of movement is a serious mistake with such a large wage disparity . 
  i suppose it can act as a giant symbol to every parisian as to why being active in local government is important , to avoid further monstrosities being built . 
  i 've been to de efteling as a child and had a fantastic time . 
  i mean the murdoch media . 
  sorry the sentence flow was n't very good there . 
  i can think of few = = i ca n't think of many and yeah rupert murdoch 's media has n't liked blair much since that situation !, 
  it 's the result of powerful right wing tabloids . 
  the murdoch media who are massive proponents of brexit , are owned by an australian man that does n't have britain 's interests at heart . 
  you can see the effects of this right wing press on australia too , there are some similarly weird political decisions made there too . 
  the murdoch media uses every opportunity to criticise the eu for things that are often not even the eu 's fault , or an utter misrepresentation of the eu 's policies on issues i think large sections of ( particularly elderly ) society have a lack of scepticism of the government and media , for example the ww2 generation and their kids lived in a time where they trusted authority and government because it was necessary for survival . 
  you often hear about scammers pretending to be from banks or government ripping off old people in the most strange ways , i think it 's due to a mentality of trust in authority younger people do n't have as much as that generation . 
  finally the large influence of these right wing tabloids means that politicians all around the political spectrum try to appease them , i can think of few major politicians that have n't wined and dined with rupert murdoch for example . 
  i want to get off mrs. may 's wild ride, 
  jobs are n't leaving ( yet ), 
  they only do that in london afaik , but prime delivers are next day . 
  why do n't they deliver to your house ? 
  i can see why the uk is so high , amazon uk has good prices and there is healthy competition among online retailers . 
  online orders are so much cheaper than the high street in most cases . 
  postage is almost always free ( for the buyer ) as we have healthy competition in delivery companies as well as a high population density and small size allowing delivery companies to offer really cheap postage . 
  plus brits have an aversion to social interactions . 
  i wonder why it 's not higher in countries like france and the netherlands , it seems absurdly low . 
  everyone i know orders stuff on the internet regularly . 
  i 've made 300 orders from amazon alone this year !, 
   it ensure that the life of every person/voter is taken into account does it ? 
  or does it just take into account the mob rule of the 51 % and fuck the rest . 
  just one example being the brexit vote , 51 % wanted it , 49 % did n't want it - so we 're getting a hard right brexit ruled by `` no deal is better than a bad deal '' . 
  the reality is that the 51 % rules over the minority . 
  however yes , i agree it is still the least worst system . 
  is n't that just an argument against democracy in general though ? 
  it 's mob rule to control people 's lives through collective power . 
  i literally do not understand protests of the g20 , who could possibly be against countries meeting and working together to solve issues ? 
  the uk is exempt from eu warranties because * allegedly * ours exceeds them , because theoretically appliances can have a `` reasonable expectation '' of up to 7 years , however in practise this is very hard to enforce as the law terminology is very ambiguous . 
  so in reality we get left with a 1 year warranty , hence why microsoft , apple , dell and more get away with 1 year warranties by default - which just is n't enough considering the expense and nature of their products . 
  xps13 is n't great as the tiny form factor meant they had to solder the ram in and it 's not modular . 
  but yeah , it 's a huge improvement otherwise . 
  yeah that guy, 
  how diverse !, 
  i suppose it hurts certain form factors , but most devices will be unaffected . 
  the dell xps series laptops have full repair guides for every modular component on dell 's website , you can take off the back , replace the thermal paste , clean dust from the fans , replace ram , ssds , batteries and wifi boards without voiding the warranty , assuming you do n't damage anything . 
  this does n't make them any fatter or more expensive , it 's just not a dick move . 
  i agree with this law , i have a oneplus one ( smartphone ) that is 3 years old now , and a few months ago the power button broke .
