  bloody eu stealing our sovereignty , first the porn blocks now our flag . 
  what next ??!!!, 
  i wish people here realised this , business seems to be very short sighted and unambitious . 
  did i mention they designed the magnets too ? 
  they were just given the specs of what they wanted . 
  looks like normal high density , low cost housing to me . 
  from just those houses at the back this could easily be a picture of the uk or the netherlands too . 
  loads of work went into this , and to see it almost finally ready to be turned on is exciting . 
  my father works for a uk based company that made a large proportion of the superconducting electromagnets in it ( and also for other projects like the lhc ) , he was managing the superconducting magnet project at the firm for years and is excited to see it turned on . 
  i believe an italian firm also made a large proportion of the superconducting electromagnets , but there were huge faults in them and it delayed the project as most had to be remade ( for once british engineering wins ?!? ), 
  this overall is an amazing project that just shows what europe can achieve together , and there are many more projects just like this in the works too !, 
  i 'm not sure but the way it is implemented seems to be very restrictive and specific . 
  it 's complex to remove and needs to be done in similar ways on all providers . 
  i think it was because ofcom forced them to do it . 
  there 's a reason that thousands of people are getting into england to claim asylum from france . 
  ah yeah , the law people are referencing is n't to do with the mobile phones one . 
  they seem to have a more strict law that was made * years * ago . 
  also i 'm under 18 and my three internet has no blocks at all , but my t-mobile internet did . 
  well , that was n't the case with quite a few uk providers . 
  as for apple 's parental controls , [ they are lacking at best . 
  ] ( https://support.apple.com/en-gb/ht201304 ) they allow you to block entire features of the device , as for browser filtering it 's safari or no safari and no option for blocking gore , etc. 
  a bit shit . 
  yeah it 's bizarre how much misinformation there is about this . 
  traditionally on windows pcs if you wanted to add a filter to your child 's pc you could download one of many programs , but on locked down devices like ios devices there is n't an easy way to do this ( you could use a vpn that restricted this content , but that 's tricky to setup and easily turned off ) . 
  so , the best way to block these sites for ios devices is to block them at router level , the issue is that most isp provided routers wo n't have that option . 
  the government asked isps to add a filter to their routers admin page that also asks the customer if they want them enabled when they first sign up . 
  lots of people say that the filters were on by default but chances are that that was because their parents beat them to connecting and turned it on . 
  it 's quite funny seeing people in my college that have it blocked , and they ca n't ask their parents to unblock the porn for obvious reasons . 
  lots of people use vpns anyway now . 
  germany is the uk 's rubbish bin , not really something i expected to hear . 
  considering in my case the only thing i really throw away and not recycle is plastic ( in excessive amounts , packaging is very wasteful ) i imagine that would be quite good for burning for electricity compared to more wet waste like food remains . 
  as a gay person that 's my biggest concern about migration , with ( almost always ) homophobic polish , romanians , muslims and africans coming to the uk en masse i worry about more intolerant people coming here . 
  honestly i do n't see carbon capture ever being significant enough to effect anything , let alone actually actually lowering the amount of co2 . 
  oh yes , how could i forget . 
  i hope the usa will get rid of it too one day . 
  i doubt that they would increase them again , phone companies lose profit that way as people just completely turn their phone off rather than using it to make calls etc. 
  also my phone company ( three ) already has deals with 18 countries ( some eu some not ) to provide free roaming . 
  its most likely political to make the arguments for staying weaker . 
  for example : `` if we leave the eu we will have to return to those uber expensive roaming charges we used to have before the eu abolished them '' versus no argument in the first place if it never went through . 
  seems like petty politics rather than doing the thing best for consumers . 
  annoying . 
  we do n't export much . 
  nope . 
  yeah i have no idea what happened there , i initially put `` leave the eu '' then edited it to `` end austerity '' and then edited again to add `` i do n't believe it is an effective way to cut our deficit '' and after those it ended up with `` leave the eu . 
  i do n't believe it is an effective way to cut our deficit '' odd . 
  my mistake with that comment anyway . 
  there 's a reason that the uk did n't get the euro , its probably that . 
  end austerity . 
  i do n't believe it is an effective way to cut our deficit . 
  wow , that really is bad . 
  do you know where i can find these for other countries ? 
  i 'd love to compare places in europe . 
  it 's shocking that russia has n't diversified at all , everything lied on the oil prices ... [ still at least they are n't saudi arabia ] ( http://atlas.cid.harvard.edu/explore/tree_map/export/sau/all/show/2013/ ) edit : found it http://atlas.cid.harvard.edu/explore/tree_map/export/rus/all/show/2012/, 
  denmark and germoney stronk , go there, 
  if the eu ca n't even manage a few hundred thousand migrants or greece 's failing economy how do you trust them to deal with something as sensitive as nukes . 
  but if we share nukes with france how will we take france out ? 
  do they really though ? 
  i 've never met anyone that was really that bothered about british humour over other humour . 
  yeah with a bit of investment that place would look great . 
  history , nice buildings . 
  are people really going to go on a holiday to saudi arabia unless they are muslim ? 
  i do n't see it being a popular holiday resort . 
  its one of the countries i would never visit ever . 
  unfortunately everyone is buying all the fucking houses here , they are n't investments - i actually need to fucking live somewhere . 
  i 'm totally for it and like it . 
  i hate waking up when it is still dark outside . 
  it basically ruins my morning and makes me feel sleepy even if i 've had a good nights sleep . 
  i do n't see the problem with having classes for more intelligent kids . 
  its not classism because intelligence does n't have a class . 
  specialised classes allow people to achieve more at the expense of the wider gap in intellect , but you should n't be holding the intelligent people back to the same rate as those less intelligent people . 
  yet 300,000 excess people are entering the country despite having a housing crisis , nhs crisis , energy crisis and shitty infrastructure . 
  no wonder we needed to crawl to the fucking chinese for help , only they could keep up with that . 
  the class gap in the uk is significant . 
  i 've just started at a uk college and this is my experience . 
  these are people that have n't even got into the workspace yet and this sort of thing already occurs . 
  on my table in physics , there are 4 people that went to a paid , private school and me and another person that went to a state school . 
  i have quite a posh accent and am quite well off despite this whereas the other person has a chavvy dialect and says a lot of slang that other people simply do n't understand . 
  those 4 that went to the private school literally ignore what he says sometimes , they do n't willingly start a conversation with him and exclude him . 
  they seem to be fine with me but not him . 
  he has n't said anything bad as far as i can tell and they excluded him from day 1 ... 
  because there are massive differences in accent across the uk , and unfortunately a lot of the time the accent and way they speak are representative of how good they are as an employee . 
  you get chavs that do nothing at school , so anyone with a chavvy accent is associated with that . 
  you get middle class people that have stricter parents with a posh accent and generally they are going to give more of a damn while at school . 
  the uk is quite good at research , scientific discovery , breakthroughs however when it comes to making this into a product and monetising it someone else always does it better and outdoes us . 
  we created the www yet we 've never seen a significant silicon valley type place . 
  we made car innovations however the few car companies we had have been bought and outsourced or destroyed by better german competition . 
  we have arm , the company behind the architecture of mobile low power cpus uses in phones yet better american competitors exist . 
  so although we 've probably resulted in a lot of innovation and change , we did n't really make much money out of it . 
  yeah but people break into lorries and hide in cars , or just break past the fence and go on the cargo trains . 
  it 's a bit of a logistical nightmare , it 's an important port to the uk 's economy and the delay is expensive . 
  i believe the hardest part has been getting the french to cooperate as they are quite reluctant to do anything . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  the african/syrian migrants coming to the uk are by large only going there because of the language reasons . 
  the vast majority of those migrants are african and not syrian , and it makes sense as a lot of african countries are english speaking . 
  overall though , the vast majority of the refugees are going to germany and nordic countries due to their generous benefits . 
  as for doing what australia does , it 's difficult because most of the migrants are illegally entering the uk and then claiming asylum on british territory . 
  there 's nothing we can do to stop them doing that ( if their asylum request is accepted that is , if it is declined we can deport them ) however the issue is that if they are declined and we do n't know where they are from we can not return them either . 
  it 's not like australia where the boats can be intercepted before reaching australian soil as there are n't any boats filled with refugees coming onto british soil . 
  most are entering via the eurotunnel or via ferries . 
  people should be given the right to claim asylum away from france .
