  this is definitely a factor too , however the austerity and cutting the deficit circlejerk of our current government has left investment into non-london cities to be quite small . 
  very true , except it 's more like 25 years of incompetence and failure . 
  there 's no fixing this easily now because we allowed it to get this bad . 
  my parents bought their house for # 50k about 20 years ago , we 've had a loft conversion and now it 's worth # 850k + this year alone we will `` make '' around # 80-100k from our house price appreciating . 
  it 's insane . 
  i think the seriousness of the housing crisis is being underemphasised , a 2.8 % increase in a month is in no way sustainable . 
  either the prices are going to continue to rise immensely due to endless demand , or there is going to be a serious bubble pop . 
  buying and owning your home is n't a common thing throughout europe from what i 've heard , but in the uk it is what most families aim to do . 
  ** this is the main reason i think the uk will leave the eu ** , the current levels of eu migration are far too high . 
  we simply do not have the houses and are too incompetent to build more . 
  the demand is higher than the supply . 
  this year my family made more money from our house increasing in value than two people working did , one of them is in a high position in an engineering company . 
  houses produce nothing yet this situation is turning many old people into millionaires at the expense of young people who do not have houses . 
  research has shown that [ 9/10 britons will never own a home ] ( http://www.vice.com/en_uk/read/hangover-news-observer-proposal?utm_source=vicetwitteruk ) this compares to 2001 when 69 % owned their own home . 
  nice to see something actually positive about the uk 's energy generation considering what i 've been hearing over the last year ... over christmas there were fears of blackouts and severe energy shortages ( but we got lucky due to a warm winter ) due to several plants being closed for various issues . 
  we 're falling behind in green sustainable energy and cutting subsidies towards it . 
  our energy is highly dependent on gas , although its cleaner than coal it 's pretty expensive . 
  you can see a live listing of where our energy is from [ here ] ( http://www.gridwatch.templar.co.uk/ ) , and for comparison , france [ here ] ( http://www.gridwatch.templar.co.uk/france/ ) our energy is fucking expensive and we 're constantly importing from france . 
  does anyone know if the uk will have the same problem to the same level ? 
  germany 's demographics are worse than the uk so i do n't expect it to be as bad, 
  that seems to be the governments plan . 
  the current generation are a budget lost cause and will likely be net receivers from the state however i guess that germany is hoping that their kids will grow up more integrated and educated and such more helpful . 
  i suppose it depends on the questionaire . 
  if it were asked : `` what do you primarily describe your nationality as ? '', 
  i would pick british before european . 
  if i were asked `` do you describe yourself as european '' i would say yes . 
  ah i see , thanks, 
  i thought the uk did quite a lot for the jews at that time , why did we score so low ? 
  well at least i 'm already in britain , even if it does turn into an authoritarian mess . 
  all my schools have . 
  aka the student union found an excuse no one can disagree with to smoke on campus . 
  sorry , tones of voice are not conveyed over the internet . 
  write / s for sarcasm/a joke otherwise people take you seriously . 
  they managed for millions of years without burning millions of years worth of underground oil . 
  are you saying that we need to continue producing co2 for trees to survive ? 
  and that 's not because of them cheaping out , its because its better in the long term to support and westernise those countries for america than to let them join/get absorbed into russia . 
  because we have a modern history graduate with a 2:1 as our chancellor rather than an economics graduate like you ? 
  must be a documentary about british women ;p, 
  full of students i guess , i 'm surprised brighton was n't there . 
  we have to watch it on 4od and get 3 minutes of adverts for every 15 minutes of show . 
  definitely not zero or the camps would be growing a lot faster . 
  i recall it being something to do with how the em waves from the light are absorbed by the filter . 
  on the filter the lines of the slits absorb the em waves from the corresponding plane of wave motion . 
  they wo n't from a different plane of motion . 
  if you look at the other replies there was someone who gave a more technical explanation ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/426mqe/menorca_spain/cz8so45 ) . 
  my reasoning is limited to what i learned in secondary school aged 15 :p, 
  yeah the more power for our government sounds good on paper but i do n't trust the authoritarianism of the conservatives or labour . 
  after some googling almost all sites ranked the uk above france , perhaps that metric has changed . 
  it 's probably france anyway . 
  yeah i went to minorca on holiday last summer and almost everywhere is a nature reserve on beaches . 
  there were wooden paths slightly above the grassy areas before the beach so that tourists would n't trample them . 
  there were no cafes , services or showers near the beaches because it was protected . 
  i had a lovely holiday to menorca last summer , i 'll be sure to recommend it to friends , 
  the polarisation of waves are counter intuitive . 
  it would appear that they should be polarised in accordance to the slits ( ie vertical planes of motion should pass through the vertical slits ) but its actually the opposite . 
  he 's waiting because he wants current issues to stabilise , i think the current situation with the migrant crisis would certainly cause us to leave the eu ( though whether that would really do anything is debatable ) . 
  i doubt this strategy will work though , i think peoples views are changing towards the migrant crisis even in those countries that were open to accepting migrants ( such as germany ) . 
  i think the situation will only escalate more . 
  i know you are not being serious , but two wrongs do not make a right , it would be an unnecessary escalation . 
  it seems that in attempt to stop the `` terrorists '' the government and police have put aside logic and reason . 
  is a child really going to say ( or even understand ) that they live in a terrorist house ? 
  if they were brought up in an extremist household they would n't identify it as a terrorist household , it would surely be the norm to them ? 
  this is what happens when you train teachers to report `` radicalised '' children to the police . 
  well , who googles `` united kingdom and gibraltar european union '' , the image they used in the article seems a tad misleading when at the most people would search `` uk eu '', 
  on the other hand you could say that the gchq would know exactly where to look when securing systems . 
  you do make a good point though , it does n't seem very democratic to have the legally questionable security agency `` secure '' the same government that makes decisions about this security agency . 
  shh do n't interrupt the british right wing 's obsession with eroding human rights . 
  uk and greenland very green, 
  surely by default all police that kill someone should have murder charges which are then thrown out if appropriate force was used ? 
  it should never become the norm for police to kill . 
  it was also meant to be in a surplus in 2015 . 
  lets be honest , they have no bloody idea . 
  yeah , the grammar is incorrect , but that 's just how it is . 
  people do use that response here anyway . 
  the best advise to responding to that is , if you do respond it has to be concise . 
  `` yeah , you ? 
  '' , `` yeah , yourself ? '', 
  are good answers . 
  i 'm glad this was n't just my school canteen . 
  yeah , basically anything free from or subsidised by the state the state . 
  tories !, 
  i ca n't believe people fall for it ... 
  are you sure you did n't read that in the daily mail ? 
  ( i ask because its one of the most popular non-us news sources in the us ), 
  something something eu federalisation, 
  i think that an assassination attempt against a politician is more serious than a burglary etc. 
  it 's a clash against democracy if people can go around trying to kill politicians they dislike . 
  interesting , thanks . 
  i have to admit , they do look rather classy . 
  do the french use < <   rather than ' ' ? 
  we have quite a lot of sea wind power , recently its been about 12-17 % generation overall . 
  obviously that varies with the wind . 
  let 's also just remember why the subsidies are necessary , the oil prices dipped a huge amount due to unforseen reasons . 
  it 's something that is likely to become profitable again so keeping it open is a good idea . 
  the need for oil has not gone , its not a failed business strategy , just bad luck . 
  a similar thing happened recently where a uk steel factory was forced out of business after the chinese flooded the market with cheap steel , although that was n't subsidised to keep it afloat . 
  fuck the planet amirite who needs it, 
  fix it before its too late , trust me . 
  the security services seem to be doing a very good job stopping attempted attacks at the cost of peoples civil liberties . 
  the gchq/nsa fiasco just demonstrated how far it goes .
