  they tried to source some chinese steel , and bought some high end steel as their products require a specific specification of high-grade steel . 
  what arrived was nothing like the specification , they had essentially diluted the steel with cheaper metals which meant that it had completely unknown propeties for strength and melting points . 
  the fact is , if they sourced chinese steel regularly they would have to painstakingly test the properties of every piece of steel which is unfeasible and expensive . 
  now they source steel from other european factories for slightly more money , but the steel is consistent . 
  it 's important these factories do n't fail though because of the shit chinese steel . 
  it would be interesting if they were broadcast online for anyone to see , though it may attract some sadists . 
  it would certainly educate people as to how industrial the slaughter really is . 
  i think it 's a nice idea to improve ethics standards . 
  lots of abattoir workers are paid low wages for too much work and as such are unnecessarily aggressive with the animals . 
  we 're getting these animals to make the ultimate sacrifice so at minimum we should treat them decently in their last moments . 
  hopefully the footage is watched regularly , but perhaps the idea of being watched alone will encourage people to be more ethical . 
  it 's also good because it allows kosher and halal abattoirs to be watched as somewhat recently there have been some animal abuse scandals at halal abattoirs . 
  pig brother ? 
  speculoos gelato ice cream is bae, 
  i do n't understand , why would they be handled roughly in the summer ? 
  unless they mean the chocolate could melt ? 
  surely it makes more sense to not ship around christmas , as this is when most parcels are lost and destroyed due to the huge volume of parcels . 
  nothing has been learned from fukushima ? 
  they are losing a fuck tonne of money from prime , i spend # 40 a year and have gotten 198 next day deliveries in the last 6 months . 
  honestly i 'm quite distant from what gypsies do . 
  i 've never encountered any in the uk , and only a couple of times abroad in paris . 
  then if they ca n't prove who they are , send them home . 
  honestly i 'm quite distant from what gypsies do . 
  i 've never encountered any in the uk , and only a couple of times abroad in paris . 
  gr8 b8, 
  is it a good idea though ? 
  surely at minimum we should ensure these people go through a background check . 
  we do n't know if there is a warrant for these people 's arrest , their names , their affiliations to groups ( terror groups ? ) . 
  it seems sensible to ensure you can do that ( go on with a normal life ) that we should make sure these people wo n't inhibit that . 
  wtf, 
  as someone in holiday in portugal from the uk , it makes me happy that my country 's restaurant food is at least better than some other countries . 
  the food here is dire . 
  except with contactless , where annoyingly it takes about 3 days after i spend something for it to show up . 
   eu : pay the brexit bill before talks continue uk : how much will that be ? 
   eu : you tell us ... 
  in reality the uk owes the eu nothing , we have paid into many eu assets and projects - more than we have received back . 
  perhaps we should be billing the eu rather than the other way around . 
  this nonsensical negotiating position from the eu must end , the uk wants to talk about important issues but instead the eu is squabbling about an utterly irrelevant issue trying to stall time . 
  it 's almost like he deserves to be kicked out or something, 
  why ? 
  we do n't live in a direct democracy but rather a parliamentary democracy . 
  a referendum is subject to change in public opinion and is not legally binding . 
  the people are idiots , let qualified people make the decisions . 
  yeah so have i , and the rest of britain - but people are mostly only getting to grips with how it all works * after * voting to fucking leave it ... 
  i 'm not a brexiteer , i acknowledge we are fucked in so many places . 
  i feel that the logical pragmatism incorporated by the british government throughout the past few decades has been abandoned in favour of lunacy for the sake of internal conservative party disputes ... 
  it 's madness . 
  it is becoming automated , but the tech is n't quite there yet . 
  it 's getting closer though . 
  culturally enrichment !, 
  a melting pot of diversity . 
  it 's pretty fucking hot and humid here in portugal compared to 2 days ago , but not 40c . 
  i 'd happily move from the uk to spain . 
  i 'd probably live longer and be happier . 
  i disagree , for the most part he has some sensible ideas not unlike a centre-leaning european party ( except his pro soft-brexit views , but at this point brexit is inevitable ) . 
  i would rather the level headed labour party have a civil talks with the eu than the foaming right wing conservative party leader talks with the eu . 
  they soured the discussions from the get-go and boris johnson is an embarrassment . 
  you 're ignorant of how productivity works . 
  french workers work fewer hours with higher pay yet exceed british workers in productivity . 
  it 's not a measure of how hard you work , it 's a measure of the amount of gdp measure per unit hour worked . 
  some ways to improve it are infrastructure upgrades , so deliveries of concrete to a building site could be made faster for example . 
  or automated mechanisation , so many metal parts can be machined simultaneously with one machine manager rather than manually machining one metal part at a time for example . 
  sadly these things are expensive investments that other countries are too often willing to make , but is a scary concept to the british for some reason . 
  it seems the services based economy is faltering in the eyes of investors , while services will still work , the demand for them will reduce outside the eu . 
  for this reason they are moving instead to exports and manufacturing . 
  the uk has some great manufacturing , for example nearby me we have a medium sized company making the world 's best mri scanners and exporting them across the world , as well as superconducting magnets used in the lhc and fusion reactors . 
  the issue lies with the uk 's manufacturing productivity . 
  we are crap with productivity compared to our european neighbours , and laughably bad on a global scale . 
  if we pivot to a manufacturing economy this is going to be a serious disadvantage . 
  our poor manufacturing productivity is due to the utter fear instilled in british companies in making investment in infrastructure . 
  no one wants to build the expensive manufacturing lines . 
  no one wants to build the ~ # 80bn hs2 railway we desperately need . 
  no one wants to pay for expansion of our roads or airports . 
  our fear of investment is hurting our competitiveness on a global scale . 
  the reason for this failure to invest in private industry is that banks no longer invest in companies , they create made up financial products that they invest in . 
  in the past , banks were forced to invest into small/medium businesses and this allowed them to expand and fund expensive infrastructure . 
  nowadays this rarely happens as the banks business models have changed . 
  the only way i can see this change is if jeremy corbyn 's infrastructure investment bank is realised . 
  it will utilise what he calls the `` people 's quantitative easing '' , this is where the qe that is already happening is instead diverted into a specialised government-owned bank that will use the money to pay for infrastructure projects , housing and to fix our productivity woes and allow us to be competitive on a global scale . 
  housing is a toxic issue in the uk . 
  there are too many old people that already own houses that will automatically oppose every single housing project . 
  nimbys have ruined the uk . 
  the english supporters get drunk and fuck about at pubs , but the russians literally were trained fighters beating up british tourists in gangs close to death in the streets . 
  i do n't think it 's really fair to lump them together . 
  documentary : https://youtu.be/exbetusljd4, 
  it worked for the uk , we made a net-gain from the olympics and it was one of the cheapest olympic games in ages . 
  you just need to be careful with the spending and use it as an opportunity to revitalise a neglected area of paris . 
  this is what the uk did and that part of london is now trendy and successful . 
  but a large amount are still in use too , the places where the olympic park was built were neglected parts of london that used to be industrial . 
  they were contaminated in some cases and people did not live there . 
  it resulted in the land being cleaned up , infrastructure being built and a revitalisation of the area . 
  it really worked well for london and now those places are attractive places to live . 
  a bit of a hyperbolic headline , but the article was very good . 
  london is a city of perceived prosperity , but the common mistake made by many cities , london alike , was to put economic growth and gentrification first and leave the locals behind . 
  london attracts brilliant minds from around the world , many from the eu . 
  with growth and gentrification people saw skyrocketing rents and out of control house prices and realised they had to leave the places they were born in . 
  who was moving in to the old communities ? 
  immigrants lured in by london . 
  rather than recognising this was the ugly face of change and growth , people blamed mass immigration and this was exploited by populists . 
  eventually brexit happened .
