  i bet it was a stupid ceo or director making the terrible decision in the first place . 
  nowadays technology is not an expense but a necessary investment . 
  southern european is n't a race . 
  i 'm talking about my anecdotal experience and i 've never worked in a restaurant - i do n't know how food sickness is spread , but i 'd assume some of it is going to be from not following basic hygienic rules , how else would it happen ? 
  those that are submitting these claims fraudulently are scum as you stated , running hotels is a hard , honest job . 
  it must feel incredibly shitty when someone takes away that hard work through no fault of your own . 
  all i was trying to say was that it 's not all going to be fraudulent , and in my anecdotal experience , i do get ill in southern european countries , especially all-inclusive resorts ( where food is often reheated multiple times ) . 
  there are clearly some flaws in the system that are rigged against hotel owners , like not requiring any evidence and being able to make the claims for 3 ( ! ), 
  years . 
  french and dutch tourists usually avoid the places british tourists go to . 
  ( i do n't blame them either . ), 
  this entire litigation started because a large chain all inclusive holiday resort had hundreds of visitors get ill due to copious reheating of food and poor hygiene standards . 
  i ca n't speak for dutch and french tolerances to poor hygiene . 
  all i know is that i , as well as my family often get ill and vomit or get diahoreoia in spain and greece on holiday . 
  while i 'm sure there is some fraud , almost every time i go to southern european countries like spain or grecee and get all-inclusive i get sick and have to take a day or two to recover ( i do n't drink much , so it 's not that ! ) . 
  maybe instead of complaining the hotel employees in those hotels are victim to frequent compensation claims and all-inclusive restaurants should try to adhere to better hygiene standards , all-inclusive restaurants frequently reheat food for multiple days - maybe they should n't . 
  i do n't get ill in the uk , france , or the netherlands . 
  i 'm sure my experiences must happen to other british people , it 's probably just before they did n't realise they * could * get compensation from these dodgy all-inclusive hotels until recently . 
  however , clearly , something must change to reduce the abuse of compensation powers . 
  this quote highlights how ridiculous the current system is :  the current british consumer regulation does not just require evidence from the claimant , who does not have to present even a medical part and can plead for up to three years after the event . 
  this is unfair and rigged against the hotel . 
  anyone in the uk should if they followed the alexander litvinenko case . 
  they have an utter disregard for other countries law and order . 
  british pensioners in spain do n't integrate , but ultimately they are there temporarily - you do n't expect a tourist to integrate to the country they visit either . 
  they just spend their pensions they get from the uk government in spain instead , and the uk government reimburses the spanish government for any healthcare burdens for the spanish health service . 
  however in an ideal situation , they should integrate better . 
  it 's a muslim issue . 
  they are taught from childhood that the kafir british girls are sluts , indecent and easy because they do not wear headscarfs and engage in western culture . 
  who would believe that when they grow up , they mistreat women and view them in a dangerous way - resulting in scenarios like you brought up . 
  same with the uk, 
  i agree , i tried just having a meat-free day once a week . 
  never in history have humans eaten so much meat , it 's not natural and is very selfish for the environment . 
  people prefer having a whole chicken or turkey to cut up for sunday roast . 
  i guess there 's more demand for whole chicken . 
  you ca n't deport british citizens, 
  telephone polls are the most accurate form in the uk , any type of poll completed using the internet misses a huge conservative demographic ( old people that use old media like the daily mail ) and is often labour-skewed . 
  infact in the last election when the tories got a bigger lead than expected , telephone polls were the closest to accurate . 
  what does a deeper eurozone mean , if not to expand the number of member states using the euro ? 
  i hardly find it unbelievable that sweden could be made to use the euro . 
  fucking conservatives ... 
  i 've had a friend vote on behalf of his grandad , underage , just claiming he was him . 
  it 's possible . 
  many disconnected databases that are limited in scope to the organisation they are intended for . 
  for example the electoral commission ca n't access passport databases , schools ca n't access records unless parents sign up to the school etc. 
  it 's one of the reasons my father from the netherlands is convinced that the uk is the best place to go to in europe if you are trying to live a life avoiding the state , there 's loads of cash-in-hand unrecorded work , no centralised databases etc. 
  it 's why the uk 's population censuses are so out of date compared to other countries , we simply do n't know how many people live here . 
  you can be born without a birth certificate , live without a driving license or passport , work cash-in-hand and chances are the government wo n't know you exist . 
  you do n't even need an id to use the nhs if you get sick . 
  the entire reason id cards were opposed by the public under the labour government is that it would require the government to make a database for every citizen in the uk . 
  currently the databases are at least disconnected , for example the electoral commission ca n't access passport data , the private electoral register ca n't be accessed by the police etc. . . 
  i suppose not having a central database limits the scope of the state , my father ( from the netherlands ) is convinced that the uk is the best country in europe to go to if you want to avoid government and databases simply due to the fact we have no single central citizen database or id cards . 
  though this has probably changed since terrorism became an excuse to implement draconian big state . 
  i hate our media . 
  i think labour are at least considerate to the working class and wo n't vilify immigrants like this . 
  a # 2000 fine for immigrant workers is ridiculous . 
  i ca n't imagine labour doing that . 
  no , i meant that it would dilute the progressive vote , the lib dems are hugely different from the tories . 
  i will be voting labour though . 
  true . 
  thank fuck she 's staying . 
  i * really * want labour to win and the tories to lose . 
  it 's to risky to give the tories such a large mandate to rewrite practically every aspect of british law ... 
  my point still stands , voting for green is in effect a vote for the conservatives . 
  you 're really wrong about the 72 % rate . 
  you do n't understand progressive taxation . 
  when you reach a tax bracket , only the income above that tax bracket is taxed at that rate . 
  for example the first # 11,500 of income is 0 % tax even if you make # 120,000 . 
  then # 11,501 to # 45,000 is taxed at 20 % ... 
  this goes up incrementally through many tax bands . 
  ** if you make # 120,000 : ** your taxable income is # 118,500.00 - the first # 11,500 is tax free . 
  then your general income tax is # 40,700 then your national insurance is # 5,920.32 giving a total taxation of # 46620.32 so you take home 61 % of your earnings if you made # 120,000 . 
  i fucking hate our government system . 
  there is one party i can vote for that will oppose this , the liberal democrats . 
  if i vote for the liberal democrats , it is in effect a vote for the conservatives due to the fptp voting system . 
  so as a result , i will be voting for labour as it is the lesser of two evils , even though they will continue authoritarian policy like this . 
  it 's rigged against small parties . 
  sounds impractical . 
  good question . 
  there are practically billions of spanish people in brighton in the summer . 
  good , demanding passwords is absurd . 
  i remember this part on hedz !, 
  that would be horrible , i hope not . 
  my father works for a uk company that produces the superconducting magnets required in the lhc , they have had loads of business from cern to improve the luminosity . 
  highly doubt it , if there 's one thing that the conservatives market themselves to voters on - it 's being pro-business . 
  vpns are used all the time for businesses , they are essential to stop corporate espionage when on business trips to countries like china too . 
  i really doubt such a draconian measure would be implemented for something like this . 
  this policy is just to fool the family voter type that the conservatives care about the safety of kids . 
  it 's not something they are truly passionate about . 
  not to mention the conservatives are utterly incompetent . 
  all it 's going to do is harm the ( few ) british porn companies by requiring them to have age verification ( thus turning away any foreign ` customer ' ) . 
  instead , people in the uk will use vpns and proxies and browse foreign porn sites that do n't have these limitations . 
  they are unaffordable to the point of inhibiting people 's quality of life and most likely hurting the economy as people have less spare money to spend on domestic businesses - instead they are forced to spend it on depreciating assets ( houses ) . 
  wow !, 
  i did n't know those figures , that is a metric fuck tonne !, 
  that 's quite a walk especially in the snow . 
  and it definitely was snowy 4 years ago , but barely anything since . 
  really ? 
  i think it looks great , i live here yet still have n't gotten bored of the sight of it . 
  not true , it 's not snowed in this significant amount for a few years . 
  before then though there were about 6 ~ years of it snowing consistently every winter , although that has n't happened more recently .
