  i love how they bundled those 3 things together . 
  lol he does n't want to go down in history as a failure . 
  how pathetic . 
  what a horrible man , he 's damaged this country so much . 
  are you an idiot ? 
  no one from the uk thinks like that . 
  a stock exchange is very different to a financial system . 
  yeah , i 've definitely witnessed some bad ones . 
  i recently found a suspect ebay profile that had loads of typically reviewed brands . 
  i looked at some of the products on amazon and found one reviewer in common with all of those products . 
  the problem was that all the products were new , sealed , and therefore all the reviews were made up . 
  the reviews were all really brief and they clearly just got the product , made a short 5 * review and then flogged it on ebay . 
  so there are some bad ones . 
  that 's what we call being a shill at / r/producttesting my last 10 reviews for stuff i got for free/discount : 3 * 5 * 3 * 5 * 1 * 4 * 1 * 2 * 3 * 5 * it allows me to call out products being misleading before people buy them , for example i recently got a hoodie removed from amazon that advertised as 80 % cotton / 15 % nylon / 5 % spandex when in reality it was 100 % polyester . 
  i do qualitative power bank reviews that measure the * actual * capacity of the power banks to determine if they are lying about the capacity . 
  i try my best to call out the bullshit . 
  i pride myself on not being a shill and giving genuine reviews . 
  you can totally succeed in getting free product samples while reviewing harshly like i do . 
  there are a few that ruin it , but i 'm honest and many others are . 
  infact you can see my [ recent post to reddit ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/producttesting/comments/61yq3e/ ) of me fighting a bad seller who felt entitled to a 5 * review . 
  i 'm an amazon product reviewer ( i get free products for honest reviews ) and i 've recently been sampling some greek cosmetics , soaps , facial exfoliating scrubs , etc and i 've really liked them . 
  so they make good cosmetics too , 
  interesting , i hope it 's kept purely economic as politics with gulf arab states is n't something i 'd like to see . 
  maybe they are referring to themselves rather than the economy as a whole . 
  i can imagine some people will benefit and some people will lose out . 
  really ? 
  i 've found them to be quite nippy and nice to drive . 
  maybe they are just lower down than what americans are used to ? 
  i found a pack of cards that said ` made in the eec ' a while ago . 
  i suppose that 's not that long ago as it was only renamed in 1993 . 
  would be pretty funny , yeah, 
  yeah i 'm not sure why people still think it 's going to happen . 
  i really want brexit to go well , as a young person who will be leaving university about when brexit 's effects will be seen - i do n't want it to affect my opportunities but i fear it will . 
  that being said , getting a trade deal without freedom of movement is unfeasible . 
  if we want a nuclear brexit , there will be nuclear consequences ... 
  the lakhta centre looks cool . 
  i 've argued with someone in scotland that said that if they voted for sharia law , and they won democratically that would be entirely ok . 
  while i agree with democracy i find that a hard pill to swallow , and would rather just avoid the scenario ... 
  i legitimately laughed out loud at this article . 
  it 's so mad . 
  the dutch system is probably the most pro-small party system in the entire eu !, 
  it 's normal to take your shoes off in the south east i think . 
  i live in brighton ( hove , actually ) and it 's normal to take your shoes off when entering someone 's house . 
  unless it 's a party or something . 
  yeah , housing in the uk is absurdly expensive . 
  it 's in jest . 
  what is it with russia 's obsession with gay stuff ? 
  that 's the one , maybe i overestimated the age at 2013 . 
  i remember seeing a video from a load of edl members in about 2013 trying to burn an eu flag but it just not lighting - was quite funny that was * because * of an eu regulation . 
  i agree , i personally align myself somewhat left economically and i agree that most media and popular culture is economically right , socially very left . 
  no , but it is the status quo . 
  in popular culture , look at celebrities , universities etc. 
  edit : socially left , not economically left . 
  i think that would be a terrible idea , just because we were once does not mean we should now . 
  also can you imagine trying to convince india to join an empire ? 
  bad idea . 
  an empire would n't ever be a thing again , obviously . 
  i do n't see why a trade deal with the usa , canada , australia , new zealand and south africa would n't be possible . 
  it would be under the pretence of all countries being equal , for example india is now an equal economic power to the uk . 
  obviously we are n't leaders anymore , but the uk has kept good ties to each of these countries . 
  the countries are more similar than different . 
  that 's exactly what 's causing ours . 
  2 % growth is good for a strongly developed country . 
  it 's shitty , fortunately western companies are wising up to the hidden costs of china . 
  i agree entirely , which is why i 'm happy the company my father works for stayed in the uk , 
  anecdote , not a source ... [ siemens ( german company ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siemens ) had just moved a large portion of their production to china , and they were demanding their suppliers including the company my father works for ( based in the uk ) to do the same . 
  the company my father works for produces niche , high end machinery ( superconducting magnets and gradient coils for mri scanners , particle accelerators , etc ) . 
  they refuse this request from siemens , and siemens have a strop - threatening to drop them as a customer ... at the time this was a big threat , but they stuck to their principles . 
  so one day they get a phone call from siemens , they give them a huge list of about 100 people with chinese names to not work with . 
  turns out , the factory staff were trained up by western engineers . 
  they got familiar with the processes , machinery , supplier lists etc and once they were happy with what they knew , they kicked out the western engineers , all quit simultaneously , took parts , machinery , computers , drawings and set up a new factory just a few blocks away . 
  the only way such a coordinated effort would be possible would be with government sanctioned efforts . 
  what / u/spymaster427 said sounds * very * accurate . 
  it seems in the uk diesel cars are encouraged in terms of taxes . 
  this is because diesel cars on paper produce less co2 , so the ignorant government legislated to encourage diesel ownership - despite them producing more particulates and nox . 
  of course it 's a decision they are slowly undoing ... 
  how many old cars or diesel cars would it take to equal one old bus though ? 
  chances are the people that take the bus do n't have the money to buy a nice , new modern car with a euro5/6 diesel so in an alternate scenario they would drive cheap cars . 
  sounds expensive . 
  to be honest though i do n't blame the spanish people , especially in a place like barcelona for being angry or annoyed by tourists . 
  i bet the amount of holiday homes in places like barcelona does drive the house prices up a lot for people that want to actually live there . 
   co2 emissions oh for fuck sake , uneducated politicians obsessing over co2 rather than nox and particulates is what got us here in the first place . 
  we need to worry about what directly affects our health in cities , which is not co2 but nox and particulates . 
  however , better than the equivalent amount of cars for the number of people in the bus . 
  in exchange for everyone else not getting cancer and respiratory problems ? 
  seems fair to me . 
  not necessarily arguing this point , just being devil 's advocate . 
  they are n't being better , they are just matching his work but requiring lower wages because they are willing to stoop lower levels ( it 's common to live next to eastern european neighbours where 10-15 men live in a house that should be for 4 ) and likely do not need to support a family living in the uk too . 
  it 's fundamentally damaging for working class people , not only do we have a widening wage gap between the top of the bottom of society , cuts to numerous forms of welfare and a lost decade of dropping wages , there are people willing to stoop very low compared to what working class families are capable of doing so . 
  working class families have had it hard for the last decade , it 's not about being lazy - i hate all this demonization of the working class we have in british tabloids , and am surprised to see it from a german . 
  bad dogger, 
  and a throwaway , because any decent autocracy will have already linked your reddit account/screen names to your name . 
  probably a fitness band . 
  how do you know they did n't get food poisoning ? 
  i 'm from the uk and nearly every time i go on holiday in spain or france i get really ill and vomit ( not from alcohol , i do n't drink much ) . 
  never in greece , never in the netherlands , both i visit semi-regularly . 
  i never got sick in vietnam , but did in thailand and india . 
  while i never claim compensation , if you miss a few days of your holiday you would want some kind of compensation . 
  maybe your chefs just need to wash their hands and cook under cleaner conditions ? 
  maybe we just have weaker stomachs ?
