technically the post office is still serving the last mile need . 
  they are providing a location for the package to be delivered to , notice to you that the package is there , and staff to service your request when you go there to retrieve it . 
  so dhl , fedex , and others could still do a hybrid model as they do in the states to drop the cost of shipping a bit by using the post office for their `` partial '' last mile needs . 
  break the problem down to the two parts of shipping : ** sending the item from the merchant to the shipping distribution center ** you buy something from amazon.de . 
  amazon ships it to a dhl distribution center with thousands of other packages leaving that amazon warehouse . 
  dhl sorts all the packages they received , send them to regional dcs near your house . 
  ** shipping something the `` last mile '' from distribution center to your doorstep ** the regional dhl dc sorts the packages again for all the packages in your neighborhood and then sends a truck out to your neighborhood . 
  ** its the `` last mile '' which is usually the really expensive part . 
  ** there have been some really interesting approaches here in the us to make this cheaper . 
  * coordination with us postal service to deliver the package to the house for the last mile - fedex calls this `` smartpost '' ups calls this `` surepost '' . 
  usps is already visiting your house to deliver your mail , there 's no extra trip to deliver your package . 
  * cluster boxes - instead of delivering right to your door there are a series of lockers located centrally in a neighborhood or a city . 
  your package is delivered to the locker , you get an electronic code in email which unlocks your locker when you go and retrieve it . 
  in some cities in the usa amazon is partnering directly with some convenience stores for cluster boxes . 
  so amazon deliveries to the cluster boxes directly skipping the freight carrier ( dhl in my example ) altogether . 
  are there any initiatives in europe that take these approaches ? 
   it does n't tax petrol nearly as heavily as most european countries , which is not quite the same thing . 
  the us subsidizes oil exploration , extraction , and refining upstream from the retail pump . 
  [ 2014 was $ 37.5 billion in us government subsidies ] ( http://priceofoil.org/fossil-fuel-subsidies/ ) . 
  i 'm honestly not aware of any eu countries do this or not . 
  actually , you can buy champagne at the top of the eiffel tower . 
  it costs far too much for passable champagne in an led lit plastic stemware . 
  i do n't disagree with your assessment . 
   put simply if the us can not escape the expansionary monetary policy they have been engaged in the trend away from the dollar will exasperate a statement like this is always the conclusion , but then it begs the question , if you leave usd , where are you putting your money instead ? 
  the euro has had value declines as had the yen . 
  gold ? 
  the price has been on a steady decline for years . 
  this is n't a rhetorical question and i 'm honestly curious , where would you put your money when you pull out of usd ? 
  the 75 % was a hypothetical . 
  it is fully within the power of the chinese government to do that , and if it served domestic reasons , i do n't doubt they would do it . 
  i 'm not accusing the chinese of mismanagement . 
  one of the powers of a fiat currency is this flexibility in conjunction with your monetary policy . 
  i 'm aware that qe had a much larger direct impact , but we 're comparing apples to oranges . 
  the usd is a reserve currency and the currency of trade for many items around the world . 
  i think china aspires the rmb to be the same , but currently it is n't . 
  china 's recent devaluation of the rmb has no direct impact outside of china , but certainly a strong indirect one . 
  feb 2015 :  the united states on tuesday announced plans to increase annual aid to jordan to $ 1 billion from $ 660 million to help it pay for the cost of housing refugees from iraq and syria and of fighting islamic state militants . 
   in a brief statement , the u.s. state department said it planned to provide $ 1 billion per year to jordan for each of the u.s. fiscal years for 2015 , 2016 and 2017 . 
  the u.s. fiscal year ends on sept. 30 . 
  [ source reuters ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/02/03/us-jordan-aid-iduskbn0l72et20150203 ), 
  no doubt . 
  the us federal reserve has had several rounds of quantitative easing ( voluntary us currency devaluation ) . 
  those heavily invested in usd during those times certainly felt that . 
  usd has recovered too well in value , in fact . 
  even with that the usd ( and the euro ) have been historically solid as global currencies . 
  the same ca n't be said for rmb or ruble . 
  with regard to the current value of usd , its high value relative to other nation 's currencies are hurting our exports and i recognize that . 
  that downside , however , i 've been able to take advantage of with world travel . 
  i was really surprised how much farther my usd went when in ireland and the uk earlier this year , and later this year i 'm headed to canada where usd is like having a perpetual 25 % off discount on everything !, 
  the issue i was citing is n't china 's economy , its china 's currency . 
  being a sovereign nation they control it , and have recently begun devaluing it significantly to spur domestic growth . 
  that 's fine if it only affects you . 
  however , think about the impact on other nations if they adopted the rmb for their reserve currency and china decides ( for domestic reasons ) to chop its value by 75 % . 
  it would send economic shockwaves through any nation that was using the currency devastating the value of their reserves . 
  what a strange article . 
  it briefly acknowledges putin 's reasoning for wanting a non-western currency , yet does nothing to answer the immediate questions about how this would differ from the ruble nor what the financial backing of this new currency would be . 
  then it spends 75 % on the etymology of the currency names . 
  if anyone else has an article that addresses the economic questions regarding this new currency proposal i 'm interested in it . 
  with the recent partnerships with china , it appeared that putin was willing to have the renminbi be this new common currency . 
  however with china 's recent economic difficulties it looks like putin is considering other options . 
   you can still be damn sure we will know who are net contributors and who are n't . 
  and you can be sure the biggest net contributors will make it heard that `` they 're paying hence they 're deciding '' . 
  in the us , we know which are the low performing and which are the high performing economically . 
  it is very rare for california to call out mississippi on how it spends its money . 
  counter-intuitively , its actually the lower performing states that are typically calling for more money from the federal government even though they receive a disproportionately high amount per capita already . 
   there is no way in hell the eu will federalize the cost of a public service or benefit without also federalizing the conditions of access to the benefit or the way this public service works . 
  again using the model of federalism we have in the usa , states are granted certain sums for public works based on the population of that state . 
  for many services , it is up to that state to determine how the money is spent . 
  some choose to pay out lower benefits for services , while other states choose to raise taxes to provide more money to the services over and above the grant from the federal government . 
  this does lead to some inequality , but the lower performing states are much better off than they would be on their own , and higher performing state still have a sense of community with lower performing states without very much bitterness . 
  we believe we are all better off together . 
  yes , but my question is , will it continue or accelerate to the point that the country * ca n't * modernize its military and feed its armies ? 
  modernizing a military and having the means to feed your armies requires an educated workforce at some levels . 
  becoming a third world country will lead to brain drain as your educated populace emigrates to countries with a higher standard of living . 
  can russia 's goal be achieved before those people necessary to execute the work all leave ? 
  i 'll be the first one to say i do n't know anything about local markets in russia , but from a free market perspective the recent bans * should * increase price and quality because of the captive market . 
  say there are 5 brands of a specific cheese type . 
  prior 3 of those 5 brands were foreign competitors which had high quality product , but also could command the higher prices . 
  they were good enough that local consumers would buy the foreign brands over the lower quality local ones . 
  so even if the local brands were cheaper , they would be left on the shelf by more consumers . 
  with the ban , the 3 foreign brands would no longer be available . 
  now consumers only have the choice to purchase the 2 local brands . 
  except now , the local brands can command the higher price point that the foreign brands used to hold . 
  the 2 local brands now have a vested interest in offering a better product than the other so that should spur them to produce higher quality product to beat out the * other * local brand . 
  i 'm surprised we 're not seeing that effect . 
  are there government imposed price controls on cheese that prevent the local brands from charging higher prices ? 
  thats the only thing i can think of that would rationally cause the local brands to not care about competing with each other . 
  well that certainly explain it !, 
  i would hope they would be able to improve the quality , especially of foreign competitors are locked out of the market . 
  i looked into this more and found this quote in another article :  in the dairy sector , while russian cheese makers have boosted production , they are stymied by an undersupply of milk , with local producers unable to make up for a 65 percent drop in imports . 
  [ source ] ( http://news.yahoo.com/russian-farmers-not-reaping-benefits-western-produce-embargo-102048257.html ) so an additional explanation is bottlenecks in the supply chain upstream . 
  that looks like a systemic problem . 
   `` if we do n't kick this food addiction , we will never learn to build worthy cheese factories , will not reach positive results in import replacement , '' chugunov was quoted as saying . 
  so the aim of russia is to impose these bans to promote growth in the local industries apparently . 
  the bans with the sanctions have been in place for quite some time now . 
  cheese seems like a fairly simple product . 
  is there still no local production of these products or is it a quality issue of locally produced goods vs those that could be smuggled in ? 
   in reality there is more shades than black ( full austerity ) and white ( status quo ) . 
  nobody says greece should spend like it was spending , but the cuts should be gradual , insuring that : economically speaking you need to widen your shades . 
  if black is full austerity , status quo would be in the middle of gray , and economic stimulus would be white .
