   fired from public sector have enough time to have a chance in getting a job in private sector while that would be better for a `` soft landing '' for greece 's economy what it would take to do that would be piles of new money . 
  where would that money come from ? 
  there does n't seem to be the political will in europe to quickly implement meaningful reforms in greece that would allow its best chance a rebound . 
   in united states more economically powerful states do n't have more power than poorer states ... not directly , no , but indirectly , yes . 
  in the usa legislative power comes from two houses . 
  in our senate there are equal voices between all states . 
  100 senators ( 2 from each state ) . 
  so in this side of the our legislature , you 're correct . 
  however , the house of representatives is based on state population . 
  for example , the [ state of mississippi has only 4 ] ( https://www.govtrack.us/congress/members/ms ) representatives while the [ state of texas has 36 ] ( https://www.govtrack.us/congress/members/tx ) . 
  while these are based on population and not economic power , there is a strong correlation between population and economic power in the usa . 
  the balance we have is that each law must pass through both the senate and house of representatives , which prevents small states from dominating large ones and vis versa . 
  federal is the bottom . 
  * as in , by law in the united states the smallest minimum wage allowed anywhere is $ 7.25 / hour . 
  * each state can say , `` not good enough . 
  in our state of washington the smallest wage will be $ 9.47 / hour . '', 
  * each city in washington state can all say `` not good enough !, 
  in the city limits of seattle , washington the smallest wage is $ 11/hour ''  does n't that level of rules make everything really complicated ? 
  a bit , but its worth it . 
  if you were to look at a map of the usa you 're probably not going to find a city paying $ 7.25 / hour close to a city paying $ 11/hour . 
  different parts of the usa have different costs of living so its closer to a gradient across the country . 
  the usa is really many economic and social experiments going on at once and voted on by the residents or their elected representatives . 
  we all benefit from each other because one group can make a choice to affect change in one way , and we all see the result both positive and negative . 
  to circle back to my example , in april of 2015 seattle washington voted to increase their minimum wage to $ 15/hour and phase it in over 2 years . 
  many in the usa are saying this will kill business as employers wo n't / ca n't pay that and seattle will suffer . 
  others ( myself included ) champion this increase as it will put money into hands of people that need it to live above poverty as well as inject millions of dollars ( from them spending it immediately ) into the local economy . 
  by seattle doing this , as they voted to , we all get to see the result . 
  if the years ahead show huge economic growth then other cities ( and perhaps the state itself ) will likely adopt the same wage hoping for the same result in their city/state . 
  additionally , the states can mandate a higher minimum wage ( and many do ) , further the city can mandate a higher wage yet ( and many do ) . 
  seattle washington is $ 11/hour , i believe . 
  investments in space creates hundreds of halo technologies that are used here on earth never leaving the planet . 
  one could argue we know as much as we do about global warming is because of the investment in space that yielded high technology computers , sensing equipment , and data modeling . 
  there 's also the argument that the more we learn about living off of earth , the more we 'll appreciate just how hard it is and take care of earth more . 
  i appreciate your follow up with the information about the greenberg case . 
  regardless of my opinion of it , i am glad to know of it . 
   the simplified argument is that the bailout of aig was actually a bailout of aig 's creditors correct me if i 'm wrong , but aig sold the credit default swaps . 
  aig * was * the insurer for the risky financial deal . 
  aig assumed that risk and was paid for it by those buying the insurance from aig . 
  so , yes , the people who would not have been paid were the people that held the insurance . 
  this would have represented a failure of not only the mortgage industry , investment industry , and insurance . 
  you could argue that the investment companies would not have been so risky with their investments if they did n't have an insurance policy designed to pay out if they failed . 
  i have zero sympathy for aig . 
  i wo n't ask you to explain it if it is well represented elsewhere . 
  do you have a good source i could fill in the gap in my knowledge ? 
  on its surface it sounds completely ridiculous that a company worse off than lehman was spared their fate , but are now biting the hand that saved it , namely the american taxpayers . 
   the us solved its problem by simply printing a fuckton of money . 
  with regard to the quantitative easing , its not quite that simple . 
  we printed a fuckton of money specifically to buy `` toxic debt '' ( mortgage backed securities ) . 
  in one move we intentionally devalued our currency and assumed , as a nation , the private sector debt that was halting the flow of money in the nations markets . 
  years later this proved to be very much worth it as not only did we have the economic recovery , but that `` toxic debt '' actually proved not as toxic and the government came out cash positive from the investment . 
  in a grand irony , one of the companies that was the largest creators of the toxic debt is now suing the us government saying that even though they were billions of dollars in the red and bankruptcy was a forgone conclusion , they should have gotten a better deal for the toxic debt . 
  no good deed goes unpunished . 
  beyond the printing of money , we also did a huge chunk of public spending to inject money into the us economy ( as i detailed in another post ) . 
  i 'm not a fan of reagan 's economics . 
  his theory is predicated on what he called `` trickle down '' economics . 
  meaning , cut taxes on the rich , and that tax savings will eventually end up in the hands of the middle class and poor . 
  instead it has lead to some of the worst income inequality we have had in recent history . 
  it is a large looming problem the usa faces today . 
  wages for most in the usa have stagnated while inflation continues to slowly eat at the value of the static salaries . 
  the economic growth we had in the late 1990s ( which was lowering our debt ) was , counter intuitively , the result of spending , not tax cuts . 
  i take it as : the ratio of public employment to private employment is disproportionately high . 
  its speaking to the lack of jobs overall , but pointing out that the state is supporting a higher employment burden than other eu countries . 
  my correction agrees with you . 
  here 's you :  ** the percentage of greece 's labour force that has been employed in the public sector is n't particularly high , compared to other european countries ** here 's even more of a quote from the independant : `` and it is not just a numbers game . 
  ** contrary to popular perception , the percentage of the working population employed by the state in greece is lower than the eurozone average . 
  ** but public sector workers outnumber their private counterparts to a greater extent than any other eu country . 
  this trend has emerged during the crisis . 
  in 2008 a little over four out of every 10 greek taxpayers was employed by the state . 
  now it is six out of 10 . '', 
  i 'm not sure what you 're looking for . 
  this is true and its a concern of mine too . 
  we were actually reducing the debt in the late 1990s but 9/11 and two wars were expensive ( do n't get me started on the iraq war ) . 
  that 's true . 
  the idea is that you can exit a recession by either cutting your spending to match your gdp ( austerity ) or grow your way out of it ( stimulus ) . 
  no doubt it is a gamble , but so far it is paying off . 
  [ us gdp continues to rise since the stimulus ] ( https://research.stlouisfed.org/fred2/series/gdp/ ), 
  i looked for better sources , and you 're right that my statement was factually incorrect . 
  the 50 % number came from a source which was using some odd language to give an inflated ( but accurate by their verbage ) number . 
  i 've edited my post to reflect your correct assertion . 
  thank you for keeping me honest . 
   in the us , the republicans argued for austerity and a hard line on the monetary policy and automobile bailout , but obama mostly succeed in getting them done anyway . 
   the us has done better than the eu in this crisis because their union is not being run by incompetent germans . 
  with regard to greece . 
  there were two recipes on the table : austerity and stimulus . 
  the difference is in the ingredients . 
  the us used stimulus in several ways to get out of the economic downturn . 
  * increased defense spending - tanks , jets , ships and the like all require lots of workers . 
  we bought extra stuff we did n't even need for defense . 
  * automotive consumer stimulus `` cash for clunkers '' - this was a program that you traded in your old fuel inefficient car ( to be destroyed ) and got several thousand dollars given direct to consumer rebates for the purchase of new automobiles . 
  the stagnating automotive inventories were cleaned out meaning automotive companies had to ramp up production of new cars , meaning more jobs retained/created and more cash injecting into the consumer economy in the form of worker salaries . 
  additionally a gap was created in the secondary car market because there were lots of cars intentionally destroyed that would have been `` used car '' sales . 
  this too meant more new cars were purchased . 
  * `` shovel ready infrastructure '' projects - that new bridge or highway that had all the plans done , just no money ? 
  build it !, 
  the government pays . 
  our aging infrastructure got an update to support commerce for decades and more workers were put back to work , again cash injection in consumer salaries . 
  * government hiring - many new positions were created and hiring freezes were lifted to employ americans . 
  * and many more ... tell me which of these greece could do to achieve the same result ? 
  public spending was already huge going into the crisis . 
  ~ ~ there was no one left to hire when nearly 50 % of the workforce is a government worker , ~ ~ [ `` but public sector workers outnumber their private counterparts to a greater extent than any other eu country . '',
