  processed dairy products are still expensive . 
  the production companies simply profit more right now . 
  it 's the farmers that are forced to lower prices , not the food processors or supermarket behemoths . 
  i believe that people wanted the milk quotas removed in the first place . 
  anyway , afaik the milk quotas will be reinstated . 
  why do n't they solve the trade issues with russia ? 
  i mean yeah , it 's bad that russia did what they did , but let 's not make our own people suffer because of it . 
  technically , supermarkets own most of the food we eat , so it 's kind of the same thing . 
  creating an economy based on force majeure is not a good idea either , in my opinion . 
  it should work similarly to an insurance system but the chances of a flood or drought or anything that destroys crops is significantly higher than typical insurance stuff like earthquakes or fires . 
  so it will only work for highly exceptional cases , otherwise you would not be able to keep price stability during good or bad years , and economy people are really scared of high price variance and usually end up not investing stuff and avoiding the whole thing altogether . 
  afaik they will put the milk quota back in business soon . 
  what the hell is going on , it 's like a coup is happening . 
  leaving the eu means import taxes . 
  eu countries pay no import taxes when they trade with each other . 
  some non-eu countries have such an agreement with the eu , but it might take years for the uk to get there . 
  in order to keep prices stable , the uk might decide to import from lower quality countries , or import frozen food transported through ships across oceans , rather than fresh food from the continent . 
  otherwise , things will simply get more expensive due to the taxes . 
  something like a cap manager system has unofficially started in our country . 
  romania has a large number of small farmers subsidized by the eu ( around 900k ) . 
  in order to face the complicated bureaucracy of the eu , they either sold or rented out their lands to bigger farmers , or they created associations in order to help each other in administrative stuff and focus on the actual farming rather than hunting for documents . 
  ironically , such a system was implemented in the communist era , during which all farms were grouped in local/regional administrative offices to solve administrative issues . 
  those were dropped after the revolution and farms were returned to the right owners ( mostly ) . 
  now people are starting to miss that system . 
  the problem right now with these associations is that the leader ( whatever that means ; one person , a group or a company ) usually gains much more from it because the associations are not very well regulated so the chief pretty much does what he wants , otherwise you wo n't stay in the association . 
  so you got ta deal with it or hunt documents on your own . 
  afaik , you can get startup funding from the 2nd pillar , although conditions over there are a bit more shady , at least in my country . 
  nobody really knows how to do rural development that well . 
  sure you can use the `` organic '' card anytime , but that 's a bit too superficial . 
  honestly i would drop the 1st pillar payments almost completely and put all the money into the 2nd pillar for the development of agriculture . 
  the only money i would save in the 1st pillar are for high quality products , but that 's so easy to exploit by large farmers and corporations , that i 'd rather not take that risk right now . 
  it 's terribly difficult to split subsidy budgets in a country because you need to identify the needs and the agricultural values of your countries , while not letting yourself be influenced by big farmers who consult you only in their best interest . 
  a while ago , i attended a meeting in the central payment agency for cap and i remember a ridiculous thing with a payment scheme apricots raised in greenhouses or something like that . 
  we have like 10 or 15 farmers in the whole country who applied for this scheme , but some bastard owner of a large farm insisted that it 's a very important scheme and the government should put a lot of money into it . 
  therefore , the scheme ended up like getting around 50000 euros per hectare , after all farmers submitted their applications . 
  that 's insane !!, 
  the worse thing is that the eu does n't allow such huge payments per hectare and does n't allow redistribution of budgets , so our payment per hectare was limited and we lost the rest of the money . 
  the import will be easy , but due to brexit complications it will be more expensive , or uk will start importing lower quality food . 
  what i meant about complexity was regarding exporting of services , which is the most profitable business , but because of business probably kind of avoiding uk in the following years , is going to be difficult . 
  about 5-10 years ? 
  you can always import but that would increase your debt and decrease your chances of making other loans afterwards . 
  would a payment system focused on small farmers , while avoiding payment of large farmers make things better ? 
  the cap already implemented the simplified small farmer scheme ( although it 's terrible right now and it 's incredibly easy to exploit ) . 
  i want chemicals to be dropped too , it 's kind of shady in the environmental conditions right now . 
  i hope the eu will continue making regulations as nature friendly as possible , resisting the pressure from large farmers who obviously enjoy using chemicals in farming . 
  i guess we 're a long way from that , though :( i agree that supermarkets also pressure the pricing . 
  my analysis was a purely economical view of supply and demand . 
  but yes , other stakeholders in the chain of trade influence the prices . 
  i agree , however you do n't want to end up like venezuela either . 
  having food should be the number 1 priority for any country in the world , regardless of the development level . 
  sure you can always import the food and export services which are much more profitable , but that will be far more complicated for the uk citizens in the following years . 
  well it 's kind of . . bad . 
  firstly , the irrigation system is pretty much dead and that completely cripples small farmers in years with drought or high temperatures . 
  only big farmers can afford a true irrigation system right now . 
  secondly , our cadastral system was crippled a few years ago due to political involvement and lost its productivity , so most of our agricultural land is uncharted . 
  it 's only found in property acts which do n't precisely position the land on a map . 
  because of this , it 's incredibly difficult to identify land and ensure a stable agricultural economy . 
  another big issue is that small farmers are incredibly poor ; most do n't even have enough money to map their lands in the cadastral system . 
  no farmer can access cap funds without having official positioning of their land . 
  the good side of things it that eu funding has greatly improved our productivity and that most agricultural institutions in the country work hard to improve our agricultural ways . 
  we also have extremely high-quality products which are mostly exported ( you wo n't find the best apples in our country in romanian stores , for example ) . 
  i ca n't say we 're actually competitive , but as long as we sell , it 's alright . 
  however , we have enormous fertile areas and our productivity is still low , but i think it 's slowly improving . 
  foreigners are buying lands because it 's very cheap right now , and it will probably get more expensive in the following years , when people will start looking for more food and , consequently , fertile land . 
  it 's alright to suppress surplus products . 
  otherwise , the price would get too low thus farmers ' profits would be too low . 
  that would cause small farmers to go bankrupt and large farmers to accumulate debt . 
  the eu pays farmers to improve the quality of existing products and to help balance out bad years like ones with drought or floods which destroy crops . 
  removing the subsidizes is okay , but i think we 're not ready for it yet . 
  some countries still do n't have a proper irrigation system , for example . 
  we need a bit more stability and financial sustenance for small farmers before we could completely drop the payments . 
  indeed , we suck at the other funding programs . 
  the main advantage of the agricultural payment system in our country is the decentralized administration which greatly simplifies the application process and makes it faster , too . 
  the other funding programs only had a central agency which governed the entire process , so obviously it was a painful process to apply and access funds . 
  moreover , the decentralized nature of the agricultural payment system meant that local agencies might actually employ specialized personnel , rather than average administrative workers which have no idea what the funding they manage actually does ( this is the case for the other funding programs ) . 
  the other thing is that other funding programs , because of the complexity of the application process , generally require at least a sme , something which we greatly suck at . 
  our smes do n't exist , go bankrupt or are simply bad at management , so they ca n't even apply with a decent project , not to mention actually getting approval for funding . 
  i 'm a software developer working on the software which manages applications , checks , and payment calculation for the the cap funds in my country . 
  my main concern with the cap is the miscommunication between the eu and local governments . 
  for instance , the latest iteration of the cap theoretically simplifies the means of accessing funds , but my country 's ministry of agriculture actually made it worse through bureaucracy . 
  farmers are forced to bring a significantly larger number of documents in order to receive funds , compared to the 2007-2013 cap . 
  my other concern is that the new cap funds are far more distributed across payment schemes and that makes the administrative checks and overall complexity of the payment system significantly higher . 
  ultimately , i 'm proud of what the system offers and that farmers get the funding they need , because food is essential to our continent and improving the agricultural techniques and keeping things as healthy as possible is to be commended . 
  i only hope that things are made easier with good collaboration between local governments and the eu . 
  i 'm also deeply concerned with uk farmers because of brexit . 
  the uk is one of the most well-funded countries in the eu regarding the cap . 
  i doubt the uk government will cover the large sum of money the eu gave to farmers , particularly in underdeveloped areas which the 2nd cap pillar greatly prioritized . 
  romania has an 88 % absorption rate in first pillar cap funding and 74 % for the second pillar , i do n't believe it 's abysmal . 
  getting kicked out is what 52 % of the uk want anyway . 
  what 's worse that could happen is some international trade sanctions like banning exports in the eu indefinitely , which would completely destroy the uk economy . 
  in that case , you either become a political power which survives with its military presence ( like iran did ) or you become venezuela . 
   sorin grindeanu reacted on wednesday to the european commission 's report saying that his cabinet has n't received any signals from the business environment that corruption was an obstacle for doing business in romania . 
  it 's like saying no dead men said someone just killed them , so there must be no one dead . 
  middle and dark ages are kind of poorly documented and interpreted , mostly focusing on military and church influence rather than the purely economic part of it . 
  tractors may be similar , but seeders and harvesters have a huge range of pricing and efficiency . 
  you can also find special harvesters for each important crop types . 
  technically , more efficient machines means less machines and manpower per hectare so you can invest in something else . 
  umm small farmers ? 
  it 's not about individuals , it 's about the people as a whole . 
  that includes people who , for some reason , did n't vote ( like myself ) , people who voted for them or people who did n't vote for them .
