precisely because deals between the uk and the eu are practical , not theoretical , and both parties would like to keep as much from the current economic ties as possible ( stability is good for investors ) . 
  american politicians , however , will be much more aggressive in negotiations , especially knowing the bad position the uk is in right now , so i do n't feel the uk gaining much out of this . 
  empire strikes back, 
  nobody is talking about cultural unification . 
  this is all about economics and the eu is significantly closer to the uk economically rather than the americans . 
   the great merit of where we are now is that we can do whatever we want , subject to having agreement with our counterparties . 
  we do not have to negotiate with the eu any more . 
  ... how can you be so incredibly stupid . 
  it 's highly likely that the eu would negotiate a better trade system than the north americans ever will . 
  whether or not that will happen , you ca n't simply say things like that . 
  what will happen if , tomorrow , the north americans say `` we changed our mind . '' ? 
  you would give the puppy eyes back to the eu after just shitting on them the day before ? 
  god , the british politicians are so reactionary , it 's almost certain they have absolutely no strategy or any idea about how to handle external politics and trading . 
  it 's unfair for mcdonald 's but i do n't think that it will go to court . 
  probably a settlement , but i mc will probably not settle without getting the restaurant . 
  i hope they manage to get it done , it 's nice to have a fast food when in a hurry over there . 
  i do n't think the us will want visas to disappear even if they want ttip to be implemented . 
  they 're happy with the control . 
  i hope this will bring some hope of political stability in these extremely tensioned times . 
  why does n't the rest of the eu leave the eu ? 
  maybe the uk is better off being the only country in the eu , given their lack of sovereignty . 
  i honestly feel like brexit news are becoming more retarded every day . 
  probably a few days to arrange the meeting to sign the article , about 2-3 months to draft trade agreements and stuff between the eu and the uk , another 1-2 weeks to sign the agreements again . 
  so probably in about 3-4 months , but that 's considering no agreement of any kind is detailed at such a level as to be actually implemented . 
  that would take around 6-12 months just to draft , around 6-12 months to validate at all levels and around 1-2 years to actually implement . 
  not to mention internal uk legislation of any kind ( financial , food , education etc ) which would take around 5-10 years or even more to completely reevaluate and optimize for non-eu . 
  these are some rough estimates based on my experience seeing how laws get systematically implemented in a large entity such as a country . 
  maybe even 1.5 trillion dollars for something that will not work right , like the americans did . 
  what do you mean ? 
  edit : nevermind , fixed . 
  yes , i was also thinking about diminishing productivity and revenue loss as a consequence of change , as a maintenance cost . 
  sorry for being insufficiently clear . 
   you are aware that scientists are not computing deities , and are as capable as most people of learning to program ? 
  yes . 
  but most people are not capable of programming . 
  because i was not talking about software development companies . 
  i 'm talking , for example , about a lawyer company , whose employees probably do n't know too many things about computers . 
  thanks for the examples  yes i 've had enough experience with linux . 
  and , personally , i am always open to everything new because i truly believe changing stuff is potentially good ( but potentially bad too , so i 'm also cautious ) . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that for a large ( corporate ) entity , change is usually risky as fuck and people should not take it lightly . 
  i 'm trying to raise awareness regarding how companies think and why they have n't moved to free systems yet , not to express what i would do myself . 
  regarding migration , i was talking about migrating data from different systems to another in general ( including infrastructural changes , database refactoring , user management etc ) . 
  i was n't trying to use office productivity tools as a perfect example . 
  sorry about that . 
  edit : i 'm sorry if i offended you by saying they are terrible examples . 
  they 're just too particular in my opinion  the business world is more retarded in general when it comes to computers , and they 're very sensitive to changes with something they do n't really understand well enough . 
  yep pretty much , especially when they actually give you a standard word document which you need to then fill with stuff . 
  technically if you 're talking about generating documentation from source code in general , it 's pretty obvious you can use doxygen or javadoc or whatever is suited to your developed application . 
  the thing is that clients sometimes want the documentation under a very strict format suited to their needs , and it 's too difficult to map the source code documentation to that model . 
  it 's kind of like the difference between sdk api documentation and a web-based , single-page language or framework specification ( only much worse that that ) . 
  i work in a software development company . 
  latex has nothing to do with my work , i only used it in my university stuff , 
  yup . 
  and a full year is pretty optimistic , especially for large institutions or companies . 
  cern and the iss are terrible examples because they are highly trained engineers and scientists who probably deal with tech significantly better than the average end user . 
  it 's easier for them . 
  i would also like you to name one major company which switched ( as in , completely , not a vm linux server or routing servers etc ) , and a government institution clearly satisfied with the results of the shift . 
  i 'm not sure why you think it 's not difficult to migrate systems . 
  as a software developer , i beg to differ . 
  it really is a disaster most of the times . 
  i do n't understand what you 're trying to say . 
  can you be more specific ? 
  mentioning git is a pretty bad idea . 
  i work in a team of about 50-60 software techies , including 2 architects , 5-10 senior developers and a few managers . 
  it took us about 3 months to stabilize our versioning process , after long hours of merges and fixes and trying to find whatever the hell we lost in the process . 
  as for latex , it 's too difficult to learn properly and there is no good editor for latex for the end-user . 
   using word is just lazy and many many many times just ugly . 
  if you 're irresponsible or unprofessional , your document will look like crap no matter what editor you 're gon na use . 
  also i do n't see why it would be lazy to use word . 
  yeah , that 's why i did n't even mention latex in the first place . 
  but even if has a really tedious learning curve , it 's still the best tool for that . 
  i simply mentioned it to be fair . 
  because it 's ridiculously convenient . 
  at my sister 's ex job , they had an entire system written in a single 10 million line spreadsheet , with pivot tables , graphs and everything . 
  then i thought how it would work if i implemented a real application with a relational database and a dedicated ui . 
  then i understood : their excel is easy to share and update , it meets their requirements and an external application costs a fuckton of money to develop and bugfix . 
  why pay tens of thousands of dollars on apps you do n't really need because a spreadsheet is enough ? 
  another example are official development specifications which can go up to thousands of pages as per the client 's requirements . 
  since it 's an official document , its formatting has to be top-notch so you need the best tools in the field . 
  edit : since i 'm talking about formatting , the actual best tool is probably latex but that 's really only used by people writing peer review scientific articles which have ridiculously strict formatting standards . 
  actually a huge number of people contribute to the development of open-source stuff . 
  microsoft , surprisingly or not , is the top contributor in the linux os software development . 
  the problem for me , is not development , anyway . 
  linux , for example , is fine as it is . 
  the problem is that reorganizing your entire company for a software you do n't even really want and have no idea if it will cover all your business processes is a risky and probably stupid thing to do . 
  to put it simply , if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . 
  edit : sorry , microsoft is the top contributor on github for any kind of open-source stuff , not for the linux ~ ~ os ~ ~ kernel . 
  i got my facts a bit wrong . 
  they were a top linux kernel developer a while ago ( they probably still are , but not in the top 10 for sure ) . 
  the thing is that rolling out custom solutions sounds like extra money . 
  a good software industry also means its expensive as fuck . 
  cloud-based services were invented precisely because custom solutions like e ~ ~ s ~ ~ rp were expensive and companies wanted simpler sustainable services with a convenient pricing system like subscriptions . 
  it would be kind of bad to give up on all that . 
  as for the tools , it 's true that they can be learned quite easily . 
  yes , for the employee it is , but for the company as a whole it 's not as easy as uninstalling microsoft office and installing libreoffice and sending a notification to everyone . 
  you have to rewrite company policies , internal procedures , security restrictions , reorganize infrastructure resources like servers , dms , integrated applications with microsoft files and the list goes on . 
  you 'll end up with 95 % of your employees annoyed for a few months or years and they will become less productive or simply will leave the company . 
  why would you want that , of all things . . 
  please do n't simply suggest switching to linux and libreoffice/openoffice . 
  the technical implications for completely changing the infrastructure of a company from user and domain management , permissions , virtual machines etc are very high , and the bigger the company the harder it is .
