  as for office productivity software , many companies have such complex files written in microsoft word or excel ( or databases or exchange mail ) , that it is almost impossible not to lose data when converting them . 
  not to mention retraining of the personnel . 
  migration is a messy business . 
  although the tools are technically free , the maintenance costs will probably outweigh the cost of the paid software . 
  i once read an article about an austrian ( i think ) ministry which converted to open-source stuff and complained about the fact that it actually increased their costs and reduced the productivity even though their goal was to cut costs . 
  edit : found one : http://www.zdnet.com/article/after-a-10-year-linux-migration-munich-considers-switching-back-to-windows-and-office/ not sure if it was this one though . 
  uk probably makes the most out of corporate taxes . 
  wo n't the reduction significantly damage public services funding ? 
   both the horizontal and the product specific rules of origin are based to the extent possible on the standard eu rules . 
  however , for cars , textiles , fish and some agricultural/processed agricultural products canadian exporters would have had difficulties meeting the more stringent european rules . 
  a compromise in the form of rules of origin derogations for a limited quantity of exports exceptions for which a more relaxed rule applies ) was necessary . 
  in return , canada agrees to follow the eu rules for the products in question when this derogation quantity is exceeded . 
  in the case of textiles , reciprocal derogations providing for more relaxed rules of origin were also granted by canada to eu exports . 
  so eventually you 're gon na adapt to our standards anyway . 
   is it worth having gmo 's from canada in your food ? 
  quoting from the ceta summary :  for cars , textiles , fish and some agricultural/processed agricultural products canadian exporters would have had difficulties meeting the more stringent european rules . 
  a compromise in the form of rules of origin derogations for a limited quantity of exports ( exceptions for which a more relaxed rule applies ) was necessary . 
  in return , canada agrees to follow the eu rules for the products in question when this derogation quantity is exceeded . 
  so the gmos are most likely limited in numbers and , in the long term , canada will probably want to drop them too . 
  i believe high-quality food exports from the eu to canada , marketed correctly as eco/bio food , will shift the mentality of canadians to always buy healthy food and the industry will adapt . 
  it 's just a long-term process . 
   do you want a massive corporation from across the atlantic suing your government if my government does something retarded enough to ruin my life , i 'd sue them myself . 
  what people fail to see is that governments will also have the right to sue that massive corporation . 
  ceta will simply provide a dedicated court like the icj so that the process is faster , more transparent and where the tribunal staff actually know what they 're judging . 
   so certain countries within the eu would indeed benefit while others would be thrown under the bus but please tell me of any other deal similar to ceta where that would n't happen the eu itself is a giant conglomerate of trade deals . 
  if you want an example , google the eu milk quotas . 
  yeah , not that many people from the eu want a federalization similar to the us . 
  technically , eu citizens living in different countries are too different for a real federalization . 
  i think we 're fine the way we are , for now . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  the last time a referendum was made for a difficult economical and political decision , brexit happened . 
  ceta is as difficult to understand as a eu exit , and should never be subject to a referendum . 
  that 's why we have representative democracies : so that ( usually ) smarter people than us decide for us . 
  this feels so rushed . 
  i agree that , as a political battle , romania has won ( they used veto and won a lengthy battle for visas ) , but nobody seems to care about the actual agreement . 
  for example , agricultural agreements are pretty shady . 
  the eu worked incredibly hard to make agriculture around here as natural and ecological as possible , and support small farmers . 
  now we 're probably going to need to adapt to a lower-end . 
  incoming gm food , food overproduction , lowered prices , bankrupt small farmers etc. 
  the moment you say american and wine you realize something is wrong over there . 
  i 'm a programmer working on the cap payment system , so i can give a slightly informed opinion . 
  the high costs of high-quality agriculture and food industry do a lot of things : help subsistence agriculture , improve health of every consumer , ensure long-term sustainability for lands and animals , keep yields low to avoid overproduction and bankruptcy for farmers etc. 
  i agree that the level of bureaucracy is insane and there are far too many regulations . 
  but things like banning pesticides are really good and even though the purely economic consequences are negative , i want to know my food is healthy and i wo n't get cancer , rather than buying a crappy 4k tv which i 'll change in a few years anyway . 
  we should do whatever it takes to raise the quality of our food and help the environment sustain itself in the long term . 
  i say improve the regulations , simplify and optimize them , rather than dropping them altogether . 
  let 's not return to the stone age and randomly gather fruit in trees and hunt animals with arrows just because it 's unregulated and therefore simpler . 
  again , construction working is probably a poor example ( it probably is the negative part of the gdp , although foreign investors are attracted by extremely low salaries for workers ) . 
  what i mean by services is externalized services which gets a lot of money in the country : it development , financial audit , consultancy . 
  whether or not it 's bad growth , it 's how developed countries make money . 
  funding is a strange issue because our projects end up costing a lot of money because of very high project times . 
  every man-day costs money so even though the price per man-day is significantly lower , we sometimes end up paying more because the development time is too long . 
  it all went to shit after 2008 because there was a global financial crisis ; every developed country with heavy consumption had issues back then . 
  yes , but we sometimes still work our asses off and try to meet those deadlines , even if we do n't meet them . 
  a german construction worker , using better tools and techniques simply manages to work less for the same thing . 
  and their deadlines are usually less stressful and their funding is significantly higher . 
  anyway , construction working is probably a poor example for romania 's growth . 
  it 's most likely services that improved our gdp . 
  the thing is that getting warrants in the usa is significantly harder than the way our anticorruption department does , so the flashy arrests are fewer in numbers and much more restricted . 
  meanwhile , ours is like a weekly reality tv show . 
  what exactly are you talking about ? 
  well we work our asses off ; i believe it 's one of the european countries with the largest number of average weekly working hours and smallest number of free work days . 
  recent corruption fights and bureaucracy improvement has put people on edge a bit and they 've started taking their jobs more seriously , while making generally corrupt people a bit afraid of doing nasty stuff . 
  i would have liked to see a better process of fighting corruption , though ; i feel that right now it 's a bit too flashy and not precisely by-the-books . 
  to put it simply , it discourages investments in a highly unproductive but potentially great agricultural system . 
  it 's also not aligned with the free market system in the eu . 
  the law is meant to force foreign buyers to actually use the agricultural land they bought , rather than simply buying it and selling it later for simple real estate profit . 
  however , as it is right now , it would only keep the investors away . 
  i believe there are many other ways of making investors use the agricultural land , rather than this poorly thought out law . 
  that 's like for a 41k net income . 
  at around 2k euro net income , i thought of myself as a well-paid romanian . 
  now i do n't even know if our country is doing so bad or if it 's slowly turning into the usa regarding the difference between the richest and the poorest . 
  maybe they will . 
  however , the court will probably come to a settlement anyway ( if the court actually rules in favor of the eu ) . 
  nobody really wants not to sell us services in the eu . 
  why not simply not invoke it ? 
  my bet is that elections will be coming soon and some new party will appear , and they will say `` if we win , we will abolish brexit '' . 
  the same way ukip appeared . 
  then , if people really want no brexit , they will vote them and voila : a new referendum without it officially being one . 
  this though https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3vesivemfg8, 
   got it , fraud is worse than killing people . 
  capitalism . 
  that 's not poor journalism , that 's intentional misinformation considered a threat to national security , which is punishable by law . 
  there 's a big difference . 
  good , that potential law is completely retarded at so many levels . 
  i 'm thinking more and more of a world war every day , honestly . 
  i hate wars , but it seems that 's where we 're headed . 
  yep . 
  technically the eu ca n't really kick the uk out of the union and they also ca n't really sanction them too much if they stay either . 
  so if the uk does n't trigger article 50 , maybe nothing will happen , politicians will simply be mad at each other and citizens will be confused as fuck . 
  how in the world would anyone describe our fiscal system as loose policy is beyond me . 
  romania has one of the most unnecessarily complex , bureaucratic and ancient fiscal systems in the world . 
  it 's true that our fiscal administration has started a massive process of optimization , but we 're 5 or 10 years far from becoming a solid fiscal market . 
  the reason taxes were very high was because of austerity forced by the imf in order to pay back a huge loan , so it 's sort of a natural process to lower them , especially since local and general elections take or have taken place around this time . 
  let 's not forget that salaries are significantly low in our country and it has been very easy for even large companies to evade taxes and win shady contracts for years . 
  once people demand higher salaries and the legal system starts being more punishing , i 'm not sure we 're going to be able to sustain the growth because investors will simply look somewhere else . 
  the it sector is sort of in an economic bubble right now . 
  salaries are slowly but surely rising beyond the return on investment of the developers , both because the people ask for bigger salaries and because they are getting worse at their job . 
  the thing is that many hoped for the sterling to go back up after a few days of brexit aftershock . 
  now economists say that the low sterling price will stay there and the bank of england need to adjust some stuff .
