  no , they are simply banning politicians from making statements in a language that most of the population ca n't understand . 
  also , in here , politicians dabbling in ethnic nationalism is something that , rightly or wrongly , is seen as something extremely dangerous and likely to lead to bloodshed . 
  ( and , let 's be honest , a politician makings a campaign speech in anything but the official language is nothing but a veiled appeal to the idea that people should prefer him because of ethnic `` solidarity '' , which is pretty much the essence of ethnic nationalism . ), 
  did n't the blockade get lifted a few days ago ? 
  well one would expect the leaders of a separatist rebellion to wish ill to the empire which they are rebelling against . 
  iglesias on the other hand presumably wants to be the prime minister of spain . 
  to admit to willingly partaking in schemes designed to weaken the country seems like a strong evidence that his motives for seeking power are different than what he says thay are . 
  so , let me get this straight . 
  a few weeks ago a recording was leaked to the piblic , of a conversation , wherein former judge yaneva claimed that the prime minister personally insisted on her prosecution . 
  ( on account of her authorizing an extremely sketchy operation of state security , that for some reason involved bugging the interior ministry . 
  also , as far as i remember , the new government was quite unable to obtain state security 's files relating to the operation . 
  all in all really sketchy stuff . ), 
  so , now we have another recording leaked to the media wherein ms yaneva , which as we have already established has every reason to hate the prime minister , alleges he has committed crimes and what not . 
  both recordings are of phone conversations of her , but in both cases our good judge is practically monologuing . 
  i mean i if any of that was true , why does ms yaneva bother with that * leaking * nonsense ? 
  as of now the only reason i can see is to avoid being sued for slander . 
  i 'm not squirming my dear friend , i just want to know to know which insurance company is ran by people stupid enough to involve themselves with the government of the russian federation . 
  blame whatever you want , but expecting profit when dealing with that band of * subtle * , * cunning * and * brilliant * politicians has consistently proven itself to be a recipe for trouble . 
  quite frankly , the insurance company would probably be lucky if the damage amounts to just 3 billion . 
  when western governments give bribes , it 's just that if that involves fraudulent bonds it 's never so painfully obvious . 
  to have the bond issued less than a month before the president flees the country finding asylum in the country that now holds the bond makes things so obvious , that to expect that ( the western funded ) imf takes no action is just stupid . 
  like it or not you ca n't abuse the rules unless the guys that write tose same rules are ok with that . 
  one has to be exceedingly foolish to assume that the imf is n't going to alter it 's rules in response to such a clear abuse of those same rules . 
  especially since the whole case is so obviously an attempt to screw the people of a country , for the crime of wanting to ally themselves with the major sponsors of that same imf . 
  which bank was foolish enough to insure that kind of bond ? 
  though , interestingly enough , most capitalist economies seem to work just fine when the powers that be do n't implement such measures to promote `` social cohesion '' , and what have you . 
  certainly better than those where such measures are implemented . 
  i mean thatcher stabilized british society after a prolonged period of instability by slashing benefits , not caring about unemployment and making thousands of government workers redundant . 
  i ca n't think of any left wing ( or right wing for that matter ) populist who has ever managed to do that ( unless the country has oil and the price of oil is at a historical peak , but that is a rather uncommon set of circumstances ) . 
  and in quite a few countries those kind of `` social cohesion '' enhancing measures have managed to do the opposite in the long run . 
  most holders of ukrainian bonds do n't really seem to care about the whole thing , so whatever the consequences might be , they probably are n't very serious . 
  [ here ] ( http://russiapedia.rt.com/prominent-russians/politics-and-society/mikhail-khodorkovsky/ ) , have rt. 
  our corrupt oligarch was suddenly arrested six months after he dared speak of corruption . 
  all the while all the other corrupt oligarchs that never did were perfectly ok . or do you think that is just a coincidence . 
  and i 'm not saying that khodorkovsky has never conducted any crimes . 
  i 'm saying that under president putin the only `` crime '' that the russian authorities have never failed to prosecute is speaking out against corruption . 
  any politician who does it is immediately thrown away from mainstream politics . 
  any non-politician who dares do that faces repercussions . 
   if that was true , he would have become best friends with khodorkovsky . 
  it is good that you mention khodorkovsky , because the real details ( as opposed to the ones westerns have learned from the russian government 's pr ) behind his fall from grace point to putin being a greedy rather than power hungry . 
  khodorkovsky fell out with putin after he publicly spoke out against corruption . 
  and if you look trough russia 's history during putin 's rule you will see that this is the one crime he would never forgive . 
  evidence suggests that the present and former security apparatus ( including putin himself ) are into the whole thing in order to enrich themselves . 
  after all , a man surrounded by thief is most likely a thief himself . 
  furthermore , boris yeltsin and his closest oligarchs would n't select an honest and patriotic man to save them from prosecution , would they ? 
  thus i think you misunderstand the real purpose behind the fortune of the rotenberg brothers . 
  no matter how little he cares about the rotenbergs themselves the rotenbergs ' wealth is one of the most important things to vladimir putin . 
  as of now , because of his high profile position , its dangerous for the russian president to posses a large amount of riches by himself . 
  it is , on the other hand , much safer for him to transfer his money into various clients of his like the rotenberg brothers . 
  hence the wealth you see is n't really the wealth of arkady and boris rotenberg , but the wealth of vladimir putin , that he intends to claim once he ( one way or another ) is no longer president of russia . 
  edit : fixed a bunch of things . 
  the thing is he ca n't really coexist with an anti-corruption movement , either ( at least in the long term ) . 
  if he really starts giving them governors and other high government officials , they are going to start demanding rotenbergs and the like . 
  so who does the west fund ? 
  the communist ? 
  or `` just russia '' , a party that members of the kremlin 's pr team have admitted setting up ? 
  this should be what , ... the 5th russian pipeline project in the black sea region that went nowhere ? 
  `` there is a decent number of people on this sub that have at least cursory knowledge of turkish internal politics and thus know how ridiculous the original statement is . 
  '' , maybe ? 
  though i ca n't imagine how this can be interpreted negatively . 
   sorry to tell you but your country is now russia 's side plot . 
  do you honestly believe that the strategic importance of a country can be measured by it 's relevancy to some bizarre kind of ongoing plot line ? 
  not every corrupt politician is as corrupt as any other corrupt politician . 
  that 's might be true , but that does n't make it a reason to stop worrying for them . 
  edit : added some words, 
  very few europeans hate ordinary russians , most are simply angry at them , and there is a large difference between those 2 feelings . 
  and besides that i was n't asking europeans was i ? 
  are n't you afraid of what follows for your compatriots ? 
  they are lead by a cunning populist , that 's about the difference between russians and westerners . 
  30 years ago you 'd have heard people saying that eastern europeans are different , ready to suffer any sacrifice for the establishment of a global communist regime . 
  70 years ago people would have said the same things about germans and japanese , and before that you 'd have heard the same lies about germans again . 
  naturally imperialistic nations do n't exist . 
  that 's just the lie populists use to justify their actions ( because `` i took over that peninsula in order to make sure you are too busy with your nationalist chest beating to notice how much the strategic situation of russia has deteriorated under my mismanagement . '', 
  just would n't work ) . 
  it is also the lie the enemies of said populists use to dehumanize his footsoldier in front of their people . 
  it is a very convincing lie , that is very useful to many people , so it 's really popular . 
  that does n't make it true . 
  yeah , but how 's that going to affect ordinary russians ? 
  is n't that something worth being afraid of . 
  why do you think the nato planes kept cruising over the town until they ran out of fuel ? 
  whether you like it or not , nobody really intended to deny the dutch battalion air support . 
  everyone just hoped that the soldiers would surrender . 
  the dutch battalion surrendered , so the french hostages were ok , and everything was fine . 
  except for the 8000 bosnians , but who cares about them ? 
  so , giving up on people , just because they are foreigners is ok with you ? 
   they did n't choose their profession , they where forced to as we still had conscription . 
  are you sure ? 
  what do you imply ? 
  look , just because death seems certain , does n't mean it truly is . 
  the only reason why my country exists is because our men did n't give up when they had to resort to throwing rocks and dead bodies at enemy riflemen , for crying out loud . 
  do you really think the serbian blackmail would have continued to work if the soldiers in srebrenica continued fighting ? 
  sure . 
  but soon enough that french commander would have been overruled by a friench politician , who would have realized the consequences of hundreds of dutch soldiers dying heroically , betrayed by the french . 
  they have made the choice of their profession , have they not ? 
  if you do n't feel like perishing trying to defend thousands of innocent people from horrible death , even at seemingly impossible odds , then you have no business being soldiers . 
  and if thousands of people die , because one has made the wrong choice of career path , i think it 's fair for that one to suffer a punishment for this . 
  do n't you ? 
  you know about that air support the french withheld . 
  let me tell you something . 
  if the dutch troops informed the french and other air forces that they intended to fight and if necessary die in srebrenica they would have gotten air support , i assure you .
