  can you tell me more about your involvement in south stream , , not progressing , , - putin blamed you - there are others to blame with romanians , germans probably too and some others . 
  was n't following this in any capacity since it 's cancellation . 
  the reason why putin blamed us is most likely since there is a section of the population , that is thankfully getting smaller every year , that still falls on this man 's bullshit . 
   i think south stream was in your national interests - also it would generate money - so what changed on your side ? 
  you made deals with turks and americans ? 
  they promised you pipeline from caucasus ? 
  deals witz azeris or turkmen or promise that assad will fall and qatar pipeline will happen after all ? 
  an infringement procedure . 
  the last one costed quite a significant sum to the country and 2 of the 3 political parties in a governing coalition at that point in time would never recover from the loss of popularity they suffered . 
  ( though that was mostly because of how badly those parties were mismanaged . ), 
  also i 've seen enough evidence to say that the leadership of the russian federation would avoid making deals to a mutual benefit of both parties if it could . 
  ( trains loaded with gravy for the signatories of such agreements would undoubtedly be necessary ) . 
   i mean if you would go for it and putin/gazprom would see you are serious about south stream i doubt he will accuse you of hindering it - so there was probably some , , switch of sides , , from your side . 
  you are way too confident in the credibility of that man . 
   you do realize chairman of ec has no authority decide what is legal and what is not , right ? 
  so whatever he says , he 's just posturing . 
  because the european commission habitually starts infringement procedures without any legal basis for them . 
  [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/delyan_peevski ) was the person i was talking about and [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corporate_commercial_bank ) was practically his bank . 
  i never asked you to guess who went bankrupt , i wanted you to guess the reason why . 
  the right answer would have been that a train loaded with gravy would n't be arriving at their offices . 
   honestly never heard that someone said south stream was illegal ... crazy and idiotic claim ... you can see a link to barosso 's speech in my reply to another guy raising the same point as you . 
  and if you would disregard the chairman of the commission 's opinion on the matter as idiotic i would like to know why . 
   i think 250 million eur was mentioned - not 500 - 250 or 200 - it was in many articles and even putin \u00b4 s words - maybe i am wrong . 
  here it is , straight from the horse 's mouth : https://www.rt.com/business/210483-putin-russia-gas-turkey/ and honestly it would n't surprise me if he had said 250 million as well . 
  like i said , putin says a lot of things . 
  :d  who yours - bulgarian magnate/politician ? 
  have no idea who really i do n't understand the meaning of this sentence fragment . 
   south stream was illegal ? 
  who said that ? 
  :d the chairman of the european comission . 
  :d  wasn \u00b4 t putin laughing how stupid are bulgarians ? 
  yeah , he said we were expected to profit from the project for half a billion euros each year . 
  strangely enough nobody has been able to find any documents supporting that number , and mr. putin himself ... let 's just say he has been know to say a lot of things . 
  :d oh , and right after the project got canceled , what was pretty much the personal bank of a media magnate/politician went bankrupt . 
  would you like to guess why ? 
  i 'm not blaming merkel for the stopping of south stream . 
  i 'm confident that she planned to profit from the project the same way bulgarian politicians did . 
  my problem is with the current commission and it 's unwillingness to enforce it 's laws . 
   we have just launched an infringement procedure against bulgaria which shows that we mean business . 
  other infringements procedures related to other countries will follow if some of the obstacles to the respect of our internal market are not removed meanwhile . 
  [ jos\u00e9 manuel dur\u00e3o barroso , chairman of the european commission ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_speech-14-430_en.htm ) a few weeks later our government , fearing a repeat of the last infringement procedure halted work on the project . 
  but if you want to , tell us about the way the us vetoed the project . 
  i 'm particularly interested in the involvement of george soros . 
  well , if south stream was illegal why is nord stream 2 legal ? 
  because angela is envious of gerhard 's retirement fund ? 
  ( and they say eastern europe was corrupt . ), 
  when he died 6 years ago the net worth of ian cameron was 2.7 million pounds . 
  the total amount of money claimed to be connected to childhood friends of the president of russia would amount to 2 billion dollars . 
  even ignoring the passage of time , putin 's panama affairs should be at least 500 times as big of a deal as cameron 's , should they not ? 
   crimea wo n't rejoin ukraine . 
  ever . 
  or until the government of what we now know as russia experiences a total collapse . 
  ( which has happened twice in the last 100 years , so it 's not that inconceivable of an idea . 
  [ in fact senior officials in the presidential administration of the russian federation have claimed that the death of the current president would hail the end of russia . 
  ] ( http://www.themoscowtimes.com/mobile/news/article/no-putin-no-russia-says-kremlin-deputy-chief-of-staff/509981.html ) ) or do you doubt that lots of people who would normally want nothing to do with ukraine would suddenly change their minds , if staying with russia meant staying with a bankrupt , failing state ? 
  you do realize that we 're talking about thousands , probably tens of thousands of people ? 
  or do you think milosevic personally raped women and slaughtered villages ? 
  which is probably a good thing since there would be a lot more armenians around here , if turkey had never experienced the wonders of progressive nationalism . 
  conscription does n't usually involve kidnapping children . 
  and how do you intend to catch such a doctor ? 
  you ca n't just check the child to see if nothing unlawful has been done , he could always say that the circumcision must have happened after he did a checkup . 
  do you do a sting operation with circumcised babies ? 
  have a government inspector check the babies on the exit of the physician 's cabinet ? 
  and even then the parent could delay the operation until the child is , say 2 or 3 years of age , at which point children are not expected to get naked in front of medical professionals . 
   then that physicians will loose his license and be charged accordingly for obstructing the law . 
  how likely is it that law enforcement discovers the physician 's obstruction ? 
  you seem to be missing the point . 
  laws against child sexual abuse are difficult to enforce yet the situaton with them is so much more favorable than a potential law against circumcisson . 
  laws against circumcision are thus practically impossible to enforce . 
  or do you think a jewish physician will report people to the authorities for that ? 
  hell , even most ordinary physicians probably would n't do it , and the law enforcement agencies themselves will probably find it impossible to compel them to . 
  and even if they did , avoiding the atention of a country 's medical institutions is n't that difficult . 
  and finally , do you honestly believe that everything harmfulshould be proscribed , regardless of consequences . 
  let me remind you that this kind of thinking , as applied to opiates , is the major reason for the continued existence of modern organized crime . 
  need i remind you what happened when the americans tried to apply the same logic to alcohol . 
  you do realize that the only effect of that would be a more corrupt medical system , where patients with circumcision will only go to a sympathetic doctor who would n't report their crime . 
  and by the way child abuse is infact amongst the most difficult laws to enforce . 
  even though the victim of the crime may realize it 's been wronged and that there are others who would cooperate with law enforcement in the pursuit of justice ( like the family of the victim ) , most cases of sexual abuse of children that i hear of , would only become known decades after the fact . 
  the difference between domestic violence and circumcision is that in the case of circumcision the victim of the crime is exceedingly unlikely to cooperate with the authorities in any way , making the it practically impossible to enforce a law against it . 
  with domestic violence , at the very least there is some chance that the victim of the crime shall report it to the authorities . 
   although i have no idea what happened in this particular case [ according to the tva ] ( https://www.tva.com/about-tva/our-history ) itself they were founded by the government to improve the infrastructure of the region the company is named after . 
  huh , did n't know that . 
  i guess i was wrong then . 
  edit : though , does n't the tva provide some service to the public , like cheap electricity ? 
  i do n't really see any other reason for a government to own a utility company . 
  silly as it may be , my definition of civil servant seems , if nothing else than popular . 
  the tva , for example , would show up when you google `` highest paid federal employee '' ( amongst other interesting facts , for example the most highly paid pentagon official being the football coach , who also outearns the president . ), 
  gazprom-media is indirectly controlled by the russian government . 
  ( it is property of gazprombank which is itself property of gazprom . 
  the russian government owns more than half of gazprom 's shares . ), 
  most people would consider the ceo of such a company a de facto civil servant . 
  the article seems says pretty much the opposite , does it not ? 
  then how come the supply of gas from europe be so much more reliable than the one from russia ? 
  how is that relevant to the matter at hand ? 
  is the catholic church somehow opposed to women engaging in business ? 
  yes and no . 
  i can see where you are coming from , but at least here it 's usually sold to us as a measure to enforce some degree of conformity and reduce the level of alienation between ethnic groups , rather than having to do anything with the bulgarian people . 
  i do n't know if public opinion has changed recently but i do n't think i 've ever seen or heard anyone in bulgaria criticizing any turkish government 's handling of it 's kurdish separatism , so here 's that . 
  also as far as i can see around here most of the `` hardcore humanists '' ( or at least those i 've met ) here are strongly opposed to the idea of someone using ethnic identities for political gain . 
  let 's just say that some countries in the eu used to border yugoslavia , and the people in those countries naturally took note of the events that transpired there .
