  probably enough air support to destroy any tank in the vicinity of the enclave . 
  they might have held against the serbs for a long enough time to be relieved . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but the european court of human rights does n't prosecute cowardice . 
  if anything it ca n't impose the correct kind of punishment , can it ? 
  i 'm sorry but how does the lack of air support excuse the surrender of the dutch troops ? 
  armies fight without air support all the time . 
  in war , you do n't get to give up , just because the situation is too difficult . 
  small towns . 
  few know , fewer care . 
  you might see it in some `` in other news '' section , or some internet forum , but that 's about it . 
  to be honest in a really small town or a village posters and other campaign materials do n't really matter . 
  as you might expect campaigning there is much more personal . 
  so most of the posters you see are produced quite literally to waste money . 
  ( due to campaign law parties risk loosing their subsidies unless they spend a large enough amount of money on elections . 
  and while most parties do n't need to pay for ads and campaign materials in the locals , they do need them in the general elections . ), 
  as if normal voting is n't . 
  small town `` notables '' . 
  only the first 2 look gypsy-ish . 
  edit : and most seem to have been frozen in ice somewhere around 1999 . 
  at least from what i 've observed , it seems that the number of street dogs has been going down around here , so there really is n't any need to rush the process trough cruelty . 
   what about armenia ? 
  do they use sheer military force and subjugation to keep armenia in its sphere despite its friendly government ? 
  they do . 
  why do you think russia sells so much weapons to azerbaijan ? 
  because they are such a great allies to the armenians ? 
  to be fair the so called re-emergence of russia can plausibly be interpreted as the panicked response of the kremlin when faced with the possibility of a permanent decline . 
  if one just looks at a map of europe and makes note of which countries and territories have been under the control of forces friendly to russia and which of forces hostile to russia , one quickly reaches the conclusion that russia has never been in a worse position since the civil war . 
  washington suits or washington suit wannabes ? 
  i do n't think anyone in washington espouses the kind of conspirational , intrigue driven view towards international relations that strafor seems to have . 
  on the other hand russia has only 15 tos-1 systems . 
  if they are that problematic , they could easily be dealt with trough a ballistic missiles . 
  yeah sure , he 's just talking out of his ass . 
  [ in no way have apparatchiks of the moderately pro-russian bulgarian socialist party ever tried to influence public discourse . 
  ] ( https://bivol.bg/bsptrolls1.html ) ( sorry that the link is in bulgarian . 
  it 's rather difficult to find stuff about bulgarian internet forums in english . ), 
  it is illegal . 
  it 's just a peculiarity of the russian system that some of the things that are in practice crimes in that country are in the law books and some are not . 
  enforcement of the later usually happens trough various means like disposable gangs of neo-nazis , rather than the criminal justice system though . 
  if you believe that i have a bridge to sell you . 
  `` not many more than there usually were though '' ? 
  wtf ? 
  and during the last military coup in turkey there were no dissappearances and no executions i guess ? 
  and being the `` guardians '' of secular `` democracy '' , do you really believe they would have left the enemies of `` democracy '' alone ? 
   the fact is that erdogan used his followers as human shields , and that just shows what kind of person he is . 
  the kind of person who is well aware what will happen to his followers , if the putschists suceeded , perhaps ? 
  not to mention the great things that would have happened to the families of his followers . 
  sure thing !, 
  as we both know the best way to measure the intelligence and cunning of a politician is not to observe the situations he 's in and the way he handles them but instead to assume that since his favorite author is karl may he must be really , really stupid . 
  maybe even make fun of his stupidity for good measure . 
  seriously people , i know relying on prejudice is so much less mentally taxing , but please think !, 
  is he ? 
  is being overtly confrontational with the russians actually a good idea ? 
  i do n't believe i 've ever seen him do anything to further russia 's interests and quite a lot of times i 've seen him do actions that would have the opposite effect . 
  pretending that relations with the government of the russian federation while in practice being hostile to them seems to me to have many political and diplomatic benefits , most importantly making putin look like an unreasonably hostile person that constantly tries to screw the country . 
  meh , if japan , china and india were such lucrative trading partners , why did n't commercial ties between them and russia develop before the european sanctions ? 
  or are russian businessmen incompetent ? 
  how often have they been caught lying the last 5 years ? 
  so , can you name a russian government tv channel or a news agency that has consistently behaved in a manner as respectable as voa ? 
  ( and yes , voa is by no means an extremely subtle propaganda , but at least they behave with the minimum of decorum required to make sure people believe their stories . 
  which does put them miles ahead from anything russian produced i 've seen . ), 
  you misunderstand me . 
  i do not claim there was no propaganda under yeltsin . 
  i claim that unlike the propaganda of the current government the one under the former president was subtle , or at least not painfully obvious . 
  like it or not as of now rt has been completely ineffective at achieving any political goal , largely because of conforming to the stereotype of a propaganda channel to such an extent that self professed propaganda organisations like voa look more trustworthy . 
  and you may call the media owners under yeltsin `` oligarchs '' or what not , but unlike the bureaucrats that control modern russia 's tv channels they would have never allowed something as idiotic as the infamous `` parcel of land and 2 slaves '' or `` crucified kids '' on any respectable tv station they owned . 
   he 's being far too obvious for russia . 
  has there been any act of propaganda performed by any of the organs of the government of the russian federation that could ever be described as subtle ? 
  in particular any one that happened after the end of the presidency of b. yeltsin ? 
  uhm ...  but were thankfully foiled in ryazan, 
  when you mentioned the people in washington , i assumed you were talking about politicians and government workers rather than ordinary people , since not that many americans live in that city . 
  because so was i. 
   yes those people who think russia must be a scary looking superpower live in washington . 
  also brussels . 
  there are quite a few of them in warsaw , that 's for sure . 
  also riga , tallinn and vilnius . 
  there are quite a few of them in london from what i can see . 
  i can also bet there are some in berlin and paris . 
  ca n't speak for other countries since i 'm unfamiliar with past political situation in most countries but i 'm going to note that we 've had russophobes ( which seems to mean people who believe that those in power in russia invariably have the remarkable tendency to be utterly immoral men , rather than hatred of russians which would be the ussial meaning of a word siffixed with '' - phobia '' ) in sofia since 1885 . 
  the terrorists that bombed buynaksk , then moscow twice and then volgodonsk , but were thankfully foiled in ryazan ? 
  because the way russia reacted to the actions of those very terrorist has everything to do with why eastern european governments would want safety from those who rule that country . 
   it was not good for the rest of nato whose main interest was and is in decreasing tensions . 
  because having rather desperate and poor governments try to defend themselves from a militarily superior aggressor would be such a good outcome . 
  need i remind you what security policy your country had in the 1950s when maintaining a conventional army to deter the russians seemed too expensive . 
  i assure you , the moscow criterion is n't that difficult to fulfill , not to mention how well suited estonia is for placing missiles against another major population center . 
  the truth is that without nato the moment the russian government started behaving in the manner typical of russian governments , tensions would have been high enough to make the whole crisis with those missiles in cuba seem insignificant . 
  with russians , it 's sometimes hard to tell , who 's really with or against the government . 
  i 've seen claims that his russian newspaper exists in order to make the opposition look like out of touch intellectuals . 
  ( which is certainly the case with certain other `` anti-government '' media . 
  i mean who calls an anti-government news website `` snob '' ? 
  the problem 's obviously new republic . 
  why do they hate ideologically close formations so much ? 
  my problem with such statements is that unless one can define objective criteria for `` teaching people to think for themselves '' , it 's not clear that you are n't starting from a if you are n't creating facts to support your desired conclusion . 
  no tyrant can arise in a highly educated country , but if anyone points out a highly educated country where a tyrant has taken power , then their educational system fails to teach people to think for themselves . 
  as you can see , at this point nothing can refute the hypothesis , even if the correlation between the level of knowledge the population has and their commitment to democracy is completely nonexistent . 
  because nothing similar happened in the russian federation - a land where education has been a priority for generations . 
  there are american troops in germany right now . 
  do you think that 's reason enough for the americans to start accepting german refugees ? 
  right now ? 
  because the afghani army needs training and equipment . 
  it 's a dangerous world out there , especially for governments that were founded less than 20 years ago .
