  if i were a politician that has agreed to a corrupt scheme involving gazprom , i would do everything in my power to undermine the intelligence and counterintelligence agencies . 
  if i did n't they could reveal my corruption and throw me in jail . 
   the us spied on the german government , not just some perceived baddies within it . 
  are you sure ? 
  a head of government that is potentially unreliable or has concealed interests of his own , sounds like a good reason to begin gathering intelligence . 
   but you 'd also expect the intelligence agencies of the countries that the us is spying on to act against it . 
    the us is n't spying on germany for the benefit of germany , it is spying on germany for the benefit of the us , and that may be used to hurt germany . 
  germany should not allow that , people in germany should be pissed off if the german government does n't do something about it . . look , a government that is at least to some degree beholden to hostile foreign interests is a far greater problem than a government being spied on by allies . 
  getting pissed off because of the smaller problem rather than the bigger one is simply foolish . 
  because of the way those two problems interact with each other , trying to solve the smaller problem , before solving the smaller one will probably make the bigger one worse . 
  look i 'm saying there is a state , that has twice attacked two nations because they tried to join alliances . 
  the first time it was an alliance where germany is a member ( nato ) , the second an alliance where germany is considered a leader ( the eu ) . 
  if this is not a strong proof that this state is hostile to the german state and its people , i do n't know what does . 
  a politician ties his financial wellbeing to that state is far less likely to care more about germany and its people than a foreign government that has tied its own fate to germany trough a number of alliances , including a military one . 
  it 's simply that those that receive money from those that do n't wish you well are highly unlikely to work for your well being . 
  simple as that . 
  edit : managed to mess up posting my reply . 
  the internet where i am currently is kind of bad . 
   it means that they have some joint interests , not that there is significant overlap in their interests . 
  i 'd point out that they compete in essentially every area and that obviously the us and germany have respective interests in promoting their own industries , services , ideals ideas and so on . 
  why would n't the us be interested in a strong german economy and vice versa . 
  a strong german economic performance wo n't hurt the us economy and will in many ways benefit it . 
  as for ideas i do n't see the ideologies promoted by the us as too distinct from those promoted by germany . 
   which is absolutely absurd ... 
  the interests of the us were those of the us they may , or may not have overlapped with the interests of germany , but i would be willing to bet that any advantage sought would have been for the us to the detriment of germany . . 
  i simply do n't see why you 'd bet on that . 
  no country is interested in having weak allies , so they will mostly restrain themselves from acting to an ally 's detriment . 
  on the other hand corruption , is the use of money , given directly or indirectly , in order to persuade a politician to do something he would not do otherwise . 
  and if you believe that in a democracy politicians usually defend their people 's interest , corruption is likely a means to persuade a politician to act against the interests of his people . 
  the us and germany are generally considered to be allied nations . 
  that means there is significant overlap between the interests of the german people and the interests of the american people . 
  what i 'm simply pointing out is that at the point when the spying is thought to have begun , that overlap might have been greater than the overlap between the interests of the german chancellor and the circle of people around him and the interests of the german people . 
  edit : fixed the repetition in the last sentence . 
  the proposition that the german government spied entirely to the benefit of the us shounds pretty implausible to me . 
  as of the 5 eyes , i suspect the reason why the us would not agree on an intelligence sharing treaty with germany would be a major source of embarrassment to a certain party in the governing coalition ( to be even more obvious , i 'm going to say i do n't mean the cdu ) . 
  if german politicians lie about the matter , that is the major reason why they do it . 
  well , i would n't say putinists , but i would definitely believe an allied , foreign government would defend the people 's interest better than a domestic corrupt politician . 
  and to do that effectively it should spy on the corrupt politician in question , if only to know who bought him . 
  though , admittedly i imagine the politicians one would describe as putinists are mostly quite corrupt . 
  edit : just to make sure what i 'm saying is entirely correct , an allied government wo n't always care more for the good of the people of a coutry than a corrupt politician . 
  it does depend on how strong the alliance is and whose money the politician would accept . 
  but when a politician would get a job from a regime that repeatedly attacks countries because they wish to join in an alliance with germany and her allies , the interests of the german people definitely wo n't be served by such a man . 
  well , i asked you because you directed me to your other replies . 
  and yes it is an assumption . 
  but considering the german government has been caught teaming up with the americans to spy on britain and france , while being spied on by the americans itself , i think it is a pretty safe assumption to make that the german government spies in the us , probably with the help of britain and france . 
  it 's just that for most governments spying is not a hostile act in itself . 
  after all , would n't nations be better friends if they knew each other 's secrets ? 
  they share intelligence when it is in their interest to have a particular piece of intelligence be shared and withhold it when it is in their interest to have a particular piece of intelligence be withheld . 
  they also gather intelligence on the us when it is in their interest to have a particular piece of information about the us that the us government does not want to share . 
  that 's the way it has always been . 
  and even if the fates of the us and germany were intertwined to such an extend that everything that is in the united states ' interest is also in the interest of germany and vice versa , should the germans believe that every single us government will act in its people 's interest ? 
  should the americans believe the same ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  edit : clarified some things . 
  i do n't see what in your replies refutes my point . 
  can you direct me to those that , you think , do ? 
  so the us would have started spying on steinmeier when he was chief of staff of the former chancellor gerhard schr\u00f6der . 
  soon after retiring from the post mr schr\u00f6der would become the chairman of the board of nord stream ag , a subsidary of oao gazprom . 
  it is reasonable to assume that the former chancellor was well aware of the position that awaited him upon retirement . 
  it is also reasonable to assume that information has passed trough his chief of staff . 
  i do think that it would highly important for the us to know if the chief of the german government has a nice job awaiting him in gazprom , of all companies . 
  i also highly suspect that the us government might be far more concerned with the interest of europe and the interest of germany than a german government led by such a man . 
  do you honestly believe they do n't know whats going on ? 
  the reason why the german government is n't doing anything is because either they are already spying on the american government or they are trying really hard to spy on the american government . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  yet you should be equally as confident that if it could , it would spy on both . 
  my point still stands , though . 
  nobody can truly be independent from those that determine their salary . 
  i have no idea of the the details of this affair , but the way i see it , the troika is not at fault for stopping the government from exercising control over those salaries , but for agreeing to the government having power over them in the first place . 
  so , according to varoufakis , an agency is supposed to be independent from the government , while the government controls the salaries of the people who work there ? 
  really ? 
  well , an important feature of the russian system , is that it deliberately tries to turn most people into criminals . 
  the reason being that the government has far more power over criminals than it has upon law abiding people . 
  the most obvious example of how it works is the draft system . 
  trough the systematic abuse to conscripts , affectionately known as `` dedovshchina '' , russian draftees experience the wonders of physical and even sexual abuse . 
  since those are wonders few would like to experience , russians do everything they can to avoid it . 
  the usual way it 's done is by bribing either the recruitment office or a doctor , both of which are obviously illegal . 
  i was under the impression that they are also very good at the federal level as well , though . 
  unlike executives , politicians have enough incentive not to mistreat their employees . 
  us code , title 5 , section 7311 deprives civil servants ' trade unions from any leverage whatsoever . 
  though as i noted in my response to another similar question it applies only to employees of the central government . 
  because they could get anything trough a strike . 
  as a rule for a politician the major distribution caused by a strike would be his problem , the red on the government 's balance sheets is his successor 's problem . 
  and if there is anything that politicians love , it 's dodging responsibility . 
  edit : and considering how reagan 's handling of the strike is generally held in high regard , i doubt any politician after him would ignore the law . 
  well it does say a fine , imprisonment for a year or both so it 's not like you can strike without consequences . 
  furthermore , i 'm pretty sure that section 7311 forces the government to terminate your employment when you strike . 
  as far as i know , taft-hartley bans people who assert that they have the right to strike from being civil servants . 
  edit : i found it . 
  usc titie 5 section 7311 : `` an individual may not accept or hold a position in the government of the united states or the government of the district of columbia if he -- ... ( 3 ) participates in a strike , or asserts the right to strike , against the government of the united states or the government of the district of columbia ; or ( 4 ) is a member of an organization of employees of the government of the united states or of individuals employed by the government of the district of columbia that he knows asserts the right to strike against the government of the united states or the government of the district of columbia . '', 
  it looks like it does not apply to the entire civil service , only to the central government 's employees . 
  does n't taft -- hartley severely reduce civil servants ' collective bargaining power ? 
  people are n't dumb . 
  and the idea that the prime minister of the country will deceive his people just to score some cheap political points , when the deception will be revealed before the end of the month , is quite frankly so absurd that you have to be a bit dumb to consider it . 
  yet far more is at stake than the money lent to greece . 
   as for coe ... none of their bussiness . 
  you do realise this is the to go phrase apologists for latin american dictatorships use to deflect criticism . 
  south stream did n't happen because it would have costed billions to the country . 
  and we are a country small enough that almost no political party would have survived spending billions to please v. putin , a. miller and the local large scale criminals . 
   ok thanks .
