  i do n't think you should be using a website founded for the purpose of , for the lack of a better phrase , the spreading of deception and misinformation . 
  because he is a glorified pr agent with regular access to the president . 
  there are many benefits in having a man to call your own in putin 's royal court . 
  people are getting increasingly wary of an infamously corrupt church . 
  so , the hfsf has $ 50bn worth of funds and yet it 's outrageous its management gets paid $ 18,000 a month . 
  it might be just me , but i highly doubt that those in charge of $ 50bn will ever earn less than $ 18,000 , regardless of what their official salary is . 
  furthermore regardless of what their salaries are cutting them almost by half will probably lead to an increase in their revenues at your expense . 
  well , what other options are there ? 
  the president ca n't be removed . 
  the way the political system has been set up , you are likely going to end up wrecking the whole country , if you even try . 
  diplomacy does n't seem to work . 
  in fact , it seems that trying to accommodate your country 's leadership 's concerns and even attempting to maintain decent relations with them is interpreted as little more than a sign of weakness . 
  and ignoring problems never really works . 
  all in all , right now , it is far better for everyone if the country just slowly declined . 
  probably even for the russian people , unfortunately . 
  did n't you have a german flair a few days ago ? 
   ukraine has only symbolic support from outside . 
  no it does n't . 
  it has as much support as it requires , no more no less . 
  the reason why they only get token support nowadays is that they the war is actually going on pretty well for them strategically . 
  the russians have been contained in crimea and the donbass . 
  the only thing ukraine lost there was rinat akhmetov 's hugely subsidized mining industry and the bulk of its most feverently pro-russian population . 
  they are better off without both . 
  the russians could never reach valuable regions like kharkiv and dnepropetrovsk and that is all that matters , at least in washington and the european capitals . 
  so they have no desire to destabilize a situation that is already going in an acceptable direction . 
   so what are the reasons it would be harder for putin to support a puppet ? 
  he really ca n't justify the sacrifice of men . 
  when his people figure out that the imperial glory of russia will bring them nothing , he wo n't be able to draft men to fight without significant unrest . 
  he has little industry . 
  the soviet union at least tried to industrialize . 
  he on the other hand was not bothered by deindustrialization . 
  thus he is far more dependent on trade than the soviets ever were . 
  he ca n't afford to piss off too many of his customers or suppliers , or he risks getting terrible deals from his remaining trade partners . 
  and finally and most importantly , the domestic piece in russia is maintained trough a rather delicate balance of separate factions and forces . 
  if the central government is weakened by spending too much resources on an occupation that balance shall be disturbed . 
  to illustrate my point , a few months ago , when russia was most active in ukraine , relations with the western world were at their lowest and the economic indicators did n't look good , the president of chechnya realized he could behave with utter impunity and putin wo n't do anything about it . 
  last time i read something about him , he had ordered that federal law enforcement officers , that enter his domain without his blessing , be shot . 
  i see i was wrong about the territory , but afghanistan 's population in 1989 was 12.4 million when the war ended and even lower before that . 
  and there are many reasons why it would be much harder for putin to support a puppet , compared to the soviets . 
  the soviet union , which was significantly more powerful than the modern russian federation , could n't support a puppet government that was already in power in afghanistan . 
  need i remind you , ukraine is a much larger country than afghanistan , both in terms of population and landmass . 
  yet what was she supposed to do instead ? 
  continue to stick to a system that was n't going anywhere good and yet was very capable of resisting the reforms that would could have fixed it ( as conservative and labour governments that preceeded her would testify ) . 
  that is the reason why nobody is going to reverse her actions . 
  so it 's an ordinary thing to claim , that there is a grand conspiracy to deceive us that 2 successive governments ( one of them a left wing pro-union one ) collapsed because of labour unrest and make it look like high inflation and unemployment are bad . 
  really ? 
  are you suggesting that there is some kind of conspiracy afoot , to falsify or misinterpret the economic and political history of great britain ? 
  that is a pretty extraordinary claim . 
  are they though ? 
  last time nalvany was allowed to run in an election , the same polling organization that publishes putin 's ratings managed to underestimate nalvany 's support by a modest 20 percent . 
  but i thought united russia 's approval ratings were the highest ever and nalvany was pretty much a nobody . 
  was she though ? 
  i was under the impression that the entire post war economic system was pretty much collapsing at the time she went into power . 
  the whole new russian project appears to be dead . 
  strelkov , borodai and the whole merry red-orthodox gang has been hastily expelled from their people 's republics . 
  i remember seeing dugin and prokhanov bitchig about the kremlin ignoring them a while back . 
  i think dugin even dared to criticize the president . 
  and now this . 
  i feel like six months ago the trial would have ended with an acquittal at best . 
  i have to ask , have the national socialists fallen out of grace ? 
  by supporters of the germans ? 
  according to every article that says anything about that , the republic was formed by kerensky 's authorisation , and only turned to the germans ( and latter the poles ) when it started to get overrun by the bolsheviks . 
  edit : for example here : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukrainian_soviet_socialist_republic  after the russian revolution of 1917 , several factions sought to create an independent ukrainian state , alternately cooperating and struggling against each other . 
  numerous more or less socialist-oriented factions participated in the formation of the ukrainian national republic ( unr ) among which were bolsheviks , mensheviks , socialists-revolutionaries , and many others . 
  ...  the bolsheviks boycotted any government initiatives most of the time , instigating several armed riots in order to establish the soviet power without any intent for consensus . 
  ...  immediately after the october revolution in petrograd , bolsheviks instigated the kiev bolshevik uprising to support the revolution and secure kiev . 
  due to a lack of adequate support from the local population and anti-revolutionary central rada , however , the kiev bolshevik group split . 
  most moved to kharkiv and received the support of the eastern ukrainian cities and industrial centers . 
  ...  the bolsheviks convened a separate congress and declared the first soviet republic of ukraine on 24 december 1917 claiming the central rada and its supporters outlaws that need to be eradicated . 
  warfare ensued against the ukrainian national republic ( unr ) for the installation of the soviet regime in the country and with the direct support from soviet russia the ukrainian national forces were practically overran . 
  the government of ukraine appealed to foreign capitalists , finding the support in the face of the central powers as the others refused to recognise it . 
  i really do n't see what supports that claim . 
  according to the wiki the ukrainian ssr was founded after an uprising/coup attempt by the bolshevics against the central council that ruled the people 's republic failed to find much popular support . 
  no i do n't . 
  thats why asked you a question that is supposed to clarify the meaning of your post . 
  the successor of what ? 
  the russian empire ? 
  i do n't understand what you are talking about . 
  it 's just the way turmoil changes people . 
  few russians identified with the russian empire before 1989 . 
  figuring out that your friends have never truly been your friends is bound to change the way you perceive yourself . 
  so , let me get this straight . 
  as far as i remember , the latvian state gained it 's independence after the collapse of the russian empire . 
  soon after that its government was driven away by the soviets and a new government was installed by a group of russian and latvian communists . 
  the ukrainian people 's republic gained it 's independence in the events following the collapse of the russian empire . 
  it was then soon conquered by the red army and a new government was installed by russian and ukrainian communists . 
  yet only one of those was occupied by the ussr ? 
  he should worry about them a lot , considering his supply line to them has been cut off . 
   well part of the intelligence industry is private . 
  hired by capitalist . 
  i am not jumpy for more corporate power . 
  uhm , private intelligence gathering has been massively overshadowed by government intelligence gathering in every european state , since the end of the roman republic . 
   and i 'm not disagreeing with you that intelligence services in germany or the us should be interested in russia and potential russian intervention or operations in europe ... 
  i 'm sure germany and the us ( and others ) are cooperating in their intelligence and other operations . 
  unlike many in other fields , in espionage cooperation does not always enhance performance . 
   well , it certainly shows some hostility and it may of course be acting counter to german interests . 
  `` may '' ?!, 
   when it comes to internal security threats , the german government should be in a position to deal with them . 
  not even the mightiest empires in human history have been able to deal with every single threat that arises agains them . 
   germany has working intelligence and security agencies , this is what they are there for if they ca n't do it , the german population should be very pissed off , because it leaves germany open to attack and infiltration ( including from the russians . . ) .
