  why are there even asylum-seekers from afghanistan ? 
  is ashraf ghani that evil ? 
  are there major population centers in the country that are n't under his control ? 
   spreading and enforcing our ( correct ) morals means less people in the world will be subject to horrible treatment . 
  it 's a victory for every decent person , of which , most french are . 
  how does refusing to wear a headscarf achieve any of this ? 
  by persuading the guy that no accommodation can be had with the western world , so that he campaigns against western ngos and actual methods to achieve positive change ? 
  are you incapable of comprehending the thought processes of other people ? 
  are you under the delusion that he 's going to give up his dearly held beliefs on the appropriate position of women , just because women in a distant country refuse to wear headscarves ? 
   when france and german engage in discussions , that 's diplomacy . 
  neither france nor germany are abhorrent people . 
  well , unless france and germany are willing to start a crusade to impose democracy on the world they will have to work with abhorent countries . 
  or are you under the impression that if they leave the world alone , the world 's going to leave them alone ? 
   you do not need , and often should not need , to tolerate abhorrent people . 
  are you under the impression that the free nations can take on the whole rest of the world ? 
  really ? 
  what is there for france to gain by proudly refusing to abide by the man 's sexist custom ? 
  and is n't diplomacy is the art of making abhorrent people like you ? 
   can not possibly be correct if your definition of autocratic democracy sustains opressive policies . 
  it literally means significant power rests in one man . 
  how oppressive the government is depends entirely on that man . 
  in democracy by definition the level of oppression is based on the feelings of the people ( where `` the people '' can differ by the cultural environment of the country ) . 
   my personal opinion wo n't affect the facts . 
  if you allow for a portion of your population to be disenfranchised based on things they have no control over , you are not living in a representative democracy . 
  well , all the black people in america could have moved to another state , could n't they ? 
  nobody is forcing you to stay in mississippi . 
  oh , right that 's practically impossible for a lot of poor folk . 
  as is staying within the confines of the law for many . 
   the us funded american expansion into indian territories in the west because they were n't us citizens and had no protection . 
  you ca n't speculate on whether the california gold rush or the trail of tears would have happened had indians been a recognized voting base in the us , because they simply were n't . 
  because , before the very successful campaigns against them , the indian tribes were considered more or less sovereign states . 
  thus i would n't include them in the list of american minorities that should be given the right to vote . 
  look , if we have to follow your definition of democracy , the first democracies were created at the start of the twentieth century . 
  i 'm just pointing out that the whole thing would lead to situations that most people would find absurd . 
  and my last point was that , since we 're arguing whether democratic states are inherently more humane than less democratic ones , even if you consider the pre-1965 voting rights act us an oligarchy , given that most would consider this to be an extraordinary claim , you should be able to prove that the us would have treated the native americans better , were women and minorities allowed to vote . 
  so , if women voting and minorities voting and all that is a prerequisite for a democracy , how old is the oldest major democratic state in the world ? 
  80 years ? 
  is the us now democratic , with their felony disenfranchisement laws ? 
  what is the treshold of democracy ? 
  99 % of the people voting ? 
  when churchill said that thing about democracy being the best government tried , i mean how could he have said it . 
  the uk had been democratic only since 1918 ( since i assume ignoring over half the population means the country is not democratic ) ? 
  how could he say that for a system of government they only started trying out 20 years ago ? 
  you see where i 'm going . 
  if you want to you can fiddle with the deffinition of democracy untill any state that has practiced ethnic cleansing is undemocratic . 
  unless you can prove that allowing black people and women to vote would have prevented ethnic cleansing of the indians , i do n't see why anyone should care . 
  yes , and i 'm pointing out that the conduct of the countries i gave is nothing like the german one in both their attempts at gaining hegemony over the world . 
  like it or not , i and i think most people would see nothing wrong with a state seeking power over its rivals , provided that this state is not in any way worse than them . 
  edit : to clarify imperial germany is abhored not because it tried to dominate france and russia , but because it would do anything to achieve that . 
  nazi germany is abhorred because they tried to impose their abhorrent government on the rest of the world . 
  napoleon did try to conquer nations , but you 'd be hard pressed to find anyone who considers him worse than the coalition . 
  ergo , by conventional morality it 's not wrong to seek power , unless you are a man of questionable morals yourself . 
  does that imply you do n't recognize the existence of most african nations ? 
  those countries were evidently great and powerful nations , without peers in their time . 
  they both had a system where the popular power was technically supreme but an aristocratic council ( the lords in the uk , the senate in rome ) held significant power as well and could , for a long portion of those nations history act as a check on the people . 
  they both had powerful executive officials that could pass what effectively amnounted to legislation on their own . 
  both of them suffered significant adverse effects as they made their systems of government more democratic ( in rome civil wars followed by tyranny , and in britain which i guess was luckier the loss of the empire ) . 
  both were relatively free and liberal given the time and age they operated in . 
  i think it should be plain how this can lead to the conclusion that , there is a tendency for democratic states to be free and powerful , when all power does n't rest with the people , and that trying to give more power to the people than they already have is dangerous to both power and liberty . 
  ethically both did manage to be as good as , if not better , than the pure democracies of the era , while being significantly more powerful . 
  i do n't see why anyone would have a problem with that . 
  has any democracy of those eras been any better ? 
  seriously , what can you say for the british that 's not true for the united states ? 
  slavery ? 
  conquest ? 
  the british controlled a quarter of the globe , the americans had in their hands the fate of only one native nation - the indians and they conducted one of the most successful campaigns of ethnic cleansing of the era . 
  and the democracies of antiquity were also just as genocidal as the romans , if not more so , but i do n't think i am familiar enough with the history of that period to quote examples on the top of my head . 
  if you judge the people of the past by the standards of the present , of course they 'd fail to measure up . 
  both practiced slavery whenever every democracy of their time did as well . 
  for that matter the second one abolished that institution . 
  that 's actually not true . 
  it has been observed that systems which combine democracy , aristocracy and autocratic rule are more likely to lead a nation into greatness as well as preserve the liberty of citizens than democratic countries ( think british empire , roman republic ) . 
  unfortunately those usually collapse as people begin to strive to make their government more democratic . 
  he did write textbooks for russian military academies , did n't he ? 
  perhaps the major reason you 'd consider him unimportant is because you 're not a army officer ? 
  where did this happen ? 
  do russian sanitary laws exist to protect consumers or to ensure everyone runs a foul of them ? 
  because i 've seen ample evidence that in russia many laws are made so the powers that be always have a legal reason to do what they want . 
  when they would ban some latvian foodstuff or something , the excuse is some pretty arbitrary clause of russian hygiene law . 
   i 'd say the denazification of germany did work out pretty well . 
  also thanks to censorship . 
  or more likely because of the clear demonstration of national socialism 's faults on the field of battle . 
  the independent caused by people reading news for validation , not information , study finds . 
  my point was that a government run fire department may not care about your tax payments but the government itself does . 
  and if you do n't to pay those you can suffer what i 'd consider way worse than property damage ( though i can see why some could see it differently ) , so i do n't see the problem with that american county 's system . 
  i suspect security guards do n't usually stop theft unless they get paid as well . 
  similarly most physicians do n't accept patients unless they have either money or the proper paperwork showing that the government will be paying for the procedures . 
  not really , it 's just that while there are liars who are n't pro-russian it 's hard to find pro-russian mass media that does n't publish lies of the most ridiculous kind . 
  or should i remind that according to russian * state * tv ukraine practices slavery and crucifixions ? 
  strategically , that 's obviously the case . 
  i guess you can claim the economy 's better but how much of that is due to the president can be debated for ages . 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  russia 's sphere of influence keeps shrinking and ever since putin came into power there has been a persistent tendency for friendly states to become rivals which then become enemies . 
  strategically , russia 's situation was better under yeltsin , and yeltsin was a drunk . 
  were the tanks in the coup exclusively leopards . 
  because as far as i remember the turkish army had a lot of pattons as well , and those are ancient enough to the point where something like that could work . 
  i know most will disagree , but i 'm the court systems in most of eastern europe are pretty much undemocratic oligarchies . 
  an ex-attorney general once mentioned that that he 's accountable only to god and in bulgaria the worst abuses of power in the last 5 years have one been connected with the attorney general 's office . 
  a change towards uk-style parliamentary supremacy would be a major improvement , however may it be achieved . 
  at the very least the courts will probably stop writing decisions that violate the european convention on human rights , because they do that quite often right now and the government has to pay for the inevitable fines .
