  unless we can switch our economy model to produce more high-added value products , we wo n't be escaping the middle income trap either . 
  it 's gon na be interesting to see whether we or other cee countries will manage to do it . 
  personally i 'm also a bit sceptical about it , but we 'll see . 
  i thought it was n't yet decided what to spend the surplus on . 
  afaik the governmental parties are still arguing over where to spend the money . 
  but anyway , yeah , in general i would like to see us investing more into research and development . 
  plus i would like to see some steps to limit the amount of capital that is being taken away from the country in the form of dividents . 
  it 's huge amount of money , even in the cee terms , we 're one of the countries that is being the most affected by this . 
  but obviously , it 's easier said than done . 
  the past two years were good , but let 's not get cocky , ok ? 
  we do n't know what the developments in the world economy will be like in the next few years and as an open economy , we 're pretty vulnerable to that . 
  if we want a really solid , long-term growth potentional , than we need to invest more into research , development and education . 
  otherwise we 'll be hitting the limits of our current economic model pretty soon . 
   eastern europe is often portrayed in a negative light in the films and the media when it comes to corruption etc. 
  well you know , `` eastern europe '' as it 's mostly understood in the world is a big place . 
  i would have guessed that in india , anything east of germany is eastern europe to you , right ? 
  so then you have estonia , czech republic , slovenia ( which are arguably already relatively developed countries ) in the same basket as ukraine or moldova , where the corruption is indeed rampant ( even the daily-life corruption ) . 
  so i 'm not surprised that you have this stereotype about eastern europe in india . 
  it 's not completely inaccurate , it just does not represent well all the countries in the eastern europe . 
  that 's why many czechs/estonians/latvians / lithuanians/slovenians do n't even want to call ourselves eastern europe , instead we refer to ourselves as either central europe ( in the case of the czech republic ) or northern europe ( in the case of the baltics ) . 
  unfortunately i have not visited . 
  i would like to , but to be completely honest , i 'm not quite sure how safe india would be for a single young european female , specially since i have really pale skin and fair hair . 
  there is no pure charity within the eu on the political level . 
  yes , eu countries do help other eu countries , but this is motivated by the fact that it is beneficial for everyone , including the countries that pay more into the budget than what they get . 
  it 's not altruistic help . 
  in my country , it certainly is one of the most popular games and many kids play it , also because it 's relatively cheap for the parents to finance this kind of sport activity , compared to say , tennis , or ice hockey , which are both also very popular here . 
  hooliganism in the czech republic is way more prevalent among the fans of specific football teams in the top czech league , not among the fans of the national team . 
  not very prevalent . 
  according to [ eurostat ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/4/42/population_aged_20%e2%80%9324_having_completed_at_least_upper_secondary_education_%28isced_3%29%2c_by_sex_and_country%2c_2015_%28%25%29.png ) 90.4 % of the czech population completed at least upper secondary education . 
  relative poverty ( compared to the median wage in the country ) is at 14,8 % - the [ lowest ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/f/f2/at-risk-of_poverty_or_social_exclusion_rate%2c_2013_and_2014.png ) in the eu . 
  however there is a quite a lot of people , specionally pensioners , who balance just above the poverty line , so the statistics look a bit better than what the reality is . 
  there is little corruption in the daily lifes of ordinary citizens . 
  for example it 's definitely not common for the regular citizens to bribe policemen or whatever other local authorities in order to either get out of some trouble or get some preferential treatment . 
  however there certainly is corruption in the high-level of politics . 
  how much ? 
  that 's difficult to say , because it 's simply not possible to measure corruption in a reliable manner . 
  corruption indexes imho are quite unreliable , since all they measure are perceptions . 
  still i 'd say it 's safe to say that we have more corruption than our western european counterparts . 
  we 're doing some progress in that , the situation is certainly better than it was in the 90s and early 00s , however we still have a long way to go . 
  for us i 'd say it 's still better to deal with misbehaving hungary within the union than with misbehaving hungary outside of the union . 
  there is no formal legal procedure for that . 
  and even if there was , orb\u00e1n is n't in the eu just because of the funds . 
  he knows that eu membership gives him more relevance/influence at the world stage . 
  he also knows that while putin 's russia might be ideologically closer to hungary , it 's still other eu countries which are hungary 's main trading partners , so leaving the union would simply not be beneficial for hungary , even without the eu funds . 
  orb\u00e1n is a pragmatist , he might be using ideology to score political points with the hungarian people , but he would n't try to damage hungary 's economic interests this deeply . 
  plus hungarian society is not really in favour of leaving the union in the first place , so there 's really zero reasons for orb\u00e1n to try to do that . 
  omg slovenia , pls annex us , we are suffering here with [ this ] ( http://img.blesk.cz/img/1/normal620/2369699_prezident-milos-zeman-rybnik-clun-vysocina-dovolena-veselsky-rybnik.jpg ) while you have such a likeable president . 
  or could we perhaps at least lease him part-time ? 
  yeah , i get that dealing with immigration authorities can be difficult . 
  i was more so talking about people 's attitudes , who i think would mostly happily exchange islamist turks for liberal turks , not about the attitudes of immigration officers . 
  if it makes you feel any better though , my country 's education ministry specifically asked our unis to try to find some vacancies for turkish academics who were fired during the purges and they promised to do so . 
  it 's not large numbers , since we 're not a big target of turkish immigrants in the first place . 
  plus obviously teaching positions at universities are limited . 
  i 'm not sure whether erdogan will let them leave the country though , afaik he issued some ban on traveling academics . 
  this is the thing with turkish immigrants in europe ... they 're often more conservative than turks living in turkey . 
  it would be great if we could do one-for-one exchange . 
  send us one secular , liberal-minded turk and we 'll send you back one conservatively-islamist turk . 
  i suppose with their views and attitudes , they should love it in erdogan 's turkey . 
  thanks . 
  it 's similar here , the anti-corruption ngos also get some money from open society institute . 
  they even get funding directly from western embassies , including the us embassy . 
  i 'm wondering whether this will continue when trump becomes the president , but i would n't be surprised if not . 
  hopefully in that case they would find a replacement for it . 
  they 're actually doing a very good job here , specially during this government 's term when they convinced the politicians to pass several new anti-corruption laws . 
  is hungarian branch of transparency international soros-backed ? 
  or what are the ngos in hungary that are soros-backed ? 
  frankly it 's a little bit embarrasing . 
  and not just when people from baltics do it , but also when czechs/romanians/hungarians / poles/whoever keep whining when other people call them ee . 
  i mean , yes , we can consider ourselves central europe/northern europe/nordics/southern europe/whatever else , but do we really have such a low self esteem that every time a foreigner uses a term different from the one we use , we have to go all butthurt over it ? 
  so fucking what that some people either genuinely do n't know any better , or are too ignorant to see that the iron curtain division is no longer that relevant or they 're just lazy to learn a new terminology ? 
  why should we be concerned with everyone elses ' opinion is really beyond me . 
  it 's the same in czech - `` prosinec '' = december . 
  i have a question , if you do n't mind . 
  is there some political/public debate in sweden about this skewed gender ratio ? 
  if so , are there any proposals on how to fix it ? 
  honestly i 'm pretty convinced that some men simply do n't understand how scary this behaviour can be , sometimes including those who do it themselves . 
  they do it to boast among their friends so that they can feel more manly and think that it 's actually nothing , it 's just a bit of verbal teasing , but from the woman 's perspective it 's difficult to differentiate between the harmless types , who might be annoying af , but wo n't actually do anything but call you a few names and between the potentionally dangerous types who might actually hurt you . 
  that 's why when there 's a group of men giving a woman unwanted attention , she 's likely going to have all her internal alarms telling her to gtfo from that situation , because she ca n't see in their heads and know what they 're capable of . 
  that 's what scary about it , not the actual act of someone calling you a babe in a creepy way . 
  wtf , you just accept verbal harassment as something that happens and thus it 's ok and there 's no point in complaining about it ? 
  well i guess it 's your business how you decide to approach it , but do n't expect all other women to feel this way as well . 
  some women just feel very uncomfortable because of this , it makes them feel unsafe . 
  specially when you 're from a country where this is not a cultural norm . 
  for example in my country , this certainly is n't a common behaviour , so if there suddenly was an influx of men from a culture where this is a common behaviour , i certainly would n't shrug it off with `` meh , this is just what they do , i guess i have to accept this now and learn how to live with it '' . 
  it could partly be just a subjective feeling of intimidation , however it can also be that women are getting more and more experience with getting catcalled and verbally harassed , which is something that wo n't show up in crime statistics , however as i woman i can tell you that it can be pretty damn terrifying to have a group of men doing this to you , specially if there are n't many other people around that could help you . 
  because you can never know whether those men will stop at verbal harassment or whether they 'll try something else . 
  it 's not really just a minor inconvenience , it can be very scary . 
  so i find it very distastful that you just try to dismiss all this , basically saying something like `` silly women , it 's all in their head , they 're just paranoid '' , because you ca n't possibly know if that 's really true . 
  what i had in mind was the ritual killings of the animals . 
  that is something i see as unacceptable . 
  i do not remember anyone protesting against pita bread and if that happened than it 's ridiculous , hovewer you can still get pita in plenty of places in the czech republic . 
  and yes , i 'm aware that our own treatment of animals is sometimes also very bad , but that does n't mean that we should allow even more bad treatment here . 
  ritual killings are barbaric and should never be allowed no matter if they 're part of any religious doctrine . 
  we are a secular state so i do n't see why religions should have any special considerations . 
  halal food is basically a glorified name for animal abuse . 
  it 's totally incomparable to this situation with the black model . 
  protesting against black models on a leaflet is racist , protesting against halal food might be islamophobic if it 's motivated solely by the fact that muslims eat halal food , but it can also be absolutely legitimate if it 's motivated by the fact that you do n't approve of animal abuse . 
  refugees from the western europe ? 
  is there a civil war going on there that we do n't know about ? 
  or an authoritarian regime that is opressing you ?
