  i mean , really ? 
  you do n't see why russia might be a bigger threat to poland 's energy security than ukraine ? 
  i really do n't know what to say anymore . 
   unproven . 
  for fuck 's sake , why do you think they 're opposing this so much ? 
  you think they 're making up a fuss just because ? 
  or you think this is purely about the transit fees ? 
  you know my country is actually projected to financially benefit from it , since some of the routes should be going through us , to slovakia and austria and further south to italy . 
  we still oppose the project . 
  why would we do that if we did n't think that there was any threat to the security of the cee region ? 
  do you think we just randomly oppose projects that have no potentional to hurt us ? 
   so far russia has proven determined to supply gas to everybody who pays his bills on time . 
  the geopolitical conditions and the relations between the eu and russia changed since 2014 . 
  i 'm not saying that russia blackmailing countries over gas supplies is guaranteed to happen , but we ca n't rule that out . 
   because their interests are less morally defensible . 
  ok , why are you dragging morality into this ? 
  this is pure geopolitics , it 's two main actors ( germany and poland ) having conflicting interests and trying to get their way . 
  but even if i accepted your reasoning - poland would n't just feel safer when both are `` imprisoned '' . 
  it objectively would be safer . 
  this project simply hurts poland . 
  it hurst it financially , geopolitically and energetically . 
  it makes poland 's energy security weaker . 
  the fact that it also helps germany 's energy security is irrelevant to poland , since theirs is being hurt . 
  this is not about `` feelings '' , this will have real impacts on poland and they 're trying to avoid that . 
  germany , on the other hand , is already relatively energetically secure . 
  it has cheaper gas price than cee countries already . 
  it is a big market , so russia wo n't want to blackmail them . 
  now germany would like to have even cheaper and more secure gas , which nord stream would provide for them , so they support this project . 
  i do n't see how that is in any way more morally defensible than in the case of poland . 
   that did n't work the last winter . 
  eu countries bought gas and shipped it back to ukraine . 
  i do n't see why it ca n't continue , without ukraine having a stranglehold on eu gas supplies . 
  yes , you 're right , but which eu countries did that ? 
  right , cee countries . 
  the same countries whose energy security will get weakened if nord stream is implemented . 
  theoretically , if the cee region is circumvented and somehow the relations with russia got that bad that they would stop the supply to cee ( while keeping it to we ) , is we gon na have enough gas to re-sale it to the entire cee region ? 
  i mean , we can re-supply ukraine , but can we re-supply all the other countries which would get circumvented by this ? 
  is the infrastructure even sufficient for that ? 
   are you seriously arguing that just cee being dependent on russia is a better option than germany and cee being dependent on russia . 
  i 'm arguing that it 's understandable that poland does n't want to get circumvented . 
  they are trying to protect their energy security , which would be weakened by nord stream 2 . 
  i also understand germany 's position , because their energy security would be strenghtened by the nord stream . 
  why do you find it so problematic that poland and others are protecting their interests while you find it ok when germany does it ? 
  it 's not like poland has the unilateral power to stop nord stream . 
  they are just opposing it and are trying to get more allies on their side . 
  germany is free to do the same . 
  i really do n't see what your problem with that is . 
  is poland in your opinion not allowed to say that they do n't want this project to happen ? 
   what kind of argument is that ? 
  we should continue transiting gas through an unreliable country like ukraine because it needs money ? 
  well if ukraine goes bankrupt , we will have to bail them out anyway . 
  the eu can not let ukraine fall and as for now , the transit fees are significant part of their income . 
  and no , ukraine can not apply for eu funds ( if you mean the cohesion funds ) , since it 's not in the eu . 
  it can get support from the eu through other programmes , but will it be enough to fill the gap ? 
  i doubt that , since it 's not just the transit fees , it 's also the gas prices . 
  if ukraine is no longer a transit country , they will lose any leverage they had over russia and russia will be free to totally blackmail them , giving them a price they wo n't be able to afford . 
   perhaps stop losing 70 % of its income to corruption . 
  yeah , sure , that 's an awesome idea , i 'm sure no one has ever thought of that . 
  only the problem is that the fight against corruption is a slow and painful process and you just ca n't realistically expect it to be solved in the forseeable future . 
  it 's not just about transit fees . 
  it 's about the energy security . 
  for poland and other cee countries , russia is the unreliable actor , not ukraine . 
  germany is a huge market for russia , so they wo n't dare to blackmail them , however individual cee countries are small and if they are circumvented by russia , they are worried that russia will use this situation to blackmail them , russia has used gas as a political tool against cee countries before . 
  another thing is that nord stream 2 will leave ukraine in a very difficult position . 
  unlike other cee countries , ukraine really does need the transit fees , for them it 's quite a lot of money . 
  weak , broke and destabilized ukraine is not good for the entire cee region . 
  so of course that poland will do everything they can to prevent this from happening . 
  obviously for germany , nord stream 2 means cheaper gas and a better energy security , because to them , ukraine is the unreliable country , not russia . 
  both germany and poland have the right to protect their interests . 
   not like we could expect something like that with germany when push comes to shove as you demonstrated in your last sentence . 
  they 're going hard after their own interests , that 's not really surprising . 
  all countries essentially do this . 
  what pisses me off is that germany has the nerves to pretend like they are some humanitarian superpower when it comes to the migrant issue , when in reality , they go for realpolitik just like anyone else . 
  we should all really stop using this `` solidarity '' rhetorics . 
  solidarity ends when the core national interests of a country get involved . 
  time to face the reality that germany does n't give a fuck about poland 's or whoever 's energy security if they can improve theirs . 
  we have 14 % , you have 16 % , that 's not such a huge difference . 
  maybe that 2 % difference is caused by the fact that part of your immigrant community lives at the bottom of the society ( being unemployed ) ? 
  now that that i think about it , that could be another reason - we have a very low unemployment , the lowest in the eu ( according to eurostat ) and also lower than norway . 
  our ministry of labour and social affairs estimates that around 100k czechs work abroad in all the eu countries combined ( the overall net migration is positive , we get more people than we lose ) . 
  i doubt that the emigration is strong enough to have some big impact on the average salary , specially since it 's definitely not only rich and highly qualified people who move and also because if anything , people leaving the country should actually have the opposite effect , because it causes a labour shortage and pressures employers to raise the salaries , because they have to compete over employees . 
  we 're a very egalitarian society , we do n't really have many extremely poor or extremely rich people . 
  it 's partly a communism legacy . 
  also the numbers are a little bit misleading in our case , since we have plenty of pensioners balancing just above the poverty line . 
  they still have enough money to not fall under the poverty line , but in reality they lead pretty modest lifes , for example they ca n't afford vacations abroad and such things like their western european counterparts . 
  ok , sorry , maybe it was just me reading too much into it . 
  yeah , sure , you 're absolutely entitled to have your own opinion . 
  it just seemed to me that you 're using a bit of double standards in your reasoning when you see some things as a general sign that cee region is socially backwards and should not have been let in the eu , while the same things happening in we are just an exception or an anomaly . 
  but whatever , you 're right that you 're free to think whatever you want . 
  well , the article is about `` the roll to the right '' , so i thought that 's what we 're talking about here - far right parties . 
  it 's true that pis has pretty some pretty conservative social views , but that 's probably because polish society simply is more conservative about some issues than other european societies . 
  still , they ended up backing away from tightening the abortion laws . 
  and it 's not like poland did n't have strict abortion laws before pis got in power - those laws were in place even when the eu-friendly po government was in power . 
  and they 're also not the only country in the eu with strict abortion rules . 
  if you 're so concerned about the situation in poland , then you are surely also concerned about the situation in ireland , yet i do n't see you questioning whether ireland belongs in the eu . 
   my concern with some ee is because the parties are part of the establishment . 
  not , they 're not . 
  the far right party in slovakia ( our slovakia ) and hungary ( jobbik ) are both in the opposition . 
  pis in poland could hardly be described as far right with their socialist economic policies . 
  i guess you could call orb\u00e1n far right , but even he is no fashist .
