  as for the uk - i 'm not sure when exactly was this poll conducted , however czech people always had this weird crush on the uk , british cultural exports are really strong here and they 're very popular partly because we have a similar sense of humour . 
  oh come on , you thought that we hated you ? 
  seriously slovaks win every single time in every single opinion poll that asks about our favourite nationalities . 
  the ranking of other countries changes from time to time , but slovaks are always at the first spot . 
  also no one comes even close to you in the total number of ' 1 's . 
  slovaks living in cz are hardly even seen as foreigners . 
  how could you think we hate you ? 
  how could we even hate you , there is nothing to hate about you . 
  there is no way to sugarcoat this , czech people simply do n't have very favourable image of muslim-majority countries . 
  also the way erdogan rants against europe and the way turkish minorities act in other european countries gets noticed here . 
  people do n't really know much about turkish politics so they did n't understand that erdogan 's rants are mostly directed at domestic audience . 
  i could see on my parents how they were shocked and disgusted when erdogan started calling dutch people nazis and so on . 
  also as in any country , some people are simply dicks . 
  they like to look down on someone because it makes them feel better about themselves . 
  the 1-5 simply means rating as in school . 
  1 is the best possible mark , while 5 is the worst . 
  but it 's still 53 % positive , 33 % neutral , 14 % negative . 
  that 's not all that different from our standing in your poll . 
  most people do n't really have anything against poland , germany or the us . 
  the majority of people see these countries either positively or neutraly - just not as positively as other countries . 
  germany specifically fell down in the polls because of the refugee crisis . 
  in the case of the us , some people think that they 're meddling too much in other countries ' affairs and as a result destabilizing the world . 
  china is n't that popular here , because it 's an authoritarian regime and there has been a lot of controversy surrounding some of our politicians who are seen as being too friendly to china , almost acting in a subservient way in order to secure trade ties . 
  also like a year ago , chinese president visited prague and some czech people hold a protest against chinese policy in tibet . 
  the chinese embassy reacted by paying counter-protestors who tried to push out the pro-tibet protestors , so this kind of behaviour is really not seen very favourably . 
  not really , only 23 % according to this table . 
  but yeah , you definitely fell down in the ratings compared to few years ago . 
  it 's because of the refugee crisis . 
  many people here perceive germany as the country that is forcing mena refugees on us . 
   my nationality is completely irrelevant - if i had been a member of an einsatzgruppe and it were 1950 you might have had a point . 
  i agree that you being a german does n't make you responsible for any of this in any kind of way whatosever . 
  still you 're more likely to trigger emotional reactions with these kind of comments than if you were a different nationality , that 's just how it is . 
  all i 'm saying is that it would be wiser if you were n't comparing it at all . 
  it was all horrible . 
  you should avoid making it look like you 're downplaying the situation , even if that 's not what you intended . 
   from the replies i can tell that this seems to be a touchy subject . 
  well , no offense , but this should really be common sense that it 's a touchy subject . 
  specially as a german , you really do n't want to start telling polish people how they really did not have it so bad as jewish people . 
  even czech people would be offended if you started telling them `` well , you know , at least we did n't mass murder as many of you as we did with jews '' . 
  again , i do n't want to offend you , i 'm just puzzled what were you thinking in the first place . 
   is it not diminishing the horror of the holocaust a bit to pretend it was all the same ? 
  no , i think the vast majority of people are completely aware how horrific holocaust was . 
  the point is that it is distasteful to make these kind of comparisons anyway . 
  but hey , if you really want to go there , then you can argue that you fucked up poland even worse than you fucked up the jewish people . 
  jewish people at least got israel after ww2 , whereas poland was destroyed as a state and immediately fell victim to the soviets and remained fucked up for the next few decades . 
  this might not have happened , had you not started the war . 
  but i think you can see how it 's a nonsense to try to make a history score about who suffered the most because of nazis . 
  just do n't do it , do n't go there , it 's a touchy subject and you 're always guaranteed to open old wounds . 
  this is such a silly debate . 
  you 're right that jews were the top priority for nazis , however plenty of poles were killed in concentration camps as well . 
  in general slavic territories occupied by nazis suffered a lot and poland was among those who had it the worst even compared to other slavic lands . 
  i do n't understand why you even have the need to start such a debate , it 's insensitive , because it seems like you 're downplaying it . 
   i reckon bojo is favourite for pm is n't there really anyone else more fitting that could do the job ? 
  i agree that europe was n't treating turkey very fairly for the most parts . 
  however i do n't think that turkey should have been included in the european integration . 
  the scenario of turkey ever joining the eu simply never was very realistic . 
  turkey is huge , it would totally disrupt the power balance in the eu , it 's also poorer than the eu average , so it would be a burden for the eu budget , but mainly - it 's culturally different . 
  or at least a significant part of turkey is . 
  i think the eu should n't have pretented like it was ever was a credible scenario for turkey to join the eu . 
  that way we perhaps would have avoided the dissapoitment . 
  the public ones are n't bad imho . 
  \u010cvut ( czech technical university ) is considered the best option for stem fields over here . 
  it gives you what you need to know to work in your field . 
  however for truly prestigious universities and top-quality research facilities , you 'd need to head to the us or the uk . 
  well that could work . 
  how expensive is it in poland or latvia to study there for a year ? 
  in czech unis , it 's about 4500-5000 euro for an academic year if you study in english . 
  for those studying in czech , it 's free . 
  what are your options ? 
  can you afford to pay tuition fees or do you want to look exclusively for unis with no tuition fees for non-eu nationals ? 
  if so , then you better start studying the language of the country where you want to study , because the vast majority of bachelor programmes are taught in the local language . 
  afaik norway and germany have their uni education free for all , but without speaking norwegian or german , you might find it difficult to find a fitting bachelor programme for you . 
  you also need to take into account that the living costs in the we countries is quite high and you will have to prove that you have the financial means to support yourselves while studying . 
  i agree and i 'm sorry about that . 
  fortunately ukrainian citizens will soon be able to travel visa-free to schengen . 
  well for once they do n't meet the technical conditions . 
  and yes , turkey is a huge country that on average has lower living standards than those in europe , so it 's quite reasonable to fear that significant number of turks might overstay their visa . 
  however that 's not the only thing , visa policy is also quite often used as a political tool . 
  you may think that it should n't be , but it is , that 's just the reality . 
  i 'm not saying that politics is the defining factor of eu visa policy , but it influences it . 
  it 's used as a carrot in countries that the eu hopes to keep on the right track . 
  to give turkey visa-free travel after all that has happened there and after how erdogan has behaved towards european countries , would send a completely wrong signal . 
  do n't know what your point is . 
  in we the first-generation ( mostly ) was n't secular and liberal-minded . 
  they were n't troublemakers as some of their kids and grandkids , because unlike them , they had jobs and they did n't mind that it was low-skilled jobs because it was still an upgrade compared to what they had back home . 
  on the contrary look at the muslim communities in the us or canada - they carefully picked the educated and liberal ones and now even the 2nd and 3d generations are way more likely to be well-integrated compared to those in we . 
  or look at iranians in europe . 
  i think we can all agree that sweden has probably the shittiest immigration policies in europe , however their iranians minority is still pretty succesful . 
  because the iranians coming to sweden were on average more educated than the other immigrant groups . 
  my point is that muslims do n't necessarily have to be non-integratable . 
  muslims on average tend to have much larger portion of conservatives among them than todays ' christians and i 'm absolutely against taking those muslims into our country . 
  i agree that most ` moderate ' muslims are in fact conservative as fuck and those really need to stay in muslim-majority countries . 
  however that does n't mean that liberal and reformist muslims do n't exist . 
  not to mention , many liberal and secular turks are n't even muslims . 
  they are actually atheists/agnostics with some islamic cultural background . 
  just like we here have some christian cultural background despite being mostly atheists/agnostics . 
  i 'm really sorry but there is no way that the eu can grant visa-free access to turkey at this point . 
  yep . 
  i feel like immigration and integration are one of the things that work well in our country . 
  the right kind of people immigrate here in sustainable numbers .
