  do you have any idea why is it that you , latvia and lithuania always end up looking like one area on these kind of eurostat maps ? 
  all other countries are separated into regions . 
  even a country of a similar size like you , slovenia , is separated into two regions . 
   what do they teach in history class in ee ???? 
  uhm , not the history of public opinion surveys in every single we country ? 
  or do your schools cover all historical events with a handful of public opinion surveys of each country involved ? 
  not to mention , this argument that our people emigrated as well and were either warmly welcomed ( so see , you should welcome refugees as well ) , or were n't warmly welcomed ( see , and these fears later proved to be false , so do n't worry about refugees ) , is n't really making a whole lot of sense to the people currently living in czechia , poland and hungary . 
  essentialy , you 're bringing this argument to the wrong people . 
  these people did n't emigrate anywhere . 
  these people stayed in their countries , so the attempt to create a sense of guilt , because we also were accepted as refugees , does n't work . 
  there is no `` we '' . 
  there are czech emigrants , who mostly assimilated and now they 're more citizens of their new home country . 
  and then there are czech citizens that stayed behind . 
  these people do n't feel a sense of obligation just because a few decades ago , some of their countrymen asked for asylum in the west . 
  i did not mean to bash the uk if that 's how you understood it . 
  i was using munich just as an example . 
  obviously i 'm not diminishing other uk 's accomplishments during the ww2 or during the post 89 era . 
  all i was trying to say that being binded together in formal structures like in the eu makes it more likely that countries will stick together even in critical situations , than when the countries have informal relations and their commitments consist `` only '' of shared values . 
  i believe you when you say that you understand the importance of self-determination and democracy , i just do n't believe that this is the most important thing to you , certainly not in all situations . 
  there simply are situations when values like these are not the priority . 
   personally i am not negative , i think our best days are ahead of us ( yours too ) . 
  we face challenges , but we also face opportunities and we should embrace them . 
  could be , but it 's better to be prepared for the worse situations so that you are n't unpleasently surprised , 
   i also think it makes sense for czechia to keep responsibility for its own foreign policy : the more of that you give to the eu there is a risk that you get an outcome that is not in your interests . 
  it 's better for us to negotiate as a part of a bigger bloc given the size of czech economy vs the uk economy . 
  the eu as a bloc has much bigger economic weight , so we have a better chance to reach a better deal this way . 
  of course we will have to make some compromises in reaching a common eu position , but it 's still better to do it this way , then face the uk on our own . 
   brexit is unprecedented , but the uk did not fundamentally change . 
  we are still a liberal democracy operating under the rule of law . 
  you are . 
  and in 1938 you were as well . 
  and so were we . 
  in fact , we were the only liberal democracy left in the central european region . 
  you still preferred to make a deal with the nazi germany and forced us to surrender to hitler . 
  the political regime did n't matter when your vital interests were at stake . 
  my argument is not that the west will for sure collapse and that the history will for sure repeat itself . 
  i 'm just saying that it 's one of the possibilities . 
  it could happen , we 're definitely closer to it than we used to be just a few years ago . 
  it 's not unavoidable , but it 's also not as insane as it once seemed . 
  and if it did happen and the uk was again choosing between helping out a liberal democracy and risking your own interests , the political regime would again mean nothing . 
  in critical situation you do n't help out countries because you share values with them . 
  you help them when you 're binded to them closely enough so that an attack on them is significantly hurtful for you , be it because close economic ties or because of a shared alliance that you need to keep credible . 
  eu is one such alliance and the uk is leaving this alliance . 
   obviously , if czechia does not want free trade with us , our interests will not be aligned . 
  we can not force you to want free trade with us , we can simply indicate to you that it is also in your interests . 
  we do not have the authority to decide what kind of trade relation there will be between us , it will be decided on the eu-uk level . 
  the leaders of our parliamentary parties already made a cross-party agreement which says that maintaining trade ties is a priority , however we will formulate this at the eu level and we will try to push as many of our priorities into the common eu position . 
  however we will not negoatiate with the uk on our own and we will not go against the common eu position once that is settled . 
   in terms of sides , uk is on the side of the liberal democratic west and staying on this side . 
  it would be nice if it was like this , but with the current situation it 's not guaranteed that it will work this way . 
  brexit is an unprecedented situation and we do n't know what kind of events it will unleash . 
  i probably do n't have to start about trump . 
  we already talked about nato with each other , but that 's just one thing . 
  he also might start a trade war with the eu and also with china , which would make the global economy extremely volatile . 
  it could push you even further to the us , while the eu might be pushed closer to china . 
  the current international order is not set in stone , it has been here for quite some time , but it 's not guaranteed it will last . 
  russia will absolutely do everything they can to make that happen and they 're very skillful at abusing our weaknesses . 
  if the unity of the west collapses , then i have no doubts that the uk will try to establish a new position in this world and this position might simply not include us . 
  i do n't like to bring up the past , but in this case i just have to - the uk already ditched us . 
  twice . 
  i 'm not blaming you , you were looking out primarely for yourself . 
  and you would do it again . 
   it is overwhelmingly in the uk 's national interest , because it makes the uk more safe and more prosperous . 
  it is also in your interests too . 
  yes , but interests can change . 
  this is another uselful thing about the eu - that we 're binded together in an institution which makes it more difficult to turn against it each other , when our interests happen to not allign . 
  i 'm not saying it 's impossible , but it 's more difficult to do than when your relation is more informal . 
  i think that this will mean that in the future , the uk will be a less reliable partner to us . 
  because we 'll know that the uk will ditch us the second when you find it no longer profitable to be on our side . 
   i think the idea of a more flexible multi-speed eu is a good start and i am supportive of it . 
  it does recognise that there is a legitimacy to different countries making different choices about how they are governed . 
  there 's however the risk that multi-speed will eventually lead to disintegration of the eu as a whole , meaning that countries in different speeds will have fewer and fewer reasons to cooperate and eventually the will to find compromises between the different groups in this multi-speed eu will completely disappear and we 'll have just a bunch of countries cooperating closely on this and that , which is ... you know , just normal politics . 
  the good thing about the eu always was that it forced countries to seek compromises , or at least talk to each other about things they did n't agree on . 
  the fact that countries talked with each other openly and had incentives to find a compromise created an atmosphere of mutual trust , which helped preventing hostility and possible aggresive means to solve issues . 
  and i think mutual trust is one of the most important things in the international politics , where there is no ultimate higher autority that would enforce rules . 
   this was the uk 's main reason for wanting cee to join the eu . 
  was it though ? 
  was n't it more about the fact that you knew that in some areas , we might be like-minded , so you 'll have more allies in the eu and also accepting us will make the eu less coherent and less oriented to `` ever closer union '' which is something that the uk never wanted . 
  from my perspective uk 's foreign policy was always very cold-calculating and strictly rational , not normative based , so i always saw the british support of the 2004 enlargement as primarely self-serving . 
  not that this is n't fairly common behaviour , the vast majority of countries operate like this most of the time , but with the uk it has always been especially obvious . 
  i would never really expect the uk to do anything for us that would not help you as well ( well not counting special occasions , like natural disasters ) . 
   i think she was completely correct in this bit of the speech , if the eu is not cherishing the diversity of its members not all diversity is good though . 
  us having a weaker democratic culture , low public participation , problems with corruption ... this all is n't good . 
  in all these things , we actually do need to change . 
  the problem is though that in we the expectations were that these issues would go away quickly , which is not what happened unfortunately . 
  could n't agree more , it really is a big issue . 
  i do n't think brexit will change anything about this though , because the level of understanding of the post-communist states in the we is even worse than the understanding of the uk . 
  from my experience there were basically two views in the we on the new post-communist member states - the first was that we were underdeveloped shitholes who will flood the we with cheap products and workforce and who have no potential to bring anything positive to the eu , so the only reason why we should be allowed to join is that otherwise we would collapse totally . 
  the second was that we 're basically just poorer and less fortunate versions of we countries , but otherwise there are no big differences between us and with a little bit of help , we 'll soon reach the we standards and not only the economic standards , but also the social/political standards . 
  these two views were arguing with each other , even though they were both wrong from the beginning . 
  the reason why i think v4 is nowadays getting a lot of shit in the sub ( not always undeserved , sometimes we indeed do deserve criticism ) is that people who had the second view and who used to argue with the first view on the behalf of post-communist countries are nowadays watching their view crushed and so they feel betrayed ( i.e. 
  `` we supported you and you 're turning your backs on us '' ) . 
  the problem is that we never were just poorer versions of we countries . 
  as you said , we have different historic experience and a different mentality . 
  it was for long quite hidden , because our foreign policy in the 90s and early 00 's was `` do what the west wants '' , so there were n't any apparent disagreements , except for the iraq war in 2003 , where we have chosen to stand rather with the us than with the we . 
  but otherwise i can absolutely see how the illusion that we 're fully on board with everything that the we wants was created - it really mostly looked like it in 90s and 00s . 
  however then the first erosions started to appear and eventually the illusion was completely blown away by the migration crisis and by the very different attitudes that we had towards it . 
  this probably left a lot of people surprised and upset , however if people actually had more knowledge about our countries , they would know that these differences were always there . 
   but if the total level of nasranost reaches threshold , i 'll leave . 
  this is of course your decision , however if i may giving you a small advice - perhaps do n't let nasranost overcome you too much .
