  however if it somehow did happen , i 'd be thrilled , it would be great to have the uk back . 
   no , asylum process - who you give asylum or not - is within hands of national states that are bound by geneva international treaties . 
  that 's true , but the eu can decide who is responsible for handling the asylum application . 
  which is exactly what dublin determines . 
  it 's true that it collapsed , but that does n't change the fact that the eu has authorities over this . 
   if i were you i 'd worry more about migration wave from subsaharan africa that is being hit by one wave of drought by another creating food crisis all around continent that can be contained by food aid only so long . 
  yes , i am worried about that as well . 
  i 'm worried about the instability everywhere in the european neighbourhood . 
  nowadays when transportation is way easier and cheaper than it used to be some decades ago , even areas which were n't that relevant for europe are nowadays relevant . 
   so in other words , you 'll just leave it all onto italy and greece until their system collapses like what happened in 2015 in greece and then blame greece and italy who were left dead in water , to handle hundreds of thousands of migrants . 
  cool . 
  i want to help greece and italy by preventing the migrants from reaching their country and i also would n't be completely against the idea of taking some limited number of refugees . 
  however i 'm absolutely against signing a blank cheque to the commission . 
  i do not have any faith that the commission and we will be able to have a tougher stance on migration next time when another crisis comes , so there is absolutely no way to know how many refugees the commission might try to assign to us . 
  but yes , in general , i 'm primarely concerned about my country and about the citizens of my country . 
  that does n't mean i do n't want to help greece and italy , but i do n't put them above my own country . 
  signing a blank cheque to the commission is simply too risky . 
  no , it does n't , asylum policy is a shared authority of the eu and the member states . 
  the dublin rules regulate asylum policy on the eu level . 
  and i know that we 're not taking any refugees from outside of the eu , we have tried that once and they just immediately left to germany , so we 're not doing that anymore . 
  that does n't change anything about my opinion that i would like the asylum policy to be solely in the authority of the national governments . 
  from my perspective , it 's not really about those current 2,6 k refugees in greece and italy . 
  it would n't kill us to take those . 
  i more so worry about what precedent it sets for the future . 
  the mena region is a ticking time bomb and i 'm pretty certain that at some point , there will be another migration wave coming . 
  the commission has already been trying to revise the entire eu asylum system and put there a pernament relocation scheme which would be triggered every time there is a crisis with no upper limit . 
  so to be honest , at this point , i trust my government that it will be more able and willing to protect my country from any future big migration waves more than i trust the eu . 
  and that is coming from someone who is normally very critical about czech politics . 
  lol , you really know absolutely nothing about the czech republic , right ? 
  our lgbt legislation and public attitude towards lgbt is on approximately the same level as in germany , we 're the most israel-friendly country in europe and anti-semitism is basically non-existent here . 
  islamophobia is a problem here though , i 'll give you that . 
   does that seem like a good idea to you ? 
  i do n't think any country should be forced to accept refugees against its will . 
  i would like asylum and migration policy to remain in the hands of the national governments , not in the hands of the eu . 
  obviously i realize that the decision is now legally binding , so i would agree with taking some minimum number of refugees , similarely to slovaks , so that we get the commission of our back . 
  in the meantime , i want my government to focus all its efforts to help stabilize mena , so that people do n't have a reason to flee . 
  it is the most efficient way to be helpful , since none of the mena refugees have any interest in staying in my country . 
  we all know that the agreement was made in 2015 , that does n't mean we agree with the agreement . 
  my country was against it from the beginning and was outvoted . 
  so please stop making it look as if we ` made ' the agreement . 
  it was voted through the qmv , against the votes of the czech republic , slovakia , hungary and romania . 
   the fact that you do , again , says more about your political maturity . 
  oh yeah , absolutely . 
  i do not deny that our political culture is not as developed as in the most of western european countries . 
  it sucks , but we have to work with what we have . 
   expecting the eu to care about your selfishness and hypocrisy enough to indulge it is ridiculous . 
  selfishness - perhaps . 
  even though i could argue that my country is actually doing quite a lot to help stabilize the middle east . 
  we just do n't want to take refugees from there , but that does n't mean that we do n't do anything . 
  in terms of cee countries and if we take into account population size and gdp , the czech republic is absolutely among the most active when it comes to both military , humanitarian and financial engagements in mena . 
  but hypocrisy - that 's fucking hilarious . 
  the commission are masters of hypocrisy , so accusing others of it just makes me laugh . 
  the entire quota system is a disaster , it does n't work , the refugees are n't staying in their assigned countries , yet the commission with a straight face praises its sucess . 
  the commission is eager to enforce rules against the czech republic , poland and hungary , yet when france is breaking the budgetary rules , juncker says that france ca n't be sanctioned , because ` it 's france ' . 
  if this is n't hypocrisy , than i do n't know what is . 
   if you want to shoot yourself in the foot over an issue and lose a lawsuit against the eu over petty politics then feel free to do so . 
  i obviously do n't , i wish this was n't escalated to this level , unfortunately it 's where we are . 
  as for now , our politicians simply can not take a step back , it 's not a petty politics for them , it 's about their political survival . 
   eastern europeans are still mostly fundamentalist christians yeah , yeah , there are so many fundamentalist christians in the czech republic , we 're literaly the second vatican / s. 
   who cares about your internal politics ? 
  our politicians do . 
  this is not an everyday political squabble . 
  this is a high-profile issue in the czech republic which is extremely unpopular among the public . 
  no politician or political party will wilingly shoot themselves in their foot in the pre-election period . 
  that would n't happen in any country . 
  just like for example in germany , no candidate will campaign with the promise to cut off greek debt . 
  it 's possible that our politicians might do a u-turn after the elections , but i would n't count on that . 
  and btw . 
  slovakia and hungary filed a lawsuit against the legality of the quotas and the ruling has not come yet , so there 's still a possibility that the decision might be revoked . 
   hopefully that is a lesson these countries are not too arrogant to learn . 
  not gon na happen here , we 're in a pre-election period now . 
  the elections take place in october . 
  any party which would agree with the quota policy can forget about scoring a solid result . 
  everybody is going to be against it , because the public is overwhelminly against it . 
  so the only thing the commission is going to achieve is that whoever is in our future government will have an even tougher stance on the quotas than the current government . 
   so it is not about costs any more ? 
  what ? 
  i just told you that the resettlement programmes are n't led by the eu , they 're not mandatory . 
  we voluntarily joined the programme and then decided to quit , because we did n't want our money to be invested in people who just use us as a free travel agency that will take them to germany . 
  so it absolutely is about the costs and about the unwillingess to spend money on people who have no intention to stay in our country . 
   well , you are now getting sued over failing to observe eu rules and that also sounds completely reasonable to me . 
  people that violate rules they undersigned should be sued . 
  this is about about failing to comply with the relocation programme , which is not the same as the resettlement programme . 
  i agree that it would have been better if we just took a few more refugees this year , just like slovaks did ( they took just 4 more people than us and are n't getting sued ) . 
  then the refugees would leave anyway but we could pretend like we contributed and did our duty , which is apparently enough for the commission . 
  resettlement and relocation are two different things . 
  the resettlement programmes are voluntary , nobody has to take part in them . 
  we tried it and it did n't work out , the people did n't want to stay in our country , so we decided to quit the programme . 
  seems like a completely reasonable thing to me . 
  we 're one of the most atheist countries in the world . 
  well i do n't think our people are very eager to pay for travel costs for refugees in the middle east who mistake our country for a travel agency which will cover their all-inclusive trip to germany . 
  in general , people usually find it offensive when they offer genuine help to someone and that someone immediately after that spits in their face . 
  thus politicians would find it impossible to explain why shoud our tax payers fund such a thing . 
  i get that the refugees would rather be in germany than in the czech republic , but i do n't see why my country should fund their desires . 
  that was our attempt at resettling people directly from the middle eastern refugee camps . 
  the original plan was to take some 100 , but the first group escaped to germany very shortly after they were transported here , so the whole scheme was stopped . 
  from that point , we decided not to take part in resettlement programmes . 
  yeah , it has almost no support among the british political parties , so it 's not gon na happen . 
  it 's too bad though , i would love to have the uk back . 
  it would be so great if brexit could somehow be reversed .
