  yeah , you imagine that wrong , i really could n't care less about the colour of the skin of the migrants and i definitely do n't think that germany is responsible for handling all the arrivals that come to italy from north africa . 
   let me say sorry for trying to keep our economy running . 
  you can be ironic all you want , it does n't change the fact that you 're breaking the fiscal rules . 
  you do not need such huge surpluses to have your economy running . 
   after this part is done , let me tell you one important part you 've obviously missed . 
  this is not only about germoney , but also about greece , italy and other countries who have a unfair , high share on refugees . 
  no , i have n't missed that . 
  i recognize that italy and greece have to deal with too many refugees/migrants due to their geographic position . 
  i just find it hypocritical to hear from germany that we 're not showing enough solidarity to southern europe , when germany economic policies have been harming southern europe before the whole migrant crisis even started . 
  suddenly germany now cares so much about the struggles of italy and greece even though italy has been dealing with migrant influxes in the past as well and back then , germany gave zero fucks . 
  it only so happened that you started to care when a million of migrants/refugees showed up at your borders . 
  so that 's the whole problem i have with these german high moral ground lecturing . 
  it 's hypocritical . 
  but yes , i do recognize that we need to help greece and italy , however as i said , our domestic circumstances make it basically politically impossible to accept mena refugees . 
  it 's the same thing that is causing your politicians to push austerity over greece . 
  german voters would also not want that part of the greek debt is forgiven , even though everyone knows that the current level of debt is absolutely unsustainable and greece will never be able to pay it back . 
  so your politicians reflect on that even though this is damaging the lives of ordinary greeks more than the entire refugee crisis . 
  so please stop lecturing us how we do n't care about greece , italy or the refugees . 
  my country is trying to help in ways which are acceptable to our population . 
  you can not realistically expect our politicians to do otherwise , specially not before the elections . 
   this is especially annoying from a personal perspective , because it shows so many things about our eastern neighbours , i had n't expected to see there . 
  and for me , it 's especially annoying to see these kind of judgemental comments from people who have no idea about the political and social realities of my country . 
  we have one bigger disagreement with the eu and suddenly we 're basically selfish assholes who refuse to help the southern europe , we have the commission all over our asses , we get threatened with cutting our eu funds and all this shit . 
  meanwhile germany is comfortably running its huge surpluses , breaking the eu fiscal rules which arguably fucks over southern europe much more than us not taking 2k refugees , but the commission is silent about that . 
  just as it is silent about other countries casually breaking the fiscal rules , nobody is ever threatened with sanctions over that . 
  meanwhile we 're refusing to take over some 2k refugees because our domestic circumstances simply do not allow us to , the public is overwhelmingly against it , and the commission is losing its shit over that . 
  this all does n't mean we 're not trying to help at all . 
  we contribute with humanitarian help in the middle east , both directly through contribution to the un and indirectly through our state-supported ngos like people in need . 
  the vast majority of eu countries closed their embassies in syria years ago , meanwhile ours is still open , the staff there risks their lifes every day trying to distribute humanitarian help . 
  our military is active in afghanistan and mali , our medic teams and our air force training team are helping in iraq . 
  we were also arming iraqi kurds when they were fighting against isis . 
  during the refugee crisis , our volunteers teams were among the most active in greece , our police has been to hungary , slovenia and macedonia and greece and we contribute financially to eu border guard just like any other eu country . 
  so no , we 're not just sitting on our asses here , refusing to lift a finger . 
  as for you not expecting to see these ` things ' from us - of course you were n't expecting that , because i 'm pretty sure you know close to nothing about the czech republic and you look at everything from your own perspective , not realizing we 're a country that has made a very different historic experience than yours and that has shaped the mentality of people over here and their attitudes towards different issues . 
  but i do n't really expect ` high moral ground ' western europeans to understand that . 
  i have to apologize again , i really ca n't quite grasp what your point is . 
  i mean , yes , currently , there is a majority of countries supporting the quotas . 
  i believe that in the case of many countries , specially eastern european ones ( not counting v4 ) this is because they do not want to jeopardize their position within the eu . 
  in other words , they want to keep their ties with the western europe undamaged , they do not support the quotas because they 're convinced it 's a good measure . 
  in the case of other countries and the commission itself , i believe their support is also caused by the fact that they do not want to admit that the quotas system works very badly and that it was a stupid idea from the beginning . 
  so from my perspective , the quota system is stupid even when it has the support of the majority of the countries . 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't get what you 're saying . 
  what makes no sense ? 
  there is unfortunately not enough support among the eu member states to alter it . 
  and yes , you 're right , as for now , it is binding for us . 
  however our politicians are likely to rather go to court and risk having to pay fines than comply with this decision , specially since we 're now in the pre-election period . 
  also remember that slovakia and hungary filed a lawsuit against the decision and this has n't been resolved yet , so there 's still a possibilty that the decision might be revoked . 
  eu decisions can be altered , they 're not some irreversible god-send orders that we absolutely have to maintain under all circumstances , even if they show to be stupid . 
  instead when a law proves to be non-working , it actually should be altered . 
  obviously each situation is different and juncker should be smart enough to know when it 's appropriate to talk and when not . 
  this was not the appropriate time to threaten us in public , specially since the threat was already made clear , so there was no need to repeat it again . 
  juncker is in prague on the official visit for the first time if i 'm not mistaken , so his whole visit gets a lot of press coverage . 
  he had a chance to make a good impression , since most people here do n't really know him , but he decided to bring up the most sensitive topic right at the beginning of the visit and it obviously ended up all over the media . 
  just pointless . 
  yeah , right , because juncker is such a respectable , honest figure . 
  what would we do without his educational efforts . 
  the public is n't going to change its mind about the quotas regardless of what juncker says . 
  on the contrary his statements will only push the public more against the eu . 
  there is n't anything massively wrong with that , it 's just unnecessary . 
  the commission already made their position clear . 
  our politicians made their position clear . 
  more verbal posturing from juncker is n't going to change that , it is only going to make the czech public more eurosceptic . 
  we already got the message from the commission that they want to start infringement procedure against us . 
  there was no need for juncker to bring it up again . 
  but no , he comes to prague where he 's supposed to talk about defense integration and instead he just has to bring up this topic and unnecessarily escalate the tensions in our pre-election period . 
  he is about to meet our pm and plenty of our other politicians , he could very well discuss this privately with them and not flaming the tensions again in the public . 
  but that would n't be juncker since to him , being diplomatic is an unknown concept . 
  i do n't know , of course i ca n't speak for all western europeans , but i still think the majority of europeans , both western and eastern would recognize that the us is the most natural ally for us . 
  i mean if not the us , then who , russia or china ? 
   do you think it 's ok when countries offer the eu a buy-out everytime they are n't comfortable with the democratic decision that was made ? 
  uhm , yes ? 
  what is wrong about making that offer ? 
  that does n't mean others are obliged to accept the offer , but just offering an alternative solution , which in this case would mean financial compensations for not taking refugees , is n't something that would breach any rules . 
  it 's just a part of normal negotiation . 
  the problem of our politicians is that it 's extremely unpopular among the public and they are not exactly keen on commiting a political suicide right before the elections . 
  additionaly , accepting this scheme will just encourage the commission to try to push through a pernament relocation system which is something our politicians really , really want to avoid . 
  yeah , that deal with turkey ... which is partly suspended , since turkey decided not to accept any refugees back from us anymore and which lives and dies with the goodwill of erdogan ... very reassuring . 
  and frontex does n't manage to stop the influx from north africa to italy at all , on the contrary , the numbers of arrivals are still rising . 
  hmm , you know who would be quite happy about lifting russian sanctions ? 
  hungary . 
  orb\u00e1n is a good buddy with putin . 
  he would n't mind at all if closer relations with russia were achieved , as you put it . 
  slovakia is in general quite pro-russian as well . 
  we 're somewhere in the middle . 
  the only strongly anti-russia v4 country is poland . 
  the proposed buy-out is just an attempt to re-negotiate the current state . 
  it did n't work out , but there 's nothing illegimate about re-negotiations . 
  the author of the original post argued that we should have tried to offer financial compensation , so i pointed out that we did . 
  it did n't convince the other member states , but that does n't mean we should not have at least tried . 
  as opposed to the quota system , under which the refugees do n't stay in their assigned countries and all concentrate in we ? 
  that is a solution to the problem ? 
  okay , as for the czech public - there is n't any consistent attitude towards multi-speed europe . 
  the majority of people do n't even understand what the concept means . 
  it 's more so the case that the czech public has problems with some forms of further integration , but does n't have problems with others . 
  for example defense cooperation is something that is generally seen as unproblematic and uncontroversial , while common asylum policy is something that people see unfavourably . 
  also euro is very unpopular here . 
  of course this kind of cherry-picking is n't very sustainable in the long term and the question is what our politicians will do once they 're confronted with that . 
  but i ca n't give you an answer for that , because our politics in general is n't very predictable . 
  we have general elections this october and the presidential elections in january . 
  some politicians do want to be in the inner circle of the ( hypothethical ) multi-speed eu , while others would be fine with staying at the periphery .
