  you know , it 's really hard to somehow change national mentality . 
  you can never do that overnight . 
  right now , we 're trying to solve this problem in a quicker way and that means on the eu level . 
  because it 's really hard to create a customer pressure in a country , where people are n't used to voicing their complaints and where the food prices/salary ratio is considerably higher than in germany , so many people simply can not afford anything else than buying the cheap shit . 
  right . 
  the financial damages that ns2 is gon na mean for some ee countries are totally imaginary , just like the financial damages of the us sanctions are just pure paranoia / s. 
  obviously the geopolitical concerns are a bit more abstract since you ca n't put an exact number on them , but that absolutely does n't mean they can just be dismissed . 
  no matter how you try to spin it , ns2 is not in ee 's interests . 
  germany does n't care about it and goes ahead anyway because it 's in your interests . 
  then you get mad when the us has the same approach to you . 
  well , it 's not a big thing , but it also was n't completely random . 
  there are some 7k mongolians in czechia ( legally ) . 
  obviously that 's a small number compared to ukrainians ( 109k ) and vietnamese ( 60k , not counting those who already have czech citizenship ) , which are our two biggest non-eu minorities , but it 's a comparable number to other non-eu nations , such as the us ( 8k ) or china ( 6k ) . 
  the only other bigger non-eu minority are the russians ( 35k ) . 
  that 's funny , since that 's exactly what you 're doing to the eastern europe with nord stream 2 . 
  sucks to be on the receiving end , huh ? 
  i do n't want to sound mean or anything , but you know , we have a freedom of movement in the eu , so if you find the conditions in the czech republic or poland or any other cee country so unsatisfying ( i agree , it 's not perfect , but at the same time , your view seems a bit too negative to me ) , you can easily move to the west or to the north . 
  if you feel unhappy with your life currently , it might be a good move for you . 
  i 'm not trying to say `` you do n't like it here , so get out '' , you 're of course entitled to have a critical opinion , i just think that if the life here frustrates you too much , why not move somewhere where you 'd be happier ? 
  specially since with eu passport , it 's not even that difficult . 
  what are you talking about , it 's not problematic to register at the employment office and you do get unemployment support as long as you can prove you have already contributed to the system , you also have your health and social insurance covered . 
  the only way to increase wages sustainably is through higher productivity . 
  for that to happen employers will have to invest in automation and that will eliminate some jobs . 
  there is no other way to do this if we do n't want to have 65 % of people receiving less than the average salary . 
  we do n't want to be stuck in the middle income economy forever . 
  and it 's not like this necessarily have to cause a big raise in unemployment . 
  in germany people have much higher salaries , but they still have low unemployment . 
  i guess we would have to see the system from the inside to see where the main problems lie . 
  all i know that from the outside , it looks really bad . 
  i do n't have any illusions that it 's perfect in other countries , but when you look how long it takes us to build highways compared to how long it takes in , say , austria , you can see that we clearly have an issue . 
  the problem with high-speed railways is the same as the problem with building more houses or building new highways ... we have huge problems with our infrastracture legislation and bureaucracy . 
  everythin is just so damn slow . 
  and i do n't have very high hopes that this will change any time soon , since the our brightest and most capable people mostly stay as far as they can from the public sector and politics . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , what 's your education/skills ? 
  have you considered changing a job field ? 
  with the right qualification , you could really do much better in prague . 
  it 's the same over here with lower educated manual positions . 
  there are like 180k open posititons that nobody wants to fill because the salaries are ridiculously low . 
  the company does this on purpose so that they can say that no czech is interested in their position so they have to hire an ukrainian/serb/mongolian / whoever else . 
  at the same time getting a non-eu worker here is a bureaucratic hell , so then you hear them constantly whining in the media how they ca n't find any people and how the state is not allowing them to get foreigners quickly . 
  it does n't really include all job fields and it basically completely ignores the state sector , but otherwise good data . 
  hopefully this trend of raising wages will continue . 
  sure , some employers will find it difficult to keep up with it , but the unemployment is very low so we should be able survive it if some employers have to quit . 
  in the long term it could ( hopefully ) force the employers to focus on higher productivity . 
  honestly if it was n't for the horrible housing situation , i would n't have that much to complain about how things currently are in the czech republic ( in terms of economy ) . 
  yep , pretty much . 
  basically only parties that specifically target the most eu-friendly part of out population can afford to say something like `` we do n't agree with quotas , but it 's the law now , so we have to accept it '' . 
  all the other parties that target the more mainstream society simply can not accept the system , it would be a huge hit for them in the elections . 
   mr avramopoulos welcomed the advocate general 's opinion but added the `` door was still open '' for the central-eastern countries to change their stance on the refugee quotas . 
   `` if these member states decide to change position we are ready to work with them to address their concerns '' , he said . 
  `` we are at the last stage but there is still time . 
  lets hope reason will prevail . '' the door is absolutely closed here at the very least untill the elections in october . 
  there is simply no chance that the social democrats or ano change their view on this . 
  but even after the elections , i do n't see much space for any backtracking . 
  ano is probably gon na end up in a stronger position than they are right now and ano is even more strongly against the quotas than the social democrats . 
  unless the fines are totally cripling , they will quite likely rather choose paying the fines . 
  that map comes from one of czech newspapers i have honestly no idea where they got those numbers from . 
  some of the numbers really might be inaccurate , but at the same time , some seem right - for example the number of czechs in the uk and germany . 
  but yeah , it 's clear that in the case of netherlands , they clearly only count people who came there after 1993 . 
  those are all people from the countries coloured blue - i.e. 
  v4 + romania and bulgaria . 
  red are czechs only . 
  because this reducing of dependency is going against their interest of having ns2 build . 
  plus a large portion of the german society and german political elites do n't really see russia as a hostile entity . 
  they recognize that russia has interests in ee , but as long russia does n't start any military conflict , they do n't mind occasionally screwing over ee when they can make a particularely lucrative deal with russia . 
  and also , germany does n't view tsi as a project that is just supposed to reduce the energy dependency of its members . 
  they worry that it 's a project that is supposed to politically and economically strenghten cee at the expense of germany and the eu . 
  in other words , germany and we got used to the situation when they have a massive amount of influence in cee and they worry that tsi , particularely countries like poland and hungary , have an interest in changing that . 
  what veto are you talking about ? 
  we had no veto , we just voted against but were outvoted . 
  there is no guarantee that we would have veto if the pernament system was voted on . 
  it would probably be a qmv again . 
   actually it is very clear where europe is going to retaliate : if us actions directly harm eu/european interests . 
  they do n't harm eu interests and you know that . 
  they harm the interests of several european companies from several european countries . 
  if these countries wish to retaliate against the us , fine , but do n't drag the rest of the eu in this . 
  we do n't want a conflict with the us over a project that we do n't agree with in the first place . 
  i know , i hope we will do so . 
  france and germany are a strong duo when they push for something together , but you 're right that we should absolutely stand up for ourselves . 
  curiously though this has n't even received lots of traction over here right for now . 
  the uk is pre-occupied with brexit , poland has their own internal struggle , netherlands still does n't even have a government yet ... but it 's possible that there are negotiations going on behind the closed doors that we do n't know about . 
  i absolutely hope that my country does n't side with germany on this , because their stance is frankly speaking just disgusting . 
   putin was a damn fool to try to interfere with the americans . 
  the way the system is set up , with competing centres of power , it was naive of him to think he could control the country just by controlling the president . 
  you are now seeing the institutions of the superpower ferociously defending themselves and their country , and the net result will be worse for russia than it would have been if they 'd just stayed clear . 
  that was actually something i was thinking too when i first heard about the sanctions . 
  it 's easy to bully your small neighbours with hacking attacks and disinformation campaigns . 
  it 's a bit more difficult to do it to larger european countries , but it 's still doable as long as they have relatively close trade/energetic ties with you that they do n't want to lose . 
  but to do this to the most powerful country on the planet , which has been your adversary for the past few decades and which is n't in any way energetically or economicaly dependent on you ? 
  i was surprised that the russians dared . 
  and i was expecting a very strong reaction . 
  but then trump was elected and i thought that it actually worked for russians . 
  it 's really very good to see that it has not fully worked . 
   p.s. 
  congress also controls treaties - and if the eu plays it 's hand badly , congress will start to wonder why nato is there to defend europe from russia . 
  after all here is europe putting sanctions on america because the us is putting sanctions on russia . 
  which means eurrope loves russia and does n't need defending from it , right ? 
  ` europe ' does n't want to place any sanctions on the us . 
  it 's just several european countries ( albeit yes , including the powerful ones like germany and france ) who want this , because their companies will probably be affected . 
  the vast majority of cee countries who need nato the most are not in favour of it .
