  of course that would the best possible solution . 
  but sea borders are not so easily defensible as land borders . 
  the international law orders us to save any ship in distress . 
  also once the migrants reach the international law , they can already ask for asylum and the international law does n't allow us to deport them until their application is processed and rejected . 
  this all makes it difficult to prevent people from coming . 
  of course in the ideal case we would run refugee camps in the north africa and we would be bringing everyone there and then let in europe only carefully selected people . 
   a more prudent measure is to refuse entry to anyone who does not have official documents , and of course to anyone whose documents look suspicious . 
  well obviously that would be the ideal case , but it 's not exactly realistic because the migrants are simply not waiting to have their documents accepted , they are making the journey on their own and while they 're already here , they have the right to have their application processed . 
  what i had in my mind was strict medical checks on everyone who claims to be underage , of course apart from those who just obviously look like small children . 
  i know the medical exams are not 100 % accurate , so i would give cca 2 years tolerance , meaning that if someone was claiming to be 17 , but the medical check showed that they 're 19 , they could still pass . 
  but i really can not tolerate that people in their 20s or even 30s are posing as teenagers and they can get away with it . 
  what 's also appaling is that he seemed to have said to the greek authorities that he was 17 , then 3 years later , he told the same exact age to the german authorities . 
  i wonder how old he actually is . 
  it 's pretty possible that he already lied about his age to the greek authorities . 
  you guys have to really start checking the migrants ' age more properly in germany . 
   eh , i think bibi should have had a polite talk for half an hour and that 's all yep , so we can agree on that  imo this would be a much better , grown-up way to handle this situation . 
  well i guess it 's your business how you handle this situation , but i still think that it would be way more classy from israeli politicians to act with the minimal politeness towards her , instead of making up excuses like that they ca n't fit the meeting into their schedule when everyone obviously knows what the real reason for not meeting her is . 
  at least they should have had the guts to say it openly that they simply do n't want to meet with her . 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  diplomacy can help trade though . 
  it 's not the necessary requirement for strong business ties , but it 's also not a coincidence that you often have business delegations coming with the fms on official visits . 
  but i get that more trade with sweden is not essential to you . 
  but do n't you think that describing sweden as hostile is a bit too strong word ? 
  i mean , i would say iran is hostile to you . 
  sweden is definitely not your fan , they 're very critical , but it 's not like they 're preaching the destruction of israel . 
  does sweden really have nothing to offer ? 
  sweden is a rich economically advanced country with a high level of innovation . 
  i 'm sure israeli companies would benefit from increasing trading ties with sweden . 
  sure , it 's not a key market for you , but it 's also not completely insignificant . 
  i do n't understand what is this boycott supposed to achieve . 
  it seems just petty . 
  i obviously get that israeli politicians do n't agree with her views , but part of their job is talking to people they do n't agree with . 
  they do n't have to like what she thinks but simply not communicating is not gon na make sweden any more pro-israel . 
  this is the first time i 've heard of this sub . 
  is it supposed to be a parody of the subs for trump and le pen or what ? 
   would you like to increase that chance though ? 
  in that case vote left . 
  we do n't have the kind of left that you have in mind here . 
  maybe the greens , but they 're irrelavant , they do n't have enough votes to even reach the parliament . 
  other than that there 's no relevant party supporting open borders or accepting large numbers of refugees . 
  it 's simple really , some 70 % of people refuse accepting refugees , the rest wants only small numbers , so politicians here reflect on that . 
  including the left wing ones . 
  and btw . 
  the left wing/right wing labels do n't really mean here what they mean in the we . 
  here the left/right split is still more defined by the economic policies . 
  the vast majority of rapes happen inside a family/friends circle . 
  as a white european woman i 'm way more likely to be attacked by someone i know instead of a random refugee/migrant . 
  i do n't see the far right addressing this kind of sexual aggression . 
  that 's why i see their pro-women advocacy as a hypocrisy . 
  they do n't actually give a fuck about women 's security , they are just using this topic to push their agenda . 
  this does n't mean that i do n't recognize that islamic culture is deeply hostile to women . 
  but i 'm not a single issue voter , so i 'm not gon na choose a party/candidate only based on their attitude to the migrant crisis . 
  fortunately in cee i do n't even have to deal with this problem at all , since basically all relevant parties are against migration from mena so i do n't have to vote for some bunch of far-right populists just because they advocate a strict migration policy . 
  choosing between van der bellen and hoffer would be a bigger dilemma for me , but i can totally see why most austrian voters decided to go with vdb . 
  i would probably do the same . 
   i myself believe we need more politicians like that though , be they left or right . 
  i think we need more level-headed politicians who know how to build back bridges among the different groups in a society , not any more drama queens , who are pre-convinced that their opinions are the only right one and who only polarize the society further . 
  that 's some impressive problem-solving skills . 
  i 'm surprised that nobody is asking the most important question and that is whether the glue was ok this time . 
   they 're not deal-shopping though . 
  they 're doing what is necessary to survive . 
  you 'll notice most of the intermediate `` safe countries '' have no family reunification provisions unlike countries like sweden and germany . 
  family reunification is guaranteed by the international treaties on refugees which all european countries signed . 
  yes , it 's true that in some countries it works better than in other countries . 
  we countries are nowadays postponing family reunifications as much as possible as well to discourage the refugees from trying to make the journey and reducing their overall numbers . 
  the chance of having your family joining you any time soon is slim basically everywhere in europea nowadays . 
  also , it 's not just about family reunifications . 
  we 've had many cases in europe when whole families which are brought be relocation or resettlement programmes leave eastern and southern european countries to go to germany and sweden . 
  this clearly is n't about family reunifications , this is about country-shopping and it is happening in czechia , poland , baltic countries , portugal , bulgaria , romania , you name it . 
   if gaming the system to prevent that is `` assholeish '' to you then shrug i dunno what to tell you . 
  it 's exactly what i 'd do , and i do n't think i 'm much of an asshole . 
  how is it not assholish ? 
  you come to a country , asking for help . 
  the country takes you , helps you and the first thing you do is spit on their laws and rules . 
  it is not europe 's fault that your family is stuck in turkey , certainly not the fault of the region i 'm from . 
  it is an unfortunate situation , but it does not give anyone the right to `` game the system '' . 
  seriously , how can you think this is ok ? 
  if you did n't want to be separated from your family , you could have stayed with them in turkey , it 's not life-threatening in turkey . 
  if you decide to leave to get better living conditions , fine , but you do n't get to cheat and claim it 's fine , because you want to have your family to join you . 
  cheating is not fine , not respecting the law is not fine . 
  if you still do that , you deserve to be punished for trying to fool the asylum authorities . 
  if we 're not stricted with the asylum seekers and if we do n't enforce our own laws , then we might as well open the door for everyone . 
  fuck it right , let 's just accept that everyone is under 18 and welcome them all in . 
  yeah , right , so just because it 's logical to act selfishly and try to get the best possible conditions for yourself and your family by lying about your age , we should probably tolerate it or what ? 
  you do realize that this kind of behaviour ( lying about nationality , age and other things ) is exactly what later on ( when it gets exposed ) creates resentment among the general public , so then when an actual child comes , nobody will care anymore ? 
  i get that some people are actual refugees and deserve help . 
  but the fact that they 're actual refugees does n't mean that it is somehow understandable if they lie . 
  it is also not understandable if they are refusing to come to any other country then the few richest ones in europe . 
  seriously just because they 're refugees does n't mean that they can do no wrong and we should excuse all their action saying `` well , it 's totally logical to act like assholes , i would do the same thing '' . 
  thanks for the detailed reply . 
  i really was not trying to say that all brits dislike ees or even that all leave voters dislike ee migrants . 
  i realize there were more factors adding up and that different people had different motivations to vote out . 
  and even in the case of people who do dislike ee migrants , you 're right that to some extent , it 's understandable . 
  or it at least could have been expected due to their socio-economic conditions . 
  however i sometimes have a feeling that in the uk ( or maybe in the we in general , but the uk would be the best example of this ) ee migrants are simply the easiest target . 
  you said it yourself , that they 're the perfect scape goat . 
  i feel like people in the uk , partly because of the collonial past , have learnt that hating on people of different colours or religion is bad ( i am not talking about the real hard core racists here , those will hate on everyone regardless ) , or at least it 's not so socially accepted . 
  ethnic and religious minorities get a bit of extra protection . 
  it 's simply no longer possible to just say that you do n't want any black/brown people in your country . 
  ee migrants do n't have this protection .
