  it is the same in the case of the relocation system though , the relocated refugees are leaving from basically all eastern european countries and also some southern european countries , so it might be in the short-term helping greece and italy , but in the long term , all the refugees will end up in germany or sweden anyway . 
  which is btw . 
  fine by me , i do n't want anyone here that does n't voluntarily want to stay here . 
  actually back in 2016 , we accepted several dozens of iraqi refugees through resettlement programmes , they left to germany and they were allowed to stay there . 
  apparently they got some temporary special kind of church asylum ( they were christians ) and in the meantime , they deadline for returning them to the czech republic under the dublin treaty passed , so they were allowed to re-apply for the asylum in germany and they got it . 
  the lessons i learned from that is that if you can avoid being returned back for long enough , you 'll eventually be allowed to stay . 
  yes , unfortunately , transforming an economy is a very difficult thing . 
  ee countries are n't in a position where they could just easily do this and it 's very well possible that we wo n't ever be able to fully do this . 
  convergence is simply not happening fast enough . 
  someone who really drives only in france and germany should respect french or german labour laws . 
  but someone who is only transfering through germany and france for example on their way to the uk should n't . 
  uhm , because in many we countries the minumum wage is higher than the average wage in many ee countries ? 
  you can not just make such a huge wage raise overnight . 
  the vast majority of employers would n't tolerate it and would move elsewhere . 
  many others would simply go bankrupt . 
  eastern european economies have not yet reached the northwestern european model that drives on the production of high-added value products and services which makes the labour productivity very high . 
  in ee the labour productivity is n't that high so cheaper work force is one of the main competitive advantages that ee has . 
  basically all ee countries are to some extent trying to make the economic transition and move from cheap labour to high productivity , but you can not make that transition artificially overnight . 
  it 's a long difficult process that has to be achieved through the transformation of the economic model . 
  yeah , i think there should be a distinction between someone whose job is clearly based overwhelmingly in one country ( i.e. 
  a construction worker who works in france or a driver that drives only in germany ) and someone who is merely traveling through several countries to deliver goods in his final destination . 
  so if a polish company sends a polish driver to deliver goods from poland to the uk , i really do n't see any reason why that polish worker should be paid french or german minimal wage just because he happens to drive through germany and france . 
  what ? 
  you suggest that all eu countries should have the same minimal wage ? 
  how do you think it would be possible for , say , romania and luxembourg to have the same minimal wage ? 
  it would absolutely destroy eastern european economies . 
  ah , i see , thanks . 
  there should be some reasonable compromise on this . 
  i agree that sending constructions workers that work in france probably on relatively long-term basis and do not receive a minimal french wage should n't be allowed . 
  at the same time , france and germany for example also demand that truck drivers which are only driving through their country should be paid their minimal wage which i think is totally unreasonable . 
  those people are simply transfering goods through their country , they 're not working in france or germany the same way the construction workers do . 
  i do n't understand what do you think needs to be done at the european level ? 
  if the companies are breaking french labour laws , it 's the french authorities that should punish them , no ? 
  fine the companies that do this until they start respecting french minimal wage . 
  [ but how about * slun\u00ed\u010dko * ? 
   ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yua5rrkjdmi ), 
   not wanting to drive in the same car with them , because they 're muslims actually getting in a car with any stranger can potentionally be quite dangerous , specially if you 're a woman and that stranger is a man . 
  you 're putting yourself at a certain level of an increased risk , since when you 're in a car , you 're in a closed small enviroment from which you can not easily escape and unless you 're the driver , you also have no way of controlling the vehicle . 
  in that kind of situation , it makes perfect sense to refuse to get in a car with someone , if you 're not sure that you 'd be safe with that person . 
  that does n't mean that you think that the person absolutely must be a sexual offender , you just take reasonable precautions . 
  women do this all the time , specially when they 're in some insecure situation or they know they 're about to enter an insecure situation , they automatically try to evaluate if a man poses a threat or not and of course this evaluation lies heavily on intuition and stereotypes rather than on some empirical evidence . 
  among some women , muslims have a reputation that they do not treat women , especially western-looking women respectfully . 
  some women also have personal negative experience . 
  these women will simply be more careful around muslim-looking men . 
  that does n't mean that they think all muslims are rapists , it 's just how you automatically behave to reduce the risk of putting yourself in a dangerous situation . 
  it 's not assholish behaviour . 
  haha , got me there . 
  even though in my case , it 's more like `` someone is wrong about my country '' . 
  ca n't have people spreading false information about my country , what kind of czech would i be ? 
  i know it was n't the main point , but it was still simply wrong information . 
   and this doesnt even address to fact that cz agreed to the migrant redistribution and then decided to go back on its word . 
  nope , we voted against it from the beginning . 
  it was poland that changed its mind after voting for . 
  well the average salary in prague is cca 1400 euro . 
  of course in certain positions and fields you can get much higher than that and in other jobs much lower that that . 
  for example for people in it , the salary/cost of living ratio is actually pretty good . 
  however if you work in some low-skilled position , you 'd have a much higher time . 
  prague is still considerably cheaper than most of western european cities , specially when it comes to rents , services , entertainment , public transportation and so on , however specially the rents and real estate have been going up very quickly over the last few years . 
  there is a similar trend in the second biggest czech city - brno - although not as strong as in prague . 
  to be honest , i 'm pretty worried that eventually we 'll get similar kind of problems like they have in we with housing crises , yet we 'll keep having much lower salaries . 
   wages in prague specifically are picking up . 
  so are the rents and real estate prices . 
   neither you nor the other poster actually answered how visible ethnic minorities would be viewed there . 
  especially as most are more open with their faith . 
  well , we can only give your our best guess , since there are n't any public opinion polls asking directly how people would like british , french or other western europeans of north african , pakistani or bangladeshi origin . 
  so my guess would be that in prague or brno , people of different races would n't be bothered . 
  at least not by the vast majority of people . 
  you can of course meet a racist dick everywhere . 
  in small towns and villages , i can imagine such people would get some stares and in some cases , even some mild form of racism . 
  when it comes to islam , it would really depend on how conservative they would be about their faith . 
  basically , the more devout , they more they could expect that czech people would be uncomfortable around them . 
  that does n't necessarily mean that they would face abuse , but they would likely have big troubles to fit in the mainstream society . 
  we know that not all sudeten germans were nazis or nazi supporters . 
  the post you replied to even specifically admits that collective guilt was applied against sudeten germans . 
  i 'm sorry for what happened to your family . 
  none of this however changes the fact that the majority of sudeten germans voted for a party affiliated with hitler . 
  none of it changes the fact that germany occupied bohemia and moravia for 7 years , terrorized the population , murdered tens of thousands of czech people and almost entirely wiped out our jewish minority . 
  thus it 's quite understandable that there was a huge amount of hatred targeted at germans after ww2 . 
  it was very unfortunate that innocent people got caught in this , but war is shit and things like that just happen in most wars, 
  well according to news reports , this has been happening basically in all eastern european countries and also some southern european countries that cooperate in the refugee quotas system . 
  that 's why i feel it 's so pointless to force us into taking the refugees . 
  they do n't want to be here . 
  they want to be in the western europe with their communities . 
   it became apparent that they would also not approve of i.e. 
  a christian arab or asian immigrating , simply because in the end it was about race and not religion . 
  well , that 's because many people over here are totally ignorant and think that arabs = muslims . 
  we actually tried resettling iraqi christians and poland did the same . 
  this faced very little public opposition . 
  however the majority of the resettled people left to germany shortly after they arrived here and this is when the public support was lost . 
  nowadays people are quite strongly against all mena migration , not just because most of them are muslims , but also because they do n't believe our help is wanted or appreciated . 
   if klaus ' or other similar sentiments were purely aimed at an intolerant ideology i could understand them better yeah , klaus is a lost case , you should n't take him too seriously . 
  he 's a climate change denier , friend of putin , le pen and afd . 
  he does n't really hold any political power anymore , he just gets free media attention , because he 's the former president . 
  you know , live and let live does n't mean ` do whatever you fucking want ' . 
  it means ` do whatever you fucking want as long as you do n't bother other people ' . 
  one of the reasons why the czech public is so hysterical about any possibility of muslim immigration ( apart from it being perceived as a security threat ) is because islam is widely perceived not just as a religion , but as an ideology that seeks to put restrictions on people 's social and political lives . 
  this goes absolutely against the notion of ` live and let live ' , people simply do n't think that muslims respect the ` let live ' part . 
  and that part is extremely important for czechs , who have been traditionally allergic to religious opression . 
  islam is nowadays seen as a religion that dictates people how they should dress , what they should eat and drink , how can people interact with the opposite gender etc. , but more importantly it 's seen as a religion that seeks to force its rules not just on believers , but also on non-believers . 
  or if not directly force , then at least demand concessions from the mainstream public .
