  not to mention that raising the deficit by 25 % is already too much . 
  i 'm gon na repeat myself , we 're not sweden , we can not afford such luxuries . 
  young people already have good enough conditions here , they have free unis and plenty of part-time jobs available in the big university cities . 
  in other developed countries , they have to take massive loans to finance their studies . 
  our problems with our education system lie somewhere else , the affordability of unis is not the main problem . 
  i would much rather focus the attention at the youngest children or early teens who are too young to decide about themselves than focus it on young adults , who are already old enough to take resposibility for themselves . 
   for comparison , we spent 400 million last year alone subsidizing the food industry ( mostly agrofert ) . 
  i 'm in general not a fan of subsidies at all , but this is unfortunately how the entire european agricultural sector is set up , there 's no way of getting off that train without destroying our own farmers . 
   the top 20 % are already separated from the rest , because we just gave up on fixing it before we even began . 
  i agree but as i said , trying to fix this at the university level is too late . 
   and i 'm happy for it , because my education was as good as it gets here thanks to it . 
  but it 's not absolutely necessary to attend the top gymn\u00e1zium in the biggest cities to suceed in life . 
  i mean , i did n't go to any of the expensive private elementary or high schools , like porg or others . 
  i 'm from a small town , where there was just one regular gymn\u00e1zium , nothing special about it , but the vast majority of the graduates still get into unis , most finish it and have okayish careers . 
  of course it 's not the hardvard/yale/oxford / cambridge path that the graduates from the top high schools take , but then it 's clear that this is always going to be a highly selective thing . 
  just by not being born in prague or brno , you 're already disadvantaged , since the selection of elementary or high schools simply is very limited . 
  growing up in a 10k town just does n't give you as many educational opportunities as growing up in prague . 
  that 's just how it is , i could whine about it , but that would n't change a thing . 
  we all just have to work with what we have . 
  well i 'm not actually such a big fan of the us system . 
  i 'm in favour of a higher education that is open to everyone , so that even people from poor families can study at a university without ending up in a massive debt . 
  however asking the state to also pay the living expenses of the students is just too much . 
  our country can not afford such luxuries , we 're not the nordics . 
  and yes , i have little sympathy for people , who make irresponsible choices and then expect state to help them . 
  or people who always do just the bare minimum in whatever they do and then end up surprised that their life is n't all that great . 
  i would talk differently if we were living in a country with little opportunities and high unemployment , but we 're not . 
  i also kind of understand the frustration of some of the young people in the west , who objectively are n't in such a good situation as their parents ' generation . 
  but that 's also not the case here . 
  our generation has the most opportunities to make good lives for ourselves in the czech republic compared to the previous generations , or if people do n't like it here , they can literaly move anywhere in the eu . 
  so i find young people who constantly whine how hard the life is for them in the czech republic a bit annoying . 
  we have free unis . 
  we have the lowest unemployment in the eu . 
  the salaries , specially for university educated people are also not that bad . 
  we have a freedom of movement in the eu . 
  in every university city , there are tons of part-time jobs for students available . 
  if someone can not use these opportunities , then it 's their problem . 
  the state could do more to improve the schooling system , so that it supports young under-performing children when they 're still in the elementary schools , but at the university level , young people should be able to take care of themselves . 
  the state should more so give the universities more money , so that they provide quality education . 
  hmm , interesting . 
  i guess on one had , it 's good to have a strong intelligence network when it comes to external threats , but on the other hand when this network is connected with politics , it starts to be concerning . 
  well if he 's involved in the intelligence agencies , he probably ca n't be that incompetent ? 
  though i do n't think such people should be in politics at all . 
  secret services and politics should be strictly separated , otherwise you 're asking for troubles . 
  jeez , central-east europe just somehow ca n't get its shit together right ? 
  as for now , in the czech republic , the politicians run the economy semi-competently . 
  i mean , obviously , they could still be much better at what they do , but it could also be much worse . 
  overall i 'm relatively satisfied with how we 're currently doing in the economic terms . 
  progress was surprisingly made even in the anti-corruption legislation . 
  however when it comes to international relations , our politicians seem to be too skilled at making everyone else in europe mad at us , which really is n't the most constructive approach . 
  you on the other hand have it the other way around . 
  i guess you ca n't have it all . 
  at the same time , perhaps psd wo n't be that bad even in the internal politics , i mean , you 're joining that european public prosecutor office ( or whatever the correct name is ) , so perhaps that will provide more oversight . 
   spreading lies about the euro , he might as well be considered anti-eu . 
  it 's the pre-election period here and the czech population is overwhelmingly against euro , that 's why he uses such a strong language . 
  he 's not really ideologically anti-eu . 
  i bet you hardly know anything about czech politics , so perhaps stop making definite judgements over who can or can not be considered anti-eu . 
  not wanting the euro is not anti-eu anyway . 
  plenty of other eu countries do n't have euro . 
  we 're not hurting anyone by not being in the eurozone . 
   it would probably be harder for him to be a corrupt asshole if he has to do his accounting in euros . 
  oh come one , you know that this is a nonsense , it does n't matter in what currency his accounting is . 
  he owns a huge agricultural/chemical corporation that is active in other eu countries , plus he gets lots of eu farm subsidies , so large portion of his accounting already is in euros . 
   face it , he wants his cake and eat it too . 
  actually , he is not one of the people saying `` we do n't want further integration and we also do n't want multi-speed europe so that nobody else can integrate further '' . 
  he actually said that he 's okay with multi-speed europe and if some countries want to integrate more , they should be able to , however he does n't want us to be in the core . 
   dog-whistle politics is political messaging employing coded language that appears to mean one thing to the general population but has an additional , different or more specific resonance for a targeted subgroup . 
  this is not a good definition in this case though . 
  everyone understands what babi\u0161 meant by ` social parasites ' . 
  it 's not just some specific subgroup that understands it , it 's virtually the entire czech population that knows the meaning . 
  the reason why he says it this way is n't so that some people understand him , while others interpret it differently , the reason is that it 's not socially acceptable to single out one specific ethnic group . 
  it would create a big media shit storm , ngo criticism , possibly also criticism from international human rights organization , so it 's not worth it to say it like this , it 's better to use a term that everyone understands but that does n't openly say the word ` gypsy ' . 
  it does n't affect your countries . 
  whatever problems we might make for ourselves by electing babi\u0161 will very likely stay here . 
  us not joining the eurozone does n't create any problems for you . 
  also , babi\u0161 is not really anti-eu , he opposes joining the eurozone , but he is not against the eu as a whole . 
  i 'm sorry if i sounded unsensitive . 
  however there absolutely are people who could use these programmes , but are n't using them , because they have no interest in actually finding a job . 
  let 's not pretend like all unemployed people live in areas with non-existing infrastructure . 
  for those who are really have no way of getting to and from work by the public transport , it 's obviously different . 
  the state should invest in such areas to improve the infrastructure . 
  also , i was n't arguing for cutting the support for people who are unemployed by factors beyond their control , such as sickness or the lack of any suitable jobs in the town/village and a lack of means to get from the town to another town . 
  if the local labour office really can not find any suitable job for them , then it does n't make sense to penalise them . 
  i would only approave cutting the benefits for those who could easily find a job , the labour office even offers them a job , but they refuse to accept it . 
   the state should make sure the children of the poor have the same shot as the children of those that are well-off , right ? 
  what else can the state do but offering free unis ? 
  you mention denmark , but we 're not denmark or sweden or finland . 
  we 're much poorer than them . 
  where are we going to find the money for paying students to study ? 
  do you have any idea what it would mean for the state budget to pay , say , 7k to all uni students ? 
  our schooling system actually is n't institutionally unequal . 
  there are only a few countries that pay students to study and as i said , there 're all much richer and have higher taxation . 
  i do n't think people in the czech republic would be fine with the state rapidly raising their taxes to the same level of sweden . 
  i would certainly not be fine with that . 
  what makes our system unequal are n't the formalities , but the informalities . 
  the fact that teachers are paid badly and are unmotivated . 
  this goes especially for the teachers in the schools in the poor neighbourhoods . 
  they do n't know how to work with the kids coming from under priviledged background . 
  often the family itself drags the kid down because they do n't teach the kids that education has value . 
  by the time the kid is 15 and decides about high school , the damages are already done and you 're not gon na solve this problem by throwing money at it on the university level . 
  it 's too late by then .
