  university ( 3 years for bachelor , another 2 for master ) * maturita exam is just the basic requirement , for most of the unis , you either have to have good grades , or you have to do the entering exams ( or both ) . 
  the entering exams are different for each uni ( often for each faculty as well ) . 
  * most of the uni fields are structured into 3 years bachelor programmes followed by 2 years master programmes , however there are also non-interrupted 5 years programmes which finish with a master degree ( for example law ) . 
  medical schools take even longer to finish . 
  * there 's also another type of uni , which is more practically oriented , however these finish with some weird crappy degree and they 're in general looked down upon, 
  ouch , even poland gets to be an observer :d but you know , technically , you never were in austria-hungary . 
  so it kinda makes sense . 
  plus you 're just too big . 
  you ca n't just stumble into regional cooperation groups . 
  you would dominate them . 
  nowadays you 're even too strong for the eu , specially with the uk leaving . 
  it originally started as a common activity of italy , austria , hungary and yugoslavia ( when it still existed ) , so it was more of a central-southern european initiative , focused on the balkans . 
  that 's probably why germany was n't involved at first . 
  as for why you did n't join later ... i 'm not sure , probably you were not interested ? 
  i mean , the number of countries joining indicates that the initiative is n't very restrictive in accepting new members . 
  slovenia was actually offered the membership in v4 in the early 90s , but they declined . 
  there is also [ this thing ] ( http://www.cei.int/ ) , but afaik it 's no way as active and visible as the visegrad group , nordic council or benelux . 
  it has not much to do with our economic performance or the economic performance of other cee countries . 
  i would say it has more to do with our mentality , czechs in general tend to be distrustful of any foreign powers , plus we 've had many euro-sceptic politicians in the positions of power in the past , who talked shit about the eu basically all the time , so that also made some effect on the public discourse . 
  of course the way the eu handled the recent crisis ( migrant crisis , or the greek/eurozone debt crisis ) is not helping as well . 
  still , the young generation tends to be the most pro-eu out of all age groups . 
  basically the older people get , the more likely they 're gon na be euro-sceptic . 
  sounds cool  but no , seriously , i do n't actually mind how you guys are making your kolaches , i was just joking . 
  i mean , it 's a little bit strange that you took the name and turned it into a completely different product , but it does n't really hurt anyone , does it . 
  with budweiser it 's a bit different , because that 's a specific brand , so it kind of matters when you just steal the name and start selling your own beer , but kol\u00e1\u010de are just a type of pastry , they do n't belong to anyone . 
  it 's just funny because i had an american friend coming over to visit in the summer and he 's originally from texas , so i really had to educate him on what `` real kolaches '' are . 
  but it 's nice to hear that there are some parts in the us where they still stick to the original recipe . 
  our kol\u00e1\u010de are always sweet pastry only . 
  the typical filling is either poppy seed or quark with a bit of jam or nuts in the middle . 
  it also has a round shape , it is flat and the filling is in the middle , not hidden inside it ( like in a roll ) . 
  it basically looks like [ this ] ( https://www.google.cz/search?q=kol%c3%a1%c4%8de&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1280&amp;bih=615&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjftlosqp3pahxld5okhsdgdtuq_auibigb ) . 
  that 's not really unpleasent czech truth though , that 's more like unpleasent russian truth . 
  of course when our politicians get bought ( cough , zeman , cough ) , we can blame ourselves as well , but it 's the russian state that is to blame primarely , they 're the ones who are conducting these activities here . 
  obviously it should be our politicians ' and secret services ' job to counter this ( and to be fair to them , the ministry of interior is starting a new special department for this ) , however we should also recognize that hybrid warfare , cyber attacks or espionage is something that russia is very good at . 
  this is not just us , many other countries in europe are struggling with this . 
  our situation is specially complicated , since as i said , the russian embassy in cz is over-staffed , whereas we will never have the tools to have as many diplomats in russia . 
  so if we just started to deport every russian diplomat who we suspect to be a spy , russia would immediately retaliate on 1-for-1 basis , so eventually we would end up with no diplomats in russia . 
  in general russian destabilization and desinformation campaigns are very sophisticated , they go hand in hand with corruption and europe as a whole is only helping them by failing to address both our internal and external issues . 
  it 's quite difficult to counter these campaigns , specially for cee countries because of the weakness of our public institutions , media , civil society and so on . 
  this is also not a czech-specific problem though , basically all other cee countries are facing this as well and i would argue that compared to some other cee countries , we are actually doing relatively ok . 
   there are many conflicts . 
  sometimes i get the impression that they just command us all the time . 
  that 's interesting , what are the conflicts about ? 
  i had a feeling that you and bavaria are for example having the same , more sceptical approach towards the migrants ( comparing to the rest of germany ) . 
   the truth is we really do n't have such a close ally like you have slovakia . 
  split your country in two pieces peacefully - and bam , you have a best friend . 
  worked for us :d but no , jokes aside , it surprises me that you do n't see bavaria as your closest friend . 
  i was hesitant if i should mention them , but only because they 're not an indepedent country , so i was n't sure if that counts . 
  i really thought you guys were the best friends to each other . 
   we live in 2016 and that there are still no highways is definitely a sign that both countries do n't see an important partner in each other . 
  yeah , that was pretty much my point . 
  we can be good neighbours and even friends , but the circumstances are simply not permitting us to be anything more than that . 
  we simply both have other countries that are strategically much more important to us . 
  and even in the sentimental kind of way - we already have this `` best friend '' country - slovaks . 
  and you have bavaria . 
   what are the external czech issues which do not concern us as well ? 
  well being a former communist country in the soviet sphere of influence , we simply have to deal with much more russian bullshit than you . 
  propaganda efforts , espionage activities , buying or attempting to buy political/business influence - we have it all . 
  i know they do these activities in western countries as well , but central/eastern europe suffers from this the most . 
  in cz this is multiplied by the fact that soviets basically build their infrastructure here during and after prague spring , so nowadays prague is like their center for cee espionage efforts . 
  the russian embassy in prague is ridiculously over-staffed , like a one third of them are spies with diplomatic cover . 
  so even though russia is not a threat to us militarily anymore ( or at least that scenario is extremely unlikely ) , it does n't mean they 're not a danger to us in other ways , specially since unlike in we countries , our institutions in general are just more vulnerable to abuse , since they 're younger and not as well established as yours . 
  just look at what 's going on in hungary and to lesser extent in poland . 
  you on the other hand are safely staying in your neutrality bubble and do not have to worry that the russians will try to challenge your current geopolitical position . 
   and who are your allies ? 
  because ours are just the other eu-countries including the czech republic . 
  we 're in nato and you 're not , so that kind of determines our alliances . 
  you have other eu countries , we still mainly rely on the us when it comes to security . 
  in the eu , we have v4 , even though we do n't stick together in all the cases . 
  your partners are mostly other we countries . 
  we 're also very close to israel , we 're probably their closest ally in the eu . 
  balkans is actually an area where i can see us working together , since we also support their integration in the eu . 
  our roads are a never-ending story . 
  in the post-2008 crisis our then finance minister went full austerity on the public infrastructure projects , now when the economy is doing better , we 're having the other extreme , when it feels like the entire country is under reconstruction and you can not literally go anywhere by car without having constant roadwork driving you crazy . 
  but anyway , better highway connection is not really going to solve everything in our relationship . 
  we simply do n't have that much in common anymore . 
  we 're dealing with different issues , we tend to have different allies , our economies are at a different level of development . 
  even though we 're neighbours , we 're not in the same position from the geopolitical point of view . 
  that does n't mean we ca n't have very solid and friendly relationships , we just simply are not strategically important to each other , so there is not enough will to push the relations to another level . 
  just google `` kolaches '' and go to the images . 
  like half of the pictures are some weird rolls filled with sausages/ham/meat / pepperoni and so on . 
  it 's just sad :(, 
  they also took our kol\u00e1\u010de and started to put sausages , ham , pepperoni or sauerkraut in it . 
  that 's like taking pizza and putting marmalade on it . 
  how could you do that to us americans , how ? 
  oh yes , sorry , i really did not mean to say that denmark specifically is actually more corrupted or anything . 
  i was just saying that perception indexes in general are not the most reliable form of empirical research . 
  yeah , it is the main reason for sure . 
  however we ca n't just blame communism for everything and cry how developed we were before ww2 . 
  we now have independence for more than 25 years . 
  during those years we have made mistakes that only we are responsible for . 
  we have the potential to do better than we 're doing ( not just in terms of economy ) , unfortunately we are not always fullfilling that potential . 
  i do n't mean to question denmark 's low level of corruption , but i would like to point out that measuring anything with `` perceptions '' is just very flawed by the very definition . 
  i realize that there are really no other effective ways to measure corruption , but i still take all these corruptions perceptions indexes with a grain of salt . 
  i remember reading an article a couple years back ( it was in the economist if i remember that correctly ) about a phenomenon of countries which went on a quest to fight corruption , only to end up even lower on the corruption perception index because there were simply more scandals uncovered that before ( which of course did n't mean that there were no scandals before , it was just that people did n't know about them ) . 
  that 's pretty accurate , but i would argue that the impacts are even bigger than this . 
  ussr imposing the communist regime on us is one of the main reasons we still significantly lag behind the western europe ( from the economic point of view ) , it also left many people stuck with the idea that stealing public money is alright as long as they can profit from it as well ( because `` who is not stealing from the state is stealing from his family '' ) , our institutions ( be it the legislative , judiciary , executive , law enforcing or media institutions ) are still more vulnerable to abuse than in the west , so despite the fact that the communist regime fell more than 25 years ago , we still have to somewhat worry about the overall democratic standards of our country . 
  so even though we have recovered pretty well ( specially given how regime changes often end up in other parts of the world ) , we still have plenty of work to do . 
  provided that everything goes reasonably well , it will still probably take a few generations to really overcome this . 
  obviously just as any nation , we have plenty of artists , statesmen , scientists or sportsmen , but when talking about our heroes , one of my first associations would be jan kubi\u0161 , josef gab\u010d\u00edk and the entire team of parachutists plus all the people from the czech resistence that helped them with their mission which was called [ operation anthropoid ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_anthropoid ) .
