  i would say that eu institutions probably attract highly intelligent people , who are capable of making thorough analysis and strategies on how to deal with today 's eu 's problems . 
  i do n't think it 's about a lack of competence , it 's probably more about a lack of will and thus also a lack of adequate tools . 
  you might very well have a perfect plan , but if you do n't have the money , you will never make the plan happen , no matter how good the plan is . 
   imo , europe should be contantly on the lookout for small neighboring countries who , with economic , military and institution-building assistance can be transformed into 1st-world countries . 
  that has actually been happening in our region ( cee ) and as you have pointed out - in the balkans . 
  why else do you think enlargement of the eu/nato is still on the table , when vast majority of europeans would prefer to not let new countries in ( since they 're afraid of more immigration ) ? 
  it 's because eu/nato membership can be used as a carrot to motivate the countries to reform . 
  with mena countries it 's not possible , they 're never getting in the eu since they 're not european countries . 
  on the top of that , not all mena countries want our help , or rather they 're fine with getting eu 's money , not eu 's advice on how to run their country . 
  i agree that eu fucked up big time with tunisia , but other countries/their leadership simply are n't interested in turning themselves into liberal democracies . 
   sad but true . 
  i agree with you . 
  it 's a shame , because i would really prefer if it would actually work . 
  the question is ... how to fix it ? 
  i might be a little bit cynical , but there is just no way to fix this . 
  the eu can do better job with the authorities that it currently has , they can do more damage control , or they can persuade the member countries to give them more funds/authorities to handle these type of situations and the member countries after some time of negotiating may grant the eu some more power in foreign/defense policy so it 's better equiped to deal with these issues . 
  for anything more than that , there is just not enough public or political support . 
  national governments wo n't like to give in their powers and also people will not want to shift the power from their national governments to brussels . 
  because the `` my nation 's interests first '' mindset is still there . 
  there is simply no european nation , there are too little people identifying themselves as europeans first , most people identify themselves with their region/country first . 
  without a united european nation , you just ca n't run such a huge political entity as the eu , because you ca n't even define what your interests are . 
  spain has just different priorities than finland . 
  and you ca n't just skip this part of nation building and make a political decision that from now on , the eu will become a federal state , because that state would be completely dysfunctional . 
  so imo there is just no way to fix this problem , in the sense that we could just do step 1 , step 2 , step 3 , and eventually we would reach a solution . 
  i 'm not an expert in the us history , but as far as i 'm concerned it took you a few hundreds of years to form this united american identity , with one bloody civil war being a part of that process . 
  in europe , we fought each other just 70 years ago and only managed to sort of unite the continent split in half some 25 years ago . 
  the federal europe is just not happening any time soon . 
  so for now we have to do with what we have , and what we have is simply not enough to turn all of our african/middle eastern neighbours into 1st world countries . 
  i think we will eventually have to enforce australian style migration policy anyway , only in much bigger scale . 
  we will have to make a deal with some african country which will let us run refugee/detention camps for migrants/refugees on their soil and we will only take the most vulnerable in . 
  that 's a solution that the eu can realisticaly achieve , at least imo . 
   europe called us to help deal with libya ( not sure why you guys did n't do it yourselves . 
  and sooner than it actually got done ) . 
  imo the whole libya intervention was a mistake and not all countries in europe agreed with it . 
  it was mainly france and the uk taking the lead on this , only to find out that they are unable to achieve their goals without the us help . 
  but they never should have done it in the first place , with or without the us help , because they did not have a proper plan on what to do after and you can see the results . 
  it 's the same like with the iraq war - if you 're not prepared to commit yourself to massive state-building activities after your intervention , if you 're not committed to stay in the country until you 're sure it 's stable , then do n't do a military intervention . 
   now europe has called turkey for help in dealing with the effects of the syrian civil war . 
  of course we want to cooperate with turkey to deal with the effects of the syrian civil war . 
  turkey is a major regional power , it 's the bridge between europe and the middle east and also our nato partner . 
  we might not like their internal politics , but that does n't mean we can ignore them . 
  we do n't live in an ideal world where we could decide to only work with countries that we like . 
  we have to play with the cards that we have . 
  a deal on migrants with turkey should have been reached years ago , the same goes for other countries in africa and the middle east . 
  it 's one part of the solution . 
  other part is being active in development help , but it 's not enough , political pressure needs to be applied on the countries from which the migrants are coming and on the transit countries as well , so that they cooperate with us . 
  of course for all this , eu would actually need to have a more united foreign/defense policy which would give us more influence , but for united foreign policy , you need to have a political union , for a political union , you need a fiscal union and none of this is happening any time soon . 
  the truth is that the eu is weak . 
  individual countries like germany , france or the uk ( which just shot itself in the foot ) might be relatively strong , but the eu as a whole is weak . 
  it 's crisis after crisis , with southern european countries not being able to get their economies together , the eurozone being dysfunctional , anti-eu sentiment on the rise everywhere , the uk leaving , mena in a political turmoil ( with horrible future political/demographic/climate prospects ) , russia arming the rebels in ukraine and trying to re-establish its position ... it 's just too much , i do n't believe that the eu has the power to deal with all this in some sophisticated way , the only thing we can do is doing the emergency damage control each time something blows up into our faces . 
  well , no offense , but i would not be calling the us to help build stability in the middle east even if you were n't busy elsewhere , it 's not like you have the best record in that . 
  europe needs to be more active in mena , but military interventions are not necessarily the best way to do it . 
  european troops as peace-keeping units ? 
  sure . 
  as invaders ? 
  yeah , let 's rather not do that , the last western invasion in the middle east turned out to be disastrous . 
  as for the coast guard - steps are being taken in the direction , frontex has just been granted more funds and if an eu country refuses to cooperate with it ( like greece did during the refugee crisis ) , other countries are free to close their borders with the uncooperative country . 
  yes , i think that would probably be the most sensible approach . 
  but the problem with this is that it all sounds good and logical when you split it like this - national vs pan-european interests , but then there are issues which kind of affect all levels , and migration is precisely one of those issues . 
  on one hand it 's a foreign policy issue , on the other it directly impacts people 's lifes or at least it creates the illusion that it impacts people 's lifes , so people feel like they should decide about it on the national level . 
  the same goes for the austerity measures and other issues . 
  my point is that the line between national and pan-european level is not clear in all cases . 
  most people would probably agree that the war in ukraine needs to be solved on the european level , but with migration and refugees , that will be less clear . 
  but anyway , you 're right that we really do need a stronger european authority to tackle certain problems , since no country can solve everything on its own . 
  yeah , well this federal vs inter-governmental debate is not going to be solved any time soon . 
  i am myself still undecided on this - i think it 's a great theoretical concept , but i 'm afraid it just wo n't work in reality . 
  you mentioned that the governments are not doing what 's best for the european people , but there is really no such thing as european people . 
  there are germans and french and polish and so on and these people have different opinions about what 's best for them . 
  we ( european nations ) are all somewhat similar , but not similar enough to form an efficient state . 
  even in the us it took hundreds of years before they managed to establish a really strong united american identity . 
  and unlike the us , we ca n't afford to have a civil war over it , eu can only use soft power . 
  frankly , the federal europe might never happen . 
  and if does happen , the power centre might simply shift to franco-german allience , because you just represent the most people . 
  this is something i see as a big risk - moving to federal europe too quickly , without the politicians switching their mindset from `` my nation first '' to `` european interests first '' . 
  do n't think that such federation would survive long , most small nations would try to escape it as soon as possible . 
   dublin ii has put the pressure of the situation on them , while the countries further north were in a comfortable position . 
  if i was a citizen in an ee country , i would be wary too when the countries , who have pushed for dublin ii , suddenly talk about quotas . 
  this is something i also find pretty hypocritical . 
  italy has been asking for relocation schemes or some sort of burden sharing years before this whole happened and germany was against it and instead pushed dublin . 
  suddenly when germany is affected you no longer support dublin and blame ee countries for acting in the same exact manner you acted a few years ago - so essentialy `` not affected = not my problem = let others take care of it '' . 
  there are certainly some double standards in the eu , i.e. 
  you as germany can get away with stuff that we ca n't . 
  specially since we get the eu funds and some people tend to ignore that these are not pure charity and that we gets something in return for them . 
  on the other hand , you as the strongest country in the eu , get the same treatment the us is often getting - i.e. 
  demands that you take the lead , followed by `` wtf are you doing , this is not what we meant by taking the lead '' . 
  so i do n't really want to blame germany for how you handled the refugee crisis , even though i disapprove some of the actions of your government . 
  i know that you 're in a difficult position , you have to put german interests first , while making sure that the eu does n't collapse , so it 's really hard to make everyone happy . 
  honestly i do n't envy you , the southern european countries are hating on you because of austerity rules , ee countries are hating on you because of migration and your too lenient approach to putin , now add brexit to all this and the general rise of anti-eu sentiment and i can say that i almost feel bad for politicians for having to deal with all this shit . 
   that 's just one side of the story . 
  yes , i know , i was not trying to say that this is the only voice in the we , just that from the outside perspective it seems like the most prevalent one . 
   sounds terrible it does n't sound all that terrible to me . 
  to be honest i found that whole `` poor greece is the victim here '' narrative a little bit misleading , since the greek policy was pretty much just letting everyone through while refusing eu 's help because accepting it would mean they would actually have to start registering the migrants . 
  yes , they are in a very bad situation due to their geographical position , but their behaviour was making everything worse , basicaly creating a pull factor for the migrants because they could see that the borders are wide open and they can all continue to germany . 
  hungarians got a lot of blame during the crisis , but they at least attempted to detain and register the people . 
  so if this behaviour is no longer possible in the future , it can be only positive . 
   that 's something that we really do n't understand in the we countries i 'm afraid . 
  yeah , it seems like many people in we do n't get it . 
  or they get it , but their approach is pretty much `` oh , those poor eastern europeans have n't still recovered from communism , they are all so backwards and intolerant , we have to give them more time to rise up to our glorious level of diversity '' . 
  i mean , i get that the reactions in ee are a bit extreme and that the fears are just ridiculously overblown in some cases , but some of the reactions in we ( all refugees welcome here and let 's not write about anything negative concerning immigrants because that could be racist ) are also not ideal . 
  i wished that the we elites could for once get of their moralizing high horse , pretending like they know everything best .
