  nobody else wants to be left with france * and * germany . 
   i can understand that you think that from the media but attitudes are changing fast , exactly due to its implications becoming more clear . 
  oh , they 're changing here too . 
  they 're going from `` nah , we do n't want young muslims males in our countries , mothers with children are fine , but others should stay in refugee camps '' to `` over our dead bodies will someone from brussels send thousands of muslim migrants here '' . 
  i 'm not sure if western europeans are at that stage yet . 
   a more political commission would also have to mean more democratic , ergo , chosen by the people more directly i think the attitudes of we and ee towards muslim immigrants are still too different for this to run smoothly . 
  we has just much more people , so any eu-wide migration policy would reflect the western european attitudes more . 
  that 's why i think that the main authority over migration from third countries should be kept at the national level . 
  we can unify the rules on who is entitled for asylum so that we avoid situations when sweden gives it to almost everyone while hungary to almost no one , we can unify the policy towards third countries , we can from a strong defense union so that we 're able to send peace-keeping units to areas where it 's neccesary , but the final authority over who comes to our countries should be left with the national governments . 
  migration is just a very sensitive issue , people see it as something that touches their daily lifes , so they feel like they should be able to decide on that and not let german , french or spanish people do it for them . 
   the commission acts on demands of the council and is checked by the parliament ( sometimes ) . 
  most of what the commission does can easily be blocked by the council . 
  the commission is basically just the executive , but not the decider . 
  it should be like that in theory , but the current commission has acted differently from the previous one , juncker made it pretty clear that his ambition is to make the commission more political . 
  there has been a quite of lot of articles recently saying that even merkel is annoyed with him , so i do n't think he only followed germany 's lead , i think juncker and timmermans have their own ideas about how to deal with stuff . 
  but anyway , i was just trying to explain our politicians ' likely motivations , i did n't really want to take sides in this , since i 'm kind of conflicted . 
  on one hand , i just really do n't like juncker and his arrogant behaviour , on the other hand i realize that certain issues are just better to deal with at the european level and that some transfer of power in some areas ( such as defense and foreign policy ) from national governments towards some eu-wide authority is neccesary . 
  from the perspective of our politicians though , that would mean giving up some of their power , which they are naturaly kind of reluctant to do and they are for sure not the only ones in europe . 
  in our case it 's just more stronger , since at this moment giving up this power would mean giving it to juncker , who is likely to use it to push through the relocations which will cause backlash in our countries , which is something our politicians want to avoid . 
  well the thing is that the overwhelming majority of our populations are just refusing any refugees/migrants from mena countries . 
  you can have debates with them about common foreign policy , or common eu coast guard or even army and they might even agree with all that , but once you start with `` ok , but you also need to accept a few thousands of muslim refugees yearly '' they will categorically refuse that . 
  and our politicians were voted by our people , so it 's natural that they just reflect this attitude . 
  this is just a very sensitive issue and with each terror attack , the attitudes are more and more hostile . 
  some of v4 politicians are using this to score cheap political points , some would probably be more cooperative if they did n't have their hands tied . 
  if cca 90 % of your population is strictly refusing some policy , you ca n't just realisticaly support that policy . 
  that would be a political suicide . 
  visegrad exists since the beginning of the 90s , it helped us to coordinate our accessions talks with nato and eu , nowadays it 's still doing plenty of useful stuff in education/culture/science and development of the western balkan and non-eu eastern europe via the visegrad fund , but you would dismantle it , just because poland and hungary have nowadays annoying governments ? 
  that seems a bit short-sighted . 
  like it or not , poland and slovaks are our neighbours , hungary is our almost-neighbour and we live in similar geo-political conditions . 
  it makes sense to cooperate , even if we do n't agree on everything . 
  saxony and bavaria are not countries , austria has neutrality policy and is not in nato , they are in a different situation when it comes to foreign policy . 
  that of course does n't mean we ca n't cooperate , we even might have more in common when it comes to culture/mentality , but common interests ? 
  we do n't have that many of those . 
  well the council might have voted for the refugee quotas , but it was the commission that created the proposal in the first place . 
  juncker and his team are really not very popular here . 
  they 're seen as the ones who are pushing the relocations schemes the most . 
  well that could be said like for 90 % of czech politicians . 
  or just for politicians in general . 
  they lie and change their opinions . 
  nothing new . 
  judging purely his actions in the current position , he 's sort of doing an ok job . 
  more or less . 
  than zeman ? 
  absolutely , almost everyone is better than him . 
  zaor\u00e1lek has even recently accused russia of financing far right parties in europe and having a divide and conquer strategy for europe . 
  he generally holds the eu mainstream policy on russia when it comes to sanctions and ukraine . 
  so yep , definitely better than zeman . 
   it allows independent monetary policy ( it does . 
  but if you have no insiders and no lobbyists , do n't expect it to be beneficial for you ) could you explain that ? 
  from my perspective ( but i 'm not an economist , so i have only superficial knowledge about this ) , the czech central bank is using its authority to have an independent monetary policy to devalue our currency , which then boosts czech exports . 
  so that sounds like it 's beneficial for us , at least in the short-term , specially when there 's a crisis and the economy needs some quick boost . 
  well , many people surely do n't have any sound arguments , but that does n't mean there are no such arguments , it just means that many people do n't bother to learn more about the whole thing and decide rather instinctively . 
  ha , a czech euro-fan spotted , that 's pretty rare these days . 
  i think you 're in a 15 % minority or so . 
  i have a feeling that those who confuse slovakia and slovenia will often also be unable to find czechia on the map , hence this advice wo n't help them that much . 
   i have a feeling our posts are getting longer and longer ... yeah , i 'll try to keep this one shorter . 
   this is a different dimension however . 
  since this is happening right now and that the payments people are complaining about ( `` ungrateful '' ) are happening right now , you can not really compare it to some kind of historical `` guilt '' . 
  yeah , i get it . 
  people tend to not see the bigger picture . 
  it 's the same with eastern european migration . 
  all serious studies show that it 's benefical to the receiving economy , the imf has just recently published a report saying that it seriously harms eastern european economies while helping we economies , but these benefits are not something an average western european sees , on the contrary he sees a lot of workers willing to work for less that he is . 
  however the fact that the ordinary people do n't see it does n't mean it 's irrelevant to the discussion . 
   people were pissed that you did not want to take some refugees . 
  of course has something to do with the media . 
  yeah , but did it cause some significant anti-eastern european sentiment that was n't already there ? 
  in other words , do we have to worry about it , or can we classify it as media shitstorm ? 
   all of these countries are better off than their non-eu counterparts however . 
  yep , i was n't trying to suggest otherwise . 
  i also did not want to suggest that we were being exploited or anything , only that we had to make more sacrifices and concessions , since we were in the weaker position during the negotiations . 
  i fully understand that this was the right and only way to go , i only wanted to mention the misconception that you give us money and not get anything back . 
  because your politicians already made sure that they were getting something back . 
   sidenote : the companies being bought by western companies was n't necessarily bad for your countries . 
  you do n't have to tell me that , \u0160koda rocks since you bought it   that 's a fair point but it fails to address that the fears of migration are often created and promoted by your politicians for short-term gains . 
  fair point . 
  i 'm not denying at all that some politicians in ee are using this crisis to score cheap political points and i despise that . 
  they 're also making it more difficult for other politicians who do not behave in this way , to make some progress on these matters . 
  however i would argue that the fears are not primarely created by the politicians , they are at most flamed and increased , but they were here way before this whole crisis happened , it started with 9/11 and slowly build up with each terrorist attack and with each news about the horrible stuff that happens in the middle east and obviously it got more tensed the more it got closer to europe . 
  also the western europe is seen here as an example that the integration of muslim people just does n't work , hence even more resentment on our side . 
  since we 've been talking about western europeans not seeing the bigger picture , we can also say the same thing about eastern europeans - they also fail to see that it 's more complicated than `` western europe invited millions of muslims , it failed and now they force it on us too '' . 
  this is however how it 's perceived here . 
   i think that goes a bit far . 
  we do not know how europe would have developed without germany starting ww2 . 
  i would rather blame the soviet union for imposing a failed policy regime on your countries . 
  other countries tanked heavily in the war as well , but they were able to recover . 
  but i think there is no point in arguing about this . 
  and i would have never mentioned it and never argued about it , had you not mention the `` you owe us '' card . 
  because it really does n't go too far , i know it 's the past , i know you 're not responsible for what the nazi germany did and i hold no grudges against germany , but you ca n't just say that it was the soviets , because stalin would have never been able to reach this far had germany not given him this opportunity . 
  if we try to put this into human perspective , it 's as if you were in a relationship with a very abusive partner that devastates you so much that when you finally get rid of him you 're too weak to resist to other abuser and immediately fall under his control . 
  the first partner then goes to see a psychologist and realizes what a horrible person he was and he changes his behaviour , however it 's already too late for his gf , who is in the meantime being abused by her second partner and whe she finally manages to get rid of him , you decide to help her to get back on her feet , however you demand that she is forever grateful to you . 
  ok , this might have gone a bit too far , i realize countries are not human beings , but you get the point   i disagree with the notion of `` tiny fraction of our gni '' however . 
  what matters is not how much money it is in relation to our wealth but how much money it is in relation to your wealth . 
  why ? 
  i do n't get that at all , why should it matter more to the western population how much money it is in relation to our wealth , you 're not living in our countries , you 're living in your countries , so it should matter more to you how much you 're losing not how much we 're gaining . 
   but you have to accept that this opinion can very easily spread amongst the average population is it really spread though ? 
  yeah , sure , i know we get some blame in your media , but i was under the impression that your people just mostly do n't care about us at all . 
  at most they care about polish immigrants , but i always assumed that the average german will know close to nothing about what happens in the czech republic , latvia , romania or any other ee country . 
   i am somewhat separated on this . 
  i can understand where you are coming from , but you never really had to make concessions that lead to significant disadvantages for your countries when it came to accession with the west . 
  or am i wrong here ?
