  how do you think countries can realistically evaluate whether someone is a violent criminal or not , when they have zero information about the people ? 
  if they 're lucky , they get their passports , but obviously those wo n't tell you anything about the history of the person . 
  they can check their names on social media or in the internet in general , but you 'd only find the most obvious cases there . 
  with all other people , what are you going to do , call assad to hand us syrian citizens criminal records ? 
  the reality is that we have few tools how to check people 's personal background , specially if they 're from some developing authoritarian country that does n't cooperate with us at all . 
  and even if we somehow got the official information about them , plenty of other things would remain hidden , because in general the treatment of women in mena is way worse than in europe , so the vast majority of abuse is hidden and never gets reported . 
  so you will always have people like this slipping through the system , because the system is n't build so that it can realistically detect such cases . 
  it may detect terrorists , but not criminals . 
  some people could have committed a murder or a rape in their home country , but we would n't know that . 
  people who actually try to set their wives on fire likely have views on women completely incompatible with mainstream european views . 
  i agree that there are native european men who also have appalling views on women , but that 's no reason to import more of these people . 
  i agree that it 's never absolutely possible to 100 % prevent this from happening , but i have my doubts that people who commit a crime this horrible have not committed a different crime before that . 
  you usually do n't just try to burn your wive out of nowhere , if you 're already capable of this shit , the chances are that you did some fucked up shit before that . 
  the vetting procedure might not be the most thourough one . 
  two of the refugees send to estonia have tried burning their wives , so i guess they had some other view of how family should function . 
   your country can then impose whatever legal penalties it has on them . 
  but we can not send them away from our country back to their home country . 
  we also ca n't keep them locked up somewhere indefinitely . 
  which means that effictively , we can not stop them from leaving again . 
   politically it seems to be poison in a lot of eastern eu countries . 
  it is a total poison in my country , it is ruining the image of the entire eu . 
   and yet the refugees are not only leaving estonia but are leaving it openly and insulting my country in the press along the way ? 
  you ca n't take this too personally , they 're not happy basically anywhere but in few western european countries and even there they want to live in specific towns/regions . 
  they were sold the ` european dream ' by the smugglers ( i.e. 
  money , job , women , communities of their own nationals ) and they go after that . 
   a refugee who leaves their relocation country and ends up getting deported back is subject to local legislation on the matter and i 'm not sure what that entails for the czech republic . 
  there is no specific legislation for this , because obviously our asylum laws do not count with this kind of relocation system at all . 
  however there will never be a possibility to deport people to somewhere where they are in danger either way . 
  you 're right that afghanistan is currently seen as safe , but other countries like syria or eritrea are not . 
  so you can not deport people there . 
  and the refugees relocated by the eu are exactly those people - people who already were granted asylum or have extremely high chance of getting it . 
  afghani nationals are not eligible for relocation . 
  thus when people leave from their assigned country , you can not punish them by sending them back home . 
  you can only send them back to their assigned country from which they can just immediately leave again . 
  the threat of being send back home is not credible because it would mean breaking the international treaties . 
   if they move to another eu country they can lose their refugee status and end up being deported . 
  where ? 
  you can not deport people to unsafe countries according to the international law . 
  and the very fact that they gained the refugee status means that their original home countries are unsafe . 
  so it 's not possible to deport them there . 
  so if not home countries , where are you going to deport them to ? 
  what country will accept them ? 
  turkey has already said that they wo n't accept any more refugees back from us and we do n't have a deal with any other country . 
  also poland changed its mind , only in the opposite direction . 
  why do you think the ecj will rule against the quotas ? 
   i 'd like to see what juncker said . 
  if you do n't trust the media , then you can see the transcript of his speech in prague . 
  i quote :  jointly agreed rules must be respected -- pacta sunt servanda . 
  as the guardian of the treaties , the commission watches over this -- with the common european interest in mind . 
  i sincerely hope that , as in so many other cases , the european reason , spirit and values will prevail and that the czech government will re-consider its course so that we do not have to resort to legal infringement procedures , ** what we will do if nothing changes . 
  ** [ source ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_speech-17-1580_en.htm ) it 's not some distant possibility , it 's going to happen probably this june once they publish a new report on relocation . 
  the commissioner for migration has also openly said it , so it 's really not some media hoax . 
  what 's there not to trust about this article ? 
  the commission has been signalling that they 're going to launch the infringement procedure against us for a month or so . 
  juncker even openly said so on his recent visit in prague . 
  the ecj ruling might or might not stop it , but that does n't mean the commission wo n't try to sanction us . 
   so you admit this is a fuck up ? 
  i 'm not denying that my country 's behaviour during the crisis has not been perfect . 
  it is true that we sometimes act like little children in the eu - not engaging in negotiations enough and then throwing theatrical tantrums when things do n't go our way . 
  however i do n't really blame our politicians for not wanting to accept the quota system , i more so blame them for failing to prevent that plan from passing and then for not acting more constructively after that . 
  the quota system itself however is imho a totally stupid idea , it has no chance of working properly , because all the refugees want to go to germany or other we countries and there 's nothing that could prevent them from leaving their assigned countries . 
  and as i said , it 's extremely unpopular here , so i 'm not surprised at all that our politicians do n't want to agree with it . 
  are you surprised that your politicians do n't want to agree with cutting the greek debt ? 
  no , because all politicians to some extent have to respect the public opinion , otherwise they would lose a lot of support . 
   we also have to live with a higher terror risk . 
  do n't you agree that is something entirely different in scale and impact ? 
  well i 'm sorry you have to live with a higher terror risk , but how is it going to help you if you spread the risk to the entire eu ? 
  i agree that germany is bearing a much bigger burden than my country , but it 's not really my country 's fault that germany works as a massive pull factor for the migrants/refugees . 
  you are simply hugely attractive to them and partly it 's your own fault because your politicians created the impression that germany was open for everyone to come even though it was n't really true . 
  i 'm sorry that you have to take this disproportional burden , but there 's nothing we can do about it . 
  we have actually tried accepting refugees directly from iraq , however after we found out that they 're leaving to germany shortly after they arrived here , we stopped the entire project . 
  the pull factor of your country is simply too big . 
  and again , you 're partly doing this to yourself , because you ca n't even return the refugees to other european countries . 
  our authorities even asked your authorities to return the refugees that escaped from the czech republic to germany , but they were never returned and instead they received asylum in germany . 
  so i really do n't know what else you want us to do . 
   i 'm not sure about what we talk right now . 
  i thought we all have signed the dublin treaty ? 
  the map here makes that assumption : yeah , sure , but dublin has nothing to do with the quota system . 
  we 're not breaking any of the rules od the dublin system . 
   let 's get back to the real important things : all you do is complaining about the misdeeds of germany again . 
  and still not a bit of solidarity for those in need . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  i have literaly written several paragraphs describing what my country has been doing to help those in need . 
  the only thing we refused to do is to take part in the quota system . 
  that does n't mean we do n't do anything . 
   but maybe this is a common and very real thing in your country . 
  you are so used to blame germoney for everything , that no matter what happens , no responsibility is left for you . 
  ever . 
  no , that 's not true , we do n't blame germany for everything . 
  in fact , the only reason i was mentioning germany and their fuck ups is because you are from germany and you were criticizing my country , while conveniently not mentioning any wrongdoings of your country , so i felt the need to point that out . 
  guess what , i have also not voted for either of the parties which are in our current government . 
  i have also not voted for our current president who i totally despise . 
  but i 'm still a citizen of my country , so i assume certain responsibility for what my country is or is n't doing . 
  for that reason , i 'm careful about blaming other countries for something that my own country does . 
   i imagine this thoughts going similar like this : `` what ? 
  200.000 refugees arrived in italy ? 
  what ? 
  a agreement ? 
  but they look so brown !, 
  germoney fucked italy , so they should help them . '',
