  the other candidates were weak . 
  he never made his pro-kremliv views obvious during the campaign . 
  left wing politicians are typically a bit more pro-russia than right wing politicians in the czech republic , but he actually proclaimed himself to be pro-european before he was elected . 
  then the ukrainian war happened , his true affinity became obvious and he started to lose his popularity . 
  there were some pretty big protests against him in prague . 
  but then the refugee crisis happened and he totally used it to his advantage , basically it 's now all he ever talks about . 
  his rhetorics is very orban-style like , sometimes even more harsh . 
  and that got him a lot of political points back . 
  could you please elaborate on the education system ? 
  i always thought education in germany was high-quality . 
  you can often hear in cz how we should follow germany 's example in education , because you have very high level of cooperation between companies and high schools/universities and so young people have a lot of work experience even before they finish their studies . 
  aaand the game is on !, 
  stop it , you are crushing my dreams about how everything works smoothly in scandinavia . 
  finland is supposted to be a welfare paradise with top-class education . 
  and a lot of saunas . 
  get your shit together , we need the perfect nordic countries back so we can bitch about why we ca n't be more like them . 
  he actually proposed a special low vat for beer . 
  i guess he felt like bavaria is really catching up in beer consumption and decided that we ca n't take any chances . 
  well he has n't been caught breaking any rules yet . 
  although one of his projects is now under eu investigation . 
  to make it more clear - he owns a large biological/chemical/food concern , so he gets agriculture subsidies from eu same as other agriculture companies from other european countries . 
  he also gets state subsidies mainly from the ministry of enviroment . 
  the problem is - he is the deputy pm + a finance minister , so he is basically in the position of power , where he sets the rules for who gets the subsidies and who does n't . 
  therefore he can theoratically set the rules in a way which will be favourable to his companies . 
  it is a giant unprecedented conflict of interests and the fact the he also owns a large share of media makes it even more problematic . 
  nowadays there are discussions about what to do about this . 
  it looks like other parties in the parliament could try to push a new law banning ministerst from owning companies which receive state subsidies . 
  the deputy pm is obviously against this and will try to prevent this law from passing . 
  but even if it does pass , he already `` joked '' about simply selling his companies to his wife and there you have it - problem solved . 
  1 ) our president is pro-kremlin , self-centered drunk clown 2 ) our deputy pm owns the third biggest company in cz ( which frequently receives state subsidies ) + significant share of print and internet media and his entire program is : look at me , i 'm not like the other politicians , i work hard . 
  do you want cheaper beer ? 
  fuck yeah , me too !, 
  foreign policy ? 
  what foreign policy ? 
  who has time for that shit ? 
  oh wait , people care about the refugee crisis ? 
  ok , well then refugees bad !, 
  3 ) these two are the most popular politicians in our country, 
  this just really shows how badly coordinated the migration policy in europe is . 
  women with small children and old people should be the first ones to be let in . 
  they are the most vulnerable groups . 
  men should stay in their countries and help rebuild them . 
  exceptions can be made for those who live in the real war-zones , but i do n't understand why we have been accepting men from those parts of afghanistan and iraq , where there is no war . 
  they are desperately needed in those countries . 
  who is going to stand up to taliban when the coaliton forces leave for good ? 
  who is going to rebuild iraq when ( or if ) isis are finally defeated ? 
  instead of making it clear that we will primarely accept those who are the most vulnerable ( mothers with children , old people , disabled and sick people ) we have been letting in mostly men in the last year , in the meantime the public opinion shifted against the refugees , the target countries are no longer able to absorb newcomers and now those who actually really need our help are stuck in greece while those , who should have stayed home are comfortably in germany or sweden . 
  great fucking job . 
  i undestand that age or gender are not deciding factors in the asylum process , but should n't it be common sense to prioritize people who clearly need our protection most ? 
  canada is also accepting families only , not single men . 
  i get that for europe it 's much harder to do that logistically , but so far i have n't even seen any attempts to push this vulnerable-groups first policy through . 
  actually the opposite is happening . 
  it makes no sense to me . 
  yeah , absolutely , it 's great that you do that . 
  it 's actually very helpful . 
  i think most people would appreciate it . 
  or at least i do n't think it 's condescending at all . 
  thanks for that info , i must admit i do n't know a lot about the history of albania . 
  i 'm really ignorant in this matter , the only things i know are somehow connected to my own country . 
  feels kinda weird to learn more about this stuff from an american ( no offense , but being ignorant about european affairs is usually an american thing ) . 
  wow really ? 
  thanks for the info , we have exactly the same idiom in czech , but it means to get really close to somebody , so i automatically assumed it would be the same in english :d it never even occurred to me that it could mean something else , i have been literaly using this expression my whole life in this way ... why has no one ever corrected me , until now ? 
  thanks for posting this , now i remember the whole thing better . 
  it was actually all over the news - not just that they were murderded , but also the albanian reaction . 
  it was considered very extra-ordinary here , because murders happen everywhere in the world , including the czech republic and you do n't see people reacting this sympathetically . 
  i do n't think czechs would be doing that if the situation was reversed . 
  they would just be like `` hmm , sad '' and then they woud move on . 
  so if i were you , i would be very proud of this aspect of the albanian mentality . 
  honestly , the last time i heard of albania was when two czech tourists were killed there by a thief . 
  after that albanian people were apparently pretty upset about this and send condolences to the czech republic via social media and maybe even had some ceremony for those two tourists ? 
  i remember it was on tv and i was of course sad to hear about that , but at the same time impressed by the albanian people for how much empathy they showed . 
  i also know that albania was one of the countries of the former warsaw pact that did n't invade us in 1968 and even left the pact after the invasion - this might not be a very well known fact for many czechs , but those who are a bit interested in history know about this and appreciate it . 
  it looks like going to germany is everyone 's fundamental right nowadays . 
  i do n't know any czech who would view poland as backwards . 
  we are just aware that polish people are more religious than us , but that does n't mean we hold any negative feelings towards them . 
  i 'm pretty sure most of the czechs actually more or less like poland . 
  it is not hard to get by with only with english in prague or brno . 
  most of the expats are actually doing that , sometimes for years with only very basic understanding of czech . 
  if you are in a smaller town , you might have a problem , not so many people will speak english there , specially the older generation . 
  polish could actually be very useful in that case , as it is also a slavic language , so people might understand you a little bit and you might understand them , even if you do n't speak czech . 
  school bullying occassionaly happens - same as everywhere , but i really do n't think being polish raises that chances at all . 
  kids can be mean anywhere , but from my experience , they are usually more curious when a foreigner joins a class . 
  my mum is a headmaster and two years ago , an ukrainian girl joined one of her classes . 
  the parents paid private czech lessons for her a few weeks before that , but other than that , she knew no czech at all . 
  but being a slavic-speaker , she learnt the language incredibly fast , she blended in the collective of kids very quickly and now she does n't even have an accent anymore . 
  so i think an integration for your kid should not be problem . 
  of course it 's best to take time while picking the school and talk to the headmasters/teachers - they will be the most qualified to tell you , whether you should enrol your kid there . 
  healthcare - from my understanding ( but i 'm no expert on european law ) as an eu citizen you have exactly the same rights as czech citizens when it comes to healthcare . 
  that means you have access to public health insurance . 
  i 'm not sure how it works in poland , but here in the czech republic it works like this - if you are employed , part of your salary goes to health insurance , that is mandatory , you ca n't opt-out of that . 
  if you are not employed ( you are a child or a student or retired ) the state pays the health insurance for you . 
  after that , you have an acces to free medical care . 
  job opportunities - companies are willing to hire people who do n't speak czech , but it 's usually for high-skilled positions ( engineering , it and so on ) . 
  for low skilled positions , they usually require czech , but there are exceptions . 
  companies are also often looking for people with language skills for customer service-related or administrative-related positions . 
  if you google something like `` polish speaking jobs in the czech republic '' you will get some idea what kind of positions might be available to you . 
  actually nowadays the unemployment is very low ( around 5 % ) , so this is probably the best time to look for a job in the czech republic . 
  the housing - prices are going up almost everywhere in the czech republic . 
  i 'm not an economist , but my guess is , that it 's because the economy is rising and more people can afford to buy houses/mortgages . 
  prague and brno are obviously the most expensive .
