  and next year , i 'm going for another semester abroad , so i 'm already bracing myself for a second round of this . 
  so i can totally relate to your situation . 
  wow , those people are dicks . 
  i bet it comes from the same people who barely managed to learn any foreign language themselves . 
  really , young adults ? 
  that 's quite surprising to me . 
  i would assume that older generation would be the worst . 
  are you and your sister living abroad ? 
  if so , is she ok with that ? 
  because in the case of my parents , they are not really against me dating a foreigner in principle , they 're just against it because they fear i could move out in that case . 
  they would equally be against me moving out even if i was n't dating anyone from abroad . 
  the same goes for my brother . 
  they just want to have us as close as possible . 
  i think they might hyphotetically be willing to accept if i moved for example to austria or germany , but the uk would already be too far away for them and if i told i was moving to japan , they would probably completely lose their shit . 
  i 'm really sorry . 
  i 'm under 30 and spend the vast majority of my time with under 30 people , so i guess it 's easy sometimes to ` forget ' about the other parts of the czech society . 
  who do you mean , my parents ? 
  if so , then no , not really , my parents are actualy quite open towards foreigners , their only concern is that if i dated a foreigner , i could move away with him , which is something they 're absolutely against . 
  if you ask about czech people in general , then i 'd say yes , they 're quite distrustful of foreigners . 
  compared to other cee countries it is . 
  everyone around us - poles , slovaks , hungarians , all immigrate much more often than us . 
  for example in the uk , there are more slovak immigrants , despite the fact that we have twice as big population . 
  the same goes for germany . 
  that does n't mean that nobody immigrates from the czech republic , but at the same time , young people who do immigrate are often expected to spend just a several years abroad and then return back to settle down in the czech republic . 
  not doing so often means that you have your parents all over your ass constantly asking when are you coming back and got forbid that you decided to have a kid abroad and deny them frequent access to their grandchild . 
  still though , there obviously are czech people who do emigrate pernamently . 
  it just does n't happen as frequently as in countries in similar socio-economic conditions . 
  that 's too bad , i 'm sorry about that . 
  i guess it will really take several generations , before the attitudes improve . 
  i 've got plenty of classmates from ukraine and russia in my uni and we ( czech students ) get on very well with them , but then uni students on average tend to be more open to foreigners than the general population . 
  well , i meant that in prague and brno , there are at least some black people . 
  in smaller cities and towns , there are basically none . 
  i 'm sorry you have this experience , but i 'm wondering whether you 're not confusing general unfriendliness with hostility . 
  czechs are not very smiley people and to many other cultures we may seem impolite . 
  i know quite a few foreigners in the czech republic and many of them had to first get over this cultural clash , but later managed to fit in the society quite nicely . 
  you would really have to hand out with czechs longer before they accept your to their circle . 
  but i do n't deny that some people just are and will always be grumpy towards foreigners . 
  czech people could also make much more money in the western europe , but this is just not strong enough factor for most czech parents . 
  i 'm actually convinced that it 's one of the reason why we have such a low emigration rate compared to other cee countries - the family/cultural pressure is very strong . 
  it 's sort of acceptable to perhaps move for a couple of years to gain new experience and make some money , but you 're expected to come back to settle down in the czech republic eventually . 
  that 's why czech parents tend to be nervous about their kids dating foreigners , because they know that this could turn the temporary stay into a pernament stay . 
  it honestly works like a chain or something . 
  my grandmother was extremely upset at my mum when she decided to move with my dad to a different town , 2-hours driving distance from my grandmother 's town . 
  nowadays my mum has accepted that me and my brother are living in prague and brno which is approximately the same distance she has from her parents , but if either of us decided to move to a different country , i 'm pretty sure she would pull of some powerful emotional blackmail . 
  again , i 'm not saying all czech parents are like my parents . 
  my parents might be a bit too extreme in this , but then general trend definitely is that moving out of the country is not something czech parents look very fondly on . 
  disliked is imho a too strong word . 
  i would rather say a big part of czechs feel uncomfortable around them . 
  it 's largely the fear of unknown , but you 're right that czechs are in a way tribalistic , meaning that they are worried about everyone who does n't fit in what is ` normal ' in the czech republic . 
  other europeans are nowadays considered ` normal ' in the czech republic . 
  white immigrants from the anglo-word as well . 
  but asians and blacks are unusual and thus suspicious . 
  defensive nationalism is very deeply rooted here , it was for centuries our passive-aggressive mechanism on how to resist germanization . 
  we would n't exist as a nation if we were n't like this and thus these knee-jerk reactions are strongly rooted in our mentality . 
  but at the same time , it tends to be a passive , non-personal kind of reaction , i.e. 
  people feel uncomfortable , but largely do n't ventilate it on specific asian/black people . 
  many people are also perfectly fine with having this schizophrenic view that foreigners/immigrants in general are dangerous , but at the same time the few foreigners that they know personally are ok . 
  when you point this out to them , they say something like `` yeah , but this particular guy/girl does n't count , he/she is not like them , he/she is an okay person '' . 
  but that is indeed the primary reason why muslims are not liked . 
  i mean lot of middle eastern muslims look not that different from spanish , italian or greek people and those are not disliked in the czech republic . 
  so it 's not the ` arab ' look that is the problem . 
  there was ever an image of us being a mecca of rationality ? 
  but yeah , we 're irreligous which also causes us to be fairly liberal in the matters of lgbt , abortions or light drugs . 
  but in other things , we 're indeed a conservative society ( in european standards ) . 
  in the czech republic , black people apart from prague and brno , are very , very rare . 
  so i guess most czech people would think that a black person = foreigner . 
  still , i 'm not denying that closet racism might play a big part as well . 
  as for jewish and muslim people , i think the biggest concern for czech parents would be that they would force their kid into religious practices . 
  and i know this might sound strange to polish people , but even hardcore christians are considered kind weird in the czech republic and thus undesirable partner for your kid . 
  they mostly marry among each other . 
  and this does not go just for my generation . 
  it goes so far that even my grandmother was discouraged by her mother from marrying her then-boyfriend who was a devout catholic , because ` he would force you to go to church every sunday and you would have to sit there and pray and you do n't want to deal with something this annoying for the rest of the life ' . 
  as for asian people , i have no idea what czech people imagined under that , but i guess the immediate associations would be vietnamese , chinese or japanese . 
  i do n't know how about poland , but in the czech republic , vietnamese largely stick to themselves when it comes to marriages ( ironically it 's the vietnamese parents who are often vehemently against their kids dating a non-vietnamese ) , so czech-vietnamese couples are quite unusual . 
  and as i said , the desire of czech parents that their kid finds someone usual and leads a normal , comfortable czech-style life is really strong . 
  both are acceptable , so just use whichever you want . 
  it does n't really surprise me that much unfortunately . 
  czechs are fairly tolerant when it comes to strangers . 
  we have this live and let live attitude , so most people do n't care at all what other people do , but when it comes to their closest family , they do n't like anything ` unusual ' . 
  they want their kid to find a regular czech partner and have a regular life in the czech republic . 
  ideally close to where they live . 
  dating a foreigner might mean that their kid might want to move to another country and that 's a big nope to most czech parents . 
  my parents always joke how i better not date any foreigners , but we all know that deep down they 're not really joking . 
  my mum actually was really worried about me going on erasmus , because she feared i would start dating some foreign guy and might want to leave with him to a different country . 
  i also have some friends from the us , including a male friend which also worries my parents and whenever we speak about this , they 're like ` but you would n't want to move to america , would you ? 
  it 's too far away ' . 
  to be fair to them , they do n't gender-discriminate , they 're making similar comments to my older brother . 
  not saying that all czech parents are like this , but from my experience , big part of them is . 
   if they alienate the v4 , they 're screwed voting-wise . 
  it does n't matter since v4 on its own does n't have a blocking minority and in unanimous decision making , poland can be on its own , or in the article 7 procedure , it needs only hungary ( and vice versa ) . 
  hence whether the v4 will be more or less coherent is not really that important . 
   common european interests exists what are those common european interests ? 
  granted , we may have some common goals and common aspirations , but in most cases , we can hardly agree how we should reach those goals . 
  in other things , we do n't even have common goals . 
  if you start having pan-european elections , it 's not gon na change the logic of most people in europe , i.e. 
  they will continue voting what they think is in their interests , regardless of whether it 's also in the interest of someone living half across the continent . 
  these pan-european parties would also massively focus on the big and mid-size european countries , since that 's where they could gain the most votes . 
  what pan-european party is gon na care about latvian or estonian voters when they have such a tiny population that they can not make any difference in the overall results ? 
   i vehemently disagree . 
  if this were the case , why did countries even give themselves proper constitutions , and institutions ?
