  afterall , there 's plenty of nice things about this country and it 's also in our hands what the future will look like . 
  of course not everything will always be up to your expectations , however that 's how it should be - there should be some reasonable compromise between different social groups so that the highest amount of people are at least somewhat satisfied . 
  i get that you 're frustrated with some developments in our country , but it would be more admirable to try to do your part to change them instead of just saying `` fuck it , i 'm out of here '' . 
   well if someone does n't accept a multi-speed europe , that amounts to forcing other countries to maintain the situation as is . 
  no , because we do n't have the abilities to block that . 
  the lisbon treaty gives countries the possibility to form a group ( minimum of 9 countries ) to go further in some areas without other countries . 
  the fact that this has n't happned yet is not the czech republic 's fault . 
  you were free to use this possibility , so blame your own politicians for not doing so earlier if that 's what you wanted . 
   they already fulfilled all the conditions to joins the euro in 2014 , with only the political conditions needing to be met . 
  yet here we are 3 years later , with the czech republic not presenting any timeline for when they wan na join . 
  true and we 're not the only country which is doing it . 
  sweden even rejected joining the euro in a referendum . 
  the current legal conditions allow us to postpone it indefinitely . 
  you 're right that in this way , there already is a two speed eu and so far we have been fine with this . 
  it 's quite likely that we will continue being fine with it . 
  or our politicians might change their minds and decide to join the eurozone eventually , that 's also a possibility . 
  but again , i do n't see how we 're blocking any further cooperation of the eurozone countries . 
   that is not the eu 's business . 
  eu is not a teaching institutions . 
  it 's a common project . 
  and if you do n't bother to check what the benefits are , you wo n't see a frenchman or a spaniard coming to the czech republic to explain you people why the eu is good . 
  i agree that in general this is on us . 
  as i said , we have problems in our country and the low level of political participation is one of them . 
  the eu could use better pr , but you 're right that it 's mostly our responsibility . 
  i tried explaining to you why it 's a problem over here and i do n't really know what else to tell you . 
  you simply ca n't change the character of a society over night . 
  there is no way for us to fix this quickly . 
  it 's a really a vicious circle where you have politicians who either openly scapegoat the eu or just do n't have the interest to promote the eu in a positive way , as a result people are more sceptical about the eu and vote for politicians who again do n't talk about the eu in a positive way . 
   korwin , the party that sent the crazy dude in the eu parliament benefitted from low turnout . 
  with 23 % turnout , they crossed the 5 % boundary to get in the eu parliament and now we can hear wonderful speeches on how women are inferior on my tax money . 
  with 48 % on polish general elections , korwin did n't get over the threshold of 5 % . 
  well this is the polish case , in our cases , european elections usually had better results than the general elections ( better in a way that for example communists get fewer votes ) . 
  that 's interesting , i 'll check out that study later when i have time . 
  what do you mean , you will leave if we leave the eu ? 
  or you will leave if we do n't accept euro soon ? 
  or you will leave if we 're not in the core eu ( if there 's indeed a multi-speed eu ) ? 
  anyway , i do n't want to disregard your sentiments , but i would not say that this is how the majority of czechs think , even those who are fairly educated and pro-eu minded . 
  of course if we left the eu , that would have a big economic impact which would probably cause an exodus of skilled people . 
  but in other case , if we just happen to not be involved in all forms of the further integration , i do n't think this will cause some mass emigration , as long as our economy keeps being stable . 
  people do n't make such big decisions on whether to move abroad based on some foreign policy choiced that they do n't themselves find that relevant . 
  specially not czechs , who as you know , are on average not that keen on moving at all . 
  not to mention that people do n't make political choices based on whether some other people that they do n't know decide to leave the country . 
  you ca n't possibly know that , the last public opinion survey that asked specificaly this question is from april 2016 and the results were 51 % for staying , 39 % for leaving and 10 % did n't know . 
  just because you have some opinion on what the mainstream position is does n't mean it 's some scientifically proven fact . 
  it might happen or it might not , obviously there 's no way for anyone to be sure . 
   and our people should not be forced into a union with other people that frankly can not be asked to give a damn . 
  your people were n't forced , your democratically elected governments agreed to accepting the new member states . 
  however you 're right that we absolutely have a problem with the political participation in our country and the eu elections are when it 's the most visible . 
  partly it 's our national mentality , simply too many generations grew up knowing that politics and even more so foreign politics is something they have no way of controling at all . 
  the idea that we 're just a pawn that stronger foreign powers decide about and that our voice in the eu does n't count is deeply rooted here . 
  it is difficult to overcome it . 
  partly it 's the failure of our politicians and the eu itself to explain why it 's important for us and why we should care . 
  i agree it 's a problem and unfortunately there is n't an easy , quick solution to this . 
  however it worth pointing out that the low turnout also has its benefits for the eu - it has always been the case that mostly people who actually do care about european politics come to these elections and so it 's fair to say that these people are also more likely to make an informed choice than the average population . 
   if they just kept their mouth shut before researching something it would n't be an issue . 
  people should be allowed to voice their opinions regardless of what their education is . 
  you might find those opinions stupid , but that does n't mean they should keep their mouth shut . 
  again , condescending and arrogant attitude is not gon na get us anywhere . 
   i 'm not screaming at them . 
  i 'm simply stating that the eu would n't be particularly hurt by their absence . 
  i did not mean it literaly when i said `` screaming at them '' . 
  what i was referring to was your wording and your language that you used when talking about people with a different opinion , as if their views are somehow less valid than yours . 
  because they 're not . 
  even people who happen to not like the eu deserve respect and deserve their arguments be heard and if you find their arguments weak , then you can try to argue with them in a polite way to change their minds . 
  calling them names and suggesting that they 're stupid is not how you change their mind . 
   on the other hand czech republic would suffer immensely if they 've left the eu and lost all access to the single market . 
  well not taking part in further eu integration does n't necessarily mean leaving the eu or the single market . 
  those are two different issues . 
  yep , just call everyone who does n't share your view an eastern retard , that will for sure change people 's minds . 
  our people are n't obliged to spend their free time educating themselves on the complicated affairs of international relations . 
  they deserve to be explained what the benefits of the eu are , which is something our politicians ( but also sometimes the eu itself with its disastrous pr ) very much failed to do here . 
  screaming at them `` hey , you fucking stupid imbecile , why do n't you understand that the eu is so great ? '', 
  is pathethic and it 's not gon na get us anywhere . 
  it depends on what the deeper integration will mean . 
  our politicians have been decently in favour of further military cooperation and it also creates little to no controversy among the public . 
  however i would not say any other v4 country is strictly against that . 
  i really do n't know how people got the idea that v4 is against absolutely any further cooperation in the eu . 
  when it comes to euro , the czech public is overwhelmingly against it . 
  more so than the public in poland or hungary . 
  we 're bit like denmark or sweden on this - we just really do n't want euro . 
  the politicians are not ethusiastic about it either . 
  however personally i think if they thought that our vital economic interests are at stake , they might try to push it through regardless of the public thinks . 
  things like pernament redistribution of refugees ? 
  absolutely not , there 's a wide consensus among the public and the political parties that we do n't want this and will do everything we can to prevent it from happening . 
  also , it 's worth pointing out that we have the general elections this autumn and the presidential elections in january next year . 
  obviously our positions will depend on what kind of representatives we have after that . 
   a lot of the stuff made by cee was inefficient , was not sufficiently productive , lacked proper quality to be suitable for exportation , did n't benefit from economy of scales . 
  yep , that 's absolutely true . 
  we were uncompetitive in the 90s . 
   the sum of money the czech republic gains from making german cars that are sold outside of the country , the sum of money generated by the whole trade , the sum of money generated by german tourism and eu tourism , the sum of money invested by eu companies far far outweigh and profits obtained by companies . 
  this is also true , however it 's not only us who benefit from that , it 's everyone involved in that trade . 
  whereas in the case of divident flows and the eu funds , there 's always one side that benefits more than the other side , that 's why i was using those examples . 
   you mean to tell us that skoda could have produced the quality of cars without vw ? 
  the quality of manufacturing and quality control , of machinery to build cars without ? 
  no , in general , there really was n't any other way for us in the 90s . 
  theorethically we could have tried to do what the asian tigers did - i.e. 
  a combination of protections policies , combined with government support for a niche high tech export , however for that we would have to be in different geopolitical conditions , plus we would need way more competent political leadership and also , we were really short on capital . 
  so long story short - no . 
  merkel used exactly the same wording when saying that the cooperation should be open to everyone . 
  it is n't a controversial statement , of course they wo n't say `` only certain countries should be allowed to join '' .
