  and it 's not like it 's something special about the us which makes its foreign policy so controversial , virtually every country with such a position ( currently the strongest and most powerful country in the world ) would get a lot of criticism as well . 
  this is just how it is , you have the power to change things and influence others , so no matter what you do , you will always manage to piss off someone . 
  western europeans nowadays have serious issues with terrorism and radicalization of muslim youth in their countries and some see the us as partly responsible for this , because of the iraq war which lead to the destabilization of iraq and the rise of isis and also indirectly worsened the migrant crisis that europe now has to deal with . 
  so this could be a reason why some western europeans are not very happy with us military bases in their countries . 
  i do n't think this is just a western european thing though , do n't you have similar problems in japan with the local population not being overly excited about the us troops ? 
  haha , thanks  and just fyi i 'm actually very appreciative of the fact that us is strengthening military presence in the baltics/poland/romania and i think most of the eastern europeans would agree . 
  i do n't see this as a provocation or aggression , but more as a deterrent to russia . 
  of course not everyone in the eastern europe shares this view . 
  and in the western europe the situation is obviously different , they do n't feel as much threatened by russia , so naturelly they do n't feel the need to have us troops in their countries . 
  but i think you already guessed that by reading the answers in this thread . 
  it 's often people who have strong feelings about these things who will come and answer this kind of questions . 
  people who are neutral about it , or do not care at all , will likely just not bother answering at all . 
  as a result it might seem like this is a hugely sensitive topic , when in fact most people probably do n't really care so much about american military bases in their countries . 
  there is very little enthusiasm about eu superstate in the czech republic . 
  we have always been the most euro-sceptic nation among the new members , but in the past few years it got even worse with the financial crisis in southern europe ( the vast majority of czechs now refuse euro ) and with the migrant crisis ( overwhelming majority of czechs reject common asylum or migration policy ) . 
  the politicians more or less reflect on that . 
  we have both anti-eu and pro-eu parties , the pro-eu parties are now in power and are still leading the polls nowadays , we will see how they will do in the next elections . 
  but the thing is , even the pro-eu parties are not really advocating further integration , they just support the current form of the eu and are really careful about such things as accepting the euro ( they more or less just avoid talking about it ) . 
  on the other hand the majority of czechs are for common foreign and defense policy and the creation of eu army . 
  and i think the problem is also that very little people even know how eu operates and what would further integration mean . 
  there is very little interest in european politics . 
  as for me , i 'm still undecided on this issue . 
  in theory i would be absolutely for . 
  but in the real life , i do n't think it can work , at least for now . 
  i just do n't think it 's a good idea to form a superstate without a shared identity . 
  and even though we have a lot in common in the eu , we are definitely not one nation . 
  the majority of people in the eu still identify most with their country and only after that they feel european . 
  just look at the current migrant crisis and see the different reactions in the western and eastern europe . 
  or look at the divide between the economic situation in northern and southern europe . 
  we 're still too different to form one big country . 
  in this situation i would be afraid that forming eu superstate would end up with germany and france doing whatever is best for germany and france and the small countries would have absolutely no voice . 
  trying to accelerate the process when the people are still not ready for it will only make the situation worse . 
  that does n't mean we have to completely resign on it . 
  i think it 's possible to make steps in towards further integration in certain areas , like the common defense policy with possibly some sort of eu army , because according to eurobarometer that 's what europeans are most comfortable with for now . 
  yeah , but in our case i 'm not sure that we behave like that because it 's smart . 
  it 's more like people here are just in general quite politically passive . 
  they will rant on the internet or in pubs , but to actually protest in streets , something very serious must be happening . 
  of course i 'm talking about the ordinary people now , extremists of all kinds do n't have a problem organizing their idiotic protests every other month . 
  those are not massive events though . 
  we have protests , but no riots . 
  i ca n't even imagine anyone violently rioting in the streets over reforms , that just does n't happen here . 
  strikes are also very rare , they are seen as the last option . 
  but we had very big protests sometimes around 2012 against budget cuts which were organized by the unions and supported by the opposition . 
  at that time we were hit by the economic crisis and our economy had been stagnating for several years . 
  the right-wing government decided to do major budget cuts a few year prior , which kept the public debt relatively low , but also ( arguably ) killed economic growth . 
  around 100k people attended the demonstrations . 
  the government more or less ignored them and continued with the fiscaly very conservative policy . 
  they lost the next election ( not just because of that , they were burdened with several scandals ) . 
  i think people here protest mostly when they feel their living standard is significantly decreasing . 
  they do n't usually protest against reforms before then happen , but only after they feel like these reforms negatively impacted their life . 
  the previous right-wing government actually won the elections partly because they promised to keep the fiscal balance and decrease the debt , which they then did , but doing that they also managed to kill the growth , so people turned against them . 
  so people here also often dislike reforms but most of them will not do anything until their lives are impacted . 
   but it would still not change the fact that the us is nowadays more likely to defend eastern europe . 
  i see i worded this poorly . 
  i should 've added `` in my opinion '' . 
  my bad , sorry about that . 
   the us benefited greatly from ` arriving late ' at both those wars , in-fact they are quite probable the main cause f the us being the only ` super power ' nowadays . 
  i agree that ww1 and ww2 left us in the position of super power . 
  no doubt about that . 
  but i do n't see how they `` arrived late '' . 
  both wars were started in europe , it was not a duty of the us to get involved . 
  they did get involved when they no longer thought staying out of it was beneficial too them . 
  just like france and the uk did n't get involved when hitler took czechoslovakia . 
  i do n't see why you blame the us for this , since you find it understandable in the second case . 
   and quite honestly , the us is the only ` super power ' because the eu chooses not to be probably true , and yes , western europe really does n't need a large army . 
  russia is not a threat to you , but they are a threat to us . 
  i do n't know what else to say to explain russian mentality and worldview . 
  it does n't matter whether eu could or could n't become a super power , what matters is that there is not enough will to do that . 
   you think the uk and france would n't be hit dramatically if an eu member state was invaded by something like russia ? 
  that seems a bit of a fantasy . 
  why would they not ? 
  and why would they ? 
  they know russia does n't have the ambitions to attack them or any other western european country . 
  they know that russia would not go that far . 
  the baltic countries are small . 
  losing them would not be a huge loss in terms of trade , investment and so on . 
  why would they risk starting a war with russia over them ? 
   part of your argument has been that the us would defend countries due to it being some kind of attack on their global policemen hegemony and how they 'd ` have to answer to to the likes of iran/china etc ' if they did n't , i do n't see how georgia and ukraine do n't involve that . 
  the us has formal ties with their allies , be it nato , or be it bilateral agreements with other countries such as japan or south korea . 
  being a super power does n't mean you have to be involved absolutely everywhere in the world , it means you can protect yourself and your allies . 
  ukraine and georgie were not formally us allies when they were attacked and thus the us not helping them militarely does n't undermine the credibility of their alliances . 
  the baltics are formally us allies and thus failing to protect them would put other alliances ( with other nato countries and with countries like japan or south korea ) in jeopardy . 
   that seems naive at best . 
  the us promised not to expand nato and could quite easily have stuck to that whilst still having those countries securities more or less guaranteed by all of europe and the us . 
  it is not naive , it is what happened . 
  the us originally did not plan to let us join , they changed their minds in the early 90s . 
  and yes , they could 've kept us out . 
  i guess it that case we would have a similar status like ukraine or georgia and what is now happening there might be happening here . 
  thanks , but no thanks . 
  both formal and informal security guarantees can be broken , there is no denying of that . 
  but formal guarantees are harder to break . 
  so i 'm glad we did not settle with the informal guarantees . 
   let 's not kid ourselves here , there is a military industrial complex that runs the us , nato is a tool of that both to spread instability and to increase their profits i guess that we will have to disagree . 
  i do n't believe that the us is secretly run by the military industry . 
  i believe that the military is a tool for the us to stabilize the part of the world which is under their security umbrella to make sure trade between countries keeps the us economy strong . 
  and at the same time it is used to deter any possible challengers to this world order . 
  so yes , in a way , us and nato act like an empire . 
  and yes , the countries which are in it , are paying for the security in different ways . 
  it can be by hosting us military bases . 
  it can be by buying us military equipment .
