  that does n't change the fact that when you look at any professionaly conducted polls , older people tend to more pro-russian than younger people . 
  on average of course . 
  that does n't mean that there are no young pro-russian people . 
  just a small nitpick , it was in 1968 . 
  as for your question - we have our fair share of mostly old people who are nostallgic about the ` good old days ' and so naturally , they also tend to be more symphathetic towards russia . 
  not 100 % of people were happy when the communist regime fell . 
  other people might not be symphathetic towards russia in general , however they do think that russia is fighting isis and other radical islam groups in syria , so they see the russian role in the middle east positively , as opposed to the west , which according to these people , only works as a destabilizing actor . 
  it 's a combination of reasons . 
  the underlying reason is our general mentality which makes us very distrustful of any outside powers and authorities . 
  the more the outside power is seen as trying to meddle in our affairs , the more unpopular it gets - you can see for example that nato is quite significantly more popular than the eu and that is because nato does n't intervene in our internal affairs . 
  another reason is that we always had plenty of eurosceptic politicians in power , who were n't really elected based on their euroscepticism , however of course from their position , they were able to shape the public discourse , so being eurosceptic kind of became one of the normal , acceptable positions , nothing that would be seen as fringe or extremist as in other countries . 
  and also , the eu has recently taken steps which were seen very unfavourably here , specially all the attempts to force us to take mena refugees . 
   so you 're saying russia annexing parts of ukraine is irrelevant to the entire eu because no eu citizens were harmed ? 
  nope , i think he 's saying that it is irrelevant to the specific czechs who have favourable views of putin . 
  those people do not feel personally threatened by russian actions in ukraine , however they do feel personally threatened by the influx of mena immigrants into europe . 
  obviously , none of this means that we should get rid of the sanctions . 
  well , you might start with not thinking of ` europe ' as some unified block , as if all european nations were identical . 
  there are pretty big cultural differences between different european countries . 
  and then following european media , meeting and chatting with european people living in the us , learning about the history of europe , watching european movies/tv shows , all the can be helpful . 
  but obviously , you do n't have to do any of this . 
  but then please do n't think that you have an accurate image about europe , because you discussed something with some european on reddit . 
  oh , well , never mind . 
  but my point still stands and i think it 's too bad that you have let couple of bad experiences form your view on all europe . 
   i do n't know . 
  how do you judge americans ? 
  remember , you get way more of our media than we get of yours . 
  i see the us as a huge and diverse country , so it 's not possible to make a judgement without a certain level of generalization . 
  obviously there are plenty of stereotypes about americans over here - that you 're loud , that you 're very friendly , to an extent that could make an average person from my country uncomfortable , that you have a problem with widespread obesity , that you love your cars , that you 're very patriotic . 
  from what i know , most americans are also very american-centered and do not care much about the outside world . 
   again , we 'll probably be mostly guilty ourselves . 
  but i do n't get this . 
  you admit that you have people doing the same thing when in europe , yet you still hold it against europeans that you at some point met some europeans that were n't nice to you ? 
   just read the thread i linked to you a bit ago . 
  that 's a bunch of americans speaking of how they feel about the situation . 
  i went through it briefly and they seem to be mostly complaining about some specific british subreddit . 
  i mean , look , if there 's a discussion about the us somewhere on the internet , it is very likely to attract the attention of people who already hold strong opinions about the us . 
  that does n't mean that these people are the majority . 
  the people who do n't hold any strong opinions about the us are not that likely to take part in these discussions in the first place . 
  you have to take this into consideration before making some general judgements . 
  there is in general no widespread hostility towards ordinary americans in europe . 
  if you do n't believe me , come to europe to see for yourself . 
  i 'm sure you 'll have a nice time here . 
   how is a group of people who will mostly never get to meet you supposed to learn about your opinions of them ? 
  as silly as it might sound it does matter . 
  like i said , this is the only medium in which most americans will ever engage with a european person . 
  but you ca n't possibly conclude that whatever you read in the comments sections is representative and then conclude that all europeans hate americans . 
  or should i judge all americans based on what i read under youtube videos ? 
   just an example , i had a british guy stand up in a room full of americans and tell us all about how our culture was ` sick ' and we were ` so fucked up ' right to our faces . 
  so you met one jerk and that jerk happened to be british . 
  the same guy would probably bash other nationalities as well , not just americans . 
  that does n't mean all british people are dicks who look down on americans . 
   later that same day i had two frenchmen explain how terrible our food was and how they could n't wait to get back to france as soon as possible so they could get some ` real food ' . 
  again , dickheads , but french culture is just heavily centered around food and they take great pride in their cuisine , which does n't justify this behaviour , but helps to explain it a bit . 
  but again , you think that americans in europe never act like that ? 
  that we do n't have american tourists here , who only visit starbucks or mcdonalds , who complain that our customer service is horrible ( no , it 's not , it just works differently here ) , that we do n't have air conditiong everywhere ( we do n't have that many summer days , so it would n't be worth it ) or that our houses/cars/food portions/whatever else are smaller compared to the us ? 
  of course we have these people here , but i would never judge the entire american nation based on this . 
  rude and inconsiderate people are everywhere in the world , in every nation . 
   the situation after wwii was n't supposed to be indefinite . 
  germany was supposed to get back on their feet and eventually take over their own defense . 
  that simply has not happened . 
  you do realize that this is exactly how your country willingly arranged it post-ww2 ? 
  the us could have pulled out completely out of europe after ww2 , but you did n't do it , because you did n't want the soviets run the western europe over . 
  because that would be a very dangerous situation for you . 
  after the situation stabilized in europe in the 1950s , the us decided that isolationism did n't work for you very well , so you decided to stick in the western europe . 
  but nobody forced you . 
  you did this willingly . 
   that and we 've had an increasingly negative view of europe after we got the internet and the average person started to read how europeans actually feel about the us . 
  people here do n't want to die to defend a place that has open disdain for us and our culture . 
  so you make your judgement on how europeans view the us based on what you read in internet comments sections ? 
  because that sure as hell is n't the most represenative source . 
  europeans mostly do n't have an open disdain for you and your culture , most people have either neutral or positive attitude towards the us . 
  of course there are also people with negative attitudes , but that 's how it works in an open society , you will always have a plurality of opinions . 
   it 's the open disdain and the treating americans like children that need to be educated that sours the relationship . 
  seriously , i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  how is europe treating you like children who need to be educated ? 
  what specificaly do you mean ? 
  i did n't notice any such behaviour . 
   you asking me or trump ? 
  well it was you who said that germany was your most bitter enemy , so i was wondering why do you think so ? 
  as for the second question , that was more asking what do you , as the us , want germany to do ? 
  right now , trump represents the us , but my impression is that the wish that eu , and germany in particular , starts to spend more on defense , was widespread among americans and not just trump supporters or trump himself . 
  so i just find it weird that when germany starts doing this and also looks into more close defense cooperation with other european countries , you seem to suddenly take this as a signal that we 're parting our ways from the us ? 
  when this is exactly what the us wanted germany and other european countries to do . 
   the idea that the eu and us will always be friendly is just silly and short sighted . 
  it is true that the world is moving towards a multipolar world and that provides space for alliance shifting . 
  however the eu and the us are still by large the best natural ally for each other from the economic , cultural and political point of view . 
  if this relationship gets destroyed , than it 's not gon na be from our side , because nobody in the eu wants to have the us as an enemy . 
   germany is the most bitter enemy the us has ever had . 
  why is germany your most bitter enemy , why not japan ? 
  or why not the brits since you had to fight for your independence against them ? 
  or why not russia ? 
  germany is just one of the enemies that you had in the past and nowadays it 's a very peaceful country , so peaceful that your country is frustrated because of this , because according to your president , germany does n't spend enough on defense . 
  so what exactly do you want germany to do ? 
  that 's just completely far-fetched . 
  the eu is not going to fight the us . 
  the us and ussr were the biggest rivals in a bipolar world for decades and yet they never entered into an open direct conflict . 
  and the level of hostility between the us and ussr was absolutely incomparably higher than the current tensions between trump and european politicians . 
   tbh thats not what i was expecting from a eastern european country ( its a stereotype of sorts how eastern europe is allegedly really intolerant , just goes to show how one should not pre-judge ) , but im glad to be wrong . 
  well most czechs would be offended if you called the czech republic ` eastern europe ' in front of them . 
  we really like to call ourselves ` central europe ' .
