  he was actually acting like a walking pr disaster in the last few weeks before the referendum . 
   10-20 years ago , nobody was identifying as european . 
  i do n't know about that , i think the idea of ever closer union with the ultimate goal being the federal european state has been here for quite a long time and many of the educated liberal elites mainly in the western europe identify with it pretty closely . 
  it 's only that they did n't quite manage to win over the rest of the population . 
   now , millions of teenagers wall themselves citizens of the world or europeans . 
  teenagers grow older too though . 
  i was all up for united states of europe when i was like 15 , now i 'm in my early 20s and i 'm way more sceptical of it . 
  i 'm not against the principle , i just do n't believe it can work in real life at least for now . 
  but then imo you ca n't go for a complete federal europe without having this united european identity established , otherwise that state would be very dysfunctional , since majority of the people would not identify with it . 
  people would still be in the `` our interests first '' mindset and small nations would be completely screwed over by this . 
  you first need the european identity and only after that you can build a united european state , not the other way around . 
  so ... should we also have a war to establish this united european identity , or what exactly are you proposing ? 
  how do you make people identify as europeans first and german/italian/dutch or whatever second ? 
  we are keeping the fingers crossed for you guys , please do n't screw it the same way brits did . 
  trump as the us president would be hilarious if it also was n't completely scary . 
  i understand that the leave campaign itself is not a government , however it was to be expected that some prominent members from the leave campaign - the tory conservatives - would get in power after that . 
  the fact that these people did not prepare at all for this scenario because they gambled everything on the fact that the brexit wo n't happen , is crazy . 
  boris johnson and his pro-leave collegues should have had a plan . 
  yeah i mean we basically already have multi-speed europe with the eurozone and non-euro countries . 
  if you can convince people living in the eurozone countries that fiscal union is a good idea , then sure , go ahead . 
   to not push because of lack of support does n't make sense if there is indeed enough support to enact required changes for more integration . 
  but there simply is n't enough support in all the countries . 
  definitely not in my country . 
  we 're fine with the current level of integration . 
  in other countries there might be enough support for that and that 's fine , they can integrate further if they want , just do n't force everyone , or you will get more exits . 
  multi-speed europe is the right solution for this . 
  i meant that the fms of founding members themselves admitted that it 's legitimate that not all member countries have the same aspirations when it comes to ever closer union and that not all countries have to participate in this . 
  i did n't mean to say that nobody is interested in ever closer union , just that it 's no longer automatic that all countries will take part in it . 
  and that even in the founding members there are significant parts of population which are against it , even if they are still the minority . 
  i probably should have worded it better , so sorry about that . 
   also if those smaller states do not like where the eu is headed they can leave if they can not rally enough allies to push for a different direction . 
  but nobody really wants the automatic ever closer union anymore . 
  france , netherlands , austria and finland all face significant euro-sceptic sentiments . 
  the founding members have just acknowledged in their statement from the recent meeting that different countries have different attitudes to closer integration ( so that multi-speed eu can be established and the founding members can further integrate if that 's what their populations wants ) . 
  so why should we leave , why could n't we just stay in the current level of integration if our population is not comfortable with further integration ? 
  i think this entire situation is like a really bad joke . 
  it would be funny if the consequences were not so damn serious for us all . 
  even if this does n't start referenda in other countries , the economic damage will still happen and both the eu and the uk will feel it , even though this all could have been avoided if only the politicians in the uk were not such idiots . 
  did n't you know ? 
  we never actually split for real , we only formally pretend to so that we can have two hockey teams and thus a bigger chance at winning something . 
  oh , i was joking about farage . 
  should have added / s to make it clear . 
  i think boris probably now would like to reverse this all , but i do n't think that can happen . 
  he ca n't just ignore the referendum result and ca n't order a new one , at least not in the near future . 
  maybe it could be possible in the next two years if it 's clear that the negotiations are not going anywhere and if the polls show that there is a clear majority for remain . 
   as of now , we have no effective leadership , no effective government , no opposition , and no plan . 
  it 's a complete clusterfuck . 
  well at least scotland 's pm looks like she knows what she is doing . 
  but no , seriously , this is horrible . 
  the only good thing about this will be watching boris trying to negotiate an access to the single market without a freedom of movement . 
  or maybe farage can help him , he has spent so much time in the eu institutions that he surely knows how to get the commission to agree to that . 
  even if they expected remain to win , they must have seen that the polls were close and it could go both ways . 
  to not prepare for the leave scenario , even if they thought it was less likely to happen , is absolutely idiotic . 
  i actually still somewhat ca n't believe they would be this stupid . 
  at first i thought that the `` no need to invoke article 50 '' statement is just delay tactics and that they probably think that they will get a better negotiating position if they wait a few months ( even though i did n't agree with it , as the instability will hurt the uk too ) . 
  but now it looks like the actual reason was not some clever delay tactics but the fact that they have no idea whatsoever what to do next . 
  this really angers me . 
  if they at least had some feasible plan on how to prosper outside the eu and the single market , then i could understand why they 're doing this . 
  but no , they have no plan , they 're putting the entire europe in danger purely for their own short-term ambitions . 
  i hope that the british voters will eventually realize what these people did and will never vote for them again . 
  how the fuck is this even possible ? 
  they must have known that cameron would eventually resign and it will be up to them to lead the post-brexit negotiations . 
  how can you campaign for leave and not have a plan for what happens when you actually leave ? 
  this is absolutely incredible , they 're putting both the uk and the eu in jeopardy because of their incompetence . 
  it 's perfectly normal for like-minded eu countries to meet in smaller groups to coordinate their position together . 
  it 's not just the founding members , v4 is doing this all the time as well . 
  it was a little bit unfortunate in this specific situation though , since some people might see it as a lack of unity of the eu . 
  well as long as the hypothetical federated part does n't want to throw us out of the single market , i 'm quite fine with that . 
  no , sorry , you do n't get to twist this as if it was me who is smugg here after you just called hungary , poland and the czech republic post-soviet banana republics . 
  i know it 's frustrating that not everyone shares your visions , but you do n't have to insult us , because we do n't want to rush into federal europe as soon as possible . 
   post-soviet banana republics yeah , right , thanks . 
  maybe the lack of interest in further integration in some ee countries could also have something to do with this kind of smugg attitude of some people in the western europe . 
  but nevermind , you 're right , if the founding members feel like they want further integration asap , then multi-speed europe is probably the right solution . 
  you should first check if that 's ok with your own people though , it seems like there is a significant number of people in netherlands or france who would like to have less europe not more . 
  what do you mean no time for negotiations ? 
  you have two full years for negotiations after you invoke article 50 . 
  that seems like enough time . 
  the negotiations wo n't actually start before you invoke the article , so this is really just totally unnecessary , you 'll just manage to piss off your negotiating partners before you even start negotiating . 
  the uk has to go quickly . 
  it does n't have to be over night , but certainly we should n't wait till october . 
  it 's better for everyone to just get it over with as soon as possible . 
  that 's what the brits voted for afterall and i assume they expect their politicians to deliver on their promises . 
  uncertainty is just bad for everyone involved . 
  it 's a very shitty situation and i wish it did n't happen , but it did , so now we should n't prolong this and the uk should actually do what their people voted for . 
  not just us , but eastern europeans in general . 
  immigration was probably one of the strongest factors why people voted to leave . 
  do n't think most brits see any difference between czechs/poles/romanians or bulgarians . 
   also , do you ever see westerners treating easterners as their equal ? 
  maybe i was just lucky , but i 've never really met with any hostility/racism/xenophobia when studying/traveling not just in the western europe , but in the western world in general . 
  sure , you get asked some stupid questions quite often , usually by people who have never been in the eastern europe , so they think everything east of germany is a horrible shithole where all people live in poverty . 
  but i 'm not really offended by this , more like a bit amused and it 's not like eastern europeans are not similarly ignorant when it comes to , say , africans . 
  it really does n't bother me when some western europeans have an inaccurate image of ee . 
  i mean , what are we supposed to do about it , force them to educate themselves ? 
  sure , some ( probably most ) look a bit down on us , but again , why should we be concerned about that ? 
  we ca n't make them to change their opinion . 
  specially since it 's kind of a normal thing to do . 
  all people do this to some extent . 
  we often look down on the poor/uneducated/less priviledged people of our own society . 
  most czechs will look down on romanians/bulgarians and romanians/bulgarians will probably look down on ukrainians . 
  that does n't mean it 's not shitty thing to do , but it 's very common behaviour .
