  sobotka would actually have a shot at attracting young liberal voters who oppose babi\u0161 , but the other wing of the party is chasing these voters away . 
  another thing is that given the economic conditions , many traditional socdem voters simply do n't have any reasons to go to the elections - there is no right wing government pushing austerity policies to protest against nowadays . 
   his party will unravel at the first sign of trouble imo . 
  yeah , i think so too . 
  i understand that babi\u0161 is a deeply problematic person , but i 'm not really jumping on this `` omg , he 's a threat to democracy '' hysteria . 
  his party has like zero core voters . 
  they are a catch-all party and even as such , are hardly ever polling above 25 % . 
  the moment economic situation worsens , he wo n't be able appease both right wing voters ( with a balanced budget ) and left wing voters ( with social policies ) as he 's doing now . 
  at the same time , i 'm also not buying that he 's basically a pure evil and the worst politician ever . 
  he wants to stay in the eu and nato , he is not spending money like crazy , but is also not pushing too much austerity , he is not ( yet ) flying to rhodos to meet putin 's friends , so that already makes him better than certain other politicians in the czech republic . 
  of course there is a lot of bad stuff about him , but it 's not like he 's the devil and all of his political opponents are angels . 
  that 's the sad reality of czech politics , there 's basically not a single party that does n't have some assholes in it . 
  we have some solid people in the politics , even in the current government there are some pretty decent ministers from all the three governmental parties , unfortunately they share their parties with people who are really just appalling . 
   i 'm afraid he 'll win the next parliamentary elections as well . 
  i understand your concern and i 'm to some extent also a bit worried about that , but on the other hand , even if he does end up winning , he will be far away from a majority . 
  he will have to build a coalition anyway . 
  he does n't have the support to turn into orb\u00e1n or kaczynski . 
  also if he is the pm , he will no longer be able to position himself as the `` anti-establishment '' guy . 
  the economic conditions will also not be this good forever so he might find it difficult to keep his voters since ano has basically no core voters at all . 
  also , i would actually not say that everyone in ano is by default a bad politician . 
  for example stropnick\u00fd , pelik\u00e1n or teli\u010dka seem relatively alright . 
  the same goes for our eu commissioner , jourov\u00e1 . 
  many people in ano ( actually to large extent babi\u0161 included ) support the reconstruction of state anti-corruption laws . 
  so it 's not completely black and white . 
  it 's not like \u010cssd is some super clean party that we should all root for in the parliamentary elections . 
  yeah , the lack of any sort of ideological background is really worrying for me as well . 
  they truly are a catch-all party and you ca n't really know what to expect from them . 
  on the other hand , this lack of ideological background might eventually hurt them in the long term , since they basically have no core voters . 
  they have both left wing and right wing voters , also plenty of protest votes , but none of them are really loyal voters . 
  so even when the situation nowadays looks good for them , it can change very quickly , once the economic conditions are less favourable . 
  i would also not vote for him , but i can imagine plenty of reasons why other people might . 
  some are just fed up with all traditional parties . 
  some connect the current economic growth and the overall improving economic conditions of the country with babi\u0161 since he is the finance minister . 
  some believe he 's genuinely anti-corruption , specially ever since the whole scandal around the police reform happened . 
  some like that he 's a succesful businessman and think that if he 's doing well in the business , he will also do well at politics ( or alternatively they think that he 's already rich enough , so he has no need to steal any more public money ) . 
  yeah , good example . 
  what 's interesting though is that i do n't really find newborn babies cute . 
  i find them cute once they 're at least a few months old . 
  todlers are obviously adorable , but newborns ? 
  nope , my reactions are pretty much `` meh '' in the better cases , or `` gosh , that thing looks ugly '' in the worse cases . 
  so there 's probably something biologically wrong with me :d, 
   i 'm starting to dislike the word `` tribalism '' , it sounds a bit ... primitive . 
  but the roots of this behaviour ( the preference of people from your own group , the slight unease people might feel around other people who are clearly not `` one of ours '' ) go back to the prehistoric times , when humans formed packs ( and later tribes ) which were competitive with each other . 
  so in a way , it is sort of primitive . 
  but i do n't neccesarily see that in an offensive way or anything . 
  it 's just a fact that we as a species evolved from animals and to some extent , we still operate based on these animalistic instincts . 
  for example both men and women instinctively know what to look for when choosing a mate . 
  a man will look at a women and his brain will instinctively evaluate her potentional fertility based on her looks without even actively realizing that he 's doing it . 
  what he thinks he 's doing is thinking whether she 's attractive or not . 
  what his brain is actually doing is judging whether she can carry a healthy baby . 
  and this kind of instinct-based behaviour plays a role when encountering `` outsiders '' . 
  of course i 'm not saying that every single person of a different skin colour , nationality , or religion has to be perceived as an outsider , people are quite capable of accepting other people into their own group , but the scale to which this has been happening in sweden is just too large for that to happen . 
  you can not realistically have hundreds of thousands of foreigners to come to sweden over a short amount of time and expect all of the native swedes to fully accept these people as one of their own . 
  some might do it , but many people simply wo n't . 
  plus many of those who claim that they accepted them lie , part of them probably do n't even realize they lie . 
  these people will tell everyone how everyone 's equal and how everyone can become a swede , but when confronted with reality they would not actually feel comfortable moving into immigrant-majority neighbourhood . 
  and yes , of course it 's easier for people to stick with their own group , because they share the same traditions/culture/rules or whatever . 
  they feel more comfortable among their own . 
  but how do you think these groups ( or today 's nations , countries , ethnicities and so on ) came into being in the first place ? 
  they all originated from those packs that prehistoric people ( or their ape ancestors ) formed , because that 's just what we are as a species . 
  we 're not loners , we operate in groups . 
   my point is that swedes are as bigoted as anyone else , but they are experts at hiding those thoughts . 
  at least from my experience this is spot on . 
  and it 's not just swedes btw. , i think most people are to some extent bigoted and it 's silly to pretend otherwise . 
  unfortunately that 's what many we politicians have been doing in the past few decades - acting like everyone ( both the locals and the immigrants ) already reached the ideal tolerating and open-minded worldview , so mass immigration of people of different cultures/ethnicities/religions will work out just fine and there 's no need to be very careful about this and work really hard on integrating these people . 
  when in reality , most people have not reached this worldview at all . 
  tribalism is deeply rooted in our dna , we just naturally tend to prefer people of our own group . 
  humans are not 100 % rational beings , we often act based on emotions and instincts and instincts have taught us to see outsiders as a potentional threat . 
  obviously with rational thinking we can partly eliminate the thoughts , but most people will only go as far as thinking `` ok , i 'm fine with these people living in my country '' however they will not go as far as thinking `` hey , i should go and make a somali friend '' . 
  many people wo n't even get to the `` i 'm fine with having these people on my country '' stage . 
  instead they 're at `` i 'm not really fine with having them here , i only do n't say it openly , because that would not be socially acceptable '' stage . 
  when you create this kind of atmosphere when large group of people is secretly dissatisfied with something , but is afraid to openly admit it , and you ( as a politician ) decide to ignore this and go ahead with the open door immigration policies anyway , you have a big issue . 
  sweden 's immigration problem is that many of your politicians in the past worked as if they lived in the sweden they wanted , not the one they actually have . 
  yes , you 're absolutely right , i was not trying to suggest otherwise . 
  i just mentioned v4 specificaly , because v4 is the topic of the article . 
  yeah , sure , the cohesion funds were here even before v4 joined the eu . 
  and the way they are distributed based on the economic development of the country/region is also set . 
  but what changes is the budget priorities . 
  cohesion is just one part of the eu budget . 
  so everytime there are budget negotiations , v4 can lobby together to make sure cohesion gets as much money as possible . 
  other countries are obviously also free to form alliances and lobby for their budget priorities . 
   could n't we just say `` hey , we will reduce our aid by the amount norway gives you , if you do n't give us the same deal '' we could , but arguably , afghanistan will put up much more resistence when it comes to dealing with the eu , because we simply wish to deport way more people than norway . 
  also norway is a single actor , the eu is an organization of states which still have more or less independent foreign policy , so coordinating negotiations might take more time . 
  i 'm not saying that we do n't have the overall leverage over afghanistan , i mean we just reached to deal , so we obviously do . 
  i 'm just saying that there might be factors that caused us to only reach the deal now and not sooner , and these factors might not only be that eu officials and eu politicians are incapable . 
  i understand what you 're saying and mostly agree , but looking at it from another perspective , it 's not so easy to just threaten to withdraw aid . 
  i do n't know how much is norway giving to afghanistan , i 'm sure norway is in general very generous with its development aid , but the total amount of money given by norway still wo n't be close to what 's eu ( i.e. 
  the eu institutions ) + all members states give . 
  so if norway threatens to cut off aid , it is significant to the afghan authorities ( let 's not kid ourselves , afghanistan is horribly corrupted , so i have no doubts where a lot of that aid ends up ) , however it is not significant enough to make such a huge impact on the lifes of afghani people . 
  whereas if the entire eu and the member states decide to withdraw aid , then what happens ? 
  afghani people end up even poorer and more miserable than they are now . 
  even more of them will try to leave the country , possible try to reach europe . 
  it still sucks for the afghani authorities , because they do n't get to steal any of that aid money and also it 's not that much fun to play the part of the political leaders of a collapsing country with an active insurgency group , but at the same time , the argument that without the eu aid , afghanistan will be even less stable , probably gave them some leverage and that might be the reason why it took so long to reach the deal . 
  but that 's just me speculating . 
  it also could have been because of the incompetence of eu officials . 
  it 's kind of scary that the longer we wait with this , the less likely will anything change , because the number of people who are retired or who are close to that age is rising and rising . 
  these people will obviously be against a change that would go against their interests and because they are only getting larger and larger as a group , politicians will be even less willing to do any changes . 
   they said that the proposal is ready , but they are keeping it secret until after the referendum is over . 
  that 's kind of suspicious . 
   he meant that they 'll amend the constitution if the no side `` wins '' .
