  they 're just as white as ethnic brits , they 're mostly christian or atheists , so people who are frustrated with immigration/foreigners in general will just ventilate this on ees , because it seems less racist to say that you do n't like poles than it is to say that you do n't like pakistanis . 
  or at least that 's my feeling about the situation in the uk . 
  because when these people rant about ees , they can often turn this into an economic argument . 
  `` see , i do n't actually have anything against them personally , i just do n't like that they 're taking our jobs/benefits '' , whereas if they tried to rant against indians/pakistanis or whichever non-white minority , they would look like racists . 
  in the case of ee migrants , this is not an issue . 
  and with brexit this all bursted out at the surface in a way that simply surprised me . 
  the level of the political debate disapointed me , i guess i still expected the british politicians to be more responsible and more sophisticated . 
  you guys export a very different image of yourself through your cultural products . 
  tv shows , movies , music , literature , this is all very strong here and we naturally tend to only pick up the good ones . 
  many of us do visit the uk , but we mostly only go to the touristy areas . 
  or when young people do a student exchange in the uk , they tend stick in the highly liberal areas . 
  so then when you 're confronted with the other side of the uk , you 're unpleasently surprised . 
  that 's probably why you smell `` the odour '' . 
  it 's really just a mix of disapointment . 
   what would be your general thoughts on around 600k indian and african immigrints coming and staying / living in czech or central / eastern europe ? 
  if you 're asking about how i personally would feel about it - i think 600k is too much for a country of 10 million , but otherwise i care little about peoples ' skin colour or nationality , however i do care about their cultural background and their general values . 
  so as long as the migrants were compatible with our values and as long as they contributed to the society i would not mind about them . 
  and by contributing to the society i mean working and paying taxes . 
  and no , they do n't all have to be doctors and rocket scientists , however i would be very sceptical of migrants with little to no education at all regardless of their skin colour . 
  it 's just that the ratio of people with very poor education happens to be the biggest in developing african and asian countries . 
  if you 're asking about the general public reaction , it would depend a lot on whether they were muslim or not . 
  a lot of the `` racism '' and `` xenophobia '' in cee is actually islamophobia , which from my point of view is not completely unreasonable . 
  racism against gypsies is widespread , that 's true , but it 's also not completely black and white , since it roma people often fail to integrate pretty much in all european countries . 
  i would n't say that racism towards all non-white people is that prevalent . 
  we have a quite big vietnamese community and they 're pretty much accepted . 
  prague is nowadays at 15 % foreigners , including people of different colours , and there are little tensions . 
  the attitudes of people in small towns and villages would be more hostile though . 
  i understand your point though and i 'm not saying that there are no racists in the cee . 
  there are for sure people who feel themselves superior to blacks/asians . 
  i was definitely not trying to claim that we 're a tolerant paradise while the uk is a racist hellhole . 
  i was just responding to the question of the op and while i do realize that a huge influx of migrants would create some negative reactions in this region as well , i did not find it relevant to the original op 's question . 
   aye , i think it 's an easy/lazy geographic distinction , where ` eastern ' is shorter to say than ` ex-warsaw pact ' ; you could perhaps think of it as east or west of the old iron curtain . 
  yeah , but that 's the thing , most people here do n't like to be associated with this , they would prefer to forget about it , it 's not like this was some happy period of our history and it 's not like we voluntarily chose this fate . 
  that 's why it is sort of sensitive and people do n't want to be forever refered to as ex-warsaw pact , specially since the tanks of this glorious pact rolled through prague streets in 1968 . 
   but we do n't mean to be twats , promise . 
   yeah , i understand that there is mostly no evil intention behind this . 
  i personally do not get upset over it at all , i know foreigners mostly do n't mean it in a bad way . 
  wow , huge respect to you , we do n't really have that many immigrants from the west who actually have an interest in integrating , so this is really nice to read . 
  and you know , i actually do n't have such a big issue with the western expats who do n't show a lot of effort , i mean , as long as they do n't cause trouble here and contribute to the society by paying taxes , i 'm fine with them , however it 's just little bit annoying when brits complain that immigrants in their countries do n't integrate enough while brits living abroad are quite well-known for staying inside their english speaking bubbles . 
  but anyway , i wish you all the best , hopefully you wo n't find czech too difficult to learn ( and even if you do , the effort still counts , 
  but it was reported that after brexit there was a rise in hateful attacks against foreigners in the uk , with eastern europeans being one of the main targets . 
  also some of the british media were informing heavily about eastern europeans in such a negative way that it could not be possibly described as fair and balanced journalism . 
  this leaves me wondering what kind of sentiment there must be among the readers of these media . 
  but otherwise , i get your point . 
  i understand that the scale of ee immigration to the uk was quite large . 
  it is not so surprising that it created a backlash among the british public . 
  it probably just surprised me how big that backlash turned out to be . 
  big enough for the people to vote out of the eu evidently . 
  well we see ourselves culturally central , since the communist part of our history is just one chapter and comparing to the whole history of our nation it 's actually a short chapter . 
  historically we simply dealt way more with germans/austrians/poles than we did with russians . 
  but i understand that the communist part is still what brits mostly have stuck in their minds . 
  to me , it 's not really important how other people call us , however if you by any chance happen to visit , maybe do n't use this eastern europe label here , some people get quite annoyed over it . 
  yes , however in this case i used ` eastern european ' because that 's the term british people and british press use when refering to anyone from post-communist countries . 
  to them we 're all eastern europe . 
  it would not make sense to claim that brits do n't like ` central european ' migrants , since they simply do n't use this term , specially not in the context of immigration . 
  yeah , i realize there were more than one reason for sure . 
  but still , the aggressive campaign of some of the british media towards eastern europeans was pretty much impossible to miss . 
  and the media would not be fueling this , if the british public did n't care . 
  clearly the british public cares about this and it 's probably not an insignificant part of the public . 
  and there is also a smaller part ready to act on this ( i 'm talking about the post-brexit attacks on polish people ) . 
  these things are not really creating a good impression here . 
  also from my perspective it 's kind of ironic to hear brits complaining about ee migrants , when we basically get two types of brits over here - 1 ) stag parties tourists acting like total jerks , 2 ) expats working at international companies who mostly show zero effort to fit in the local community and instead stick in their expat bubbles . 
  but do n't get me wrong , i still have an overall positive image of the uk . 
  just little less so than before . 
  maybe a little bit , just because brexit was largely driven by the dislike of ee migrants , so it 's kind of hard to not take a bit personally , being from this part of europe . 
  not that i was n't aware that many british had this attitude before , i just did n't know there were so many of them . 
  though i see that it is quite silly to feel this way . 
  it 's the sort of `` you do n't like us , so we do n't like you either '' reaction . 
  i know it 's kind of childish , but i ca n't really help it . 
  and you know , nothing against nazi puns and jokes when the context allows it , like for example when reading a funny news story about germany gaining a bit of territory due to a slight change of a river course , this is when an anschluss joke is pretty funny . 
  but in this case ? 
  it 's like you just randomly said `` haha , do you remember the times when we invaded your country , killed 250k of people and terrorized the rest ? 
  is that not a thing anymore ? '', 
  it 's not funny , it 's just distastful . 
   and as great as that might be , that does n't make one a diplomat . 
  it takes time to build a relationship with an ambassador that 's why usually they 're not really changes when new presidents start their term . 
  actually that 's exactly what often happens with the us ambassadors . 
  the us basically have two types of ambassadors - career professional diplomats - and those usually do n't get changed with the new president and politically backed ambassadors , which routinely get changed with each administrative . 
  for example our current ambassadors is a former obama 's law classmate and he was fundraising money for his presidential campaign . 
  that does n't necessarily mean that he 's a bad ambassador , but he was chosen partly because of his ties to obama . 
  i 'm pretty sure he 's gon na be changed regardless of who 's gon na come after him . 
  the reason why some of our politicians would like to have ivana as the ambassadors is probably because they think she has more direct links to trump than the `` normal '' ambassadors and that could be profitable for us . 
  but it 's not like we have any say in it in the first place . 
  the sending country decides about the ambassadors , not the receiving country . 
  he has not yet appointed her , she just said she would suggest him to do that , maybe he 'll refuse . 
  but yeah , it is kinda weird , specially since trump 's kids are also on the transition team . 
  we did n't just recommend her out of nowhere , she basically recommended herself , she said to the us media that she would like to be the ambassador here and that she would suggest it to her ex-husband . 
  after that some of our politicians said that she could be a good choice for us . 
   it also is not only about `` making a difference '' as about `` showing solidarity '' . 
  it has always been clear that it would be us ( germany ) taking the lions share . 
  it would just help a great bit if countries like yours do not help our populists by giving them reasons to complain about a `` lack of solidarity '' in europe . 
  it 's funny that we came to this , since it seems like we essentialy want the same thing - not to boost populists in our countries , unfortunately in this particular case , not helping populists in germany means helping populists in the czech republic ( or just in ee in general ) and vice versa . 
  only i was n't really aware that this `` not showing solidarity '' narrative in regards of ee is prevalent among german populists ( i suppose you mean mainly afd ) , i always assumed that these people would more likely side with the ee on the migration issue and it would rather be the political mainstream which would be very critical of ee . 
   to treat people of this kind differently , we would need to resettle other people first . 
  and there is little desire for this right now . 
  but i thought you said you were gon na take 200k people . 
   males in the safe regions of syria have to fear for being forced to fight for the military . 
  the same thing does for ukraine , ukrainians are being drafted too , only in much smaller numbers . 
   because it does n't contribute anything towards the goal of these resettlement programs . 
  well i did n't exactly had the success of the resettlement programmes in mind anyway .
