   but some countries appear not to hesitate to join the eurozone . 
  well different countries have different policies . 
  some countries indeed want to join the eurozone as quickly as possible , others are avoiding it for decades ( sweden ) or simply refusing it from the beginning ( denmark and the uk ) . 
  for some it can bring a lot of benefits , for others less so . 
  public opinion plays a very big part in this , if +80 % of your public is against , then good luck trying to push for euro . 
   alabama received $ 8.2 billion of federal aid in 2013 , quite comparable to greece 's 4.7 billion euros from the eu . 
  greece is not getting aid , they get more loans with some more favourable interest rates with the condition that they will enforce austerity measures . 
  i would not really call that aid , that sounds as if greece was just given money , when in fact they were n't handed a single penny . 
  ok , so spain is recovering ( would not call that `` doing very well '' , since they still have a huge level of unemployment , but fine ) . 
  i do n't get your point with the us . 
  us is a country , eurozone is not a country . 
  we already established the monetary union without a fiscal union issue . 
  the us does not have this issue . 
  so naturally the us states do n't need to devalue their currency , since they are compensated through the common budget . 
  this does not work in eurozone . 
  the baltics are in a different position , they are the most vulnerable eu countries from the geopolitical perspective so they need to keep the closest possible ties with the eu core countries . 
  when i said non-euro countries , i meant countries which currently do n't have euro , i did n't count the baltics in them . 
  for them joining euro made a lot of sense . 
  of course we 're also not in the safest spot , that 's why i mentioned earlier that we might join if it looks like we might get excluded from some important activities . 
  if that 's the case then i would be for joining , because the risks of staying behind would be higher than the possible risks of being in eurozone . 
  but for now , it 's not necessary to join . 
  i do n't see why we should not wait before the italy situation gets sorted out . 
  well the conditions in spain , italy or portugal might not be critical , but these countries are stagnating for years and years . 
  a few cee countries have already jumped ahead of greece and portugal and spain and italy are not that far ahead . 
  of course devaluing currency is not a solution to everything , but it 's one of the tools you can use when you 're in crisis . 
  in eurozone this tool is not available . 
  and it does n't actually have to be just an emergency solution , for example switzerland has been devaluing their currency for quite a long time , before stopping this policy in 2015 , would you say their economy is not competitive ? 
  overall i just do n't think it 's a good idea to lose the authority over your curreny unless you 're compensated in another way . 
  eurozone right now is just not a very attractive prospect , specially since no one knows what 's going to happen in italy in the future , since their banks seem to need a huge bailout . 
  and this is not just a small greece anymore , this is one of the biggest economies in europe . 
  wait and see is the best tactics for us right now ( also for other non-euro countries ) . 
  i do n't think anybody would really argue about the convenience of euro when traveling . 
  but the thing is , most czechs go abroad once or twice a year ( not neccesarily to eurozone countries ) , some do n't go at all . 
  not that many czechs shop at foreign websites either . 
  so they can live pretty easily without euro . 
  what they witness instead is crisis after crisis , be it greece , spain , portugal or now italy . 
  the fact is that eurozone is a fundamentally flawed project - a monetary union without a fiscal union , which leaves weaker eurozone economies ( southern european countries ) without the possibilty to devalue their currency and boost their economy and without a common budget to compensate for this inconsistency . 
  without this being repaired , i do n't want us to join . 
  our currency is working fine for us , i agree that euro certainly could bring many benefits , but we do n't need it to survive . 
  joining eurozone is not happening here anytime soon . 
  we already do fulfill all the economic criteria , so now it is a political decision . 
  the public support is absolutely minimal though , so politicians are not willing to push for it ( even the pro-eu ones ) . 
  they are not even setting any dates ( which they did in the past and then kept postponing it ) , instead they give vague conditions , for example that our salaries have to be on a similar level to german ones ( that 's like a polite way to say `` lol , forget it , we 're never ever getting euro '' ) . 
  the only way i see us accepting euro , despite massive public opposition , would be if the eurozone moved to a closer union and we would have a pro-eu government in power during that time , which would not want to risk staying behind . 
  but even without the euro , the prices are probably gon na go up anyway . 
  at least our central bank is definitely trying to push for some mild inflation with their monetary policy . 
  i checked the statistics at eurostat , because i was n't sure how trustworthy numbeo is , turns out that lithuania and hungary are cheaper than us . 
  estonia , slovakia , slovenia , latvia , croatia are more expensive . 
  euro definitely plays some part in this , though i do n't know how big that part is in each country . 
  i would like to give you some sophisticated explanation about the price level in cz , but i 'm not an economist , so i do n't want to throw in some random theories . 
  all i can say really is that i have a lot of slovak friends who often bitch about how expensive bratislava is and how it got worse with euro , which the numbers seem to be confirming ( even though in other ways euro also helped slovak economy , it 's of course not black and white ) . 
  i guess so . 
  but in the czech republic vs slovakia example the currency really was the main factor though . 
  bratislava is now more expensive than prague . 
  it 's actually so expensive that many young slovaks find it more affordable to live in brno ( in cz ) and take a train every day to bratislava ( about 1,5 hour ) to work . 
  so sometimes having low prices really can be linked to having your own currency . 
  but that 's just not universaly true . 
  we have a lower cost of living ( well according to numbeo at least ) than estonia , slovenia , slovakia , hungary , croatia , lithuania and latvia , yet in gdp per capita ppp ( which takes purchase power into consideration ) we 're ahead of all these countries . 
  i 'm sure you could find other exceptions to this `` low cost of life = low standard of living/low purchase power '' rule . 
  well if by standard of living you mean the human development index , than we 're at 28th place ( in the world ) and slovaks are at 35th . 
  it is actually true that the prices went up in slovakia with the acception of euro , mainly in the bratislava region . 
  yeah , i feel bad for them as well . 
  on the other hand , this whole thing is nothing new really . 
  when a migrant moves to a country which is significantly richer than his home country , some people will just always look down on him . 
  or there does n't even have to be a significant wealth gap , only the perception ( from the local population ) that there is a significant wealth gap ( i.e. 
  the locals feel like the the migrant comes from a poor country ) is enough . 
  this happens everywhere in the world , including the eastern europe ( many people here look down on ukrainians and then proceed to complain that western europeans look down on us ) . 
  we can of course complain about this behaviour , i personally find it disgusting , but that 's about all we can do . 
  a migrant moving to a richer country should better grow a thicker skin , or he is doomed to be unpleasantly surprised . 
  the problem with the uk though is that some brits seem like they took this feeling of superiority to another level - to open hatred . 
   may i ask why you take offence at the fact more people voted out than in ? 
  could be because some people , specially here in eastern europe , took personally the fact that the leave campaign used our fellow countrymen who moved to the uk to flame hate against all eastern europeans . 
  it 's kinda hard to not take it personally when you know that the dislike of our countries/our people was one of the main factors why brits voted to leave . 
  do n't get me wrong , i respect the decision of british people , but you ca n't really be surprised that not all people here took it so lightly , specially since brexit was followed by racist/xenophobic attacks on foreigners . 
  so it 's really the kind of `` you do n't like me , so i do n't like you either '' reaction . 
   i 'm glad the uk is leaving . 
  this is a huge reason why so many millions voted to leave too . 
  well if that was the main reason , than it was really stupid . 
  the eu never forced the uk to take any refugees , the uk opted out of the quota system and had schengen in place . 
  your problematic muslims immigrants who were running the horrible rape gangs ( in rotherham and so ) were actually from former commonwealth countries , namely from pakistan , so i do n't see how that 's the eu 's fault . 
  you have yourself to blame for accepting them/failing to integrate them/failing to stop them from what they were doing in time . 
  it 's really weird that you point out to germany , when you have the very same problems in your own country as well . 
  i was always wondering what 's the point of israel not openly admitting that you have nukes , when everybody already knows that you have them . 
  i mean , i understand why it was kept a secret at the beginning , but why now ? 
  india and pakistan are also not hiding the fact . 
  it had a similar effect on me . 
  not that i was ever anti-eu , but i tended to take the eu for granted . 
  brexit reminded me how vulnerable this whole system of european integration is and that we must stick together if we do n't want to lose it . 
  a few polish redditors might be pissed at the uk ( perhaps the recent attacks on poles in the uk might have something to do with this ) , but that does n't mean that the entire poland is all for tough stance in brexit negotiation . 
  in fact all cee countries have been pretty upset that the uk is leaving , we understand we 're losing a country which was often our ally in the eu . 
  actually you could hear several frustrated voices from cee countries calling for juncker to resign , blaming him that he did n't do enough to prevent the uk from leaving . 
  i really wish this could all get reversed , but since it 's not possible , we do have to take care of ourselves now . 
  and the fact is that losing the uk sucks big time for us , but losing or weakening the eu by accomodating british demands ( i.e. 
  letting them having access to the single market without the freedom of movement ) would suck even more . 
  i do n't think this is a tough stance though , it 's just pragmatic . 
  it 's not in our power to keep the uk from disintegrating , if the scots or irish decide to leave . 
  you have put yourself in this situation , it 's really unfortunate , but there 's really nothing we can do . 
  i agree with you on pretty much everything you said , do n't know what to add really . 
  maybe you can send this to your friends in brussels , so that they know what to do ? 
  but no , seriously , even though i have no inside knowledge whatsoever about how it really works in the eu institutions , i find it hard to believe that there could be stupid/incompetent people working there .
