  we 're too small of a country to make any sort of difference . 
  what i meant was that we could fullfill our humanitarian responsibility in a way that is acceptable to our population . 
  btw . 
  there are also internally displaced persons in ukraine . 
  those could fit the refugee definition . 
  i do n't see why these people could not qualify for the resettlement as well . 
   this does nothing to fix our problems though . 
  in fact , an event of this kind would encourate the biggest refugee wave we have ever seen , no matter the obstacles . 
  true , i was just using this as a hyphothetical scenario where i would have to choose either this or that regardless of the consequences of each action . 
  what i was essentialy trying to say was that i put people in my country and people in europe first . 
   that 's a problem of your own politicans in my opinion . 
  politicians in the eastern european countries ( including yours ) have used and strengthened the fear of immigration/foreigners for their own political gain . 
  yes , absolutely . 
  which is why i would prefer not giving those politicians more ammunition . 
  of couse cultivating our political scene is important and ideally we would only have responsible politicians , but that is unfortunately not the case , so we have to work with what we have . 
   that 's pretty much what the terrorists want though . 
  with some insignificant actions , they can get a country to do/not do something . 
  which is kind of a shame in my opinion . 
  i would say the terrorists actually want us to take as many refugees as possible . 
  more refugees = more opportunities to hide a jihadist among them and more tensions between the refugees and the locals which is only good for the terrorists . 
   do you really believe your institutions are that weak ? 
  i wish i could say no , but unfortunately i 'm not really sure about this . 
  right now , they seem relatively strong . 
  public media are independent , civil society is quite active , state prosecutors are probably the best we had in the recent history , audit office/central bank work fine , public universities are doing alright as well . 
  i 'm less sure about the anti-corruption police and the courts . 
  however what happened in hungary shows it takes one skillful power-hungry politician to undermine the checks and balances . 
  the situation in poland is also concerning . 
  and our finance minister , leader of the populist ano party is set to win the next election . 
  he 's the second richest czech , he owns several news media and he occasionally says stuff like that parliamentary democracy is slow and ineffective and that he would like to switch to the majority-system and so on . 
  when ( or if ) he is the next pm , i really have no idea what 's he gon na do . 
  he might do nothing or he might try to grab more power for himself . 
  he 's now in the government for 3 years and we still do n't fucking know what he 's gon na do , neither him nor his party have any consistent ideological background . 
  so yes , this is all concerning to me . 
  maybe i 'm being a bit too alarmist and pessimistic , but it 's just that i realize that none of what we currently have is automatic . 
  better be safe than sorry . 
  anyway i also wanted to thank you for the discussion . 
  you bring the german asylum/migration policy in a broader perspective which i admit i probably often fail to see . 
  i still think that the german policy acts in a way as a pull factor but i admit that it is much more difficult to do anything about this than it would seem at the first sight . 
   this is something fundamentally different . 
  the citizens that are leaving have every right in the world to do so . 
  i know it 's different , but it just says something about the overall desirability of ee/se . 
   well , you can impose severe punishment for doing this . 
  yep , but first you would have to able to catch everyone who is not in their assigned country . 
  then you would have to actually put these severe punishments in place . 
  as for now , there are no such punishments and it is n't even a discussed topic , so it does n't look like anything is gon na change any time soon . 
  even if you had those punishments , you would actually have to enforce them and for that you would need an active cooperation of all countries . 
  which is unrealistic . 
   and if it comforts you - we had plenty of people complaining that germany is not how they imagined it . 
  oh , i do n't need to be comforted over this . 
  the fact that our country is not good enough for them surely creates resentment among the general public , however in my case i 'm actually quite relieved . 
  to be completely honest with you , it helps with the cognitive disonance that i sometimes struggle with when i realize these are all human beings who just understandably want a better life , but at the same time i understand that we can not help them all and we might actually do more harm trying to do the right thing . 
  it helps to know that the vast majority of them do not want to come here , they do not want our help . 
  i feel less shitty when i 'm reminded about this every time i see news about refugees leaving a random ee country for germany . 
   i think it is possible to connect the two . 
  it is possible to flee a country for legitimate reasons and then , once you arrived in `` safety '' look for the country that offers you the best prospects . 
  yes , it is possible and it is also pretty understandable , that does n't mean that such behaviour should be tolerated or even indirectly encouraged by the way your migration system is set up . 
  if germany wants to tolerate this country-shopping and thinks there should be no punishment for it , then it is your decision again . 
  i think it 's a mistake . 
   let 's say a refugee from syria goes through turkey and greece to germany . 
  according to your logic , these people are no longer refugees and thus we should deport them to ... where do you want to deport them to ? 
  ideally , to the first safe country , so turkey . 
  a safe country for refugees fleeing war is a country where there is no war . 
  a safe country for refugees fleeing persecution is a country where they 're not persecuted . 
  as i said , i understand that in reality , the deportations are often not possible . 
  so then i suggested the detention centres . 
  i realize it sounds horrible . 
  not just sounds , it is pretty horrible . 
  i get that . 
  hovewer how else do you want to discourage country shopping ? 
  ok , so maybe not detention centres , but at least treat them differently than people coming orderly through the resettlements . 
  give them less money , give them only a temporary work-permit , rule out any possibility to ever gain a citizenship and once it 's possible to deport them , do it immediately . 
   as soon as there wo n't be any significant numbers of refugees in europe anymore ( i do not say that having few refugees is a bad thing ) , the willingness to spend money in the region , where it is actually needed , would decrease significantly . 
  well i would hope that eu countries learnt their lesson and would not do the same mistake again . 
   i think that is a shitty reason . 
  germany was n't involved in libya , germany was n't involved in the war in iraq . 
  we also did n't have that much colonies . 
  the right of asylum is not based on some principle of `` guilt '' . 
  no , but you have to make the selection somewhere anyway . 
  you simply can not take them all . 
  so then why does it matter so much what is the selection about ? 
  why it can not be based on the sense of guilt or responsibility , cultural/religious proximity and so on ? 
  nowadays , the only selection is `` whoever is rich enough to pay the smugglers to get them here '' . 
  germany can later make a different selection when picking those 200k people . 
  why should we for example not be allowed to take ukrainians instead ? 
  i know what you 'll say , ukrainians do n't count , the war is only in a part of their country . 
  well guess what , the same goes for iraqis or afghans , many of them still got asylum in europe . 
  hell , the same goes for some of the syrians as well . 
  i know a couple of ukrainians in cz whose friends or family members were drafted or went voluntarily to fight to the east and they never returned back . 
  do you know how difficult it is in ukraine for example for single moms with small kids whose father was killed in the war ? 
  they might not live in a war zone , but their lifes are just miserable . 
  they often do n't have the resources to make it to poland or other ee countries as economic migrants . 
  and nobody gives a shit about these people . 
  why could n't we just go to ukraine , pick up people whose fathers/husbands/sons were killed in the war and who are in poverty as a result , give them asylum here and count them in that stupid quota instead of people who do n't want to come to our countries anyway . 
   and quite frankly , czechia is the most prosperous country in eastern europe at the moment . 
  well technically speaking that would probably be slovenia , but i get your point . 
  you 're right that we can financially afford this . 
  it 's not about money though . 
  you posted that survey where 21 % of germans wanted no refugees . 
  well guess what , here it 's like 70 % . 
  and the rest only wants minimum amounts .
