  foreign intervention should always be a last-resort option . 
  it should only happen when there are already mass atrocities happening and there 's a serious risk that more atrocities are about to happen and the foreign intervention is the only way to prevent it . 
  yeah , ethnic cleansing is probably a better word to describe it , you 're right . 
  though it could have led to genocide without the western intervention ( of course that 's a speculation and we ca n't know for sure now ) . 
  is it really so difficult to believe that some people actually do really want to be part of the western sphere and do not need to be recruited ? 
  i hate to break it to you , but the life in western sphere is in general much more appealing than the life in russia for the average person - i mean just look at the damn living standards . 
  also as i explained to you , russia 's behaviour creates resentment among the countries which used to be in the russian sphere of influence . 
  we wanted in nato , because russia imposed a communist regime on us and invaded us when we tried to reform it . 
  we did n't have to be recruited . 
  i personally find it strange that this is so hard to understand for some russians - i mean , you acted like such a dick to us and then you are surprised that we tried to protect ourselves from you by any way possible in the 90s . 
  the fact that russians refuse to recognize this , refuse to accept their responsibility , refuse to admit their past crimes , is the reason why we ca n't have normal relations . 
  instead you keep insisting that it is an aggresive campaign of nato/eu that made cee countries join . 
  obviously , when it comes to ukraine , i get that the situation is not black and white and that not everyone agrees on where ukraine should go in the future . 
  of course you will always have opposing views in every country . 
  but the solution surely is n't to start a violent conflict . 
  nato or the eu for sure never sent armed brigades to ukraine to support the pro-western wing . 
  i 'm willing to admit that people in crimea really wanted to join russia . 
  i 'm not sure if they indeed were a majority , because i do n't know how trustworthy the results of the referendum are . 
  but i 'm willing to admit the possibility . 
  still , the solution can not be the annexation of the region . 
  you should have respected ukraine 's territorial integrity and let them sort out their integral affairs by themselves ( unless they started to mass slaughter ethnic-russians , then it would be appropriate to intervene , but no such thing was happening in crimea or eastern ukraine ) . 
  yugoslavia was not torn apart by nato , it started to fall apart by itself after 89 because the people simply did not wish to stay in a common state together . 
  nato only intervened in the 99 's kosovo war , because there was a genocide going on there . 
  slovenia and croatia then joined nato because their political leadership wanted to . 
  also europe did n't proclaim the independence of kosovo , it was kosovo 's representatives that proclaimed the independence and after that some european countries recognized the indepedence and some did n't . 
  i agree though that the recognition is controversial and i would prefer if it was handled differently . 
  i 'm from one of the countries that joined nato after 89 and i can confirm to you that it was willingly . 
  in fact , it was one of our main foreign policy goals in the post-communist period . 
  it 's one of the reasons why visegrad was formed - so that cz , slovakia , hungary and poland could lobby together to get the west agree that we join nato asap . 
  because in the early 90s the us were at first not decided whether enlargement of nato is a good idea , the decision was made later in the 90s . 
  the membership in nato also consistently has the support of the majority of czech population in the polls . 
  obviously there is also a group of people that do n't agree with it , but they 're a minority . 
  maybe if we did n't have such bad experience with russia , our leadership would not be trying to escape to the western sphere the second we got the chance . 
  maybe we would be more open to the concept of neutrality ( similar to austria 's position ) . 
  but no , when you act like a bully and make everyone hate you , you ca n't possibly be surprised that people want nothing to do with you and are seeking protection from you . 
  i personally wish that there will be times when we can have normal , functioning and maybe even friendly relations with russia , just like we have now with germany , but i do n't ever see that happening with the current government in russia . 
  and as for the 1999 bombing of yugoslavia - the bombings were targetting serbian forces and serbia , as you surely know , is n't in nato . 
  so i really do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  there were indeed reactions like this for example in fb comments under news articles . 
  but there were also reactions saying the opposite . 
  and then there were people saying something like `` well , condolences to their families , but they were putin 's propaganda choir '' . 
  i mean you get all kinds of people in internet discussion , including people who write pretty radical shit . 
   but on total poland has a net income from the eu . 
  which is good . 
  and that 's not entirely true , the eu is a political construct not just an economic one , and solidarity is part of it . 
  the eu funds are not everything though . 
  they 're just very visible , because they work in a way that 's easy to understand for everyone - you give money to the eu , and then you get some back depending on your gdp , so poorer countries get more than richer countries . 
  does n't mean that richer countries do n't get their money back in other ways . 
  we countries have profited massively from the eu expansion , they got an unlimited unrestricted access to eastern markets , ee countries gave up any sort of protectionist measures for their underdeveloped economies and in return they got investment . 
  and they also ended up with most of the countries 's assests being now in foreign hands . 
  this means that the money that is being made by companies in ee largely do n't stay in ee . 
  you can clearly see it when you look at the balance of payments of any ee country , my country is a perfect example of this . 
  we 're an export-oriented economy , we 've always had large surpluses in foreign trade , than means we sell way more goods and services than we buy . 
  still , our overall current account has been in deficit up until 2014 . 
  how is that possible ? 
  because a lot of the capital that is being made by the foreign trade is being taken away from the country is the form of dividents . 
  in other words , foreign-owned companies are taking the money they make here and transfer them back home , where they invest them in research and development and so on , which helps we countries . 
  the eu funds obviously somewhat compensate for this , but the overall sumps of money are now way close . 
  for example for the 2014-20 programming period , cz was granted 24 billion euro . 
  that 's 4 billion for yeach year . 
  in 2015 some 9 billion euro was taken away from cz in forms of dividents . 
  in 2014 it was 11 billions of euro , in 2013 some 12 billions . 
  do n't get me wrong , i get that this economic path that we took in the 90s was the only possible , but it 's simply misleading to make it look like eu funds are some sort of charity money . 
  they 're not and they never were . 
  we 're paying for them just in other less visible ways . 
  well our nations are still what most people identify with . 
  german voters will hardly ever accept that they should sacrifice some of their prosperity and share a common budget with greece , portugal or italy so that so that the economic disbalances can finally be solved in a long term way . 
  the same as you ca n't explain to czech voters that they should in any way be responsible for middle eastern/african refugees . 
  that 's just how it is . 
  i agree that nowadays the future does look pretty pessimistic , on the other hand , eu countries still have a lot of common interests , so hopefully we will find a way how to work together on the most pressing issues . 
   andthe feeling that the european idea is more like `` i 'll help you but only if there is something in for me , too !, 
  it was always like this though . 
  countries rarely act altruistic , they cooperate when it 's mutually benefitial . 
  even the development help that rich countries give to poor countries is not charity money , the rich countries always get something in return . 
  and obviously , germany is no exception in this . 
  germany did n't seem to care much about italy being overwhelmed with migrants for years and they only started to care when it also was germany 's problem . 
  when it comes to eurozone and the debt crisis , germany also protects its economic interests very carefully regardless of the fact that the current state of eurozone ( monetary union with no fiscal union ) clearly hurts southern european countries . 
  countries mostly follow their own interests and it was always like this . 
  `` the european idea '' would only fully work if we ever were one federation , but that 's not happening any time soon . 
  the reason why you notice that countries indeed do act in a self-serving way is that there were/are several crises going on , which means that more and more countries ' interests are at stake , so there is more space for clashes . 
  the problems that we were dealing with some ten years ago were simply not big enough to have serious clashes over them , but nowadays the situation is way more tensed , so naturally the disagreements are way stronger and more visible . 
  you can criticize a lot of things about babis , but being stupid is not one of them . 
  this message is aimed at his domestic audience and as such it works perfectly . 
  we have elections next year and he 's aiming for the pm position . 
  so he 's just reflecting the mainstream czech opinion on refugees . 
   i 'm not even sure how fast/slow mentalities can evolve . 
  yeah , true . 
  but i do think that it 's possible to observe some of the impacts of significant historic events/periods and how they shape the collective national identity . 
  for example for germans it 's ww2 , for us it 's munich/1968 invasion , hungarians have trianon and so on , i think each nation has these defining moments and at least from the perspective of my nation , i feel like i can see the impacts on the mentality still today , even when there 's hardly anyone alive to remember munich and my own generation has grown up in the post-communist period . 
  the shared identity is still to some extent passed onto the next generations , even though it 's of course weaker and partly replaced with new elements . 
  if i remember it correctly , from the geographical point of view , central europe was defined as v4 + austria + germany + liechtenstein + switzerland and slovenia in our textbooks . 
  i would more or less agree with that definition . 
  perhaps croatia could also be counted in . 
  and yes , from my perspective , there is definitely more to that than just geography . 
  hell , we were in some sort of state entity with the germans and later austrians for centuries ( hre and the habsburg empire ) . 
  of course that left us with some cultural influence , be it architecture , art or cuisine . 
  obviously the communist regime managed to kill a lot of the ties , but it could not completely undone it . 
  though it 's true that it created a lot of divisions as well , specially in the terms of economics . 
  also the overall mentality of the societies vary a lot , but i 'm not sure whether it ever was similar in the first place . 
  but nobody ever lumps us in northern europe .
