  and what exactly should more cooperation in defense mean ? 
  there are many unanswered questions and it is for sure in your interest to have you voiced heard as much as possible . 
  that does n't mean that you should n't be a part of the decision making on what the future of the eu looks like . 
  you 're the eu as well , just like benelux or visegrad countries , so naturelly you should voice your opinion instead of just accepting whatever someone else decides . 
  i do n't agree with your view on v4 . 
  i think it 's a useful platform for us to form common positions on issues that we can agree on . 
  our ministers meet more or less before every summit and try work out a common stance , they do n't always succeed , but that does n't mean v4 is a joke . 
  tak the issue with different quality products in the west and in the east - we have finally managed to get the attention of the commission and i would absolutely not call that `` fighting for stupid shit '' . 
  it 's not stupid to want our customers to have the same quality of products as in the west . 
  and this is just one example , there are plenty of more examples where we can work constructively . 
  did you for example know that v4 managed create a rotating unit and send it to lithuania quicker than the new multinational unit under nato ? 
  i also would n't say that v4 refuses more europe categorically . 
  for example i have n't heard from any v4 country that they would be against further cooperation in defense . 
  plus slovakia has euro and their fm has said that they want to be included in the core if multispeed europe happens . 
  that does n't sound like refusing more europe at all . 
  yes , but avast has recently bought avg , so they merged into one company . 
  yes , but surveys asking about the recent actions showed that most poles oppose them . 
  also pis did n't campaign promising that they 'll try to obstruct the eu . 
  do n't judge the whole poland based on the current government 's actions . 
  they act in a very irrational way and there were polls showing that the majority of poles oppose these actions . 
  i hope this is just a show for their hardcore domestic audience . 
  if not , then the polish government really needs to chill the fuck out . 
  i 'm not one of the people who think that we in v4 should say yes to absolutely everything the eu wants , however obstructing other agenda because you do n't like one decision of the council is just ridiculously stupid . 
  not only you will piss of the eu officials and we countries , you 're also gon na make it very difficult for other v4 countries to cooperate with you constructively . 
  not even orb\u00e1n ever took this kind of confrontational style with the eu . 
  it 's especially stupid because in the upcoming months and years , the future of the eu will be debated and ideally we in the v4 should try to push for the common interests of our region , but that will be difficult when the strongest v4 country acts crazy . 
  i would like to say that we 're not proud of him here , however he actually does have a fairly strong fanbase . 
  he has a solid shot at being re-elected . 
  be glad that your president is a normal person . 
  well the current president is in his position since 2013 , so i do n't know whether you mean the same person , however i would n't be surprised if it was him , because he 's very well known for drinking a lot . 
  basically the tldr version of the positions of czech representatives : government : anti-mena migration , against the refugee quotas , but otherwise fairly pro-eu . 
  in favour of further cooperation in defense , but otherwise cautious about multi-speed europe . 
  not keen on joining the eurozone . 
  president : absolutely strongly against mena migration , so obviously against the quotas as well , combination of pro-russia , pro-china and pro-trump views . 
  but also not directly against the eu in the way le pen or wilders are . 
  we have the general elections in autumn and presidential elections in january 2018 , so the situation might change after that . 
  the vast majority of people are not individual units . 
  they have family ties to their home country . 
  once you have a family , you ca n't just decide for yourself that you want to move , you have to take other people 's wishes into consideration . 
  also the people who work for the most shit salaries usually happen to be the lowest skilled people . 
  these people mostly do n't have the language skills and often also the ambition to improve their situation by moving abroad . 
  other people who might have the skills simply have emotional ties to their home country . 
  as long as they can live relatively comfortable lives , it 's not worth it for them to move to a different country , even if the salaries there are significantly higher . 
  afterall , life is not all about money and for some people , living in a country where the culture/mentality/enviroment / weather suits you is more important than having a big salary . 
  do you think there 's any hope that kaczynski will eventually lose his influence over the party ? 
  is there any opposition to him within the party ? 
  i ca n't imagine that all pis politicians are perfectly happy with having polish influence in the eu diminished . 
  poles could probably explain this way better than i can , but basically there are many conspiracy theories around the crash of the plane with the polish delegation saying that it was in fact an assasination by russia and that tusk was involved in the cover-up because he wanted to get rid of his political rival . 
  some pis politicians have themselves supported these claims . 
  then there 's the lighter version that tusk was not personally involved , but he is still morally responsible because of negligence . 
  i do n't know what exactly kaczynski believes , but he clearly has n't got over it . 
  he and his twin brother were very close . 
  i do n't think orb\u00e1n gives a crap about epp to be honest . 
  his policies very often go against their positions , he gets criticized and there ever were discussions about exluding fidezs and he still changed nothing about his positions . 
  i 'd say this is all about the fact that tusk is from cee so he just naturelly reflects our interests better . 
  it 's not that he always directly supports us , but at least he understands this region . 
  this mostly ca n't be said about we politicians - it 's not even that they want to go against us all the time , but they just do n't have any deeper knowledge about this region , they do n't understand our problems/motivations/goals / mentality . 
  with tusk we can work well . 
  our diplomats and politicians have been very happy with him and said that he helped as many times while in his position . 
  orb\u00e1n is n't stupid , he must see this as well . 
   the other v4 states will pressure pis into seeing sense . 
  actually from what our media say about this quoting unnamed sources from our diplomacy , it seems like we 're just as baffled and frustrated by this as the rest of europe . 
  the other three v4 countries have already tried pressuring polish government into some kind of compromise , but the polish government does not act in a very rational way . 
  an unnamed czech diplomat said that it 's frustrating that `` we have to deal with kaczynski 's personal trauma '' . 
  it 's really incredible that the polish government is willing to isolate itself over this thing not only within the eu but also within the v4 . 
  normally i would also say that eventually they for sure will start seeing sense as well , but at this point i 'm not sure about it , because you ca n't rely on them acting rationally . 
  kaczynski basically blames tusk for the death of his brother , so it 's personal for him . 
  we 'll se how far he 's willing to go . 
  i did n't say that he agreed with us on every single occasion . 
  it 's still better to have him there than someone from another part of europe . 
   i 'm not talking about opinion surveys . 
  i 'm talking about the history of your own people . 
  no , you 're saying that our schools should teach us about how the public reacted to our emmigrants in all the countries they went . 
  that 's just not realistic , i mean i 'm sure there were many different reactions , just like the current reactions to the migrant crisis are not identical , so what should the school say ? 
  `` well there were some people who welcomed them and there were some people who did n't and then there was this minority that was even openly hostile to them and the ratio was 50:40:10 in germany and 60:35:5 in the us and blablala '' like , sorry , that 's not some crucial information that we would have to know . 
   `` we were great and glorious . 
  then everything went to shit , but it was totally everybody else 's fault . 
  also , the history of recent decades is unknowable . '', 
  well this is not how it is here , definitely not in my country . 
  we 're not overly patriotic if that 's what you mean . 
  yes , we do have national tragedies that we blame on others , but that 's just objectively something where we were not the aggressors , so who the hell should we blame ? 
  or should we blame ourselves for 1938 or 1968 ? 
   i also find it really funny that taking in refugees from eastern europe earned us no goodwill whatsoever i 'm not saying it earned you no goodwill . 
  it definitely was a nice gesture . 
  however it 's also absolutely not significant enough for the people currently living in the czech republic to form their opinions and attitudes based on this . 
  i really do n't know why i , as someone who was born after 89 and who has not a single emmigrant in my family , should feel some obligation based on this . 
  i do n't owe you anything because germany happened to took some czech emmigrants . 
  nor do i owe anything to people from mena because of this . 
  seriously i just do n't understand this logic . 
  immigration policy is something that should very carefuly managed and should not be determined by emotions . 
  and definitely not by some emotions totally unrelated to the current topic . 
  we would be absolutely stupid to let our immigration policies be influenced by our feelings about czech emmigrants during the communism era . 
  those two situations ( the czech emmigrants and the current migrant crisis ) are not even similar . 
  it 's a false parallel . 
  if we were to build our migration policy based on a false parallel , then we would be total idiots . 
  yeah , for example he supported cee countries in their opposition to nord stream ii . 
  this has nothing to do with multi speed europe . 
  tusk is from our region , he represents our interests more than anyone from outside of our regin could , so of course the other three v4 countries support him . 
  it is very much in our interest to do so . 
  it 's only poland 's current retarded government which is willing to put their own internal disputes before poland 's national interest .
