  corrupted , opportunistic , populist asshole - yeah sure . 
  but not some neo-nazi far right radical . 
   i 'm worried about the political goals and social measures of some ee thanks for being so concerned about us , but maybe you should be more concerned about fpo in austria , le pen in france , pvv in netherlands , trump in the us , afd in germany or brexiteers in the uk . 
  are you also sceptical of austria 's , france 's or netherlands ' eu membership ? 
   that 's spot on and exactly a problem for poland since its inception - especially if german and russian interests align  i totally understand that  i 'm personally with poland on this . 
  imo the potentional political consequences of this project are not worth the benefits that we ( as cz ) might gain . 
  but as i said , i also understand germany 's position , they just follow their interests , just like poland does . 
  i understand poland 's position ( and thanks for pointing out the thing about your coal dependancy , i did n't really realize that and it makes poland 's position even more understandable ) . 
  on the other hand , i also understand germany 's position . 
  they want cheaper gas and more secure lines that could avoid ukrainian territory . 
  it just so happens that germany 's and poland 's interests go directly against each other in this situation . 
  it will be interesting to see what eu decides on eventually . 
   i would argue that the stability in ukraine is mainly threatened by the proxy invasion , by corruption , an economic crisis , unemployment and political instability in general rather than the gas problems , but you certainly got a point . 
  this is all connected though . 
  if you do n't have money , then you also lack the tools that could help you solve your other problems . 
  how is ukraine supposed to fight russian-supported separatists if they go bankrupt ? 
  it 's pretty hard to ensure political stability , if you do n't have economic stability . 
   it seemed to me that this is usually done by forming internal blocks in the eu and then exercising pressure on other countries/blocs . 
  involving the eu itself as a vehicle is n't that common . 
  honestly i do n't see what your problem with that is . 
  this is a really important issue for poland , it 's about their energy security , they are also very sensitive about anything that has to do with russia . 
  of course they 're going to use all the tools they have available to protect their interests . 
  any other country in their position would do so . 
  germany is doing exactly the same thing - protecting their interests too , maybe you 're not so loud about it , but the intentions are pretty much the same . 
  i think you 're just a bit biased towards poland ( no offense , i mean , we all have our little biases and prejudices ) , so you 're looking at their actions more critically , when in fact , they 're acting pretty understandably ( just like germany 's stance is understandable ) given the circumstances . 
  this issue touches the very national interests of both poland and germany , so of course `` solidarity '' does n't mean much . 
  the same thing has been happening with the migrant crisis , both when western europe did n't want to help out italy before 2015 and nowadays when ee does n't want to help out we . 
  people should really stop getting outraged over the lack of solidarity . 
  in 99 % cases there is just no such thing when core national interests are involved , both in the case of we and ee . 
   proxy war or not , what matters in the end is that there will be ukrainian households that do not have enough gas to heat their homes . 
  oh , let 's get real , this was never about ukrainian households . 
  it was never about the well-being of ukrainian people or well-being of ukraine as a country in general . 
  when cee politicians are now using ukraine as an argument , they do n't really think about people of ukraine , they are concerned about the stability and the balance of power in the eastern european region . 
  you 're right that russia-ukraine gas feuds were here before , but since 2014 , the geopolitical conditions changed , you ca n't deny that . 
  it makes much more sense to worry about ukranian stability and russian influence in the region now that it did before 2014 . 
  i 'm not saying there were no reasons to be worried before 2014 , but they were much smaller . 
  before 2014 , what was mainly at stake was just the well being of ukraine . 
  whereas today , the political consequences of weak and destabilized ukraine and stronger russia affect us as well . 
  so , yes , i agree with you that v4 arguments about ukraine are not as altruistic as they might seem , however that does n't mean that the geopolitical concerns are not real . 
   it however is not a valid argument in my opinion . 
  it is natural that this would upset poland , but it does not justify seeking help from the eu in stopping the project . 
  i think that poland has every right to look for allies when protecting their interests , including the eu , that does n't obviously mean that the eu is obliged support poland . 
  and come on , i 'm pretty sure germany will also try to pull the strings in the eu to get the commission on your side and germany 's motivation for that will also be mainly , if not purely , financial . 
  all countries are doing this , so i see absolutely no problem with poland doing it . 
   as i have said time and time again in this regard : none of the v4 had these concerns with south stream despite it having exactly the same effect on ukraine . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but have n't the first debates about south stream taken place before the whole crisis in ukraine escalated into war ? 
  because if so , those are some very different geopolitical conditions and you ca n't really compare these two situations . 
  and then in 2014 when the situation in ukraine got tensed , the whole south stream project was already sort of slowly dying anyway , so there was no need to loudly oppose it . 
   i would argue that transit fees are an argument to oppose it for poland no matter what . 
  oh yeah , definitely , i was not trying to say otherwise , of course poland is also concerned about their own transit money , but that 's quite understandable , any country would be concerned about that . 
   would you say that the opposition is mainly driven by solidarity with poland rather than solidarity with ukraine or rational concerns ? 
  i 'm not sure , i do n't see in the heads of our officals , but i would definitely say there 's some pressure on us from v4 , not just poland , but also slovaks , who we 're politically close with , so we tend to stick with them . 
  the ukraine argument is often publicaly used by our officials and for sure plays some role . 
  as i said , weak ukraine is rationally not so good for us . 
  although i 'm not sure how important that really is . 
  we 're definitely hesitant about the whole thing and i would not be surprised if we adopted a neutral position eventually . 
  i remember that in november 2015 cee countries sent a letter to the commission protesting about the nord stream and we did n't join this initiative . 
  then in december we apparently talked it through with slovaks and decided to join the opposition . 
   they simply are afraid of being cut off by russia/rising gas prices/loss of transit fees . 
  why do they need to make bullshit excuses to opppose the project ? 
  what do you mean , the statement of duda that you quoted basically says the exact same thing that you said that they 're afraid of , just in different words . 
  circumventing poland = being cut off by russia efficiency and competitiveness with regard to gas supplies = having to pay more for gas . 
  the only thing that duda does n't openly mention are the transit fees . 
  but even the transit fees are not purely a financial concern , since the country that is going to be the most fucked by this is not poland or any other v4 country , but ukraine . 
  ukraine already is in deep shit financially , they really need the transit money , not having it would financially ( and also politically ) significantly weaken the country . 
  weak and unstable ukraine is really not good for our region , or just for eu in general . 
  for example my country still reluctantly opposes the project , despite projections saying that we would financially benefit from it ( since one of the routes would go from germany through us to slovakia/austria and further south to italy ) . 
  it 's a fun discussion to read though . 
  a : the system wo n't work . 
  b : the system would work , if we could enforce it . 
  a : but we are not able to enforce it . 
  b : but if we could enforce it , it would work . 
  a : but we ca n't enforce it . 
  b : but if we enforced it , it would be the best and fairest system . 
  a : but it 's not possible to enforce it . 
  c : i think you guys are trapped in a circle here . 
   cant really get what czechs see on babis . 
  i do n't vote for him , however i can see why other people do . 
  1 . people are simply fed up with traditional parties and ano still manages to keep the anti-establishment image despite being in the government for three years . 
  2 . ano does n't have any ideology whatsoever , so they can catch both right wing and left wing voters . 
  there are surveys saying that they have voters among former communist voters and former ods/top 09 voters . 
  and i 'm not really that surprised , since babi\u0161 , as the finance minister , is rather fiscally conservative , which can appeal to right-wing voters , while at the same time , the economy is doing well , so he does n't need to restrict any social benefits/state salaries . 
  he can actually afford to raise the minimum wage , raise the salaries of medical workers and teachers , which can appeal to the left wing voters . 
  at the same time , having no ideology means that they have basically no core voters . 
  so the moment the economy worsens and he can no longer appease both right wing and left wing voters , or the moment a serious scandal appears , so he can no longer be seen as anti-corruption , he will loose the voters quickly . 
  3 . not all of the people in ano are actually bad politicians by default . 
  ano mps are also among the ones who support the reconstruction of state anti-corruption laws the most . 
  anyway , i agree that it 's likely that he 's going to win , but i would not be 100 % sure about that . 
  as i said , it 's still a year ahead of us , a lot can happen . 
  and even if he does win , it does n't guarantee that he 's going to form a government . 
  in terms of v4/eu orientation , it does n't change anything for now . 
  these were just regional elections and the regional councils have no power over foreign policy . 
  the current government has a mandate until autumn 2017 . 
  so that means a whole year is still ahead of us until the next general elections , a lot can happen in that time , it 's really too soon to predict any results . 
  yes , absolutely , basically all mainstream parties are against immigration from mena . 
  this is because it 's also the mainstream opinion of the population , so the political parties reflect on that . 
  however we also have parties which combine this stance with an anti-eu sentiment and which advocate leaving the eu alltogether and these luckily did n't get a lot of votes . 
  well ha\u0161ek seems like he 's pretty much done for now . 
  or at least seriously weakened . 
  but i get your point , \u010cssd really is split into these two sections and i think it 's actually one of the reasons why they did so poorly in these elections .
