  i would actually argue that in the long term , we would be better off without them . 
  not because i want to hate on the eu or we countries , but because it would hopefully force us to invest into innovation in order to stay competitive . 
  with the uk leaving , we 're not going to be a net taker for long anyway , so better to get used to it . 
  ha , you picked us on our national day , that ca n't go unnoticed , i 'm in !, 
   it is also not that uncommon in germany to take an initial `` no '' as a sign to try a bit of persuasion . 
  that 's my experience as well . 
  when i was on erasmus in norway , there were some german students there as well and they would do this little diplomatic dance ( politely decline the first offer , but in a hesitant enough way for the person who made that offer to know that you actually want to accept , then wait for the inevitable re-offer and politely accept it ) just like we , or other european nationalities do it . 
  i was actually kind of surprised when listening to this podcast that it is apparently not really a thing in germany . 
  maybe i was just lucky to meet extra-polite germans . 
  hungary , slovakia , poland and the czech republic are sending our own v4 rotating unit ( each country sending 150 soldiers rotating after 3 months starting in 2017 ) outside of this mission . 
  exactly , it 's great quality article , which of course can be quite expected , since the author is a pretty well known statistician/financial mathematician/risk analyst . 
  i really enjoy his work . 
  well , not really , because czechy = \u010cechy , whereas czechia = \u010cesko , or at least that 's how i translate it in my mind . 
  czechy sounds bad to my czech ears , because it sounds exactly like the word '' \u010cechy '' in czech language and '' \u010cechy '' is just another word for `` bohemia '' . 
  and bohemia is just one part of our country , moravia and silesia are the other two . 
  so then we would have the same issue like when people call netherlands `` holland '' . 
  maybe this is just wishfull thinking , but i really think hor\u00e1\u010dek has a solid chance against zeman . 
  he could be our kiska 2.0 . 
  i think zeman is so arrogant that he overestimates how much of his bullshit will the population swallow . 
  he really crossed the last with brady . 
  hopefully people will remember this . 
   it should be mentioned at the outset that goldthau 's report was financed by the five western european partners -- shell , basf/wintershall , uniper , omv and engie -- that each hold 10 % in the project . 
  kudos to them for actually mentioning that in the article , but really , i 'm having a hard time taking seriously a report financed by the companies who are going to massively benefit from nord stream . 
  there is no way that this report is in any way balanced . 
   the arguments i have heard so far in favour of nord stram 2 are clear and obvious . 
  the arguments against are not . 
  true , there are some uninvolved countries opposing it , but i still have n't heard their compelling arguments . 
  i do n't know , there must be some cognitive failure on my side , your side , or both sides , because to me , arguments from both the supporters and the opposing countries are pretty clear and compelling and i have no troubles understanding both of these positions . 
   saying just that it is a threat to the cee energy security is not enough . 
  i was not just saying that and you know it . 
  i was explaining why i see it this way in my previous posts and so were other people in this whole thread . 
  i do n't really feel like repeating myself all over again . 
   we do n't know , really , why the czech republic is opposing it . 
  hmm . 
  it 's not the money . 
  it 's not the hysteria . 
  what could it be really ? 
  i mean , yeah , i do n't see in the heads of our officials , but i think i can take a qualified guess based on the information that i have . 
  you 're free to make your own conclusion . 
   being worried about russia is ok and preparing yourself is wise . 
  imagining some imminent threat to a nato and eu member state just because russia invaded ukraine is not really rational . 
  well what does an imminent threat mean ? 
  invasion ? 
  that is indeed very unlikely . 
  but russia using gas as a political tool ? 
  that 's something that might happen . 
  i 'm not saying it 's guranteed to happen , but it 's a possibility . 
  nah , stop the negativity , there are some good people in our politics . 
  for example our minister of culture is awesome . 
  other kdu ministers are relatively fine as well . 
  our euro commissioner is good . 
  there are some really great people in both the lower house and upper house who are doing a lot to support the reconstruction anti-corruption laws . 
  and also , not all cssd or ano ministers are that horrible . 
  it 's just a shame that zeman and his pro-chinese and pro-russia friends get all the attention . 
  gosh , i really want out own kiska . 
   i thought we were talking about cee countries , not the czech republic specifically . 
  i do n't know why prague is against nort stream 2 and would prefer not to guess . 
  well sorry if i was n't clear , but that 's what i was talking about . 
  i was using us as an example that even if you eliminate the financial factor ( because we would not lose the transit money ) you can still have other reasons to oppose ns2 . 
  and in our case it 's definitely not some irrational anti-russia hysteria . 
  the much more likely scenario is that we 're simply concerned about the energy security of cee region . 
  because ns2 is a project that threatens it . 
   countries have their blind spots and irrational reactions . 
  pretending that they not for the sake of political correctness is less than wise . 
  i do n't know what political correctness has to do with that . 
  i realize that people can sometimes act irrationaly . 
  i just argue that in this case , it is very likely not the reason why we oppose the nord stream . 
  and i would be very against dismissing other cee 's countries reactions towards russia as irrational . 
  people were calling the baltics paranoid , then russia invaded ukraine and now nobody thinks they 're so paranoid anymore . 
   it is a fact of life . 
  it is particularly valid for poland and some of the baltics . 
  if a country that can still seriously claim that its president was assassinated in an arranged plane crash after all those years - it is something that ca n't be ignored . 
  well we 're not poland and our president has pretty pro-russian views . 
  can our opposition to the nord stream now be taken seriously and not as a result of some emotional trauma ? 
  thanks . 
   i said that such reactions happen often whether the threat is real or perceived . 
  that should be taken into account . 
  no , it does n't happen very often . 
  in fact , i do n't remember our politicians having any sort of hysterical reactions towards russia in the past decade or so . 
  i would actually say some of our politicians are sometimes being too friendly to russia . 
  and as i said , our president is pretty openly pro-russia . 
  our government has refrained from any openly hostile rhetorics , it maintains the general eu position when it comes to sanctions and that 's about it . 
  there is no unreasonable anti-russian hysteria here . 
  we still do oppose ns2 . 
  if there are any emotions involved whatsoever in this decision , than it 's not negative emotions towards russia , but more likely positive emotions towards slovaks and the unwillingness to backstab them . 
  but even this very likely plays a small ( if any ) role . 
  the main reason why we oppose this project are the concerns for the energy security of the cee region . 
   please , refrain from putting words in my mouth . 
  i apologize , i know i used a bit of a straw man . 
  it 's just that your post came off as incredibly condescending ( do n't know if you realize that ) and i really do n't like that . 
   cee countries often react emotionally to perceived or real threats involving russia . 
  you always have to take that into account . 
  yeah , right , so our opposition can be explained by us being too emotional to the extent of not being able to make a rational judgement about this . 
  i mean , i can take when we 're called xenophobic , underdeveloped , ungrateful or whatever , but this is probably one of the most insulting things i have heard about my country . 
  basically what you 're saying is that when russia is involved , we can not be taken seriously , as if we were some troubled kids who should sit in the corner and let the rational , clear-minded adults ( western europeans ) do the talk . 
   this is not 1939 . 
  germany and poland are not geopolitical enemies but partners in the eu . 
  you do n't have to be enemies to have conflicting interests . 
   it does nothing of the kind . 
  sigh .
