  we have open borders in europe , so there 's nothing stopping them from leaving to whatever country they want . 
  you can cut their benefits , but the benefits in ee are so low that most will probably find it better to live in we within their community with no benefits that in ee on eastern european benefits where have no friends , no family , no fellow country men , nothing that would make them feel good . 
  i 'm pretty sure they 're not interested in that . 
  and i do n't see why they should . 
  if a member state decided to leave every time there is a disagreement , we would soon not have any members left . 
  not just more politically difficult , it 's pretty much impossible . 
  if anything became pretty clear in the last year , then it 's the fact that the eu simply ca n't force countries into this , specially when they have their populations firmly on their side when it comes to the quotas . 
  in the current situation when the eu is weakened by brexit and rising euro-scepticism across the continent , it 's simply not worth it to start a fight over a few thousands of migrants , who are very likely to not stay where they 're allocated anyway . 
  i have no idea how we managed to beat switzerland , norway , austria sweden and germany . 
  or was the quality of the beer given a special consideration ? 
  we had a somewhat similar story here ( fortunately with a better ending ) , when two quite well known journalists decided to quit working at the public tv station , after one of them was getting quite a lot of shit for being too hard and pushy on her guests , and instead they started their own internet tv show ( not on youtube ) . 
  it very immediately also became very popular and got a lot of money through crowdfunding servers ( not patreon , but our own czech version ) . 
  but that 's pretty much it , nothing else happened , sure , some politicians are refusing to come to their show , but that 's pretty much the only resistence they showed . 
  but anyway , if anyone in lithuania is seriously considering to block the entire youtube because of one channel they do n't like , then they must be incredibely stupid , since it will only create a backlash even among those who are not even watching that show ( but they 're watching other youtube channels ) . 
  they ca n't seriously think that they can censor internet and get away with it . 
  yes , i understand that , but it still does n't change that for all these reasons that you mentioned , germany can not really return quite a lot of people . 
  and even if the war in syria ends , it will be still hard to a make a case that the people are no longer in `` concrete threat of their life '' . 
  basically the point that i 'm making is that it 's very likely that the syrian refugees will not leave any time soon , if ever . 
  but yeah , i could be wrong and i would actually be glad if i was wrong and you were right . 
  we will have to wait and see . 
   even though separate countries were formed in the balkan , afaik they were still rather diverse . 
  yes , that 's true , but it 's still incomparable to the syrian situation . 
  if you wanted to make a better comparison , it would be as if you forced the croats or the bosnians to return to serbia under the rule of milosevic . 
   comparing the two situations , there are a couple years left for the war in syria to be resolved before it 's really time to start worrying . 
  that 's a fair point , we will have to see how ( and if ) the situation in syria resolves . 
  as i said , i 'm quite pessimistic , but you 're right that i could be wrong . 
   also a thing of note seems that syrians went through quite a few years of war before the real mass of them started fleeing , while in case of the yugoslavian conflict the refugee wave happened much quicker from what i can tell . 
  this could be construed as syrians being more commited to their homeland . 
  again , it 's hard to take two different wars , compare them as if they were the same and then draw a conclusion that syrians are more commited to their homeland . 
  i 'm not a history/military expert , so i do n't want to argue about the differences betwen these two wars that might have caused the civilians to flee later , but i doubt that their commitment to their country is the only factor . 
   while it 's true that the conflict in syria is nowhere near resolved yet , at least we are seeing commitments from usa and russia to peace as well as baby-steps in the right direction with the recent ( but short-lived ) cease-fire . 
  sorry , but i do n't see any commitment to peace from russia and assad . 
  i see brutal cynicism in their war of attrition , which they see that is working , so they will continue with this strategy . 
  they will continue making the life of civilians unsufferable by barrel bombing , by targetting hospitals , ambulances , humanitarian workers and convoys until the civilians are so desperate that they turn against the rebels , who choose to surrender or leave . 
  it worked in daraya and other cities and now they 're doing it again in aleppo . 
  as long as this continues to be succesful , they will not stop doing it despite all the peace talks . 
  the western world might have a serious commitment to peace , but our capabilities to reach it are close to zero . 
  the rebels that the us were supporting are largely islamist radicals . 
  the kurds can only be supported as long as they do n't get too strong because turkey wo n't allow that . 
  any direct western intervention is out of the question . 
  we simply do n't have the influence to make peace in syria happen . 
  it 's not in our hands . 
   german authorities at least had no problem making a few examples of people that were n't willing to leave in the 90ies . 
  it was widely publicized in the press back then afaik . 
  i believe german efficiency can do wonders in that area . 
  german efficiency can do wonders ? 
  sorry , but did n't you notice the tons of articles in both german and world media about the tens of thousands of people who are still in germany despite their application for asylum being rejected ? 
  [ this article ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/what-happens-with-rejected-asylum-applicants-who-are-not-deported/a-19426155 ) from july mentiones 155k people who are still tolerated in germany even if their application was rejected . 
  even if the deportations are succesful , imagine the uproar if germany returns people to post-war assad-ruled syria and some of them get imprisoned or even tortured/killed by the government . 
  there would basically only have to be several of such cases made public and the german authorities would have it very difficult to return more people . 
  you ca n't really compare the situation of former yugoslavia with syria though . 
  yes , both wars were/are very brutal , but the one in yugoslavia ( be it the first two conflicts with croatia and bosnia or the second one with kosovo ) basically ended in a few years and the result was a foundation of independent countries ( in the case of kosovo more or less independent ) - so even if the conditions in these countries sucked , people had a place to return , where they would not be ruled by the very people that forced them to flee in the first place . 
  if you look at syria , the conflict is still not about to end . 
  there are multiple sides operating there and multiple foreign powers trying to influence the result . 
  no one really has the upper hand , but for now it looks like assad and his allies might be a bit closer to victory . 
  so what does happen when assad beats the rebels ( and manages to make a deal with syrian kurds that will grant them some autonomy but still keep them in the country ) ? 
  most of the syrian refugees coming to europe are sunni arabs who are mostly escaping assad , not isis , not the other radical islamist groups . 
  i 'm not making this up , there already were reports from unhcr about the demographic trends among syrian refugees and `` who are you escaping from '' was one of the question . 
  assad leads a brutal war against the civilians ( because he knows that many symphatize with either the moderate or radical rebels and this is his way to crush their support for them ) , so it would take an extremely tough approach from the german authorities to force these people back to syria if assad is still in power . 
  i ca n't see the german authorities being able to do that . 
  on the other hand if assad does n't win and some sunni-majority government emerges , expect an influx of shia/alawite refugees trying to get away from that country . 
  honestly at this point , i do n't see a peaceful resolution for syria , the country is so fucked up that a yugoslav way ( separation into several independent countries based on ethnicity/religion ) would probably be the best , but nor assad nor the foreign powers will let that happen . 
  so whoever wins at the end will probably somewhat control the entire country and i 'm afraid that it 's pretty much guaranteed for the winning side to opress the losing side . 
  yeah , i do n't really blame them for objecting , from their point of view it makes perfect sense , but that does n't mean we should listen to them . 
  honestly the whole british post-brexit diplomacy is a horrible inconsistent mess . 
  first , boris is like `` let 's develop ties outside of the eu , we should get a bit closer with russia , putin is not so bad and maybe we will bully ee into having a more favourable approach to us in the brexit negotiations '' and the next second he 's like `` nope , we 're commited to nato and ee 's security and we will send troops to estonia and poland '' . 
  the uk seriously needs to get its shit together and only after that we can discuss their concerns and objections . 
   personally , i love prague and i love people there . 
  they are so open-minded and open to europe and the world . 
  prague in general is way more liberal and open-minded than the rest of our country , but it is no way an envy-free , cosmopolitan paradise . 
  we czechs are a very egalitarian society , so having a lot of money and showing it , is also seen unfavourably here . 
  of course many western expats stay in their cosmopolitan , highly liberal expat bubbles , so they might never find out . 
  my point is , do n't be so hard on your country . 
  there are flaws everywhere , including prague , you just do n't know about them , because you 're not that familiar with that place . 
   either allying with the us is beneficial to us even if we can defend ourselves , or it is not . 
  i think it absolutely is , we mostly have the same interests , we come from the same civilization background , so it 's quite logical that we should stick together . 
  sure , it 's not good to be completely dependent , but keeping close ties has way more positive effects than negative effects . 
   i think such an armies focus will have to be territorial defence of the eu first and foremost . 
  yeah , but nowadays the threats are not what they used to be some decades about . 
  the biggest threat ( at least in the eyes of the average eu citizen ) is terrorism and the instability of countries in our neighbourhood in general , because it brings instability to europe as well since we ca n't deal with the refugee/migrant waves . 
  but you 're right that it 's probably unrealistic for now . 
  maybe in the future it will be possible . 
  but southern europe ( italy , greece ) would very much need the efforts to stabilize north africa now already . 
  ee has legit concerns about russia , but as long as nato stands , putin is very unlikely to attack any nato country , whereas italy is already in trouble now , it 's not some hypothetical scenario that might happen if trump wins , it 's a very real scenario that is happening right now . 
  obviously it 's not the same kind of trouble , foreign invasion is a different thing from mass migration , but it 's still a trouble that the hypothetical army could help with . 
   i never understood how a eu army should destroy nato . 
  i think the logic behind this is quite simple . 
  you have an eu army = you do n't need nato anymore . 
  obviously not immediately it , but some people see it as a first step to make nato obsolete eventually . 
  yeah , you 're right and i think the best way for making sure that the eu army does n't undermine nato would be if the main focus was on peace building and peace keeping activities in the middle east and africa while nato would still work as a deterrent to russia ( of course provided that the us were still willing to play that role , if not , then we would have to rapidly switch that focus , but i think not even trump would completely abolish nato ) . 
  i would n't be so sure about the baltics . 
  they will be worried that the eu army might threaten nato , while at the same time it would not be as powerful and capable as nato . 
  for them nato is still the main security guarantee and they will be careful not to undermine it . 
  yeah , you 're right that it 's ok to criticize . 
  however during this whole crisis it has become trendy to blame everything on v4 as if we were somehow the main obstacle for the quota plan to work , when in fact , absolutely nobody in the eu is able to come at least somewhat close to reaching their quota . 
  not to mention that even if all countries reached the quota , the plan would still not work , because we have open borders in the eu and the refugees all want to go the western/norther europe . 
  so then the v4 countries try to come up with a new plan ( flexible solidarity ) , since this one is clearly not working and you , without even knowing the details of the plan , already start shitting on it . 
  maybe this flexible solidarity will also not work , we will have to wait and see . 
  but since the quota plan has totally failed , i think you should at least give this one a shot . 
   partner than someone who recognizes the problem late you mean recognize the problem once it 's my problem , because i suddenly have over million refugees/migrants in my country .
