  however when it comes to progressiveness , we 're really a weird bunch in the czech republic . 
  we 're not progressive in the same way that certain parts of we societies are . 
  we just simply have a very ` live and let live ' kind of attitude , plus the church here has almost no influence , most people are irreligious . 
  czech people simply overwhelmingly do n't care what other people do in their beds . 
  sexual life is a private matter . 
  religion is a private matter . 
  the way you want to raise your kids is a private matter . 
  alcohol and light drugs are a private matter . 
  gun ownership is a private matter . 
  as long as you do n't bother anyone , you can do whatever you want . 
  but the minute you start to be obnoxious about these things , people will get annoyed . 
  in general i really enjoy the lifestyle we have here , but on the other hand , it has negative sides as well . 
  when people do n't care about you , they also wo n't fight for your rights unless they 're directly affected . 
  that means that even though most people would agree with gay marriages , we still do n't have them , we only have civil partnerships for gays ( which is the same as a marriage , only without the right to adopt ) . 
  and that 's because people simply do n't care about this issue , so politicians do n't feel any pressure to address it . 
  so if you 're gay in the czech republic , you do n't have to hide it , you can organize gay prides , you can date whoever you like , but do n't expect that people will come to you after your coming out to tell you how they support you and how brave you are , more likely they will be like `` okay , whatever '' . 
   idk if its legal in czech republic but if i was girl there i could carry some pepper spray on me to deal with unwanted sexual advances like that . 
  of course it 's legal , but it 's not necessary . 
  the unwanted advances from foreigners are more so annoying than dangerous . 
  and it usually does n't happen during the day , it happens when you 're out with your friends in the evening in a bar or some place and you have a guy trying to hit on you in the obnoxious kind of way even when you repeatedly tell him that you 're not interested . 
  but i never experienced anything where i would actually feel physically threatened . 
  we czechs in general are very reserved and chill , we do n't like physical confrontations very much , so perhaps this puts certain constraints on the behaviour of foreigners , because anyone who would be breaking this code would just automatically drag too much attention to himself . 
  at the same time , the tourists we get , at least where i live ( in brno ) are mostly from other european or western countries . 
  we also get east asian tourists , but those are mostly groups of pensioners . 
  the young men who come are mostly from the west , so they might expect that they could score here easily , however they do n't come from cultures where it 's normal to sort of view women like a property that you can just take , specially if they 're women not from their own civilization background . 
  therefore i usually do n't feel so threatened by them . 
  it might take a while to get rid of them , but eventually , they mostly get the message and leave you alone , even if pissed . 
  i had more bad experiences with men on 14-day vacation in tunisia than what i had in my entire life in the czech republic . 
  and i 'm not kidding , i was only 13 years old on that vacation , i was there with my parents back then . 
  i never felt more like a piece of flesh , grown middle-aged men tried to approach me , catcalled me all the time , i simply could n't leave the hotel resort without the escort of my older brother or my father . 
  and that was at the age of 13 , when i was still just a kid , with barely any woman 's features yet . 
  so when i nowadays read about certain neighbourhoods in paris , where women ca n't walk without being constantly harrased , i totally get what they mean and i 'm really grateful for not having to go through that in my country , because it 's a horrible experience . 
  i can assure you that i personally know some people who think this . 
  they 're the advocates of the weakest possible state when it comes to inner policy , so they 're basically against the vast majority of any regulations . 
  yeah , it 's the result of the devaluation policy , the central bank was buying euros like crazy to keep the crown artificially weak . 
  now we have gigantic reserves compared to the gdp and we kind of do n't know what to do with them . 
  some people consider the state not regulating at all what people can do in pubs as the progressive option . 
  we love you guys too . 
  whatever people think about the split , it 's at least great that we both handled it well , without any bitter let alone resentful feelings . 
  you had one big bump on the way - me\u010diar - and i 'm glad we helped you to catch up with us in nato . 
  and nowadays you 're doing so well that maybe in the future , you will be doing something like that for us , 
  you can see the structure of the reserves here : https://www.cnb.cz/en/statistics/bop_stat/international_reserves/drs_struktura_en.htm, 
  i do n't know , i never really had a serious discussion about it with people around me . 
  i guess some people would be annoyed , while others would be amused . 
  i personally do n't mind about it . 
  if some people look badly on my country because of this , then i would call them hypocrites , because the very fact that they known about the czech republic being associated with porn means they very likely watch it too . 
  so what 's the point pretending like porn is some morally wrong thing ? 
  everybody watches it anyway , so people who claim it 's immoral in the public and then secretly watch it when they 're home alone are frankly just ridiculous . 
  czechs in general have a pretty relaxed attitude towards sexuality , so we do n't care much about this stuff . 
  however it 's another thing when tourists come here thinking that the scenes from porn actually happen here in real life . 
  that you can just walk to any girl , offer her some cash and she 'll give you a blow job right there . 
  that 's obviously a non-sense . 
  now most of tourists of course are n't this stupid , however we do get our fair share of young single men coming to the czech republic , thinking it will be easy to pick up some czech girl , cause we 're all eager to have sex with foreigners . 
  usually it ends with them getting super drunk and butthurt that nobody wants to flirt with them and then they complain that czech people are rude and unfriendly . 
  of course it 's just a tiny minority of foreigners acting like this , but if you 're a czech girl living in some of the bigger czech cities , you 're pretty much guaranteed to bump into one of them at some point . 
  talking from my own experience . 
  i do n't really know many people from the lgbt community , so i ca n't say how it is for them . 
  get a czech friend and try to learn some czech then . 
  the middle aged women at the government offices tend to be much nicer to people who at least show some effort to communicate with them in czech . 
  you do n't have to speak it perfectly , just the basics will do to improve the mood of the office ladies . 
  why should we expect that development ? 
  the fact that germany has a big population combined with a huge ecomic power will not dissappear with more federalization . 
  on the contrary , the more we go from one government-one vote principle where all countries are equal , the more power we give to the big countries . 
  and also what does more independent commission mean ? 
  the commission already is supposed to be independent . 
  the fact that it is n't is troubling , but i fail to see how federalization will produce a more independent commission . 
  from my point of view , the big countries will only have even more space to assert their influence indirectly this time without any constraints placed on them by the smaller countries whose influence through voting will diminish even more . 
  strong member countries will always have more influence in the eu institutions , regardless of what formal changes we make in the structure of the eu . 
  when france and germany are breaking some rules , then the commission will never be very eager to enforce that rules compared to when poland and hungary are breaking some rules . 
  that 's just how it will always be , i do n't dellude myself into thinking that more federalization will weaken germany or france , specially now when the uk is leaving . 
  sure , we can argue over which rules are more important , but the principles are the same . 
  some countries get punished over breaking rules or are threatened with punishment , while others are not . 
  people in my country will surely be thrilled if my country gets sanctioned over noncompliance with the stupid quota system , while other countries happily break fiscal rules for years and nothing ever happens to them . 
  you seem to be confusing several macroeconomic terms , but i have not really expressed myself precisely as well , so we 're even  so , let 's get into it again . 
  balance of payments shows all the inflows and outflows of all money to and from a country , so by the very definination , it ca n't be in surplus or deficit , it 's always zero . 
  what you probably have in mind is current account of the balance of payments , which indeed is in surplus in hungary . 
  the current account consists of the balance of trade and services and of the primary and secondary net income . 
  the balance of trade and services is in surplus in hungary . 
  the primary and secondary net income ( which consists of earnings on foreign investments minus payments made to foreign investors - dividents are just one part of that ) are in a deficit . 
  thus we can conclude that foreign investors take money out of the hungarian economy , but not as much money as hungary makes on foreign trade . 
  source : https://www.mnb.hu/letoltes/bpm6-sajtokozlemeny-2016-q4-en-jav-clean.pdf, 
   neither have the mip violations of germany , france and basically every country that is n't the czech republic . 
  wait , what ? 
  i really do n't think we 're the only ones not breaking the macroecomic rules . 
  it should n't be taken as a norm that it 's ok to break them . 
  it 's precisely these double standards , that some rules are ok to break and others are not okay to break , which make any attempts of the commission to enforce the rules seem not very credible . 
  well for a country 's balance of payments , it 's not really relevant where specificaly the money goes , if you have a massive outflow of dividents , it can be hurtful to your economy regardless of if most of the money goes to germany , france , the us or wherever . 
  in the case of cee economies , it 's just logical that most of the money goes to the western europe , germany included , since they 're the largest foreign owners over here . 
  sorry , but i totally fail to understand what point you 're trying to make . 
  my point is that the flows that he had in mind , i.e. 
  money taken out of foreign-owned companies active in hungary back to their home countries in the form of dividents simply wo n't show in the balance of trade . 
  they will show under the primary and secondary income in the current account . 
  you 're talking about the balance of trade , which by the very definition only contains flows of money concerning foreign trade , not other flows of money . 
  you should check your central bank 's statistic on balance of payments to get a better idea of the ratio . 
  if you want to look specially at the outflow from the foreign-owned companies to their home countries , then look at the primary and secondary net income under the current account . 
  in the czech republic , we 're in a massive deficit , the amount of money that flows out of the country in the form of dividents is insane , it 's definitely way more than what we get in the form of the eu funds . 
  at the same time , the entire current account is in a surplus thanks to the foreign trade . 
  afaik in hungary , it 's similar - your current account is in surplus and you primary and secondary net income in deficit , however the deficit is n't nearly as big as in my country . 
  i 'm not sure what specific currencies we have , it 's probably a mix of euro and us dollars . 
  i just meant that the entire value of the reserves expressed in euros is 124 billions .
