  they have crossed our borders without a permit while none of our neighbouring country could be described as unsafe . 
  this all with the idea in their heads that they 're somehow entitled to a life in germany . 
  we obviously got critized for our actions by several ngos , the migrants tried to go on hunger strike , but this policy was n't changed and throughout the summer our detention centres were almost empty because the migrants knew that whoever tries to come will end up being locked up for months and their money will be taken away from them . 
  now , i understand that the several thousands of migrants we had here can not be compared with the hundreds of thousands that reached western europe . 
  i understand that at first western european countries were totally overwhelmed . 
  but this situation is now going on for years . 
  how is it possible that french authorities still tolerate the calais camp ? 
  how is it possible they you have n't yet taken those people and lock them up ? 
  how is it possible that the migrants are allowed to camp for months in the northern italy trying to reach germany ? 
  and then you see them giving angry interviews to media how they have their dreams too , and how they have an uncle/friend/cousin in the uk/sweden/germany / netherlands and why on earth are they now allowed to go there ? 
  i honestly can not grasp that this behaviour is tolerated . 
  i think that untill western europe sends an absolutely clear message that whoever tries to reach europe illegally will be treated as an illegal migrant and provided just the bare minumum until his asylum application is resolved , the flow just wo n't stop coming . 
  because let 's be honest , these people are not coming for safety . 
  they already have that in jordan/lebanon/turkey or those coming from africa can go to literaly any other safe african country . 
  they 're coming for better economic conditions , but we do n't have the duty to provide that for them . 
   i do n't know how big that concern is for v4 , though honestly i do n't think solving it would make v4 much more receptive it 's definitely one of the reasons why people here are so against the quotas . 
  many people here just do n't consider anyone who leaves a safe country ( i.e. 
  turkey or all the other countries on the balkan route ) for a richer country a refugee . 
  you 're right that it 's not the main reason though . 
  the main reason , without sugarcoating it , is that the refugees are muslims and people here are genuinely afraid of muslims . 
  they watch tv , read news online , they see the troubles western europe is facing when it comes to integration of muslims and they just want none of it . 
  also the problems with quotas is not just that some countries are rejecting them , while others are sort of accepting them but in reality doing close to nothing to implement them , it 's also that the migrants themselves are refusing them . 
  it 's not possible to keep them where they do n't want to stay , unless you pernamently lock them there . 
  for example we had accepted some 90 iraqis directly from lebanon , some 25 of them left to germany ( while others attempted to leave as well but were caught by us at the border ) . 
  so those 25 are now in germany and after another few moths germany ruled that they have to be deported back to us . 
  only in the meantime , they got lost , because germany does n't keep asylum seekers in detention centres , so anyone can just leave and dissappear from the authorities . 
  so the german authorities have no idea where these people are . 
  they might not even be in germany anymore , they might have crossed the schengen border and be in another eu country . 
  with this kind of system you just can not realistically run quota-like solution . 
  it just wo n't work , the refugees simply do not accept the idea that they should be told where to go . 
  you can see it in calais or in italy , both france and italy are perfectly safe nice countries , but the migrants just insist that they are allowed to go wherever they prefer . 
  even within germany , the refugees do n't want to go to some parts and instead want to choose where to start their new life . 
  you could say , so what , beggars ca n't be choosers , we will just make them stay . 
  but so far europe has proven to be absolutely incapable of enforcing any rules . 
  we ca n't deport economic migrants , we ca n't even deport migrants who commit violent crimes , we could n't make them to at least register at the first country , we have been unable to properly check the migrants background . 
  your country has a huge camp of illegal migrants in calais and you 're unable to do anything about it . 
  sweden ca n't even test whether the migrants are saying the truth about their age . 
  not a single european country has the balls to send the economic migrants away against their will , instead all we can come up with is to offer them cash to leave . 
  we essentially can not do anything without the consent of the refugees . 
  but somehow western european politicians are expecting the refugees to stay put in the eastern europe . 
  it 's absolutely dellusional . 
  i remeber when i was growing up how i was always looking up to the western europe because i thought their politicians are so much more capable than ours . 
  well no , they 're just as incapable . 
  actually when it comes to migrants crisis , they seem to be even more incapable , i 'm honestly just really dissapointed by the level of incompetence that the western europe has showed so far . 
  if i had to move then i would probably pick slovakia or austria , because i 'm already familiar with the countries and i think i could fit in relatively easily . 
  well in slovakia i would blend in without any issues at all , specially since czech and slovak are mutually intelligible and our cultures are also very close . 
  austrian mentality seems pretty close to ours as well , at least from my experience . 
  i would have to work on my german a little bit , but i can already speak good enough to have a decent conversation , so i think it would take me just a couple of months to get on c1 level . 
  before brexit , i would have said the uk as well , since i can speak english , but now i would think about that twice , because i would be afraid that i would not be welcome there , but i guess scotland could be fine . 
  or london . 
  do n't take it too personally , we have really good relations with all of our neighbours , so it 's really hard to pick one . 
  poland is just the one with a few negative stereotypes that the other countries do n't have , but nowadays i would say most of czechs would actually choose germany as the least favourite neighbour because of merkel 's policy on refugees . 
   do you believe in one or more god ( s ) ? 
   are you a member of a religious society ? 
  ( church of england , folkekirken , etc. ), 
   do you ever say a prayer , meditate , etc ? 
  i do some sort of meditating if i can call it that way - once i week i try to turn off my mind , just relax in a dark place , with some slow music in the background , but it does n't have any religious connotations at all , this is just my way to re-charge . 
   whether or not you go to a church/mosque/temple etc. 
  or not , do you perceive yourself as ... agnostic atheist . 
   what is your general perception of religion ? 
  i 'm not a big fan . 
  it 's ok as long as people keep it in their private lifes , the moment they try to influence the public life , let alone try to mix religion and politics , it 's an issue for me . 
  i feel czech first and european second . 
  i would say majority of the people around me feel the same way . 
  national identity comes first , only after that comes the european identity . 
  please , just stop with this `` western europe is turning into islamist shithole '' narrative . 
  western europe is still very safe , despite the several attacks that happened there . 
  yes , they have a problem with a part of their population that did n't integrate well into the mainstream society . 
  still , if you 're not living in the dangerous parts of the cities , you will feel perfectly safe in the western europe . 
  the statistical chance of being caught in a terror attack is very very low . 
  there 's no reason to flee to the eastern europe purely out of safety concerns . 
   the topic is the moments of shame , not limiting it to attacking other countries . 
  yeah , you 're absolutely right , somehow when reading other peoples ' comments , everyone was sort was mentioning only things they did to other countries , so i forgot the original title . 
  now that i see it , you 're right , the things you mentioned are totally relevant . 
  well i did n't say we 're completely blameless , did i ? 
  however a lot of those things you listed is really stuff that we did to ourselves , not to other nations and you ca n't deny that when it comes to international relations , we really were more on the victim side . 
  not that it necessarily means that we 're somehow better people than germans or russians , this is just how international politics often works - the weak and small tend to suffer more . 
   with a very small destructions and population loss 360 000 people according to wiki . 
  hardly a small population loss . 
  nazis murderded almost our entire jewish population . 
  you 're right that it was a huge blow to the regions to suddenly lose that many people , but given the historic context i can see why it happened , i understand the reasoning . 
  no one could have known whether germany would become peaceful or not and whether having a german minority could be a threat again in the future . 
  that 's true . 
  jews tended to be on average more educated , they mostly belonged to the upper middle class in prague and this urban elite at that point largely spoke german . 
  for example franz kafka , who was jewish , born in prague , wrote in german , even though he could speak czech as well . 
  i 'm not a lawyer really , but i know that bene\u0161 decrees are sort of complicated sets of laws - basically they 're laws issued unilateraly by the president , without any sort of further approval of other legislature bodies and such are not even present in the current legislation of the czech republic , so i 'm not even sure how they could be reversed - who could possibly have that authority , who would vote on that and so on , it 's really a shady area . 
  not that there is even a will to undo this - as i said , the act of expulsion itself is not really considered unjustified here , the atrocities happening during the expulsion is what is largely being condemned . 
  as i said , german speaking people to large extent contributed to the destruction of czechoslovakia , since they overwhelmingly voted for the sudetengerman party which closely cooperated with hitler . 
  this party did not even try to hide that their aim was to join germany . 
  as a result , the expulsion was ( and is ) seen as a reasonable punishment for those who actively contributed to the occupation ( and indirectly to the death of cca 360 000 our people , including our jewish citizens ) , but it 's true that the punishment was in reality applied collectively , so even those who were against the nazis had to leave . 
  and also the reason for this decision was pragmatic as well - bene\u0161 at that point could not have known how would the post-war germany develop and given that he has seen how quickly germany went from defeat in ww1 to starting another war , he was afraid that having a large german minority could be an existential threat to us again in the future , so he decided to get rid of this threat once and for all . 
  obviously nowadays the threat is no longer there , but still trying to reverse the decrees would be like opening a pandora box . 
  you know , there are already people living in those areas which belonged to the germans , people who were born long after the war , who have nothing to do with the expulsion at all and who now call these places home , so it 's just unimaginable to tell them to go away , because their houses have to be returned to austrians or germans . 
  so i 'm afraid this really is n't seen as a gesture of good will here , the decrees for us are just a historic fact which no one really questions . 
  talking about the modern history , as far as i 'm concerned we did n't really do anything so horribly bad , we were more on the victim side . 
  the one exception would be the wild expulsion of german speaking people after ww2 . 
  some would say the act itself was justified , since majority of germans living czechoslovakia before ww2 worked pretty hard to break the country apart and basically acted like a 5th column for hitler , but the atrocities that happened during the deportations certainly can not be justified under any circumstances . 
  what i find really shameful is that some of the people commiting the worst atrocities were ironically nazi collaboraters during the war and because they feared a punishment for their actions , they went on killing german civilians to prove how anti-german they are . 
  these kinds of human garbage had obviously zero problems to once again turn the cloak when the communist perfomed the coup in 1948 , so they were largely left unpunished . 
  all glory to brits for winning the title of the most drunken tourists in prague !,
