  we learnt about it in elementary shool ( i guess around 7th or 8th grade , so at the age of 13-14 ) in the geography classes , but not just about eu , we learnt about other international organizations , like the un , wto , nato , oecd , world bank , imf and so on . 
  it was just the general stuff - very brief history , member countries ( and who is in eurozone/schengen and who is n't ) , what are the main institutions , where are they located , but we did n't really discuss what eu actually does , what are the advantages or disadvantages of the memberships and this kind of stuff in the elemantary school . 
  then we had it again in high school in both geography classes and the civics classes as well . 
  we went through the facts again , this time with more detailed information like when did each country join and when were the main treaties signed . 
  we went through the institutions again - just the very basic info like that the commission is the executive body and each country has one commissioner , that the parliament is directly voted by the citizens and is divided into sections based on the political ideology and that european council/council of eu are the head of states/the ministers of each country . 
  we had discussions about the advantages and disadvantages . 
  but to be honest at that point we did n't really have a clue what eu actually does , so all we could come up with was `` you can travel more easily and study/work in a different country '' . 
  we were kinda aware that we get some money from the eu , but no one had any clue how much or how exactly it is being used . 
  i remember that when i was finishing the elemantary school ( so i was around 14 ) the lisbon treaty was a hot topic and the teacher in the civics encouraged us to talk about it . 
  we all thought that we should sign it , although we had no idea whatsoever what was in the treaty :d we also discussed whether we should join euro in the high school and about 75 % of the class though we should . 
  but again , no one could come up with better arguments than `` it would be easier to travel without having to change the money '' . 
  this all was cca in 2006-2012 . 
  but it can really differ in each school , so other people from cz might have a completely different experience . 
  no , not really . 
  we got 100k ukrainians in the country , but not all of them are unskilled . 
  companies are actually lobbying the government to soften the working permit requirements for unskilled migrants from ukraine , because they claim they just ca n't find employees . 
  obviously getting workforce from ukraine is cheaper than paying more to czechs , but one ca n't deny that in some regions and in some professions the labor shortage is a real problem and even raising salaries would not help . 
  some companies actually go as far as saying that if the situation continues like this , they might fail to make all their deliveries in time . 
  oh come on , it 's not like the migrants do n't have their own preferences . 
  they know very well where they want to go and in the past years sweden attracted them with their immigration policy ( not criticizing you , just saying the obvious ) . 
  you ca n't properly control the movement of people in schengen , so of course the migrants just left italy when they got the chance . 
  what were the italians supposted to do , lock them up in prison to prevent them from leaving ? 
   also estonia is trying to now transition into a `` higher value-added workforce , '' meaning moving away from cheap labor . 
  good for you . 
  it will pay off in the long term . 
  our government is doing the opposite , trying to keep the unemployment low by keeping the labour cheap . 
  read the thread , there are plenty of reasons listed why czechs salaries are still so low . 
  i would just add that there is a big social stigma when it comes to uneployment . 
  it 's considered to be a big shame , almost a disgrace , specially if you 're a man and have a family that you ca n't provide for . 
  so people are more likely to suck it up even when they do n't like the salary they 're getting instead of taking a risk and ask for a raise or quit and find a better paid job . 
  partly true , on the other hand , european commission is the executive body . 
  they are proposing the legislation and then european parliament and european council ( or the council of eu ) vote on it . 
  so it 's not like european institutions have no authorities , the commission actually has quite a lot of power , since they 're the one creating the law . 
  yes , national governments representatives then have to agree on it , but they are not in charge of creating the eu law . 
  there are some though . 
  the ukrainians living in cz usually speak somewhat czech and their kids speak often so well that you can hardly distinguish them from the natives . 
  i know a middle aged couple which moved here a few years ago , a year ago they brought their 15 year old daughter as well and after a few months she spoke czech fluently , after a year , you can barely hear her accent . 
  also my roomate is a serbian who can speak czech very well . 
  it 's not such a mission impossible to learn it , if you 're a slavic speaker . 
  but for people from mena it would be extremely hard . 
  it would be like asking a czech to learn arabic . 
  i was not aware that the anti-gay views are so strong in romania and bulgaria . 
  do you know if young people share these views as well ? 
  because i have quite a lot friends among young slovaks and most of them are very liberal in these matters , which can not be said for the whole population . 
  this kinda gives me hope that the anti-gay views in eastern europe will eventually get weaker over time . 
  even in the czech society the older generations ( 50 + ) are more likely to be anti-gay than younger people . 
  so maybe in the future we will get adoption permissions for homosexuals . 
  i 'm still pretty optimistic , the anti-gay views are usually connected with religious beliefs and i think religion will become less and less important for young europeans in the future . 
  i also do n't think that other ee countries are turning in the opposite direction , it 's just that because of the migrant crisis , people tend to stick to their christian heritage more . 
  well , i would n't say all eastern europe is like this , for example my country has [ higher acceptance rate ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2013/06/04/global-acceptance-of-homosexuality/ ) of homosexuals than france , uk or italy . 
  but in general yeah , eastern european is still not very gay-friendly , i certainly hope it will get better since young people usually have more liberal views . 
  ok , sorry , i probably misunderstood your post then . 
  i thought you were connecting germany 's respect for women 's rights with the fact that they also have muslim communities and somehow implying that muslims have respect for women 's rights as well . 
  you are right that many eastern europeans who criticize muslims are ironically the ones who also care very little about lgbt rights . 
  yeah , but to look at the succesfully integrated muslim communities in europe and draw a conclusion that all muslims ( or even that a majority of muslims ) share western europeans views on gay marriage or gender equality is like meeting a few young university educated cosmopolitan eastern europeans and draw a conclusion that all eastern europeans are open-minded super tolerant people . 
  neither is true obviously . 
  recently there has been a poll showing that half of the british muslims think homosexuality should be banned . 
  not just that same-sex marriages or unions should not be allowed , but that homosexuality should be banned altogether . 
  i 'm not sure how german muslims feel about this , but i would n't be surprised if the results of such poll were similar . 
  germany being a good place for a woman has nothing to do with the fact that there are muslim communities in there . 
  or at least i have n't noticed that muslims in the west are advocating women 's rights . 
  on the contrary i 'm pretty sure that muslims are the part of western societies which still holds pretty traditional views on women . 
  i also think that if these rules were really enforced it could discourage others . 
  overall it seems like a really good plan , certainly way better than the initial sweden 's or germany 's `` welcome to all '' solution . 
  i think v4 countries would even be willing to back the quota system if there was some reasonable limit ( like there is now in the turkey deal ) . 
  some three thousands of refugees are not a huge problem , signing a blank cheque is . 
  uhm , if these people are refusing to get registered in italy , imagine how they 're going to react once some eu official tells them that they have to go to the czech republic . 
  or latvia . 
  or bulgaria . 
  or basically any other country that is n't in the western europe . 
  yeah , i do n't think so . 
  they would first need to have the interest to learn hungarian/czech/polish / slovak . 
  and why would they do that , if they can learn french/dutch/german / swedish or whichever western european language and move there ? 
  mena migrants have zero interest in coming to cee countries . 
  from the very little refugees we got so far , most of them left to germany . 
  and i 'm also not sure that there would be many white girls wanting to move to the middle east to teach languages . 
  as a white girl myself , middle east would probably be the last place i would like to move to . 
  it does n't look like a very friendly enviroment for single white girls . 
  but i guess others might feel differently . 
  that 's what i was thinking . 
  but are n't there only very little real refugees in italy anyway ? 
  majority of the migrants coming to italy are africans and they do n't have the right for asylum ( except maybe for eritreans ) . 
  nope , that was lithuania as far as i 'm concerned . 
  it was a cool story though . 
  or maybe they mean that the redistribution will be for refugees only , not for all migrants . 
  so probably only for syrians , given that iraqis and afghans are getting send back already under the turkey deal . 
  but i do n't see how that would affect italy , since most of the people coming to italy are africans anyway , not syrians . 
  `` relatively few '' is an overstatement . 
  i 'm pretty sure the actual number of mena migrants speaking hungarian , czech , polish or slovak is zero . 
  finally there is some advantage of having a rather obscure language that no one but us ( and the slovaks ) can understand !, 
  well keeping the migrants out of eu was always the policy of v4 , so it 's not very surprising that they agree to steps which would help achieving this . 
  i 'm a bit confused though - if economical migrants are to be sent back under this plan and only those with language skills are to be allowed in , then what is the redistribution scheme for the migrants for ? 
  who would get relocated under the scheme ? 
  eu gave money to turkey , because turkey at that point was the only country which could significantly decrease the flow of migrants . 
  there is no way you can protect sea borders properly , even if eu sent huge amounts of money to greece to boost their coast guards , it would not make a difference , because once the refugees are in the greek waters , they can apply for asylum and if turkey does n't take them back , there is no way to return them . 
  if eu gave money to greece and failed to reach a deal with turkey , the flow of migrants would not stop . 
  greece would probably continue with their policy of letting everyone go further without a proper control until the land borders got closed . 
  after that the migrants would starting to get stuck in greece pretty much like they have been now with the difference that the flow would not get weaker and no deportations would be possible . 
  eventually it might discourage the migrants from coming but that would probably take weeks or months . 
  in the meantime , greece would get super pissed .
