  it 's pure bully tactics , since they themselves do n't know whether what they 're doing complies with the eu legislation . 
   sure it can be seen as `` unfair '' to some that we 're still richer but who the hell would willingly give away more ? 
  i 'm not saying that you should give more to us . 
  i 'm just saying that the money you give to us are not charity donations . 
  the money that flows out of our economy back to the mother companies in the western europe are immensely more than what we get in the form of eu funds . 
  does that mean that those money would n't be flowing out of our economy if it was n't for the eu funds ? 
  no , of course not , that would still be happening . 
  at the same time , you really can not say that cee is giving you nothing back . 
  your companies profit massively on our markets . 
  all we ask for is that this is acknowledged - that the way things are set up is mutually beneficial for both sides . 
  we do not get charity from the western europe . 
  there is nothing like charity in international relations , except for perhaps cases of natural disasters . 
   even though that 's disproven by looking at growth rates i already said that the growth rates are misleading due to a different starting base and that the growth is very limited due to our economic model . 
  you apparently chose to totally ignore this point . 
   not only does this completely lack any gratitude it lacks gratitude , because we were n't aware that gratitude is part of the deal . 
  we though we were getting into a mutually beneficial agreement . 
  we 're not asking you for more money . 
  we 're simply asking you to stop using the funds as a tool of political blackmail . 
  edit to your edit : i already said that i do n't agree with what polish and hungarian governments are doing . 
  but as i said in another post in this thread - if the western europe was n't so confident that they can bully us around in regards of the refugee crisis , then maybe we would n't be seeing the problems we nowadays see in poland . 
  i get that when it comes to workers who work in france on long-term bases , but you also fine drivers which are only using france as a transfer country . 
  demanding that someone complies with french labour laws , when that person is merely delivering goods through your country seems unreasonable to me . 
   or it has been all along been the case and you just realize it . 
  yes , it was always like this . 
  and you 're right that i did n't realize this back then when we were joining the eu , but that 's because i was a kid when that was happening . 
  i only started to realize that this is what the reality is in the past few years . 
  the worst part is that everyone got so used to this , that nowadays it 's basically the norm in the western political discourse and to some extent in cee political discourse as well . 
  i see many people in my country saying basically stuff like `` well if do n't accept the quota system , then we ca n't be surprised that the eu will cut the funds . 
  it 's only logical that they do that '' . 
  in the western europe it 's obviously even worse . 
  i mean , even voices which are against cutting the funds are never using the argument that eu funds are part of the cohesion policy and so they should n't be tied to other policies . 
  instead they say stuff like `` well , i understand that it 's difficult to deal with those eastern europeans , but we do n't vote to provoke too much anti-eu sentiment there and we do n't want to look like we 're bullying them , we just should give them more time to grow out of the backwardness '' or some similar bullshit . 
  ok , so then why is macron talking about social dumping so much ? 
  allright , i 'm not going to pretend like i 'm familiar with the french public discourse more than french people  but i ca n't not notice that macron has been talking a lot about polish temporary workers in france and about cee truck drivers driving through france underming french truck companies and so on . 
  over here , france is seen as one of the most protectionist countries in the eu , since they try to fine our drivers who only drive through france on their way to the uk for not receiving french minimal salary ( which is something not even germany is doing , since the commission has not made it clear yet what is the correct way to deal with this issue and whether it 's legal to fine truck drivers for this ) . 
   now to be fair , refugees cost money and part of the eu is that we share the financial burdens , so in a way it makes sense . 
  they 're not asking for more money from us . 
  they 're asking us to accept a plan that is unacceptable for our voters and that does n't even work , because none of the refugees want to stay in cee countries . 
  both poland and the czech republic accepted refugees directly from the middle easte and the majority of them left to germany very quickly . 
  baltic countries are accepting refugees through the eu relocation programme , they 're leaving to germany as well . 
  if they asked us for a reasonable financial compensation , i would be ok with that . 
  but they 're not asking for that , they 're asking us to agree to something which is hugely politically unpopular in our countries and what does n't even work in reality and does n't address the roots of the issue at all . 
  all of the cries over the current polish government might have been spared , if only the eu was n't pushing so hard for the quota system . 
  the previous polish agreement agreed to it and lost the election and now we have pis in poland . 
  i 'm not saying that it is the sole reason why pis won the elections in poland , but it contributed to it . 
  without it , at the very least pis would n't have such a strong majority . 
   edit2 : after looking some more i found recent news about that the sanction procedures have been opened : http://www.euractiv.com/section/justice-home-affairs/news/eu-opens-sanctions-procedure-against-hungary-poland-and-czech-republic-over-refugees/ yes , those are the infringement procedures and they can end with fines . 
  but additionaly to that , some western politicians are also threatening us with cutting the eu funds for us , which are n't in any way tied to refugee policy at all . 
  for example schulz has been saying this repeatedly . 
  i said it in a reply to someone else , french voters might not care about v4 internal politics but they do care about cee workers in their countries . 
  thus i suspect some cee bashing the very least wo n't hurt macron at all . 
  the working class will like it because ` they take our jobs and drive our wages down ' and the urban elite will like it because ` those damn xenophobic racist eastern europeans ' . 
  agreeing with refugees quotas really is n't some essential eu value . 
  if you 're gon na threaten us with cuts of funds every time we disagree with some policy that you push for , then there 's really no point in having cohesion policy . 
  you might as well say it openly that for the funding you expect that we follow what you say . 
  look , i do n't expect the western europe to do more . 
  it would be absolutely naive to think that we will make convergence their top priority . 
  i would be fine if you just stopped threaten to cut all our eu funding over a disagreement about an unrelated policy . 
  that 's really all i 'm asking . 
  that you do n't act as if the eu funds give you some right to boss us around . 
  as for your proposal to not tax companies - i can not imagine how we would explain our citizens that we will tax their income , but the large corporations , mostly foreign-owned will be tax-free . 
  well what did you think it was ? 
  a bribe that was supposed to make sure that cee does whatever you say it should do ? 
  or a gift that will make sure that we 're grateful to you for eternity ? 
  the fund 's goal is to bring eu regions on a similar level , because the way the single market works , the more economically competitive areas have an advantage over those less economically competitive areas . 
  when we joined , the cohesion policy was already in place and convergence was a self-declared goal of the eu . 
  so excuse me for thinking that this goal was not conditioned on an agreement on other unrelated policies , like the refugee policies . 
  maybe they 're not aware of poland 's politics , but they are aware of polish workers in france working for lower wages , so i 'm sure some poland-bashing wo n't hurt macron at home . 
  poland and other cee countries have been growing from much smaller base so of course the growth rates look more impressive . 
  you 're right though that some catching up has been happening . 
  poland and other cee have been kept in imposed isolation before 89 and so the post-89 model that got us on european markets and was driven by cheap labour and foreign investments brought some quick benefits . 
  in the long term though this model has its limitation and simply does n't have a chance to bring us to the we level . 
  if you want to see that in practice , just look at the most developed country in cee in terms of gdp ppp per capita - the czech republic . 
  we 're currenly hitting the limits of the model . 
  we have full employment , exports go great , the economy overall is doing fine , yet we reach 2-3 % growth . 
  this simply is n't enough to close the gap , even though currently we 're basically at our highest potentional . 
  other cee countries will soon hit the limits as well . 
  in theory the eu funds should help us with transforming our economic model by investing more into education , research and development , however as we can see from the real life on the example of the southern europe , not even the eu funds guarantee that this will happen . 
   may i remind you the state of most of the region when it was under communist influence ? 
  they were no market to dominate , the east was immensely lagging behind and it is still lagging behind . 
  you do n't have to remind me that in the 90s , the cee markets were in an uncompetitive stage and that this gap has n't been fully closed until today . 
  i 'm perfectly aware of that and i was n't denying any of that . 
   and anyway , i think that without the eu and its funds , your markets would 've grow more slowly , and the west would 've dominated them anyway . 
  i do n't think any individual country in the east would 've been powerful / in a good enough shape to be more competitive than germany , the uk or france . 
  i completely agree with that . 
  i was n't saying that without joining the eu and without the eu funds , we would be in a better situation . 
  the eu single market is a mutually beneficial agreement . 
  when cee joined , everyone profited from it , both the old and the new member states . 
  the old member states got an unrestricted access to markets which at that point were uncompetitive in all the important high-added value sectors of the economy . 
  cee on the other hand got to use their comparative advantage , which was basically the cheap labour and was able to boost their economic growth by foreign investment . 
  only in the long term , this arrangement does n't create convergence . 
  the free trade itself is n't helping poorer regions catching up with western regions . 
  instead it helps everyone to profit , only the economically more developed areas profit more than the less developed areas because they control the sectors of the economy that bring the most added-value . 
  this is why cohesion policy exists within the eu - it 's supposed to help close the gap and bring the regions on a similar level . 
  and the eu funds are the tool of the cohesion policy . 
  my entire point is that eu funds are not a gift , they 're not some donation that we are supposed to be grateful for . 
  they 're simply a tool of a policy that everyone in the eu agreed was a common goal . 
  or so we thought . 
  that 's why we are frustrated to hear that the funds are suddenly used as a tool of political pressure . 
  they were not supposed to be conditioned on agreement with policies unrelated to the funds .
