  we in the czech republic really have no right to moan about our immigrants . 
  true . 
  i must say we dotched a bullet in this particular situation . 
  we now have the possibility to learn from your mistakes . 
   about the back-up plan im not sure what to do since eu countries sick of our uneducated immigrants . 
  because of their bad reputation everyone starting to think we are all same . 
  honestly , screw what others think . 
  if you 're not like the conservative turks living in we , you can make it work in europe . 
  if you 're really afraid of facing prejudices though , then perhaps aim for countries like canada , the us or australia . 
  however their immigration systems are pretty strict . 
   i dont know man it just soo depressing seing all this . 
  i know and i do n't even have any ties to turkey . 
  i 've never been there , have no turkish relatives or friends , but this whole situation still makes me feel sick . 
  i ca n't imagine how it must feel for you guys . 
  i 'm really sorry . 
  i 'm so sorry : / all i can say - study something that is in demand in countries where you 'd like to immigrate in the future . 
  getting out gets much easier when you have an in-demand degree . 
  yeah , you never have enough of those  but jokes asides , i really would have zero problems if more secular , liberal-minded turks wanted to come here . 
  however i 'm definitely glad that we did n't import those kind of turks that some we countries imported . 
  when i look at the turks in germany or netherlands , i 'm just really thankful for our vietnamese immigrants . 
  yeah , in total it 's really not a lot of people . 
  we do n't have the most fresh numbers , the last official data are from 2015 and back then it was just under 1700 . 
  i have no idea how many it 's now , but i would assume it 's definitely below 2000 . 
  he did n't turn against the quotas , he was never in favour of them in the first place . 
  he was literaly the one voting against them in that council voting . 
  perhaps there 's still hope that the results will be recounted . 
  if not , you 'd better have a back-up plan on how to leave the country , in case erdogan goes full crazy . 
  i 'm really sorry how this whole thing turned out : /, 
  it 's 13:87 in favour of no in the czech republic , so at least our tiny turkish minority is normal i guess . 
  the numbers of some we countries are frankly speaking really sad . 
  i ca n't even imagine how secular turks living in turkey must be feeling now . 
  if it was me , i would be probably trying to figure out a plan how to get out of the country . 
  erm , okay , but you know how i meant it . 
  she comes from the czech republic , so i 'm just glad that someone from my country is doing a good job at the eu level . 
  plus i 'm pretty sure that while commissioners technically do not represent their own mss , they still have ties to their countries , so unofficially they probably do have some biases . 
  that 's why all member countries always try to get the most lucrative portofolios for their commissioners . 
  yay , i 'm really proud of our commissioner , i always really liked her and this whole episode makes me like her even more . 
  i hope she does n't stop trying to make volkswagen treat their european customers the same as their american customers . 
  the same goes for the dannish commissioner margrethe vestager and her effort to make apple pay fair taxes . 
  it 's good to know that not all eu officials will let themselves be lobbied by big corporations . 
  people in the western europe , do not just lump together balkan , they do it with all formerly communist countries , which are universally called `` eastern europe '' even though they have different levels of development and wealth and also different cultural background . 
  for example countries like moldova and slovenia are put in the same basket . 
  or estonia and albania . 
  the czech republic and kosovo . 
  plenty of people do n't care and consider all these countries as the same category . 
  it 's not all that different from lumping together the entire africa . 
  perhaps he thought that the question `` why would they ? '', 
  is stupid , i do n't really see it as stupid though . 
  personally as someone who is from a country that does n't have euro , but meets the criteria ( except for being in erm , but that criterion depends on the political will ) , i do n't really see any strong reasons why we need to have euro right now . 
  sweden does n't have it for decades and they 're doing fine . 
  yes . 
  not voluntarily though of course . 
  i think it would be actually better if he got romania wrong as well , because that way it could have been excused as a quick mental breakdown . 
  you know , it would have just seemed that he stopped thinking for a second . 
  but since he made the extra effort to single out romania , it 's clear that he actually was thinking about this whole issue and he still got it wrong . 
   which leaves croatia , poland , bulgaria , czech republic , hungary , romania and sweden . 
  all of them ( apart from sweden ) are eastern european states which were were all part of the soviet union ( except romania which was nevertheless communist for decades ) . 
  the author of the article must be a total idiot . 
  none of the countries mentioned were a part of the soviet union . 
  good for you , i see no problem if ireland stands up firmly for its own interests . 
   so , in my opinion , the uk will take a hard border cos they could n't give a fuck about ni , cos it 's not on the mainland ... and the dup will refuse to capitulate to the irish , in any shape or form !, 
  if ireland blocks the entire brexit deal because of this , the uk will be forced to address this . 
  hopefully you will manage to find some solution . 
  thank you for the answer . 
  i also do n't really understand what is the uk position in this . 
  i always assumed that it 's not that the uk wants a hard border with ireland , afterall it would also have bad consequences for them , not just for ireland . 
  so i thought that it 's more so an unwanted result of the uk government going for a hard brexit . 
  i also assumed that it would n't be that difficult to secure a special deal between ireland and the uk about a border-free zone , but the op seems to suggest that the uk actually wants the hard border ? 
  or is that they just do n't care enough about the issue and do n't bother negotiating about it ? 
  do you think that if hard border became a reality between the uk and ireland that it might actually lead to violence ? 
  honest question , i 'm unfortunately very uneducated about the whole ni issue . 
  it would be relatively easy to find a manual job that does n't require lots of communication with customers/collegues , but they would have to be stupid to move here for this kind of job , because the pay is just absolutely shitty . 
  it 's seriously not worth moving here for this kind of position when there are other eu countries available where the salaries are better . 
  apart from manual jobs , it 's also possible to find a job in foreign-speaking customer service , but for that you 'd need at least the combination of english + another eu language . 
  the salaries are a bit better , but also nothing extra . 
  overall , unskilled eu citizens do not have any strong incentives to move to the czech republic , that 's why our employers more so look in ukraine and other non-eu countries when hiring foreigners . 
  if it was a total war on both sides , with everyone giving all possible resources into it and without any restraints caused by public opinion , then i can imagine the us initially gaining the upper hand , but they would simply never be able to hold what they would gain in the initial phase . 
  trying to occupy the entire europe and keep order in place would be just absolutely impossible . 
   nothing is ever good enough to just finally stop with the self-hating crap , and after being mired in it for 30 years , i 'm really starting to get sick of it . 
  just ignore it , that 's what i do most of the times . 
  you 're not gon na get anywhere by arguing with these constantly negative people over whether something is or is n't shit . 
  they are not only convinced that everything is shit , but also basically hold everyone who does n't think so in contempt . 
  the funny thing is that when you ask these people what they personally do to improve the czech republic as opposed to those other people who dared to express some positive sentiment about the czech republic , you usually find out that they do n't do anything for the public good , they 're not active in any ngos , or other public communities , they do n't bother to be in any way politically active apart from voting once in 4 years , they merely do things for their own benefit , i.e. 
  go to work , receive a salary , but for some reason , they think that because they pay taxes , this means that they already contribute enough to the improvement of the country . 
  and some do n't even do that . 
  i once had this discussion with a czech expat living in the western europe , who was like `` i want the czech republic to prosper , but it 's not gon na prosper because czech people are all so ok with being average and they have no ambitions to improve the country . 
  it 's too bad , because i was thinking about retiring in the czech republic , but i 'll probably not be able to do that , because it wo n't be a nice place to live . '', 
  and when i asked him what his contribution to the czech republic is he was like `` well i work hard in my job and so i spread a good reputation about czech people abroad '' . 
  i mean , seriously , dude ?!, 
  you do n't even live here , you do n't even pay taxes , you just got your education here for free and then left to make money in the west and you have the nerves to criticize other czech people for not trying hard enough to improve the country , while your personal contribution is that you go to your job and do n't act like dick there ? 
  yeah , those damn czech people not working hard enough so you have a nice place to retire after you 've spend you entire productive life somewhere else / s. 
  whatever dude , i 'm not going to argue with you about this . 
  i mean , i have admitted that our country is not perfect , there is definitely room for improvement and i said that we could definitely learn some stuff from western european countries . 
  it 's not my problem that you see other people being happy in their lives and optimistic about the future as some symptom of how the majority of us have no aspirations and do n't want to work hard . 
  did i say that we should ignore everything the eu or we says or what ? 
  no , i did n't , i just said that we have the right to complain as much as any other country , eu funds are not something that would determine whether we 're entitled to criticism or not . 
  and i do n't agree that we do n't have an example of successful development , in fact , our post-89 development was fairly succesful and i 'm quite happy with the the current state of affairs in terms of economic opportunities that my country offers me . 
  of course it 's not perfect but in general we have a quite nice , safe country with reasonable standards of living , functioning public services , low unemployment and the population is fairly liberal with a live and let live attitude . 
  i get that you like to hate on the czech republic , but do n't expect that everyone will share your negativity . 
  at the same time , you 're right that western european countries are also mostly successful and i 'm happy for them and i agree that we can learn from them in many things .
