  turkey is n't responsible for keeping asylum seekers out of europe . 
  they might conclude that it 's better to be on good terms with the eu and so they might continue doing this , however we should realize that it 's not something they have a duty to do . 
  however what i 'm actually a bit more worried is some of these scenarios : * erdogan will eventually cripple turkish economy . 
  his electorate will get angry , so he will try to start some shit abroad to divert the attention from the bad economy . 
  it 's specially worrying since this `` abroad '' might be cyprus or greek islands . 
  not saying it 's likely , but you ca n't really rule it out . 
  * the polarization of the turkish society will continue growing and eventually we 'll see egypt-like scenario in turkey . 
  this would bring a huge instability to the region and without doubt it would also affect europe . 
  it had to go through both the council and the parliament . 
  only in the council the voting took place back in june 2016 . 
  poland , the czech republic and luxembourg were against ( but luxembourg was against because they did n't find the directive strict enough ) . 
  no , that 's not how it works . 
  it went through the council through the qualitative majority . 
  we voted against it , but were outvoted . 
  you mean like a land in today 's germany ? 
  then no , because we never really were in a tight union with what is today germany . 
  hre was a very loose kind of `` federation '' that was absolutely beyond its peak in the 18th century and disbanded at the very beginning of 19th century . 
  however it is possible that without the czech national revival , we would have sort of melted within the habsburg empire . 
  the czech language would still continue be spoken among the lower class , but it would also continue losing its relevance and eventually it 's possible it would have simply died completely . 
  or it would remain isolated among very small groups of people in the countryside . 
  the policy of habsburgs was obviously to push for german - the czech language was only allowed in the elementary schools , high schools and universities were already teaching in german , so without active resistence towards this policy , it is possible that we would lose our language . 
  and without the language , it 's very hard to retain some sort of national identity . 
  it 's not impossible , but it 's very difficult . 
  there is a [ thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/3b6i6a/why_was_bohemia_not_germanised_over_the_course_of/ ) on r/askhistorians about how the czech lands kept their unique identity during the hre period . 
  as for the later periods - at the end of 18th centure and in the first half of 19th century , we went through a stage that is called the national revival . 
  it collided with the forming of nation states elsewhere in europe and also with the spreading of enlightement principles . 
  basically a group of czech intellectuals took the czech language , which was at that point mostly spoken among the low educated poor people , while german was used in the `` high sphere and among the authorities , and they codified it into a coherent form with firm grammar rules and all this . 
  in other words , they created the official , formal version of czech . 
  after that they started to heavily support czech culture - literature , journalism , theatre , everything that included the use of czech language . 
  they managed to turn this into a mass thing , not just something that was kept between a small group of elites . 
  their efforst are one of the main things that kept the czech culture and language ( which were both in decline since the lost battle on the white mountain in 1620 ) alive . 
  it is very well possible that without these efforts , the czech republic as we know it today would not have existed . 
   what exactly is fat shaming ? 
  like calling someone out and give them crap about how fat they are ? 
  if that 's it , then probably never , unless the two people have some beef . 
  and unless they 're like 8-16 . 
  kids can be cruel . 
  at least in my school we were pretty dickish towards fat children . 
  honestly i do n't really care about it that much anymore . 
  but i absolutely recognize that other people do and i understand them why . 
  you 're right that culturally we 're as central european as it gets . 
  i 'd say we 're especially similar to austrians , not so much to germans in general because germans themselves are a quite diverse group , but definitely quite close to those that we border . 
  however at the same time i recognize that the whole 1948-89 period left its mark here and as a result we have some specific characteristics that western european countries do n't have . 
  that 's just undeniable . 
  it 's just that it 's not those characteristic that are so often connected with easten europe . 
  we are in some ways different . 
  but we are not a poverty and crime ridden backwards shithole . 
  i was n't arguing that . 
  when i said in the first post that you would n't use it against other ethnicities/nationalities/religious , i meant mostly other european nationalities and other races and religions in general . 
  it is my impression that in we it 's nowadays not acceptable to publicly generalize against black people or against muslim people . 
  i agree that ` north african gangs ' is indeed used . 
  never noticed ` central asian gangs ' , but i 'll trust you on that . 
  however , the whole point of this was n't supposed to be that we 're the most oppressed group ever . 
  the point is that people do n't like being labeled as ` eastern european ' because it carries negative associations which are still being reinforced due to these generalizations . 
   now that 's just outright wrong , we generalize everything all the time . 
  you really are n't treated special in any way . 
  it 's always `` americans are always like this '' and `` that 's how muslims are '' and `` asians are so weird '' and `` those schwarzafrikaner '' . 
  perhaps in the everyday conversations of ordinary people , but in the media discourse , it 's different . 
  i really did not notice that it is normal in the mainstream western media ( not counting tabloids ) to use terms like `` muslim gangs '' or `` black african thieves '' . 
  that 's just not used . 
  whereas `` eastern european gangs '' is rather common . 
   it 's literally only rich european countries where we do n't generalize . 
  yeah and that was one of my points . 
  that you would n't use this kind of treatment against french , swedes or spaniards . 
  which means there are definitely some double standars in europe . 
   also , props for using the term western europe in the exact same way you do n't want the term eastern europe to be used what do you mean ? 
  how else was i supposed to say this , the practice of generalizing eastern europe is done in the western europe . 
  i get that some level of generalizations is quite normal and it 's not like we never generalize other people over here , but there is a difference between a group of people having an informal conversation about foreigners and a situation when it 's just widely accepted to use a negative generalization in the public discourse . 
  because ` eastern european ' carries negative associations in many people 's minds in europe . 
  we may not like it , but that 's just how it is . 
  eastern europe was a term used during the cw for countries under the iron curtain , so what many people think when you say ` eastern europe ' is some god-forgotten poor backwards shithole full of commie-style gray blocs of buildings . 
  it does n't help that in we it 's still completely normal to generalize about ` eastern europe ' in a way that they would n't do about other ethnicities/nationalities/religions . 
  even the liberal/progressive media in the west do this . 
  you have a group of lithuanians breaking in a couple of apartments in sweden ? 
  a gang of eastern european thieves . 
  some roma people from bulgaria or romania doing organized begging in paris ? 
  eastern european beggars . 
  a couple of albanians picpocketing people in germany ? 
  eastern european criminals . 
  the media probably do n't like naming a concrete nationality , so they use this wide ` eastern european ' label , but as a result they 're generalizing a half of the continent . 
  i can guarantee you that if a french person did a crime in the netherlands , nobody would be saying that it was done by a ` western european ' . 
  so then you ca n't really wonder that some people are not really keen on being associated with eastern europe . 
  oh , i did n't know that . 
  what 's the difference between those two cs programmes ? 
  no problem . 
  just to make your life a bit easier - this is the faculty 's website in english , so that you do n't have to search for it - https://fit.cvut.cz/en, 
  hey , i think it 's going to be problematic to find proper answers here , because mostly people only know about universities in their own country , but we ca n't really compare them with universities in other countries and say which one is the best . 
  for example i can only give you info about czech unis - there are two that i know which offer bachelor computer science programs in english . 
  both are in prague . 
  the first is at charles university , which is the most prestigious university in the czech republic , however their computer science classes are under the math and physics faculty . 
  this means that they put a very strong emphasis on the mathematical side of cs , so if you were n't very good at maths at school , it 's likely that you would struggle here . 
  the same goes for example for economics at charles uni . 
  my highschool classmate , who was in the top of our class in maths went to study economics at charles university and had real issues to pass all the mathematical exams . 
  the cost of the whole academic semester is around 5100 euro . 
  the second option is cvut , which is slightly more affordable , the cost of the academic year is cca 4800 euro . 
  from what i 've heard cs at cvut is more practically oriented compared to maths-oriented approach of the charles university . 
  still , even cvut is n't an easy school to finish . 
  you can get in relatively easily , but then they weed out the students who ca n't keep up in the first year of studies . 
  also some general info - once you start to study at a czech uni , you also get a full work permit . 
  this work permit is tied to your student status , so if you quit the studies or get kicked out , you lose the work permit as well .
