  when instead maybe it would be better to meet somewhere in the middle . 
  perhaps it 's not the ideal solution that everyone in europe adopts germany 's and sweden 's attitude towards refugees . 
  perhaps there is something in the ee 's attitude that we might adopt . 
  i 'm not saying that the way ee has been handling this issue was 100 % correct . 
  but i also do n't think we 's actions have been much better . 
  i 'm not talking about the general german public now , who i believe genuinely had the best intentions , i 'm talking about how you political representatives handled it . 
  either way , i do n't believe that ee needs any more moralizing lectures from we . 
  it 's not effective ( actually it 's more counter-productive ) , we need to be able to grow as a society on our own . 
  i agree that there are so many problems here , so many shortcomings that we have to fix , but in this refugee crisis we have to find our own way , instead of copying the west as usual . 
  the west is n't perfect in their integration of foreigners . 
  when i look at france , sweden or belgium and their mena communities , when i look at netherlands and germany and their turkish communities that overwhelmingly vote for erdogan , this is n't an example that i want to follow . 
  we need our own migration policy that will be humane and fair but at the same time not naive and driven by wishful thinking . 
  well given what russians did to the people in baltic countries , i ca n't blame them . 
  very friendly is an overstatement . 
  among the public 26 % see russia positively , 35 % neutraly and 37 % negatively according to the last surveys . 
  our government holds the mainstream eu position on russia . 
  we do have a pro-russian president , that 's true . 
  he was n't elected because of his pro-russian views though . 
  overall , you 're right that we do n't think of russia as negatively as the baltic countries or poland , we 're also not very friendly towards them though . 
  yes , however turkey , jordan and lebanon all get funding from unhcr whose main donors are western countries . 
  turkey has a separate deal with europe that grants it additional funds . 
  turkey also technically does n't recognize syrian refugees as refugees , because turkey only signed the refugee convention in relation to european countries , which means only europeans can get a refugee status in turkey , not syrians . 
  as a result , syrians in turkey do n't have a right to such material support as in europe , turkey is not obliged to provide them with social support , education , health care and so on . 
  thus they 're not such a big burden on turkey . 
  in jordan and libanon , basically everything is covered by international organizations . 
  the same goes for other arab countries , which take syrians , but do n't grant them a refugee status and instead keep them as a cheap labour . 
  also due to cultural and religious similarities ( the majority of syrian refugees are sunni muslims ) , their presence cause less social tensions in other sunni majority countries than it is the case in european countries . 
  but i have said that i would send back home only those who do not have the right to asylum . 
  legitimate asylum seekers can not be send back due to the international treaties that we signed . 
  however it 's worth pointing it out that nobody who reaches europe is directly escaping a warzone - they 're crossing countries on their way where there is no war , so their motivation to get to europe is never just safety . 
  it 's always safety + better living conditions . 
   and i mean , what are you doing entering into a mutual decision mechanism if you 'll only go along with the some of the decisions ? 
  this is a special situation . 
  it 's basically our only rebelious moment against the eu ever . 
  up until now , we eventually complied with everything the eu wanted from us . 
  our entire foreign policy in the 90s and early 00s was about meeting nato and eu requirements , everything was centered around making the west satisfied with us , so that we could join the eu and nato . 
  when we joined , my country never tried to boycott any eu decision , we kept our budgets in check , never had to ask for any bail out , never really caused any significant trouble . 
  the refugee crisis is the only situation where we really clash with the eu . 
  and i already explained why it 's such a sensitive issue over here . 
  i understand that there are populists everywhere , but over here , refusing to take the migrants is not some far-right extremist position , it 's completely mainstream . 
   what exactly would you have happen to these migrants ? 
  those who do n't have right to asylum should be send back home . 
  if that 's not for some reason possible , they should be kept in detention in the border countries , to send a clear message that illegal economic migrants will not get a one-way ticket to germany or sweden . 
  eventually i think many would voluntarily opt-out for leaving . 
  those who have a right to asylum should be send to whichever countries agree to take them . 
  which is already what is very slowly happening now under the quota system . 
  countries that are willing to take the migrants are taking them and those that are n't are not taking them . 
  as i said , if the quota system was n't pushed through against our will , greece and italy might have gotten our money instead . 
   maybe europe ( east and west ) simply is too selfish and nervous ( and racist ) to come to any sort of solution that can work . 
  countries in general act in a rather self-serving manner . 
  there 's very little pure altruism in international relations . 
  this is not just a west or east thing , all countries act like that . 
  i agree though that so far , the eu has been unable to find a solution that could both work and at the same time would be acceptable to all member states . 
   regardless , i 'm glad things are improving for you and that everything 's much better than in the 90s . 
  for russia it 's worse , but we are responsible for it ourselves . 
  i also hope that things will improve in russia . 
  as i said , i wish we could have a constructive relationship . 
  i understand that the transformation period in the 1990s was terribly difficult for russia , much more difficult than for us and i 'm sorry it did n't work out the way you hoped it would . 
  i saw you edit and i think i undertand the point your making - that it 's difficult to find a decision that all countries will agree and that we need to be able to agree to a decision even when some states are opposing it . 
  in general i agree with you , but in this kind of situation , you need to look at the pros and cons . 
  what kind of benefits will it bring if you vote through the quotas against us ? 
  * will you actually be able to force us taking the migrants ? 
  * will you be able to fine us if we do n't take them ? 
  perhaps , but not until a long and bitter battle in the council and then later in the court . 
  * will any of this help the migrants in the short term ? 
  no , because we 'll refuse to take them . 
  * will any of this help greece or italy in the short term ? 
  no , because we 'll refuse to send them any additional money until we 're absolutely forced to . 
  in other words , you might be getting a common eu solution , but for what kind of price ? 
  you 're not actually gon na benefit from forcing quotas on us , you 're only gon na boost anti-eu sentiments over here . 
   you mean saved them from the nazis ? 
  i think it 's very clear that he 's talking about the 1968 invasion here . 
  i do n't know if they teach people about this in russia , i remember reading news about the russian state-controlled tv making a documentary how the 1968 invasion was actually meant to save us from nato coup , but obviously , that was n't true at all . 
  you came here with tanks , caused the deaths of over 100 civilians , then you dragged our then-leaders from the reform wing of the communist party to moscow , you forced them to take back the reforms and then you installed a new regime which started the era of `` normalization '' which is a euphemism for `` back to the shitty old ways '' . 
  heavy persecutions against dissenting voices started again , cenzorship returned , any plans for economic reforms were cancelled and all of our foreign policy was led from moscow . 
  also , your occupying forces did n't bother to leave until 1990s . 
  yeah , well that 's true , but if you actually want all countries to cooperate fully , then you have to come up with a solution that is acceptable to everyone . 
  if you push through a solution that some countries clearly do n't agree to , then you ca n't be surprised when those countries are not exactly working their ass off on implementing the solution . 
   there are over 500 million people in europe , if we took in 5 million , no single town or city would need to enlarge more than 1 % , if organized properly . 
  you know that this is not how it works . 
  people are not pieces of furniture that you put somewhere and they stay there . 
  they move around . 
  mostly to places where they already have their own communities . 
  or to places where the rent is cheap , because they likely wo n't have much money . 
  they go to big cities , rather then small towns , because that 's where there are more potential jobs . 
  my point is that the immigrants tend to concentrate in certain places , you ca n't spread them equally everywhere in the continent . 
  so then if you accept too many people at a short amount of time , eventually you get immigrant ghetto neighbourhoods . 
  it does n't even have to be that the refugees/migrants themselves do n't want to integrate . 
  they even may have the intention but they simply fail , because the cost of housing eventually drives them to the poor neighbourhoods , where there already are strong immigrant communities , so they are not in touch with the majority society enough to learn the language quickly . 
  obviously cultural differences also make it difficult for them to integrate . 
  some societies are more individualistic , some are more family-oriented . 
  some are more warm and open , some are more introverted . 
  some already reached a high level of social liberalism , while others are still very conservative . 
  when you place a large amount of people of a certain culture into a different culture that holds very different views , assimilation does n't just automatically happen . 
  specially when the newcomers do n't have the necessary skillset ( language , education ) to find a job . 
   even if we do n't always like the method , and even if sometimes the solution is n't a good one , overall , trying to make an effort at collective troublesolving works out better than not . 
  sorry , but this is just nonsense . 
  if the method and the solution is n't good , then more countries taking part in the solution wo n't make it better . 
   well before the refugee crisis , eastern europe had a reputation of being very bigoted . 
  russia is worst of all ( i 've seen plenty of videos of russian gangs ambushing migrant workers in the street ) , but places like poland and romania are also no cakewalks for non-whites .
