  that is simply something absolutely unacceptable for people here , even if in reality , most of the migrants would probably try to leave to western europe anyway , so the whole quota system would not even work . 
  yes , you 're right , even though i would say that even among the current migrant wave there are some which are educated and grew up in relatively ( in middle eastern terms ) liberal enviroment so they could integrate , specially among the syrians there seems to be a class of urban elite/upper middle class where the prospects of integrating are quite hopeful . 
  for the afghanis/iraqis or people from north/central africa this is indeed not the case and their integration will probably by very problematic . 
  the us and canada have a geographical advantage , so they can pick the migrants carefuly , so only the most skilled make it there . 
  europe does not have this advantage , so i think we will have to eventually enforce australian-style migration policy . 
  looking at the prospects of mena region in the next few decades , i think we will have no other choice . 
  nobody has such a magical solution which would make absolutely everybody happy . 
  but at least imo the eu will have to move to the `` keep migrants out of europe '' policy eventually , because the group of people wanting to accept more migrants will get smaller and the people rejecting more migrants will get bigger over time . 
  just have a look at the mena region . 
  their demographics is horrible , they went through a demographic bomb in the last few decades and their fertility rates are still not going down fast enough . 
  they just simply have way too many kids and young people . 
  this puts pressure on the labour market , which just ca n't absorb that many people , which will get only worse with automation . 
  add climate change to this , which will probably hit this region heavily in the next few decades and the political turmoil , which does n't seem to be going anywhere and you have a time bomb waiting to explode right next to european borders . 
  i hope i 'm wrong , but this simply looks like europe will not be able to deal with it unless it takes absolute control over its borders . 
  even if human rights activists will call us all nazi . 
  making sure to keep stability , both economical/social and political within europe should be the priority . 
  if we ca n't keep stability here , then we wo n't be able to help anyone anyway . 
   but the fact remains that this paper is an expression of desire to have eu institutions more involved . 
  i 'm not denying that , i 'm just saying that different people might prefer that the eu institutions are involved in different ways . 
   the paper is an expression of trust in the commission . 
  no , it 's not , you just said it yourself that the paper is an expression of desire to have eu more involved . 
  if this paper was an expression of trust in the commission , the question would have to be `` do you have trust in the eu commission ? '', 
  which is not the case . 
  people wanting the eu to get more involved does not necessarily mean they like or trust the current commission . 
  it only means precisely what it says - `` i want the eu to get more involved '' - which of course can mean `` i like what the eu is doing right now and i would like that they do more of it '' , or `` i think eu is not doing anything and i would like them to start doing something finally '' or `` i do n't like the current actions of the eu at all , i wished they finally got involved and started to solve the problems in a different way '' . 
  the truth is that we can only speculate about what the people answering this survey had in mind . 
  it would be wrong to just take the conclusions and assume that it means that all the people answering `` yes '' mean that they are perfectly fine with what the commission is doing and want more of it . 
   threatening to send them back to their home country under the current international law you can not send a refugee back to a country which is deemed dangerous for him/her , so this would be an empty threat . 
  even if it was possible , i do n't think it would work as a deterrent very well . 
  maybe it would work for syrians , i 'm not sure about other nationalities . 
  we have accepted about 90 iraqis directly from iraq and lebanon and more were to come until the project was canceled because it turned out to be a disaster . 
  a group of ten decided to voluntarily return to iraq after a few weeks , because they felt homesick and could not get used to life in such a different enviroment . 
  another group of 25 illegally left to germany after two months . 
  a group of 20 more followed them a week after , this time czech police was ready for them and detained them at the borders , after that they chose to rather voluntarily leave to iraq than staying in cz . 
  this is of course anecdotal , but i think it actually ilustrates a wider trend which is present not just in ee , but in some we countries as well , we have had reports from finland , sweden , germany about refugees returning to their home countries . 
  i think the problem is that a lot of the people coming to europe right now are middle class , or upper middle class , used to certain living standard which they hope to restore asap and when it does n't happen quickly , they get frustrated and prefer to either move elsewhere to europe or back home . 
  so i do n't think threatening that they will have to leave europe would work , most of them are going to europe with a clear intention to start a new life in germany/benelux/northern europe/uk and if they 're not granted this , they will just probably prefer to leave anyway or go into illegality in we . 
   denying them the right to get their families up here ( if this was n't already used ) as far as i 'm concerned , the family reunification rules are getting stricter pretty much everywhere in the we already . 
  people get very creative when they try to avoid rules . 
  i think the eu planned to force them to stay in the allocated countries by denying them work permit and social benefits in any other but `` their '' country . 
  i do n't believe it would work though , since many of them will just prefer to live in western european countries with their communities , even if it means avoiding the authorities , working on the black market and so on . 
  young males will likely turn on criminal path . 
  women just wo n't work and will stay home with the kids . 
  if you look at the employment rate of refugees , denying them working permit is not even a real punishment , since majority of them are unable to find a job anyway . 
  social benefits in eastern european countries are ridiculously low compared to the western europe , so this will also hardly be a motivation to stay . 
  plus eastern european countries have very few muslims , or just minorities in general , we tend to be homogenous societies , so foreigners will just struggle to integrate here , specially if they 're placed in a small town/village . 
  there are no existing communities that could help them , the local population are often rather hostile to muslims , everything here is completely alien to them . 
  and if you look at the migration trends in europe , you can see that eastern europe struggles to keep their own people in their countries . 
  sure , there are exception , for example the czech republic or slovenia are not facing this problem , but in general , the migration trends are clear . 
  honestly i find it pretty absurd that the commission thinks that they can fight this - they would have to pull off some massive social engineering to convince the migrants to stay eastern/southern europe , when the borders to western europe are wide open . 
  as for now , the commisson does n't even seem to be able to convince a significant number of europeans that the eu is a good thing . 
  and yet they think they can convince migrants from mena to stay in countries , whose name these people probably never even heard . 
  it 's just completely unrealistic . 
  unfortunately the commission does n't care what 's realistic , they have their vision about federal europe ( which common asylum policy is part of ) , so they will try to push it regardless . 
  i agree that dismatling the eu is surely not the right answer to the eu doing something i do n't like . 
  but the thing is that limiting mass immigration from mena is kind of becoming the mainstream opinion among european citizens . 
  so it 's really a bit misleading to wave around with a paper and claiming that this is giving you the legitimicy to accept more migrants ( i know verhofstandt is not specificaly mentioning this , but in general he supports commission 's policy on this ) . 
  i mean , sure , you can do this , but do n't be surprised when this causes another backlash of euroscepticism . 
  yeah , well , that might be true , but that does n't mean that the group whose opinion on how to deal with the problem is not heard , will not get pissed , just because it 's europe who is dealing with it . 
  at this point i would say majority of europeans would be for australian style migration policy ( i.e. 
  keep the migrants in the camps outside of europe and only let in selected ones ) , but guess what people in the commission and parliament are going to do - they will say `` look , majority of europeans want us to deal with the situation , so let 's try to impose more refugees on member countries , it 's what the people want , it 's right here in the eurobarometer '' . 
  when in fact that 's not what the eurobarometer is saying . 
  i would actually also not be against accepting refugees , as long as there was an upper limit ( for example max 3 thousands a year for cz ) and as long as these refugees were genuinely interested in coming here . 
  but so far it has proven to be very hard to actually find some who would want to come here . 
  i simply do n't want to waste resources on people who will leave to germany after few months anyway . 
  i think the problem is though that people might understand the `` intervene '' part differently . 
  for example one person might think that eu intervening more in the migrant crisis means increasing the security at the borders and not letting anyone who comes illegally in ( in the way australia does this ) , while someone else might assume that it means giving the eu the authority to accept refugees and distribute them among the member states . 
  these two visions would be very incompatible , but in this survey , both groups would look like they agree with each other . 
  the same thing here . 
  by now i think everyone already understands that relocation does n't work . 
  the problem is not that the commission does n't get it , the problem is that they get it and they 're still pushing it , because that 's just their agenda - common european asylum policy with the central authority in the brussels , not in the member states . 
  they first want to achieve this and only after that worry about how it 's actually going to work . 
  as our eu minister mentioned , brussels is all about big ideas first and implementation second . 
  yeah , i get that it 's the hungarian law . 
  but i mean , what difference does it make if the referendum is valid or invalid ? 
  even if it 's valid , it still does n't give orb\u00e1n any legal argument to not respect the council 's decision ( only the court can decide that and orban already filed that lawsuit ) . 
  the point is , valid or invalid , the referendum does n't give orban the power to overule the council . 
  the way i see it , the real purpose of the referendum is to make it difficult for the eu to stick to the quota plan from the pr perspective - it 's one thing to say `` fuck you orb\u00e1n , we are doing this anyway '' and another thing to say `` fuck you hungarian people , we are doing this anyway '' . 
  but imo this purpose can be fulfilled even if the turnout is below 50 % . 
  orb\u00e1n can still claim that the majority of people who voted are against it , so he will respect the will of the people who voted . 
  not really . 
  our president is against sanctions , but he does n't hold the main power in cz . 
  the official government 's position is that the sanctions should not be lifted until minsk agreement is fully implemented . 
  the same goes for slovakia . 
  but you 're right that we 're not as outspoken as poland is . 
  i see , thanks for the clarification . 
  i do n't understand why it 's so important to have 50 % participation in this case though . 
  it 's not like the referendum will have any legal consequences anyway for the ec , even if there is 50 % participation , it 's more like a declaration really , which can serve its purpose even if the participation is , say 45 % . 
  i agree that the eu needs to focus on helping the refugees as close to their home countries as possible and then perhaps let just the vulnerable groups in ( like single mothers with small children and so on ) . 
  it 's simply unsustainable to let everyone in . 
  i do n't think we should block anyone who 's muslim just because they 're muslim though . 
  yes , there are certainly plenty of problematic things about islam , which are absolutely incompatible with our culture an lifestyle when taken literaly , but not all muslims follow all these things . 
  if you look at the us or canada the muslims there seem to be integrated relatively well . 
  even in the czech republic we have a very small muslim minority ( about 20k people ) which came to study at our universitites , so they 're higly educated and are not making any troubles here . 
  so i think it 's more important to look at the migrants ' social/educational background to see whether they are likely to integrate . 
  the urban elite is always more likely to integrate succesfully than rural uneducated people regardless of religion . 
  it seems to me that the current commission does n't really care about this . 
  they want to be able to say that they have pushed through a european-wide asylum policy which fairly distributes the burden among all member states . 
  the fact that this sounds good on paper but has exactly zero chance of working in real life is of secondary importance to them . 
  i suppose orban is doing this partly for scoring political points at home and partly because he thinks that it will be harder for the commission to push the plan through if it 's officialy the population which is against , not just the government .
