  just a quick heads up : if you consider everyone that does n't agree that the annexation of sudetenland was rightful , a nationalist , then you might as well consider 99 % of the czech population nationalist . 
  nobody is going to grow out of that . 
  i never said that my country did nothing wrong . 
  i accept that the atrocities that happened during the expulsion are inexcusable and that the expulsion itself was based on collective guilt . 
  however i wo n't ever accept that it was rightful for hitler to take any part of czechoslovakia . 
  if you think i 'm a nationalist because of that , then fine , i do n't really care . 
  i remember i already discussed the sudetengerman issue with you and i really do n't feel like getting into it again , sorry . 
  i understand germans ( specially those of sudetendeutsche origins ) who stress the unfairness of the post-war expulsion . 
  a collective guilt was applied against the sudetengermans and that was wrong . 
  however i have little understanding for those who think that act of breaking up my country was legit and that sudetengermans were all just victims who had every right to support the annexation , because the lands were n't really czech . 
  and even if we accepted this , it was still no excuse for supporting hitler . 
  they lived in a free democratic country and had access to information . 
  hitler was n't keeping his views secret . 
  whoever was still voluntarily supporting him in 1938 is to blame . 
  i do n't really have anything else to tell you , since you evidently do n't even have any respect for the czech state in its rightful borders and thus it 's not really possible for me to have a normal discussion with you . 
  i tried that before and it did n't work out . 
  well obviously it was too late by then . 
  the uk and france have totally misread hitler and his intentions . 
  it was n't just that they did nothing to stop the annexation of sudetenland , they even endorsed the annexation by signing the munich agreement . 
  they literaly agreed with him taking over the sudetenland where the vast majority of czech military was stationed . 
  well then do n't complain when the consequences of this ` i 'll vote for anyone who changes the status quo ' hit you in your face , when that anyone clearly is someone with extreme racist views , with a complete disregard for democracy , with big militaristic ambitions and who clearly does n't even attempt to hide his absolute contempt for certain nationalities/ethnicities and who is totally open about viewing them as subhumans . 
  they never should have let hitler take bohemia and moravia . 
  even ignoring the ethical side of it , it was still a very bad move . 
  bohemia and moravia were at that point well armed and all of this weaponry went to germany and was later used against france . 
  it was also a heavily industrial area that ended up producing a large portion of german weaponry - cca 1/3 of it by the end of war . 
  which was btw also one of the reasons why germany did n't behave as horribly here as they did in poland - they were worried that being too brutal could cause large-scale rebellions and that would disrupt the production . 
  basically my point is that the allies made some very bad decisions , not just from the ethical but also from the pragmatic point of view that later came to bite them in their ass . 
  if hitler was stopped in 1938 , then who knows how would european modern history look like . 
  oh , come on , it 's not like hitler was hiding his deeply racist views ... i mean when was mein kampf published , sometimes around 1920s ? 
  there were like bazillion warning red flags flying around hitler . 
  do n't tell me that sudeten germans did n't know that the annexation will have very severe consequences for their czech neighbours . 
  many of them were also welcoming the german troops when they were taking the rest of the bohemia and moravia . 
  yeah , of course , if you 're unhappy with the country you live in , the only choice you have is to support a genocidal maniac / s. 
  yeah , i take all the percetion indexes with a grain of salt . 
  it 's been also documented that typically countries which try to actively fight corruption often drop in these indexes , purely because there are more scandals getting on the surface , while countries which might have a comparable level of corruption , but do n't try to tackle it , are higher on the index . 
  also i sometimes wonder if we countries or the us , who are doing very good on the index , are actually doing that good in reality or if it is n't just that their corruption is more nuanced and sophisticated ( for example in the form of lobbying ) and their populations tend to be more trusting of their authorities , while in cee countries , people are just extremely cynical about politics . 
  perhaps this distorts the final index a little bit . 
  well your original post seemed to suggest that it 's a fact that they can use the reunification laws , or at least that 's how i understood it . 
  so i just wanted to point out that they wo n't be able to do that . 
  of course i agree that what they believe they will be able to do is something entirely different . 
  most of asylum seekers tend to have a completely distorted view of europe and germany in particular . 
  so yeah , i can see that they think they 'll be able to bring their families over , but it 's not gon na happen for the vast majority of them . 
  at least not legally . 
  yeah , i know you just used that as an example . 
  sorry if i sounded like i was nit-picking . 
  it 's actually really diffucult to determine which country is better/worse at corruption , since all we have are so-called `` corruption perception indexes '' , but as you said , it depends on what people in that specific country perceive as corruption , how sensitive they 're to it and also how well-hidden and sophisticated the corruption is . 
  i just wanted to point out that in general , we have problems with corruption in politics as well , we 're no way immune to it . 
   what if they have no papers and no evidence ? 
  but just claim to be from syria etc ? 
  usually it 's not that unrealistic to find plot holes in the stories of migrants who pretend to come from a different country . 
  the first basic clue is obviously the looks , if a black man from , say , nigeria , claims to be syrian , then that 's immediately going to raise a suspicion . 
  the authorities responsible for handling asylum cases also mostly have interpreters with them , who are familiar with the local languages and dialects , so they will see if the person who claims to be from syria ca n't actually speak the dialect of the arabic language that a person coming from whatever part of syria he/she claims to be , should speak . 
  and even ignoring languages and looks , it 's actually not that easy to come up with a solid consistent story , specially if you have no documents to back the story up . 
  the authorities are trained to handle these situations , so they can find inconsistencies in your testimony relatively easily . 
  of course it 's possible that some people might just slip through . 
  specially in the type of situation as in 2015 , when masses of people , literaly hundreds of thousands , come at once . 
  but in general the main problem is n't that authorities hand out asylum to anyone that asks , but that they 're unable to deport the rejected applicants . 
  that 's the main issue . 
  yeah , i know . 
  i have even read an article ( do n't remember where now ) about the phenomenon of men-free african villages , which nowadays virtually consist of women , children and old people , because all the young men in the productive age left either to europe or to the big cities in africa . 
  and while i realize that their behaviour is quite logical ( i mean , if they care at all about their wifes/sisters/daughters , they will absolutely not let them make the journey to europe , since for men it might be very dangerous , but for women , it 's absolute hell ) , it does n't mean that i 'm going to ignore that receiving that many young men is simply very problematic for europe . 
  even ignoring that they come from highly conservative areas , often with very distorted views of european women , which then results in the sexual attacks that we have been witnessing in the past few years in we countries , young men are simply statistically more likely to commmit crimes . 
  not just sexual crimes , but all kinds of crime . 
  so it 's perfectly valid to prioritize families over singly men when choosing who to accept . 
  what ? 
  when someone applies for asylum , it is n't up to the authorities to prove that he/she is n't a refugee . 
  on the contrary , it 's up to the person to provide a plausible testimony and evidence that would prove that he/she qualifies for a refugee status as it is definied in the geneva conventions . 
  for instance , countries usually have a list of ` safe countries ' which are found not to significantly breach human rights and persecute its citizens , so anyone who comes from one of these safe countries can have its application denied with the explanation that it is clearly based on unreasonable grounds . 
  many of these men come exactly from these ` safe countries ' , so unless they can provide evidence of being personally persecuted , which the vast majority of them ca n't , they will be denied . 
  of course it 's another thing that they often are n't deported even though their application is denied , but that does n't mean they can ( legally ) bring their family over . 
   to give an example to what / u/austinvonrivia is saying , because redditors from romania may have different expectation of what corruption is vs someone from czechia : i just wanted to add that the practice of putting like-minded people in non-political functions in state-owned or partly state-owned companies ( like the czech post service , czech national railway service etc. ), 
  is not uncommon over here as well . 
  what ? 
  when did v4 block frontex ? 
  frontex existed way before the refugee crisis even started . 
  eu countries have reunification laws for recognized refugees . 
  and even in their case it 's increasingly more difficult to bring their family over . 
  those men coming from africa overwhelmingly do n't qualify for a refugee status , they wo n't be able to legally bring their families over . 
   it takes time to adjust to the whole `` european idea '' and it 's not just politicians , nations too . 
  when portugal and spain first joined they were somewhat plagued by similar problems . 
  good point , however the thing is that at least from my perspective , i do n't see much progress in embracing the ` european idea ' over here . 
  if anything , the trend is more so the opposite . 
  the 90s and early 00s were all about ` back to europe ' in foreign policy , but this consensus is now gone . 
  and the truth is that even back then , the eu-hype was based on inaccurate information and unrealistic expectations . 
  it was n't really the actual ` european idea ' that ` clicked ' with people over here . 
  it was the promise that we 'll reach western european living standards , that we 'll be able to travel on vacations without border checks and that our young people will have more opportunities than they parents and grandparents . 
  so i 'm not really sure whether more time will do the trick here . 
  there really is n't that much ideological kind of love for the eu among the people here . 
  it was more so a marriage of convenience . 
  the eu is largely seen here as a distant bureaucratic something totally disconnected from the lives of the average citizens and i think the big problem is that people here did n't accept it as ` our project ' too , but more so as something that we joined , but do n't really have any influence within it . 
  there 's just this weird mental barrier which i think is n't really there so strongly in we , but we for example have that in common with brits . 
  in we ( not counting the uk ) the eu is largely seen as something that is ` yours ' and that your nations shape and so your people can identify with it . 
  but in the uk , this was never the case , the eu was always a foreign element , and this is similar in my country , only in the case of the uk , a big part of the british public had straighout hostile attitude to the eu , while czechs just tend to be largely indifferent . 
  in the other new member states , the attitudes towards the eu are more positive than in the czech republic , but from my experience , it 's in general a bit more superficial than in the we . 
  the eu is connected with protection , economic prosperity , eu funds , freedom of movement and other perks , so again the bases of this positive attitude are pragmatic , not emotional/ideological . 
  but then none of this really excuses our politicians acting incompetent within the eu . 
  regardless of what our public 's relation to the eu is , we are simply now a part of it , so we might as well try to make most of it . 
  or you know , that should be our politicians ' jobs , but god damn , they just suck at foreign policy so bad sometimes . 
  to be fair though , i do n't really blame we for trying to follow their particular goals . 
  it 's not like we 're behaving differently .
