  i 'm wondering - from your experience since there 's now quite a few of you here , do americans tend to stick with themselves or do you also have some local friends ? 
  do n't take it the wrong way , i totally understand that when someone is here just for a year or two , they 're probably not gon na be super involved in the mainstream society and i do n't really blame them for that , i was just wondering what 's your view on this , since immigrants ( expats , whatever you want to call them ) from the west are often seen here as locking themselves away in their little international communities . 
  yeah , in a way that 's true . 
  in some economic parameters we 're doing even better than germany . 
  also similarly to germany , we run a massive trade surplus ( relatively to the size of our economy ) . 
  however the big difference is that we essentialy have to run the trade surplus , we have no other choice , cause if we did n't , the current account of our balance payment would be in a massive deficit , which is caused by the huge flow of dividents from our country to abroad . 
  so in reality we 're actually way more dependent on exports than germany is . 
  which means we 're extremely vulnerable to outside influences . 
  also obviously unlike you , we 're still stuck in the middle income trap . 
  so overall , you 're definitely in a much better position . 
  please do n't call us czechoslovakia . 
  that is so 1990 's . 
  use czech republic or czechia , whichever you want , but czechoslovakia really is n't up to date . 
  the things you mentioned are more or less true . 
  i would also add that we have fairly stable public finances ( debt to gdp ratio , the banking sector stability , the current account of the balance of payments has fortunately in the recent years also got in the black numbers ) , however as i said there really are plenty of other things that suck here , so there 's really no need to envy us . 
  all countries have their problems , the grass always seems greener on the other side . 
  i 'm sure there are many things in your country that work better than in here which we could envy you . 
  the economic growth comes in waves , so while i agree that we could really have many more immigrants right now , the situation might be very different 5 years later . 
  so i would n't be for any rapid changes . 
  however moderate growth of the immigration rates would be fine . 
  ano does n't really have any consistent ideology . 
  their policies are a mix of pragmatism and populism . 
  babi\u0161 ( the party leader ) himself when talking about the eu is all about what are the costs and benefits and whether it 's profitable for us - and he concludes that it is and in this sense he 's pro-eu . 
  however when the public opinion is strongly against something ( like the euro , or the refugee quotas ) he is very unlikely to go against that . 
  at the same time , he for example thinks that an eu army would be a good thing . 
  so no , babi\u0161 does n't support further european integration per se , just because of some ideological setting , however he does support some forms of further integration because he thinks that those particular forms could be profitable . 
  there are other people in his party who have different views on the eu , however he does have a very dominant position in his party . 
  there 's plenty of shitty things in our country , but the way the immigration works here is great . 
  we have just enough people coming to have a moderate sustainable population growth and at the same time we attract people who actually end up contributing to our society and whose kids are very well integrated . 
  well expect for the english speaking expat bubbles , but then those do n't cause any problems , so nobody really minds about it . 
  honestly when i see how some immigrant communities behave in some western european countries , i just want to go to our east/south east asian immigrants or eastern european immigrants and thank them for how adaptable they are . 
   i do however believe that further eu defence integration should be our number one priority . 
  i agree , though i 'm not sure if you realize that if we hyphothetically formed an actual eu army that would be under the authority of some joint eu command , it would be mean that germany would actually have less control over where german soldiers are deployed and given that the militarily strongest eu country ( not counting the uk ) is france , which has a somewhat more open attitude towards interventions abroad , it would be a bit more likely that german soldier would end up in some mission that germany itself would not normally approve . 
  yeah , germany was indeed very good at convincing europe that you 're not a danger anymore . 
  it 's not like there were never any worries though . 
  many europeans countries actually were at first quite nervous about the german reunification , but those worries more or less dissappeared in the 90s . 
  nowadays just the idea that germany would be starting another war in europe seems completely far-fetched . 
  how is this seen in germany , are you really afraid to have a large military or is it more that you find it inconveniant/unneccesary to spend money on it ? 
  hardly anyone worries about german military spending . 
  germany succesfully rebranded itself as military benign state and it is taken as such . 
  sometimes germany is seen as trying to push their views/interests through other means , for example economic means , but i literaly do n't know anyone who would see germany as a real military threat . 
  this could only possible change in the future if the increased spending was accompanied by some sudden aggresive rhetorics towards germany 's neighbours , but that is imo very unlikely to happen . 
   i just really wish european folk would understand how much most americans care for them , or view them as friends , but that 's not a sentiment really reciprocated online . . 
  most american are very american-oriented and do n't care/don ' t know what is going on in the rest of the world at all , europe included . 
  do n't know if you follow the recent events about `` registr smluv '' . 
  if so , then you can notice that \u010ct basically ignores this thing . 
  it 's rather the print media and their internet versions which are heavily following this story . 
  this is begs the question why , since it actually is the type of story that \u010ct would normally report on - it 's a significant development in the series of the anti-corruption laws that the politicians promised to adopt and now they 're backtracking . 
  it also passed with exactly the minimum possible votes , with many mps not bothering to show up at all , which would suggest that there was some backdoor plotting between the political parties . 
  it 's a perfect topic for investigative journalists and i 'm pretty certain that in normal circumstances , ud\u00e1losti , koment\u00e1\u0159e , report\u00e9\u0159i \u010ct or 90 ' \u010ct24 would be all over it . 
  only in this case , \u010ct merely mentioned it in the regular news and i suspect this is because they 're one of the state institutions that happen to be exempted from releasing their contracts online . 
  and i even get some of the arguments why they do n't want to release the contacts , but i do n't think they should let any of this influence their news coverage . 
  what the hell , i did n't even know that poland and hungary had any plans for v4 tv . 
  though i really would not like sharing a station with the polish or hungarian public tv . 
  not that our public tv is perfect , but i think it 's still more immune to politial pressure from the government than its polish or hungarian counterparts . 
   the main obstacle is probably that the people of sweden ca n't find any consensus about what `` reasonable '' actually means in this context . 
  and so what , the government has a mandate to act based on what they consider the best for the country ( as long as they 're in the legal mantinels obviously ) . 
  this does n't necessarily have to please all the people of sweden . 
  i bet that the majority of swedes also do n't want the government to sit around and do nothing except for reassuring the rest of the world that everything is ok in sweden . 
  they do n't have to be mutually exlusive , it 's just that it looks like that you 're putting way more emphasis on the first , while i would say you should absolutely put more emphasis on the second thing . 
  but this is just my perspective , perhaps i 'm just missing the things that the swedish government is doing to improve the situation . 
  but frankly if i 'm looking at the progress made , it does n't look that good . 
  i mean , yes , you tightened the border control and stopped being so generous in evaluating asylum requests , but this only came when the situation was simply no longer sustainable , so your government pretty much did n't have any other choice . 
  the problems with integration remain more or less the same . 
  meanwhile we get `` everything is fine , sweden still awesome '' press releases basically on weekly basis now . 
  do n't get me wrong , i get that it is annoying when foreigners say bullshit things about you , but this happens to absolutely every country in the world . 
  we 're known in many countries as the place where guys go get drunk and have fun at strip clubs . 
  do you see us cry about this in the world media ? 
  or do you see our goverment making campaigns about how not all czech woman are pornstars ? 
  no , because nobody here gives a shit about that , we have more important problems . 
  companies do n't make important business decisions based on what fox news say . 
  i really would n't worry that much about what some tabloid media say about you . 
  i understand that from the swedish perspective it 's probably unusual to get this much criticism , since you normally are the role model in so many things , but it 's really not such a big deal . 
  countries get criticized from abroad all the time . 
  just grow thicker skin and work on solving your problems , that 's the best way to respond to criticism . 
   reputation is however important when you 're a country that is heavily involved in foreign trade , and trying to get your voice heard in international politics . 
  i can understand that it can probably somewhat impact tourism . 
  but i ca n't imagine that people/companies will stop buying swedish products just because breitbart wrote a couple of alarmist articles about you . 
   but the government has created reasonable immigration policies . 
  since april 2016 we hardly take in any immigrants , almost every asylym requests gets turned away . 
  how can people not be aware of this ? 
  i 'm aware that sweden has made changes recently , but that should have came way sooner . 
  the effects of poor decisions made earlier will not just dissappear . 
  also it seems that the problems with excluded areas and with high unemployment among non-eu migrants have been relevant for quite some time and it 's not like it 's getting any better . 
  i understand that these are difficult issues to tackle , but it just looks strange that your government seems to be more concerned about your reputation abroad than it is about the actual existing problems that sweden has . 
   does n't mean they are n't already doing that . 
  they most likely are . 
  well given that their non-eu migrants have significantly higher unemployment rate than the locals or eu migrants , i 'd say that they have n't been doing a very good job so far . 
  i think that many of the reports about what is going in sweden are exaggearated which does n't mean that sweden does n't have real issues with immigration . 
  imo sweden should primarely focus on fixing those problems instead of running campaigns focused on saying `` nothing is happening here , sweden is still great '' . 
  i 'm not pretending to be an expert on this and i also think that different countries have different needs/attitudes , so there is n't just one good immigration/integration policy that would work everywhere . 
  what definitely is n't reasonable to is to brand yourself as a humanitarian superpower inevitable attracting huge amounts of immigrants despite the fact that you already have a housing crisis in your country . 
  it 's also not reasonable to not test the migrants ' age and just accept anyone who claims to be 17 as a child as sweden was doing in the past . 
  i 'm normally not very positive about my own country , however i 'd say that we actually do have a fairly good immigration policy . 
  however as i said , what works for us will not necessarily work for other countries . 
  if the swedish government put as much effort into creating actually reasonable immigration and integration policies as it is putting into dispelling false or inaccurate information , then perhaps there would n't be the need to dispel any inaccurate information in the first place . 
  what would two speed eu even mean ? 
  where would be the division line ? 
  is n't there already a two speed eu with eurozone and non-euro countries ? 
  should it then be euro countries who move forward while non-euro countries stay behind ?
