  if this had some simple solution , then it would have already been solved . 
  but the truth is that they 're in a very difficult situation , they have deep , structural problems , the roots are going all the way back to colonialism , for which the current population is not at all responsible , but still suffers from its consequences . 
  solving these deep issues will be a long-term thing and france could certainly take a lot of insight from israel , but mockery is something they really do n't need . 
   serious question for europeans ; do you guys want out ? 
  no , i really like living in my country . 
  we do not have problems with migration though , because migrants from problematic parts of the world are not interested in coming here , when they can go to northern/western europe . 
  instead we 're getting migrants from other eu countries , migrants from non-eu eastern european/balkan countries and we have a significant vietnamese minority . 
  overall migration is not an issue here . 
  i also do not share these horrifying visions of we somehow turning in a shithole , i still have faith in our western neighbours that they will manage to sort this out . 
  germany and sweden now have the chance to learn from this when dealing with the newly arrived migrants and hopefully they wo n't repeat the mistakes of france and belgium . 
  to give it up and move is not really a solution . 
  if the majority of western europeans decided to do that , where would they go ? 
  you said it yourself , australia is strict on immigration , so then the us ? 
  not sure , many europeans like their welfare states and would not want to switch them for the us . 
  and as you pointed out , the us also does n't have their muslim/migration problem completely solved . 
  nope , the solution is to work on the problems our countries have and try to solve them . 
  that kind of makes me worried when i think about the fact that germany just accepted over a million of syrians and iraqis . 
  also afghans probably wo n't be the most chilled migrants ever . 
  the first generation might be grateful and fine with being at the bottom of the society , but their kids probably wo n't . 
  hopefully germany will learn from frances 's and belgium 's experience and wo n't let this out of control . 
  but that 's not what i meant . 
  yes , we do have different approaches to the current migrant wave , it does n't make a huge difference when it comes to terrorist attacks though , since the attacks were mostly done by european citizens , not by fresh migrants . 
  we countries would have these problems even of they adopted ee 's migrant policy , because their problematic youth is already in the country , the damage is already done . 
  even if the entire we now decided that they wo n't let a single muslim migrant in , they still would have hundreds or even thousands of young people of foreign background who holding rather radical view . 
  and please , do n't quote our president . 
  i understand that from abroad it might seem like he says some reasonable stuff , but believe me , he 's a populist of the worst kind , he will say anything that will boost his preferences and increase his chances at re-elections . 
  poland , slovakia , hungary or other ee countries do not really restrict muslim immigration in a way that there was actually some law prohibiting muslims from coming here . 
  it 's just that vast majority of muslim immigrants do n't pick our countries for various reasons . 
  one of this reasons could be that our politicians make it clear that they are not very welcome here , but i do n't think it 's the main reason . 
  i would argue that the current leaderships of both ee and we are not the ones who are making significant difference - the problems of we are deeper and more structural and the roots go all the way back to collonialism , post-ww2 invitation of low-educated gastarbeiters and the failure to assimilate them and mainly their kids in the mainstream society . 
  of course the refugees welcome culture was also not the most reasonable and i think that germany and sweden will have some tough challenges to deal with in the future if they do n't want to have the same problems as france or belgium nowadays , but so far the terrorists in france and belgium were mostly their own citizens with foreign background , not fresh migrants . 
  we in the eastern europe can only be grateful that our countries did n't colonize anybody in the past and most of the economic migrants we got during the communist times were from other ee countries or from vietnam . 
  this means that we have only a few muslims in our countries and this also makes us unattractive to other muslims immigrants , because they do n't have communities that would make it easier for them to move here . 
  of course we can also be glad that we still have this shitty post-communist reputation in other parts of the world , many people still seem to think that we 're underdeveloped shitholes , while we actually have a pretty decent standard of living here , but people from mena seem to be unaware of this fact . 
  anyway , my point is , you can really say that we have a more sucessful set of policies , because western europe and eastern europe are in completely different situations , so it 's not really possible to compare them . 
   maybe , france would look up to it if it was n't looking down from the moral high spot . 
  i may have missed something , but i have n't heard france critizing israel for your security measures . 
  anyway , israel is a very specific example , you guys have been through this shit for decades , so of course your population knows more about what to do . 
  majority of your people went through the mandatory army deployment . 
  this is not the case in europe and you ca n't just train people over night . 
   but europeans still come here all the time to join and fume riots against the security checkpoints ... 
  there are people doing stupid shit in every continent , it 's not european-only thing , but i get your point . 
  i think these people are often convinced they 're doing the right thing and not realizing they 're just making everything worse . 
  last year there were activists on the greek-macedonian borders encouraging and advicing people on how to get past the security guards , they even spread false rumours about the borders being open , which of course made massive crowds of people to move , only to be forcibly pushed back . 
  some people are just incredibly blind in their activism . 
  but you did have attacks with many victims in the past , did n't you ? 
  so , what changed , how do you prevent the large-scale attacks ? 
  i understand the security measures are way stricter in israel , but i assumed this was always the case , not some recent time development . 
  yep , can confirm . 
  instead they are digging goulash , p\u00f6rk\u00f6lt and langos . 
  actually now when i 'm thinking about it , we are all digging langos . 
  seems like the hungarians left some of their cultural genes here as well :d, 
  i 'm genuinely curious what you think should be done about this . 
  i mean , it 's just incredibly difficult to stop these lone wolf attacks . 
  even the us and israel , with arguably the strongest anti-terror forces and intelligence departments , ca n't prevent them . 
  just recently there was an attack on a gay club in the us and there are stabbing attacks in israel basically on monthly basis . 
  i think france is kind of slowly moving where turkey is nowadays in terms of perceptions of terrorist attacks - it is viewed with more surprise and horror than , say , a terrorist attack in baghdad , but somehow it 's not so shocking as it was before charlie hebdo . 
  i would say turkey is still seen as more dangerous , but unfortunately , if this continues , france will be getting there as well . 
  there are a lot of slovak students at my uni ( in brno ) and i have friends among them ... it certainly does n't feel like they have different genes from me or other czech students . 
  they are just as capable as we are . 
   i would also dare to say that historically czech and bohemian are not the same . 
  the kings of bohemia ( and also emperors of the holy roman empire ) were habsburgers for a long time ( roughly since the 1500s ) and bohemia had a large german population aswell well if you want to follow the history , then the kings of bohemia were first czech ( until 1306 ) , then luxemburgs , then jagiellonians and then habsburgs . 
  so originally , it was a czech kingdom . 
  but anyway , it 's kind of pointless to argue whose land this was historicaly . 
  the fact is that we ended up with german-majority areas after ww1 . 
  you say it was a bad idea , but it 's not like someone in the czechoslovakia intentionally created this situation . 
  there was simply such a thing as a czech state within austria-hungary and this state had some borders , which may not have accurately represented the ethnic divisions , but that was because when these divisions started to develop no one knew that the czech state would be independent . 
  when this happened , the historicaly established borders were respected . 
  i agree that this was not the best starting position , but it certainly did not give the germans the right to do what they did . 
   i think it makes it understandable though that if you feel a stronger affiliation to a different country than the one your plot of land was assigned to and if you feel misstreated by the government ( regardless of if this is true or not ) that you will not be terribly said if said country comes and `` liberates '' you . 
  it is a one thing to want to be `` liberated '' , it is another thing to support a manic who advocates a genocide . 
  i think i do n't have to repeat what the nazis did here and what they planned to do . 
  sorry , but i have no sympathy for their symphatisers whatsover no matter the circumstances . 
  it is in no way understandable that people supported hitler and his nazi ideology . 
  that does n't mean that i think these people should have been killed , but expulsion was a justified punishment for those who supported the nazis . 
   did n't czechoslovakia in the interwar period also try to supress the german minority this was of course the excuse hitler used for taking the sudetenland , but it was not true . 
  the germans were not opressed in czechoslovakia . 
  sure , some minor incidents might have happened , but there was no large-scale opression . 
  the czech government in the interwar period was under a strong pressure from sudeten germans ( after all they were a very large minority , not some tiny group of people ) and granted a lot of concessions to them in the attempt to calm the situation , but nothing worked . 
  hitler and the nazi party were able to flame nationalistic pride in the germans living in czechoslovakia to the extent that they were sometimes described to be more enthusiastic about the third reich then germans living in germany . 
   these people did not choose to be in czechoslovakia just that the land they were living on was given to czechoslovakia after ww1 ? 
  the lands were historicaly czech ( if you go back all the way to the kingdom of bohemia ) , however since it was also a part of the holy roman empire and since we 're geographically in the middle of europe , we just naturally always had a lot of foreigners coming through our country and many germans just decided to settle here and during the mediavel times this was not seen as a problem really , since the ruling elites often inter-married and had mixed background themselves and nation states kind of only became a thing after 1648 . 
  of course in the meantime we became a part of the habsburg empire , so we got quite a few austrias living here and so when the austria-hungary collapsed we ended up with a lot of germans and austrians in our country , and yes , they sort of ended up here without consciously deciding `` hey , guess what , i 'm going to live in czechoslovakia '' . 
  but in my view this does not give them the right to break up the country . 
  if they did n't like living here , they could have moved to germany or austria . 
  they did n't , instead they supported a person who was planning to murder/expel to siberia a half of the czech population - the very people who they shared the country with . 
  the sudeten germans turned against their neighbours and drove them out of their homes when the nazis came , so i ca n't feel sorry for them , when the same thing happened to them . 
  i do feel sorry for the part of german population which did not act this way , but got blamed anyway . 
  the fact that collective guilt was applied is certainly not just , nor justified . 
  however many germans , at least those living in sudetenland , deserved to be expelled , since they acted like a fifth column of hitler prior to 1938 and then welcomed and cooperated with nazi troops entering czechoslovakia . 
  basically they contributed to the destruction of czechoslovakia and because of that they lost their right to reside here . 
  would not be surprised if the situation was similar in poland . 
  what is of course tragical is that we did not really make distinctions between pro-nazi germans , neutral germans or anti-nazi germans . 
  unfortunately the whole post-war situation was driven by both emotions ( people were understandably angry at germany ) and pragmatism ( politicians could not have known how will the post-war germany behave and whether having a large german minority wo n't be dangerous again in the future , so they decided to take no risks and just get rid of this potentional danger once and for all ) . 
  and of course the inhumane practices and atrocities are not justified under any circumstances , even those collaborating with hitler did not deserve that , let alone innocent people . 
  the most disgusting thing is that it has been actually documented , that in czechoslovakia some of those people commiting the worst kind of atrocities against germans ( killing children and women ) , were also collaborating with the nazis during the occupation , but at that point this kind of information was not available to everyone , people only had suspision about who did or did n't collaborate with the nazis . 
  so the collaboraters tried to avoid this suspision and decrease the chances that they might get punished for their collaboration by being as anti-german as possible . 
  and they often managed to get away with it , specially since this kind of people had no troubles to once again `` adjust '' to new circumstances when the communist perfomed a coup . 
  the fact that these people were left unpunished is imo a huge shame in our history . 
  i see , you 're right , i forgot about the cohesion funds .
