  you 're very much rivaled by scandinavians , specially the danish though . 
  yep , i 've found out about that thanks to [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/b3e3v5f.png ) , 
  well , i guess it goes both ways . 
  to me polish sounds as if someone tried to speak czech but had a very strong speech defect . 
  slovakia our best friends . 
  all polls consistently show that over 90 % of us have favourable views of slovaks . 
  i 'm in that 90 % . 
  i love the country , love the nature , love the language and some of my best friends are slovaks . 
  i do n't even consider them foreigners . 
  poland i 've been to krakow , it 's a very beautiful city . 
  other than that i do n't have any personal experience with poles . 
  but generelly i have a good impression of them , they 're our v4 partner and we also trade with them a lot . 
  their language sounds hilarous . 
  austria awesome skiing destination and i absolutely adore vienna , it 's one of my most favourite cities . 
  actually the entire austria is very pretty . 
  austrians are really cool people , they sort of have all the typicaly good qualities that people usually connect with germany without having any of the negative qualities . 
  germany well ... they 're cool i guess . 
  no , seriously , they 're a great business partner , so please germany , keep your economy working , ok ? 
  all the german people i met were very nice , polite . 
  berlin is a pretty cool city . 
  dresden is also very nice . 
  also the biggest tourist group in prague are germans , so considering their numbers , they 're very well-behaved , you hardly ever hear about german tourists getting shitfaced drunk in the city centre , which ca n't be said for certain other group of tourists . 
  the great divides of wealth are only a thing in some eastern european countries . 
  in others , it 's completely the other way around - the societies are very egalitarian ( partly a communism legacy , which survived in some ee countries even after the turbulent 90s ) . 
  just look at this [ grap ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/employment_social/social_monitor/images/ineq_3.png ) , which shows the gini index in eu countries , which is most widely used for measuring income inequality . 
  the first three countries with the lowest gini index is slovakia , slovenia and the czech republic . 
  poland and hungary are also in the first half . 
  only the baltic countries , romania and bulgaria are in the second . 
  well you have missed out a lot !, 
  the good news is that you can still watch it on [ youtube ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhcmnr1bu2q ) . 
  no need to be afraid of language barrier , since the characters do n't speak at all , 
  yep , it 's a czechoslovak cartoon . 
  i totally adored it as a kid . 
  i did n't know it was known abroad as well . 
  no way , you know pat & mat ? 
  i did n't know that was a thing in croatia as well . 
  oh man , i knew about croatia , did n't know that we managed to make ourselves famous in slovenia as well . 
  but it makes sense , slovenia is popular destination among young czechs to do hydrospeed , rafting , canyoning and this kind of activities . 
   for many austrians , the former eastern european countries are popular cheap shopping or day-trip destinations . 
  that 's why bratislava is often jokingly called `` gratislava '' ; gratis being german for `` for free '' . 
   that 's funny , because bratislava is now actually more expensive than prague , the adoption of euro had probably something to do with that . 
  i have slovak friends who live in brno and go to work to bratislava every day by train because they find it more afforable this way ( and also because they just like brno more ) . 
  yeah , i know we have this reputation in other countries as well , that 's why i think there is some truth in it . 
  there is just a group of czech tourists who are rather adventurous and know-it-alls at the same time . 
  they 're convinced that they have everything under control and do n't need to listen to any security measures . 
  they 're a minority though , they only get a disproportial amount of attention due to their stupidity , the normal tourists wo n't get noticed . 
  we sometimes jokingly call slovakia upper hungary . 
  this is of course because they were part of the hungarian part of austria-hungary before czechoslovakia became independent and they still have hungarian minority . 
  usually when making this joke , we will pretend like we do n't even know that slovakia exists and when someone mentions it in a conversation , we act confused and ask if the meant upper hungary instead . 
  slovaks also make fun of us , specially of our tourists , since there 's a stereotype ( and probably there 's some truth in it ) that czech tourists go ridiculously unprepared to slovak mountains while being overly-confident of their abilities only to inevitably get in trouble and being in need of rescue ( or even get themselves killed in the most extreme cases ) . 
  so then whenever there 's some case of czech tourists needing to be rescued in slovakia , it 's met with responses like `` oh , what did they do this time , did they go to the mountains in flip flops ? 
  did they bring just one small bottle of water with them ? 
  did they ignore all avalanche warnings ? '', 
  and so on . 
  other than that , we probably do n't have special rivalries with our other neighbours , we just sometimes make fun of the classic stereotypes - polish people are overly religious and germans have no sense of humour . 
  i ca n't think of any stereotypes/jokes about austrians really , there are just generally liked here and held in high regard , which goes for slovaks as well , only with austrians we do n't have such a close relationship , so i guess there 's just no need to poke fun at them . 
  reading your post made me feel sick that people like you have to now worry about their future . 
  i absolutely understand your concerns and i would be having exactly the same thoughts in your place . 
  the tragic thing is of course that if people like you leave ( and i would not blame you at all ) , turkey will be really lost . 
  but anyway , if you do n't have any relatives in the eu , it will probably not be very easy to come here . 
  non-eu foreigners usually need some specific skills to be allowed to come , or some company has to hire them , but first needs to prove that they have n't been able to find an eu-worker for the position . 
  i do n't know about other eu countries , but at least here in cz there are special kind of freelance visa , which do not require any special skills . 
  plenty of young foreigners use these visa to live in prague , they usually teach english or other languages , which does n't make a lot of money , but then if you 're in your early 20s , you share an apartment with a bunch of friends and you only have yourself to provide for , you do n't need a big salary to live a comfortable life in prague . 
  for those who do n't want to only spend a couple of exciting years in prague and then move on , the freelance visa are often only for a transitional period , before they can find a better job , get a pernament resident permit and settle down . 
  you might want to check out if this is also available in other eu countries where you would like to move in . 
  northwestern europe is of course the best in terms of living standard , you would only have to get used to a slightly different climate  and also , it 's very sad , but the western europe has its own problems with islamists as well , so you would not be escaping that completely . 
  perhaps you could also consider other non-european countries , like canada , australia or the us . 
  as others have said , this would be an eu issue and if the us wanted to exclude some members , then i do n't think it would be acceptable , even if the us threatened us with economic consequences . 
  and how could the us even do that ? 
  the eu and the us economy are approximately the same size and are very connected , so if the us wanted to economicaly hurt the eu , they would be hurting themselves as well . 
  if this ( just hypotheticaly ) was decided on the national level and the us were interested in having a freedom of movement with us , then i do n't think they would have to `` order '' us to accept it , we would probably be quite happy to accept it anyway . 
  what bad consequences could that possibly have ? 
  brain drain ? 
  do n't think so , we are already free to move anymore in the western europe , where the salaries are also much higher , and not that many czechs do so . 
  those who wanted out already had the chance to leave , adding the us to the mix would n't really drastically change the situation . 
  plus czechs have a habbit of coming back from abroad eventually and that would be a big asset for us in the long term to have these people with the experience from the us to return . 
  sure , some people would leave for good , but maybe we would also get more young americans interested in living in europe . 
  we would obviously not be the top destination , but at least for those in their early or mid 20s with little savings , prague could be an attractive place , since it 's still quite cheap compared to western european cities . 
  unlike western european countries , we would not have to be worried to get flooded with americans wanting european welfare , because let 's face it , if someone were to come to europe for welfare , they would not be going to cz . 
  so yep , i think freedom of movement with the us could only be positive for us . 
  hey , i 'm not sure how it 's in italy , but over here birth control ( both hormonal and non-hormonal ) is not covered by the health insurance and you have to pay for it yourself . 
  basically you need to go to see a doctor ( a gynecologist ) and he/she gives you perscription and then you can go to any pharmacy to pick up the pills ( it 's usually around 25-40 eur for three months here , but the prices probably differ in each country ) . 
  as for gynefix - it 's available in my country , but not every doctor does it . 
  basically you have to check whether the doctor has the authority to do this and if he/she does , then you have to pay for that too ( it 's around 130 eur here ) . 
  but that 's just my country , i could be different in other countries . 
  i would not say it 's completely impossible . 
  i guess it differs in each country , but at least here in prague , there are quite a lot of non-eu expats , a lot of them teach english which can be done through a freelancer permit , which is easier to get than the normal working visa . 
  as for the regular working visa , it 's true that an employer has to first prove the job ca n't be done by anyone else in the eu , but the proving procedure only consists of putting the job advert in the system and then if no one with the right qualification within the eu applies , they 're free to offer the position to a foreigner . 
  so it really does n't mean that they actively search in the whole eu for a person who could do the job , they are just offering it first to the european citizens and in some fields it can very well happen that from those who are interested nobody fullfils the requirements and those who do fullfill the requirements might not be interested . 
  so i would not give up so easily if this is really what you want . 
  if i were you i would check out european countries which have low unemployment and then starting to look for job adverts in your field and possibly start replying , since this is really the only way to get the visa - you firstly need a job offer from an employer . 
   i 've noticed estern europe reacted a lot like the way western europe did after the second world war , kind and welcoming . 
  yeah , there are definitely many people in ee who are very welcoming of us troops , that 's pretty obvious when you just check this and last year 's pictures and videos from dragoon rides . 
  however we have our own anti-american part of population as well . 
  they are by no way the majority , but they do exist . 
  and at the same time , i 'm pretty sure many western europeans are still pro-us , particularly in the uk . 
  so it 's not really black and white . 
  but anyway , i also hope the relationship will stay strong , specially since we in the ee nowadays look with a bit of concern at the tendencies of the us to go back to isolationism . 
  well , you know you should n't take this too personally . 
  it 's just that us foreign policy is controversial and the us military is one of the main tools of us foreign policy .
