  if not , you 're a scumbag . 
  it 's ok , pretty much no one here blames this on poles or anyone else but the russians . 
  we understand that there is a big difference between the polish communist government and the ordinary poles living under the communist regime . 
   on the other hand there are lots of honest and upright politicians from the new generations . 
  are there ? 
  like who ? 
  i honestly feel like there 's not a single party in our country which i could vote for because i really want to . 
  i just always try to choose the lesser evil . 
  for example look at the parties currently in the parliament , you have \u010cssd ( ha\u0161ek and chovanec make me wan na vomit ) , ano ( babi\u0161 makes me wan na vomit ) kdu ( i 'm not religious so i do n't like their anti-gay attitudes ) , ods ( too anti-eu for me ) , \u00dasvit ( lol no ) , top 09 ( do n't really like kalousek , he 's an arrogant ass ) , communists ( i would rather shoot myself to my foot ) . 
  no one else seems to have any chance to get to the parliament . 
  yey , we 're just in the right spot . 
  rich enough to have relatively decent lifes , but not rich enough to provide welfare for thousands and thousands of people  but no , seriously , jokes aside - us not being as rich as western european countries is only one factor why migrants from mena are not coming here , and i would even argue that it is not the main one . 
  i think it 's more important that we countries already have established immigrant communities , some have historic ties to that region and they 're just more well known around the world . 
  whereas we in the ee are still mostly seen as an underdeveloped region around the world . 
  hell , even most western europeans are still insisting that the west/east division is the only correct way to classify europe . 
  and mena migrants are sure not looking up the official statistics for unemloyment/gdp ppp per capita/poverty rates/crime rates or other data when picking a country , they just follow whatever their family/friends/distant relatives or facebook says . 
  as a result we get migrants from other ee countries which are already familiar with our region + educated migrants from all over the world who can do a proper research and find out that we 're not such a bad place to live in , whereas we get both these groups as well , but also all the uneducated migrants from the third world . 
  anyway , this was a very long way to say - no , it 's not really that good that our politicians are mostly incompetent or corrupted ( or both ) , i was just tongue-in-cheek in the previous comment . 
  on the bright side this incompetence prevented us from becoming an attractive target country for mass migration from mena . 
  so i guess we have that coming for us , 
  some people just do n't like how it sounds . 
  probably cause it sort of resembles chechnya . 
  but anyway , just use whatever version you want . 
  if someone gets angry over such stupid thing , it 's their problem , not yours . 
  my friend just came back from his trip to china and he said that there were * gasps * only asian people everywhere !, 
  well , first of all , you 're really saying this to the wrong person , since i did n't emigrate anywhere and i do n't really have the intention to ( not completely ruling it out , but i 'm pretty sure i woud come back after few years , because home is home ) . 
  the same could be said for the vast majority of my fellow citizens ( i 'm from the czech republic and there was no mass exodus here , on the contrary , we have positive net immigration so there is more people coming here than people leaving ) , so i 'm not sure why you think that the dream of every single one of us is to move to the west . 
  yes , some people moved , but guess what , there are still millions of people living in the eastern europe , so apparently , not everyone prefers to live in the uk or germany . 
  also , i have absolutely nothing against people of any colour , ethnicity , sexual orientation or religion - i only have problem with people who follow backwards ideologies and islam when interpreted in the radical way is certainly a backwards ideology . 
   the rich countries always attract extreme elements . 
  uhm , really ? 
  by that logic , the most attacks per capita should be in luxembourg . 
  there are quite a lot of very rich countries in the world , which do not suffer from these `` extreme elements '' . 
  at the same time , terrorism seems very wide spread in the most unstable and poor regions of the world . 
  almost as if the richness of the country is not the main factor . 
   ps by the way without communism there would be no eastern european homo ethnic utopia , so you should be more careful about your complaints . 
  why do you keep making it about ethnicity or race ? 
  as i said , i 'm perfectly fine with people of any race , we do have a vietnamese minority in cz and they 're well integrated and there are no tensions between them and the native white population . 
  yep , we do n't have many black/latino people living here , but that 's just because they simply tend to immigrate to other areas in the world , not because we want to present our `` homoethnic utopia '' . 
  i do n't give a fuck about what colour of skin people have , i only care about whether they respect democratic , secular and liberal values . 
  and also i did n't want to whine about communism , i just stated that it left our countries significatly poorer and that created an incentive for people from ee to move to we . 
  that 's just a fact . 
  i did n't try to say that because of communism , we should now all give up on our countries and move to the west . 
   is it because western society is open and welcoming for foreigners and they 're allowing them to build their future in their countries for common benefit ? 
  or you know , it could be because the economic opportunities are simply better in the west . 
  it so happened that after ww2 europe was divided into two bloc , one of which ended up significantly poorer when the cw ended . 
  it also so happened that when the borders opened , many people in the ee simply chose to go to the west , because that 's where they could earn significantly more money and lead better lifes . 
  this all is not mutually exlusive with the fact that western europe is suffering from islamic terrorism while eastern europe is not , and the number of muslims living in these two regions is one of the reason why ( not the only reason ) . 
  you can try to deny it with this unrelated `` but we 're still richer and people from ee are coming to live here '' argument , but that does n't change the reality . 
  yeah , well , it only shows that the `` we all have to get to germany or sweden and all of our problems will magically go away '' obsession is very strong and even causes people to act completely irrationaly . 
  in the case of these guys , they already had their asylum application processed when they came , so they basically only had to wait a few more months to get their traveling documents ready and they would have been free to move in schengen . 
  but no , the need to go to the promised land was so strong that they had to go immediately and now they 're stuck in a german refugee facility with no asylum and with the prospect of being sent back here ( where they already formally rejected the asylum , so if they do n't re-apply , they will be deported back to iraq ) . 
  in this kind of enviroment , i really can not believe that the quota system would work , even if put in practice . 
  it would only lead to the rise of illegals living in the western european cities . 
  it was a very small number , some 150 people ( and few hundreds in the case of poland if i remember correctly ) . 
  also we were taking them in small groups of some 20-30 , so we did not end up taking them all , since the whole plan was cancelled because it turned out to be a pr disaster . 
  basically even the very anti-immigration people agreed with the plan , since it was christians , not muslims , and since we 've had numerous reports about them being real refugees , who lost everything escaping isis . 
  so the general attitude was friendly towards them , children made presents for them when they arrived , they were provided with nice acoomodation , language lessons , they took trips to prague , their children were supposed to start going to school . 
  and then after a month or so , 25 of them were in germany . 
  after the other saw that they succeeded in entering germany , another 20 followed them , only those were already caught at the borders by our police and then decided to rather go back to iraq than stay here . 
  another family also decided to return due to homesickness . 
  some other 30 remained for now . 
  this whole thing got a huge coverage here and was n't well taken by the public at all . 
  it happens pretty much everywhere in ee . 
  we and poland already accepted christian refugees outside the eu relocation plan , directly from middle eastern refugee camps , most of them left to germany or back to iraq . 
  one of them managed to get to all media by critizing the accomodation they were given here . 
  under the eu relocation plan we were supposed to take 7 people , but only got 4 , because the other 3 dissappeared in greece once they found out where they 're being sent . 
  there are similar reports about bulgaria and romania . 
  it is now almost a year ago since that vote passed . 
  a lot of things happened in the meantime , including the fact that the very plan that passed has proven to not really work in reality . 
  also last year it was a one-time only relocation of finite number of refugees . 
  the new commission 's plan wants to trigger relocation every time there is a crisis , with no upper limit of migrants . 
  not all countries that voted for the last year 's plan will necessarily vote for this one as well . 
   but i have to remark your immigration policy have simply not been tested like ours yet . 
  things can get ugly quickly if you do n't have the experience with it . 
  but we do get migrants though . 
  our population has been growing in total numbers since the revolution due to immigration and due to the fact that not that many czechs left ( compared with other ee countries ) . 
  the difference is that we got migrants from countries with very similar culture or from countries whose people are just tradionally good at integrating pretty much anywhere . 
  yep , sure , you can say that we 're lucky because we 're in different positions ( funny , i would have never thought that i would ever call us lucky for ending up in the wrong side of the continent after ww2 and as a result being poorer and less attractive to immigrants ) , and yes , it is true that we were n't tested the same way you were . 
  at the same times , i 'm pretty sure we would never ( and will never ) react the way germany or sweden did . 
  i 'm fairly confident that we would never let our country become such a big pull factor and would be way stricter and way vigorous in deterring people from coming . 
  agreed . 
  i personally hate how this whole migrant crisis has become a we vs ee thing , because it leaves me very conflicted , on one hand i do n't like some of the we 's ridiculous immigration policies and ca n't stand having a french , german , swede or belgian ( no offence , do n't mean you specificaly ) telling me how we should handle immigration , when our immigration policies unlike the policies in we work fine . 
  on the other hand i would literaly rather shoot myself in the foot than vote for people like orb\u00e1n . 
  unfortunately the way we handles the crisis is driving more and more people in ee to vote for these kind of people . 
  if the we at least let us alone and did n't try to impose their policies here and stopped pretending like we 're some major obstacle to the solution of the crisis and as if us taking a few thousands of people ( which would probably leave asap ) would actually solve anything . 
  i sometimes have a feeling that we politicians are frustrated that things do n't go their way , at the same time people in we are getting more and more frustrated with their politicians , so we 're then used as a scapegoat and as an explanation why the eu plans are not working . 
  which is of course absurd , it 's not our fault that the prospect of reaching we is a giant pull factor for the migrants , nor is our fault that almost no mena migrants want to come to our countries . 
  also given the different historical/political/social background of our countries and given what 's happening right now in europe , the reactions of our public are pretty understandable . 
  i see . 
  and well , yeah , you 're definitely right , even though it 's very hard to accurately measure just how much corruption actually hinders the economic performace , since there is also no effective way to measure corruption , all we usually have are perception indexes , which by the very definition are not 100 % reliable . 
  i think the problem with corruption in cee countries ( and yeah , orb\u00e1n is pretty awful even in terms of ee ) , is that once we joined nato and eu , our politicians no longer had the strong incentive to look good in the we 's eyes . 
  this is becoming more and more clear with the migrant crisis when we 're no longer afraid to go against we , which would have been unthinkable in the 90s or early 00s . 
  unfortunately in poland and hungary this lack of concern for we 's opinion also leads to some pretty disturbing tendencies and in other ee countries the politicians just do n't feel the pressure to fight corruption as much . 
  we can hear a lot about the succesful fight against corruption in romania , but their anti-corruption agency was heavily supported from abroad and probably would have never been so succesful without the eu initiative . 
  this did n't happen in hungary , cz , slovakia or poland , because the situation was never as bad here and the eu and we probably assumed that we would manage it on our own and that with the eu membership things in our countries will only improve . 
  i do n't think that the we ever imagined that some countries might actually do some backsliding instead and was never prepared for this . 
  the sad truth is though , that transforming a country is a painful and slow process and as we can see around the world , it rarely ever works out and sometimes can go very wrong . 
  you can change the law , the constitution , the market regulations and all this stuff basically overnight , but to establish really stable , resilient , corruption-free institutions takes years if not decades , not to mention the time you need to switch the peoples ' mindsets . 
  the problem with eu funds is not just corruption though , it 's also the general incompetence of our authorities plus the general complexity of the rules - seriously the eu might as well start their own university with a 3 years programme where they would teach how to properly apply for the eu funds , because that 's approximately how long it would take an average person to have a thourough understanding about the funds ( obviously i 'm overstating a little bit , but you get the point ) .
