  if not spent wisely , they can form a sort of forever-dependent relation between the donor and the recipient . 
  that is something i would really not want . 
  i identify primarely with my country first , not with my region . 
  the administrative regions in the czech republic are just that ... administrative . 
  they do n't come with a sense of regional identity . 
  evidently danes are better than you at making pranks , 
  that 's hilarious . 
  over here in my region we usually do it the other way around - we compete in complaining which country is the shittiest . 
  we do this with my slovak friends on weekly basis , it 's one of our favourite czech-slovak activities . 
  what happens when two people from two different nordic countries , who both secretly believe that their country is the best in the world , meet and they discuss some policy which is handled differently in those countries ? 
  lots of passive aggressiveness ? 
  you do n't have to have a commitment to the country you were born in . 
  that 's why there is a possibility of emigration . 
  also by having a commitment , i do n't mean that you have to be a die-hard patriot . 
  you just should take your piece of responsibility for the functioning of the country and in return you get certain services by the state . 
  we humans are social animals and we function on the basis of cooperation . 
  for the cooperation to be sucessful , individuals must be loyal to their group and be willing to contribute to its well-being . 
  without that , no societies could exist . 
  and nowadays our societies mostly take the form of states . 
  so to put it in a simple way - people who contribute to the well-being of a certain society should benefit from being in that society . 
  they should ' t take the benefits of belonging to another society if they no longer contribute to that society . 
  no , you ca n't and i actually much more respect people who accept this , because i think it 's more fair both to your new country and the original country . 
  i mean in this specific czech-german case , it would n't really make such a big difference , because our cultures are fairly close , but it becomes a problem when you have two more remote cultures . 
  then you have the kind of situation when turks in germany with dual citizenship vote yes in the referendum and fuck up the future for the secular turks living in big turkish cities , who actually know the conditions in turkey much better than those german , dutch or austrian turks . 
   i do n't agree to all of them honestly this surprises me a bit , because i thought you did intend to integrate into the german society fully and you were planning to give up your czech citizenship . 
  which is of course absolutely fine and i fully respect your choice , but i just thought that this means that you understand that you ca n't maintain the same ties to the czech republic as you have now . 
   why would it be dangerous ? 
  i mean you did notice how in many western european countries , there are problems with dual citizens , for example with people of turkish descent , who hold strong ties to their original country and this often prevents them from properly integrating in their new country , right ? 
  of course , it 's not everyone , but it 's also not an insignificant amount of people . 
   i love both countries and do n't want to `` close '' one off . 
  i 'm not saiyng that you have to close one off , you can still maintain ties to your home country , but if you accept german citizenship and give up czech citizenship , they you just simply do n't have the same level of ties to the czech republic as czech citizens do . 
  you ca n't just say - ok i want the benefits of having a german citizenship , but at the same time , i want to have the same status in the czech republic as i 'm having now with the czech citizenship . 
  you 're not living here anymore . 
  you 're not paying taxes here . 
  what happens here does n't affect you so strongly anymore and as a result , you have less responsibility and also less interest in what kind of direction that country takes . 
  like it or not , you 're becoming less and less informed about what is going on in the country , because you do n't experience the everyday life here . 
   so what would the solution be ? 
  automatic citizenship by naturalization for foreigners that have been living in a country x for y number of years ? 
  that seems like a stretch honestly . 
  to be honest , i have grown more and more sceptical about the possibility of dual citizenship . 
  i think it should be open to kids , but adults should just choose . 
  when you are a citizen of a country , you should have a commitment to that country . 
  citizenship is n't something that should be gained out of convinience . 
  of course that does n't mean that there should be automatic naturalization . 
  people could still choose to live somewhere else as a foreigner as long as they fullfil all the criteria for living there legally . 
   you can love your new home country and your old one . 
  meh , that 's a nice phrase , but in reality it 's probably healthier if you choose . 
  you can still like your original country , but i think in general people need to belong somewhere and as we can see , it can be quite dangerous when people try to belong to two different places - often they end up not belonging anywhere . 
  it 's a different story when children are born to parents from different countries - in that case , dual citizenship makes sense , because it 's not like they chose to be born in those circumstances . 
  but when an adult person moves out and decides to stay in that different country , then he/she should accept the consequences of that decision . 
  if you move out to germany and decide to become german , than you just ca n't be a czech at the same time . 
  you can still have positive feelings towards the czech republic , but you just ca n't claim that you still have as close ties to the country as the citizens do . 
  kind of hard to tell , specially since within the eu people can just freely move , so at least in the czech republic , the ministry of labour or the ministry of foreign affairs do n't even have precise numbers on how many czech people work in which country , let alone what is their demographic situation ( age , education , gender etc. ), 
  in general i 'd say the czechs who emigrate tend to be more educated and their primary motivation is to work abroad or they want to join their foreign partner . 
  my perception is that relatively lot of them do come back , but i do n't really have any statistical data to back this statement , so it 's really just a perception . 
   what does the society think about them ? 
  i think the vast majority of the society do n't think about them at all . 
  i mean unless it 's someone from your family/friends circle , why should it concern people ? 
   what do you personally think about them ? 
  i really have no specific thoughts about them . 
  it 's their lives and they can do whatever they want with it . 
  if they feel that moving out is the best for them , then they should move . 
  why staying somewhere if they 're unhappy there ? 
  the only thing i do n't like is czechs who move out and then proceed to shit on the country at every given opportunity . 
  germans and austrians ... or from the historical point of view , we can say just germans , because back then , there was n't a distinctive austrian identity . 
  due to the geographical closeness and due to us being in various different state-like entities with them , we were under a lot of germanizing pressures and had to resist this pressure in order to keep our own identity and language . 
  however not everything in the czech-german and czech-austrian relations was bad . 
  it 's not like we were at war with them constantly . 
  nowadays i 'd say the relations are pretty good , mostly unproblematic . 
  germans are mostly seen either positively or neutraly , obviously with some negative stereotypes as well . 
  austrians are even more popular here , not as much as slovaks , but they 're definitely liked and respected . 
  that would be a problem if the eu was one country . 
  but it 's not . 
  no , there are citizens and then there are non-citizens . 
  there are no second-class citizens . 
  non-citizens from other eu countries receive special treatment and in many areas they have just as many rights as citizens . 
  but they do not have exactly the same rights - for example as you pointed out , they ca n't vote in the national elections . 
  i see nothing wrong with that . 
  people who just live in a foreign country , but do n't want to go through the naturalization process should n't be allowed to vote in that country . 
  afterall they are still foreigners in that country . 
  it should be difficult . 
  people who decide not go through with the process , because it 's too time-consuming , too much administrative hassle , there 's too many things to prove , likely do n't really have that much commitment to the country . 
  if they had the commitment , they would n't mind that they have to put real efforts to it . 
  citizenship is n't something that should be easily gained . 
  i 'm afraid that 's a mission impossible . 
  only an independent bavaria might have a chance . 
  some people prefer the czech republic , some people prefer czechia . 
  and some people , like me , do n't really care . 
  both terms are ok to use . 
  you know that there are non-muslims living in muslim-majority countries , right ? 
  there are atheists/agnostics living there , or people from lgbt communities , or women who are trying to get away from their oppressive families . 
  by issuing a total ban , you 're also banning all these people . 
   telling the turkish diaspora to have a lot of children , the recent election , calling germany and other nations naziistic this was just erdogan and other akp politicians talking shit because of the upcoming referendum . 
  the primary goal was to create us-vs-them atmosphere and mobilize more yes-voters . 
  in other words , the main target audience of these rants were actually turks at home or turks living abroad , not europeans . 
   as you know with all the threats towards europe from turkey to send in non-europeans , people do n't like to hear this , but turkey actually is n't obliged to keep non-turks from leaving turkey and heading to europe . 
  nor is turkey obliged to take these foreigners from us . 
  we made a deal with them and they promised to do this for us and in return they wanted ( apart from other things ) visa-free travel . 
  now it 's pretty clear that they 're not gon na get that . 
  thus we ca n't really be surprised if they decide to not keep their part of the agreement .
