   russia that is more dependent on the european energy market would have less ability to mess with the rest of europe , not more . 
  there is no one european market . 
   because germany has previously harmed its own interests in support of ee ? 
  the sanctions we put on after the ukraine invasion seriously hurt both german and french economy , despite the fact that for our ` national ' interest its utterly irrelevant if russia own eastern ukraine or crimea . 
  they might as well have it , why should we care ? 
  the ukrainian situation was extremely serious . 
  people are still dying there . 
  civilians too . 
  a plane full of dutch people was shot down . 
  it was a military invasion . 
  not acting at all would be like saying to russia that they can do whatever they want . 
  the moral imperative to act was also very strong . 
  that does n't mean that i do n't appreciate the german approach , i appreciate it very much , but that does n't mean i have full trust that germany would support ee against russia in all cases . 
   how does it matter if germany controls this ? 
  of course it matters , german-controlled energy policy will primarely reflect the interests of germany not of other countries . 
  energy blackmail is a different sort of crime . 
  it does n't have any direct victims . 
  thus there wo n't be any strong moral imperative to act . 
  and what if germany has a different more pro-russian government ? 
   its not actually about russia being a threat , its knee jerk reactions against germany 's percieved influence over european affairs . 
  well excuse me for not being excited about germany having too much influence in the eu . 
  this is nothing personal against germany , i would n't like it even if it was any other country . 
  the uk is leaving , france , italy and spain are ecomically weakened and in this specific case they would n't be any more supportive of the ee anyway . 
  this leaves germany too strong . 
  i would like it more if the eu was more balanced . 
  sorry about the wrong spelling  but i will hold my judgement about him when/if he becomes the chancellor or the fm . 
  for now i will remain sceptical . 
  spd has always been quite strongly russian-friendly . 
  as for ecb - i 'm not saying that it is controlled by germany , but that does n't mean there is n't a strong influence of germany . 
  the current balance of the eu simply works like that , germany is too strong . 
  and in the case of energy policy it 's even worse . 
  the biggest counter-balances - france , italy and spain - are n't any more likely to care abou ee 's energy security . 
  the uk which has always been quite supportive of ee position is leaving the eu . 
  this does n't make me very trusting of any future common eu energy policy . 
  our views will simply be totally under-represented . 
  well of course they have to involve the foreign companies so that it has real impact on russia . 
  that does n't mean those foreign companies are the primary target . 
  the primary target is russia and the goal is to retaliate against the interference . 
   so effectively they have n't actually done anything except things that amount to `` they hurt our feelings '' . 
  if you think having russia trying to destabilize our political scene and swaying public opinion , conducting massive espionage in our country and hacking attacks against our authorities is nothing , then i do n't know what to tell you . 
  our current very russian-friendly president was elected with the help of russian money . 
  so this is not some imagined influence , it has real impacts on my country . 
   more realistically its simply because they ca n't due to a lack of the necessary manpower , infrastructure , economy and political stability . 
  that was precisely my point . 
  they are n't doing more to us because they ca n't not because they do n't want to . 
  if circumstances changed then the danger from russia might become more serious . 
  ns2 is exactly one of these changed circumstances . 
  it gives russia more opportunities to hurt ee . 
  you on one hand ask why is ee worried about some hypothetical scenario and accuse us of paranoia but at the same time you admit that russian non-damaging behaviour towards us depends on their lack of capabilities not on their lack of interest to hurt us . 
  and with ns2 you want to give them more abilities . 
   but the soluton to that would be compromises like enacting a common eu energy policy , or building gas pipelines between germany and the ee countries to ensure that they will effectively pay the same price as germany or at least russia will become unable to raise prices for them without attacking germany because they can just buy it over germany then . 
  that would indeed be a nice solution , but where are any guarantees that it will work that way ? 
  where is the guarantee that germany will be really willing to hand over their energy policy to some supranational institution ? 
  and where is the guarantee that this institution wo n't be massively influenced by germany ? 
   would n't solidarity be to trust germany to use their economical leverage through being such a important energy trade partner with russia to ensure russia does n't try to pressure ee eu members that way ? 
  no , i really do n't think that it is solidarity to just put full trust in a country whose part of political scene is fairly pro-russian to help us secure our interests against russia . 
  why should ee trust germany on that ? 
   there is a conflict of interest here . 
  but yet , the eastern european countries only see their side of the issue and expect their interests get pandered to , but they seem utterly unwilling to consider that germany and austria and france etc. 
  also have interests worth taking into account . 
  its not western europe being selfish here . 
  i have specifically said in this thread that i understand your position . 
  you 're protecting your interests . 
  ee is protecting its interest as well . 
  you 're right that there is a conflict of interests here . 
  it 's completely normal that we defend our own position . 
   and it is possible to create a body to decide on that that is n't majorly impacted by germany 's stance . 
  independence is a thing . 
  do you actually believe that ? 
  because i really do n't . 
  it is simply not possible to create a body in the eu that wo n't be majorly impacted by germany precisely because germany just is major player in the eu . 
  now more than ever . 
   schulz is no russian-friendly politician . 
  he has been very critical of russia during his tenure as president of the european parliament and he has agreed with the sanctions on russia . 
  schultz was not russian-friendly because he was the head of the euro parliament . 
  now he is the head of the social democrats and those were always relatively pro-russian . 
  thus schultz will have to adjust his stance so that it resonates with spd voters and so that it is in line with the party attitude . 
  i do n't think that the primary goal is to hit german companies , i think the primary goal is to hit russian energy sector . 
  but obviously i do n't see in the heads of us senators so i ca n't know for sure . 
  at the same time , i do n't see it as likely that the senators would have the german companies as the main target - if this was trump 's initiative , i would n't have a problem believing that , since he 's clearly not germany 's fan , but this was not trump 's initiative . 
  hacking attacks . 
  financing propaganda channels that create disinformation campaigns . 
  verbal threats when any ee country agrees to any form of new military nato or us installations . 
  heavy espionage activities . 
  in addition to that russia has always tried to work to prevent us from joining nato or the eu . 
  the fact that russia did n't do anything `` big '' is n't because they did n't want to , but because they could n't , since we used the time when they were really weak to join the western structures , so by the time they managed to restore some of their strength , we were already in nato . 
  you can see what happens when an ee country that is n't in nato has a disagreement with russia on the case of ukraine . 
  unfortunately russia simply never changed their mode of behaviour since cw except for a short period in the 90s . 
  and even that was more forced by the circumstances than voluntary . 
  oh come on , we all know who has the most influence in the eu . 
  in the vast majority of cases the eu position is more or less the same as german position . 
  with merkel as the chancellor i would at least have a solid faith that she wo n't get completely cosy with russia , but schultz or someone else from his party ? 
  ee can not expect any support against russia from them . 
  and yeah , russia is obliged to sent certain amount of gas to you which they would ... and that 's the point . 
  they could send enough to you and not enough to ee . 
  then you could revert some of it to us but that would mean that you would n't have enough for yourself . 
  this is extremely misguided view that ee wants to antagonize russia for the sake of antagonizing russia . 
  nobody has more to gain from friendly russia than ee . 
  russia is still a threat primarely to ee , so if this threat was no longer there , it would be awesome . 
  at the same time most of ee is also more wary about russia , because russia simply does n't show any signs that it could exhibit friendly relations to us .
