  mena migrants will always choose germany over us . 
  oh , come on , we all know that eastern europe does n't have the soft power nor the hard power to actually push through our view of migration policy . 
  appeal to the people in the western europe ? 
  like how exactly ? 
  none of our countries have a very good reputation there , or at best we 're just irrelevant to the mainstream western european society . 
  the opinion of the western europeans ( at least from the outside perspective ) is shifting either way , with or without our help , but still , it would be silly to rely on the public opinion . 
  public opinion can change , can be manipulated , or politicians can choose to ignore it from time to time . 
  and even if western europeans adopted a harsh stance on migration and politicians like juncker respected that , why should we assume that they would be against quotas , too ? 
  all the migrants want to go to the western europe anyway , so it would be perfectly logical if the western public actually was in favour of quotas , because it would mean they would ( at least theoretically ) get rid of a big part of them . 
  if we gave up the control of our migration policy , we would not be able to reverse that decision , ever . 
  and we ca n't possibly know how the eu will decide to handle the next big crisis , we can only be sure that if the migration policy is on the eu-level , we might be able to influence it a little bit , but definitely not enough to actually push our view . 
  some `` fair sharing of the burden '' is guarenteed to be in there , if it 's in the hands of the eu . 
  and to be honest , there 's really no ambition to push our view elsewhere in the europe anyway . 
  if anyone in the eastern europe had both the ambition and capabilities to actually play a major role in the eu , it was the previous polish government , which is now gone . 
  czechs , slovaks and hungarians ? 
  we do n't want to tell western europeans what their migration policy should be , we just want to be able to keep ours . 
  do n't you mind explaining why is south africa going downhill ? 
  i 'm genuinely interested , we do n't get a lot of information about it here . 
  our politicians basically want to have their cake and eat it too . 
  they would like a stronger commission when it comes to security matters , but a weaker commission when it comes to migration , because they feel like the mood in the council is shifting against the mandatory quotas , while the commission would probably still like to push for it . 
  on the contrary , federalists like juncker will for sure be in favour of further security integration , whereas several member states are likely to be against it . 
  so it 's not really inconsistent , it 's more of a selective approach , they want to shift the power on the pan-european level in certain areas , while keep it on the national level in other areas . 
  drunk or not , the more important thing is that his campaign was sponsored by russian money . 
  ok , i get that you do n't like the idea of an eu army , but what you 're saying is just not true , a common eu army actually has quite a lot of support among europeans , czechs included at least according to the latest [ eurobarometr ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/commfrontoffice/publicopinion/index.cfm/survey/getsurveydetail/instruments/standard/surveyky/2098 ) that asked this question , which was the one from 2015 autumn . 
  in the case of the czech republic , it was 57 % in favour and 38 % against , the rest did n't know . 
  granted , some people answering these questions might not give it a lot of thought and might not imagine what would having a common army actually mean , so they might switch their position when confronted with reality , but to say that there 's absolutely no support for it in the czech republic is simply incorrect . 
  just a small correction . 
  our figure head president is in favour of it , the pm and the foreign minister are against it . 
  sorry , but i have no idea what you 're saying . 
  is this about your turkish minority or what ? 
  there is a difference between an unemployment rate and employment rate though . 
  also eurostat counts everyone aged 20-34 who finished school 1-3 years prior that as a recent graduate and since many people nowadays finish school at around 25 , it 's logical that a significant number of women will have their first kid shortly after that and then they often spend 3 years at home with the child , so they 're not unemployed , but also not in employment . 
  we have the biggest gender gap for employment rate in the entire eu . 
  so you do n't see the young unemployed people sitting in cafes , because it 's mostly young women 25-30 on their parental leave who skew the employment rate . 
  apart from the reasons others already pointed out , i would add that we have a really big differences in the employment rates for males and females , which is then dragging down the overall average rate . 
  the male employment ratio was 90.3 % , while for females it was 75 % . 
  looking at eurostat statistics , no other country has such a big difference and i guess it has a lot to do with our generous 3 years paid parental leave , which some female university graduates decide to go on right after leaving college , so they 're effectively out of the labour market for at least 2 years - probably these statistics count them as neither in education , training or employment , but since they 're taking care of a small child , i would not really call them unemployed , since they 're not looking for a job . 
  oh , i understand the differences between the current electoral system and the one you would prefer having . 
  i also see that when i said that the current one is already pan-european , it was a bit of a strech - what i meant was that the elections take place everywhere in the eu , so from a geographical point of view , they sort of are pan-european ( well ignoring the fact that eu \u2260 europe ) . 
  i agree that the fact that one can only vote for national politicians is not exactly helping in pushing for more europe-wide agenda , but i would disagree that it leads to the mps being purely bound by national interests . 
  i think they emphasize the national interests during the campaign ( well at least here in my country ) , but once they 're elected , they kinda go off the radar , they join the ideological groups in the parliament and vote more according to that than according to the national interests . 
  what i see as the main problem with the form that you 're suggesting is that i 'm not sure if the citizenry is , as you said , ready to interact with it . 
  it 's already pretty difficult to get people to vote in the parliament election in the first place , so how can you expect them to make the effort to learn about candidates from all other eu countries , instead of going with someone they 're already familiar with ? 
  second of all , there 's still a language barrier for many people , not everyone speaks fluent english . 
  i see that tv debates can be dubbed/with subtitles , but the possibility to interact with the candidates is very limited for the people who do n't speak their language , the same goes for the politicians - someone from latvia might find it very difficult to be able to reach out to people , say , in portugal . 
  the eu is still not a country , like it or not , so for czechs , someone from germany is a foreigner , and even though we rant about our own politicians all the time , we wo n't trust someone from germany more than we would trust a local and i think this is still the mindset of most europeans . 
  also people often complain the elections are more and more about how much money candidates can spend on the campaign and that would only get worse with this system - only the biggest parties with the most money could afford to run campaigns in all 27 eu countries . 
  so while i see the problems with the current system , i still think it makes sense to have the main ideological groups in the parliament represented by national parties in each country . 
  yeah sure , it leads to having too much emphasis on the national interests during the campaign , but that does n't necessarily prevent the mps to work as an effective european force once they are in their positions . 
  i think the current form of the eu elections , even if imperfect , is already pan-european - it takes places everywhere in the eu and there are main european political parties and blocs with different representatives in each country . 
  for having eu-wide political parties with only one set of candidates for all member countries , you would need a totally different level of integration - eu would actually have to be a real federation for that to work effectively , and that 's just not happening any time soon . 
   a nice side effect will be that people will want better eu supervision in that case , which will put pressure on the council to agree to electoral reform . 
  what kind of reform do you mean ? 
  thanks for the detailed reply . 
  i still have quite a lot of doubts that eu army could act as a real deterrent in the baltics against russia , even if there 's legislation in place similar to the nato article 5 . 
  i think many countries would still find a way to not get involved if there was any risk of conflict with russia and i 'm absolutely certain that france would not put its nukes under the eu command . 
  but i suppose it 's still better than nothing . 
  a year ago , i would probably say that eu army is completely useless , since we have nato , nowadays given the development in the us , i 'm less sure , so at least some sort of military unity would be a step in the right direction i guess . 
   we 're most likely not going to see some eu army to completely replace national ones , but one that - just like the new frontex - is strong enough to go there where it is needed to supplement the national ones . 
  that is perfectly viable , and it serves as the intitial organisation which can be extended with more resources in times of crisis . 
  this sounds nice , but i 'm not sure how it would work in reality - who would command such an army ? 
  if there 's some common structure of command not dependent on the national governments , who will choose the people in charge ? 
  and what if the common command structure orders a mission that some national governments wo n't agree with ? 
  or what if it 's the other way around - some national governments will want the army to intervene somewhere , but the leadership of the army wo n't agree with that . 
  overall , i think there are still many obstacles , definitely not just small details that need to be polished . 
  i guess there 's enough political will in the eu to create some sort of peacekeeping units , doing uncontroversial non-combatant jobs , but we 're still very far away from having a real , effective army that could actually be a tough opponent to russia . 
   in the last few months i saw a lot of anti-romanian vibe represented in comments and posts . 
  really ? 
  i did n't notice that . 
  perhaps there 's some occasional anti-eastern european sentiment , but i did n't notice anything specificaly aimed at romania . 
   if you would have the chance would you kick out romania out of the eu of course not , even just the idea is totally absurd and unacceptable to me . 
  romania is part of the eu , end of story . 
   it was one of the biggest , most certainly . 
  well you call it a disaster , but for us it was that moment when the evil foreign power that brought so much misery here finally collapsed . 
  i understand that for some people living within the soviet union , it brought a lot of poverty and suffering , but it in the satellite states it has completely different connotations , so please try to understand that from our perspective calling it a disaster is very sensitive , because it sounds as if it was something that should not have happened , which rings warning bells here - it 's as if you tried to suggest that soviets losing their power over us was a bad thing . 
   it took stalin to deport them , and even he did n't butcher them in same amounts . 
  instead he did what he did to many other peoples that he viewed as `` enemies of the state '' . 
  he deported them to siberia , since he needed cheap labour there . 
  sorry , but how is what i said patently false , when stalin infact took the non-russian population and deported them to siberia ? 
  i did n't say he butchered them , i said he removed them , which is true , he did remove them to siberia . 
   personally i would argue against both crimea and kosovo , simply because i think they set an awful precedent under international law . 
  i agree , both should have been handled differently . 
  but one wrong action does n't give anyone the right to do another wrong action . 
  and in the case of russia , annexation of crimea is not even the only thing they did , they are arming rebels in the eastern ukraine , destabilizing the country and causing more deaths and suffering . 
  could n't agree more . 
  even if all goes relatively fine in our country , it will still take another few generations to fully recover from what they did here . 
  this is something that 's very hard to forgive even if russia showed some remorse , which is not even the case . 
   putin is a communist ? 
  do you realise that russia actually has a communist party , that is the largest opposition party ? 
  yeah , i realize that putin is not a member of the communist party , that does n't mean he does n't have the `` eastern europe is our sphere of influence '' mentality . 
  he himself stated that he considers the dissolution of soviet union to be the biggest geopolitical catastrophe of the 20th century , he is also trying to prevent georgia and ukraine from getting closer with the west to the extent that he supplies both weapons and soldiers to the eastern ukraine with the result of thousands of deaths and i have no doubts that if he could he would like to restore the soviet union back to its former position . 
  the crimean issue is indeed pretty complicated , i can see that majority of people may prefer to be formally in russia , but that is not that surprising since russians did their best to make the areas as russian as possible by forcibly removing all other nationalities . 
  even if we were to accept that people in crimea should have the right to decide that they want to be a part of russia , we can not accept how this whole thing happened , when russia decided to completely ignore international law and violate ukraine 's sovereignity by sending troops to crimea . 
  well with russia it 's more complicated . 
  obviously i realize that the decision was made by their government , not the ordinary people , however when you sometimes look at russian public opinion polls , you can see that vast majority of russians approve putin 's actions and probably believe all the crap russian state tv says about the invasion . 
  they are also very nostalgic about their old fallen empire and go as far as proclaiming a monster like stalin a great leader . 
  there is something very disturbing about the average russian mentality , which seems to think that they have some natural right to rule over eastern europe . 
  i know that russian people lived and continue to live under propaganda in russia and i know that the soviet regime was very brutal to its own people as well , so i obviously do n't put the main blame at the people , but how are we supposed to feel when we see these ordinary russians celebrating the annexation of crimea ? 
  it 's not possible to ignore that russian leaders often have the support of their population behind them . 
  gosh , i really hope this is a hypothetical question .
