  the impression that you are unwilling to accept proposals that hurt yourself a bit for the greater good is n't that remote in my opinion given your acting . 
  you 're probably not aware of this , but it was n't all `` happily united europe '' after 89 . 
  first of all , western europe was n't even sure if they wanted us at first , the country making the first step in the accesion talks was the us . 
  after deciding that they will integrate us , we were negotiating the first trade agreements . 
  obviously we were in the weak position here , so it was n't that surprising that the sectors which we were strong at at that point were not included , because you wanted to protect your markets , we signed the agreements even if they were more profitable for you than for us . 
  the affected sectors then went belly up in the 90s , but we sucked it up , since anything that would get us closer to the west was worth it . 
  i was actually born in the 90s and i was too little to remember anything and also the cz is not the best example , since the transition times were not as turbulent here , but in other ee countries , where the shock therapy was applied , people had to be very patient before it got better , because at first it sucked big time for the ordinary people . 
  so yes , we did have to make sacrifices , it was n't all good generous west trying to help us , you were looking out for your interests very closely and also managed to buy most of the things that were worth something during the privatization times . 
  of course i 'm not trying to say that we were victims or anything , we were doing this with the expectation that it will pay off eventually and well , the eu funds are one way through which it pays off now . 
   the impression that you are unwilling to accept proposals that hurt yourself a bit for the greater good is n't that remote in my opinion given your acting . 
  well you said it yourself , everyone is pretty much unwilling to accept proposals that hurt you , including germany when you were asked by italy to do something years ago . 
  in this specific case though , i think it 's not just that the politicians really do n't want any refugees at all , it 's also that they fear the reactions of the public . 
  look at the reactions of the eastern germany and then imagine that your whole country consisted of eastern germany . 
  in this public climate , the politicians have their hands tied and honestly i 'm also worried more about the reactions of our public than about the impacts of having a few thousands of refugees here . 
  having the western europe being mad at us suck , but following hungary 's or poland 's development would suck even more . 
   accepting refugees is not exactly foreign policy . 
  or is it ? 
  it is somewhat a mixed policy area . 
  nobody expects you to `` please '' western europe , but showing a little cooperation would be nice . 
  nobody ever expected your countries to follow germanys or swedens path in this regard . 
  the proposed numbers were certainly not too high . 
  well the latest commission 's proposal would mean that there wo n't be any numbers at all , it would just trigger automatic relocation every time there is a crisis with no upper limit at all . 
  but otherwise yep , as i already said , we should contribute more . 
  if not from the humanitarian point of view , than at least from the pragmatic point of view - western europe in trouble means we will eventually get in trouble as well . 
   and by the way : you are shaping eu foreign policy as well - look at the sanctions on russia for example . 
  if by `` you '' you mean eastern europe , than yeah , to some extent , also the us heavily supports the sanctions policy as well , so did the brits , so it 's not just us . 
  although in this case it 's different , i do n't see the western public getting super hysterical at the notion of russian sanctions , so it 's not so hard for you to accept this , even if it does n't concern you as closely as estonia for example . 
  yep . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , they did n't extradited that person ( i think it was a female actually ) , so no punishment . 
  probably the evidence was not as strong as in this case , when it was just pretty much clear that he did that . 
   when you manage to secure the routes now , you wo n't have to worry about them in the future . 
  well you can manage them now , when the number of people on move are still at least somehow managable , but that does n't mean these arrangements will work when the next big crisis hit us . 
  but yeah , you 're right that there are a lot of things that we ca n't realisticaly do anything about , so i should probably stop ranting about the long term prospects of mena . 
  it 's just that it 's frustrating to see the eu celebrating the little steps ( wohoo , we have finally managed to give frontex more money ) , while the roots of the problems are still here and are not going anywhere . 
  but as you have mentioned we have other issues now , so we will again ignore all of this until it once again blows up in our faces and then we will again do more damage control , until that it is no longer sustainable and we will eventually have to do large scale version of australian migration policy anyway . 
  and sorry , i know i 'm ranting again , i will stop now , i promise . 
   this is not a problem europe can fix . 
  we can advocate the spreading of preservatives and provide sex ed in these countries , but not much more . 
  we can not force other people to have less children . 
  girls education . 
  that is the key . 
  once you give the women a chance to make other life choices that simply becoming a wife and a mother at the age of 16 or so , you pretty much always get less kids as a result . 
  of course it 's easier said than done . 
   i am pretty certain that people will stay in such a scenario . 
  i 'm not that certain . 
  i think some ( if not most ) will decide to live illegally in the western europe within their communities . 
  alternatively they will rather go home . 
  of course we wo n't know for sure until ( and if ) this actually gets implemented . 
   by the way , we also sent some people back into one of the v4 countries ( ca n't remember which one ) . 
  well it 's not us , you still have `` our '' iraqis . 
  they will probably be send here eventually though . 
   you have to understand that it is tremendously important for the western european governments . 
  it is not exactly benefitial for you if the populace in the other countries gets the `` they take our money but are not willing to show solidarity '' impression . 
  that 's why i said symbolic gestures are required . 
  i know i promised i wo n't rant again , but gosh , i ca n't stand this narrative , as if the eu funds are some charity and as if the western europe is not getting anything in return for the tiny fractions of their gni which they give to the eu cohesion funds . 
  and if we really wanted to play the blame game here , then we could also remind the germans that before ww2 we were on the same level like austria and we would have never been in this receiving position , had they not started the war and had the western allies not thrown eastern europe under the bus in munich and yalta ( i know , it 's a long time ago , it 's a dick move to mention it , but so is the suggestion that we now have the duty to accept anything western europe proposes , because you guys gave us some money ) . 
  do n't get me wrong , as i said , i would have nothing against taking a few thousands of refugees , but this interpretation that we should do it otherwise we 're ungrateful is just wrong on so many levels . 
  up until now we have rebeled against exactly zero eu policy , the main foreign policy goal of pretty much the entire eastern europe in the 90s was to make the west happy , so that we could get in nato and eu . 
  when we got in nato and eu the next goal was to show that we 're also `` good europeans '' . 
  basically keeping the relations with the west as good as possible was always the number one priority . 
  then one controversial topic appears on which we do n't agree and suddenly we 're disgusting xenophobic hellholes . 
  if the populations in western european countries have this impression , then it 's sad , but what can we do really . 
  i would of course be happy if we did n't have a shitty reputation in the western europe , on the other hand i do n't want our foreign policy to be shaped only based on what will or wo n't please western europe . 
   that 's yet another term that is frequently used by the v4 governments ... yet their actions fall significantly short . 
  none of your countries has come close to doing their fair share when it comes to providing money for the camps in the region . 
  i have read the report and you 're absolutely right , we should contribute more and there 's really no excuse for that other than the fact that our people are way more against spending any money on these matters than your people ... but then that 's still not an excuse , the politicians should be able to do unpopular decisions as well and since they 're unwilling to take migrants , they should spend money on the refugee camps instead . 
  it 's unjustifiable that they do n't do that . 
  i 'm also no expert on the us , this is just how czech media informed about this case when he was still held in the us - check out [ this article ] ( http://zpravy.idnes.cz/vydani-ctyrnasobneho-vraha-dahlgrena-z-usa-f28-/krimi.aspx?c=a130524_180632_krimi_klm ) , it 's mentioned in the second last paragraph . 
  it 's not possible . 
  he actually managed to escape back to the us immediately after commiting the crime and apparently the us law can not sentence a person for a crime that happened outside of the jurisdiction of the us . 
  so we asked for him to be extradited and if this was refused , he would have ended up with no punishment at all even when the evidence was just overwhelmingly against him . 
  luckily the us courts agreed with extradition , which is kind of rare , the us normally does n't hand over their citizens , though in this case the crime was so serious that they probably decided to make an exception . 
   this wo n't open up the borders however . 
  our # 1 target in this regard has to be stablizing libya because it is the # 1 gate for continuous arrivals in europe ( aka lampedusa ) . 
  if the united libyan government manages to put the country and the coasts back under control ( with european help probably ) , we will be somewhat safe from large waves of refugees . 
  yeah , but you 're talking about the next few months or years . 
  and even in this time period , we ca n't be sure that we will secure libyan coast . 
  even if we do secure libyan coast , new routes might appear . 
  the turkey deal could stop working , with all that 's going on , it 's actually pretty likely , since i really do n't see the eu lifting visa requirements on turks atm . 
  but anyway , i was talking more about the long term prospects . 
  we might be able to stop the migration for a couple of years . 
  but what is going to happen in the next few decades when the climate changes hit the region hard ? 
  in the meantime they still have too many kids , even though the region already suffers from water scarcity , food dependency and high youth uneployment . 
  politicaly the region is not getting any better , turkey is turning islamist , syria and iraq are destroyed beyond repair and just wait when the us withdraws from afghanistan , that 's gon na be another shitshow . 
  add million of young men having no jobs and thus no prospect to get married ... i do n't want to sound alarmist , but this all seems like a recipe for disaster . 
  but maybe i 'm just being too negative . 
   while i think that eastern europe should take at least some refugees under the resettlement programmes ( even if it is only a symbolic amount , let 's say a few thousand people ) i would be fine with that , however our only attempt at taking refugees directly from iraq turned out to be a pr disaster , since most of them either left to germany or back to iraq . 
  so yeah ... kind of makes no sense to waste resources on few thousands of them so that we can get pat on the back from western europeans , only to see the people leaving at the first chance they get . 
  i mean we might get rid of the `` hate brown people '' label , but then i do n't really care that much about what other people think of us , i care about practical solutions and working as a travel agency for iraqi refugees on their way to germany is not really practical for us . 
  it 's just a waste of money that could have been used to finance the refugee camps in jordan/lebanon . 
   but in the end , this discussion is irrelevant anyways as there are hardly any new arrivals ( talking about maybe 100 people a day ) . 
  might be irrelavent now , but looking at the demographic , climate and political prospects of mena i have a feeling that it will be relevant again in the future . 
  the entire region is full of time bombs waiting to explode , only we do n't know when it 's gon na happen and we 're too weak to dismantle them before it 's too late . 
  but anyway , i do n't want to argue with you on the negative marketing , you seem like you have done much more research on it than me , so i will trust your judgement . 
  as i said i was more tongue-in-cheek when i said you should convince them that your country is horrible . 
  i actually do n't know enough to be able to give some insightful advice to western european countries on what they should do in this messy situation and i think pretty much no one in the eastern europe can . 
  we have been trying to integrate our roma minority for decades with little luck . 
  same goes for baltic countries and their russian minority . 
  so as long as you do n't try to force your policy on the entire eu , you guys do whatever you think is best . 
  it 's your country afterall .
