  and for what ? 
  for nothing , the system is broken and everyone knows it , the migrants are not going to stay here . 
  it was a joke obviously . 
  i do n't seriously propose to throw someone from a window , 
  it 's not so much fun for me , when there 's a risk that zeman will get re-elected precisely because of this issue . 
  but yeah , i can see that po has a personality-split on this . 
  in the czech republic , it 's not really the case , because all mainstream parties are against the quotas . 
  the really genuine refugees are those that stayed in refugee camps in the middle east . 
  we tried taking those as a part of a resettlement programme and once we transfered them here , they left to germany . 
  poland has done the same thing . 
  they left to germany as well . 
  how long will it take before people from the western europe understand that the refugees have no actual interest in staying in our countries ? 
  yes , i know , the commission is selective in what rules they 're more likely to enforce . 
  of course it 's easier to bully cee countries around than germany or france . 
  i know , it 's also the reason why zeman ( our president ) has such a strong support in the czech republic . 
  i have no doubts that he will play this as much as possible in the next presidential elections . 
  it will also boost orb\u00e1n 's support . 
  the commission is doing all it can to fuck up our politics while at the same time complaining how fucked up our politics is . 
  the migration agenda is handled by a greek guy ( and i do n't blame him for not wanting to have refugees dumped in his country , but this solution is just totally stupid ) . 
  the president of the commission is from luxembourg and the vice-president from netherlands . 
  and let 's not kid ourselves , western european states just have way more influence in the eu institutions , that 's just how it is . 
  also , ee is not united enough on this . 
  nobody likes it , but only v4 is willing to take a tough stance on this , becase other ee countries are reluctant to threaten their ties with we . 
  i do n't blame them , we ( v4 ) used to be like this as well , just doing whatever we told us , because the relationship always was that we needed we more than we needed us . 
  however this time it 's different , because this is an issue that our public really cares about , which is putting a lot of pressure on our politicians to resist the plan . 
  and i 'm glad that someone is at least saying it how it is , because it just needs to be told - the plan is stupid and it does n't work . 
  the commission is praising its success , how they already managed to relocate 18k people , while everyone knows that the people just do n't stay in their assigned countries , but somehow we 're supposed to pretend as if it was n't happening . 
  just so that we can say that ` solidarity ' was achieved . 
  nothing was fixed , but we all showed how much we care about italy and greece , so now we can feel good about ourselves and proudly announce our success at a press conference . 
  and those who are not taking part in this great plan need to be taken to court and fined , because it 's obviously them who are spoiling our great common goal . 
  screw that . 
  i hope my country stays away from any eu-wide common migration policy as far as possible . 
   we must instead punish the current producers punish them ? 
  i do n't consider forcing them to stop using misleading labeling as punishment . 
  if they sell two different products in the single market under the same looking label , that 's a misleading practice and it should be stopped . 
  and second of all , how do you create a competition on a market where the western companies already hold the vast majority of its share ? 
  the free market is n't some magic formula that just fixes all problems on its own . 
  when a few companies hold the vast majority of the market and there is a problem that they refuse to address , they need to be regulated from a higher authority , otherwise they 'll never do it on their own . 
  they already made it into the eu law , so now the commission has to force us to comply with it ( or get fined ) otherwise they 'll look weak for not implementing their own laws . 
  whether the law itself is useful is of secondary importance to the commission . 
  i just ca n't wait for the commission to complain how polish or hungarian government disregard the rule of law , while at the same time giving kaczynski and orb\u00e1n the perfect ammunition to rally their people against the eu . 
   it 's not my job to fix the problem for you no , it 's not your job , it should be eu 's job to make sure that producers do n't sell totally different products under the same exact label in the single market . 
  or do you think no market regulations should exist ? 
  the western-owned supermarkets basically have a monopoly in the czech republic . 
  there are some farmers ' markets and other alternative options , but you ca n't buy all sorts of products there and as i said , many people ca n't afford to shop there regularely . 
  they do n't have any other option than to buy food in supermarkets . 
  your advice to them is basically - stop buying food . 
  so what are czech customers supposed to do when they want to buy a can of tuna ? 
  it 's not like we have our own producers of tuna . 
  what the supermarket offer is often the only thing available to many people living in smaller towns . 
  big cities have some organic/bio shops , but ordinary people just can not afford to shop there on daily bases . 
  and this does n't just apply to tuna . 
  there are many products that simply do n't have a better alternative , so your choice is to buy a crap or not buy anything . 
  did you even read the article ? 
  the producers sell their products often for a higher price here than they do in germany . 
  ca n't say i 'm too sad about that . 
  germany can have them if they want them so badly . 
   that is the subliminal effect . 
  omg , you indoctrinated me !, 
  lol , i did n't even realize that it 's your nickname :d, 
   they do n't follow them ? 
  they lose their rights and get kicked out . 
  it 's against the law to return people to places where they 're in danger . 
  ec would eat us alive if we tried to deport people to syria or eritrea . 
  if they did that , i would suggest that we invite the entire european commission to prague under a false flag of a celebration of the common asylum/migration policy and then we defenestrate them all . 
  that is how we solve problems here in the czech republic . 
  that would only work if they actually were willing to stay here long enough to enroll in language courses . 
  what i think is gon na happen is that they will just leave as soon as possible . 
  it 's really a short ride to germany , they just have to hop on a train or a bus and in a few hours they 're there . 
  our central bank did n't ` give ' the money to anyone , they bought euros with them and this kept the crown artificially low . 
  those euros are now in the reserves of the central bank , so the money is not lost . 
  it 's a completely different thing . 
  i just really do n't want us to pay fines because of this . 
  i mean the last time the commission talked about it , they even proposed 250k euro for one untaken refugee . 
  so for 3000 people , that would be 750 million euro . 
  that 's really not such an insignificant amount . 
  yes , i 'm worried about that as well . 
  on the other hand if we say `` no '' we will likely be taken to court and we do n't know how big the fines are going to be . 
  i do n't want my country to waste money because of this ridiculous scheme . 
  just take them , put them in an open camp and explain to them how to get to the nearest bus or train station . 
  problem solved , they will be out of the country the next day and we wo n't have to pay fines . 
  you do n't have to tell me about it , the public opposition is also the main reason why my country or sweden do n't want to join eurozone . 
  only in our case and the swedish case , i do n't think anything about that is going to change with time . 
  more likely scenario in the czech case is that the government will just try to push it through without public consent , but even that is uncertain . 
  we may just stay out in a same way denmark and sweden are . 
   and thank you for the above not on the erm , amongst the rest of this thread it 's nice to see someone not just calling scotland arrogant and deceptive while understanding jackshit . 
  some people just do n't like that the current rules enable countries to decide whether and when to join the eurozone . 
  but i do n't see how that 's scotland 's problem , you guys should just decide based on what you think is best for scotland , be it staying in the uk , leaving the uk and joining efta , leaving the uk and joining the eu but not eurozone or joining the eu and joining eurozone eventually . 
  the same rules should apply to you just like to any other member country . 
  do n't let it bother you that some people are like `` hurr , durr , you have to accept euro immediately , or else fuck off '' . 
   if you disagree , then let 's agree to disagree . 
  but this is really not a matter of opinion . 
  you just clearly do n't know how the eu adopts new laws . 
  the european council that tusk is the head of , did n't even vote on the legislative proposal . 
  it was the council of the european union , that consists of minister of the member states ( in this case it was interior ministers ) . 
  you can see that it became a part of the european law on 22nd september in 2015 : http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=oj:jol_2015_239_r_0011 this is when it became legally binding . 
  the conclusions of the european council are not legal acts . 
   i 'd say it 's the opposite , what you provided was just the `` first reading '' of the proposed legislative act . 
  the decision to approve the plan was taken in february 2016 that just is n't true . 
  it was first reading yes , but legislative decisions can be taken in first reading .
