   the only way this is possible is to sacrifice schengen , as internal borders have been abolished . 
  is that what you 'd like ? 
  at this point i 'd just like my government not to a write a blank cheque in a situation where we have no idea how many people will try to reach europe in the next few years , let alone decades . 
  few thousands of refugees are fine . 
  limitless number of refugees and thus potentionally risking creating brussels and paris style closed communities is not . 
  schengen is a great thing , but i would rather be without it if it meant we could keep control over how many people come to my country . 
   those interested in country-shopping will be indistinguishable from those who are n't . 
  your solution is `` liars shuold tell the truth '' . 
  well they wo n't , and that 's what the actual solution is about . 
  are they really indistinguishable though ? 
  because it seems like majority of them are not trying to hide their motivation at all . 
  but otherwise yes , you have a point here , i guess there would be some trying the play the system and pretend like they 're interested and then they would try to leave the country asap . 
   this agenda has been delegated to the eu years ago , unequivocally and unanonimously , by the member states . 
  well , that 's great , but the people here do n't agree with it . 
  you can pretend like it is no big deal that the commission wants to go directly against the wishes of the people just because member countries signed something under different circumstances years ago , but it is a big deal . 
  you ca n't just ignore it , unless you 're ready to completely alienate people in several member countries and possibly risk that eu will fall apart . 
  like hungary is about to have a referendum about the quota and if the people say no , then what will the commission do ? 
  say openly that they do n't give a shit about what hungarian people want ? 
   the answer against euro-scepticism ca n't be that the eu stops working because that would just proof the prejudice that the eu is useless and increase resentment even more . 
  you 're making it sound like it 's either relocation or complete inactivity . 
  which is a nonsense . 
  there are many other things eu can do , relocation is not the only possible solution . 
  relocation actually solves absolutely nothing in the long term . 
  arguably it solves nothing in the short term as well , since the refugees are likely to do everything they can to avoid staying in countries where they do n't want to stay . 
  many will prefer to rather stay in germany and sweden within their community illegally than for example in latvia . 
  staying there illegally will lead them on a criminal path , since they wo n't be able to work or get any benefits . 
  i would support sharing refugees who are really willing to come to my country and thus have at least some chance to integrate . 
  without them having the interest to come here , it makes no sense . 
  i get that people from western europe , specially from countries with external borders want this . 
  but it will not help anyone in the long term . 
  no one will be happy , the refugees will be pissed , v4 countries will be pissed , germans will be pissed as well because they will still have to deal with migrants trying to get there and staying illegally and ultimately greek and italians will be pissed as well , because if the eu focuses on how to solve the consequences and not the causes , the migrants will not stop coming until even the very open countries like germany and sweden say enough . 
   according this poll 79 % of all eu citizens want a ` fair distribution ' and 70 % want countries refusing to `` receive less money '' . 
  well , guess what , i also want us to get less money . 
  eu funds skew the free market , are often wasted on useless projects and encourage corruption . 
  if the eu wants to cut the funds for us , it 's fine by me . 
  for all i care , they can take the money and finance useful projects in our neighbourhoods to prevent future crisis from happening . 
  if we could contribute to the solution of the crisis in this way , that would be great . 
  essentially the effect would be similar to a fine , it would be just called differently - you know - like changed budget priorities or whatever . 
  unfortunately the commission pr 's skills when it comes to eastern europe are exactly zero . 
  they 're pushing people here against the eu with their arrogant behaviour . 
  until recently most people could n't care less that there is such a thing as majority decision making in the eu . 
  now more and more people lose their faith in the eu . 
  and again , all this for very uncertain results at best . 
  i do n't want to get too much into the fedaration vs economic union debate , but just briefly - i do n't think majority of the people in the west are ready for this , let alone people in the eastern europe . 
  until we get to the point where most people are ready for it , migration policy should stay in the hands of the national governments . 
  the only way is to prevent the migrants from coming to eu in the first place . 
  balkan route is now closed and if the deal with turkey works , then we can start focusing on north african countries and make similar deals with them . 
  we should send patrol boats to the african coast and try to catch the boats while they 're still not in the eu waters . 
  yes , the coast is huge , much bigger than in the case of greece and turkey and the current government in libya does n't have the whole country under control , so we will never manage to prevent all the migrants from coming . 
  so from those who do come , we must carefully select only these who have valid asylum claim and send the rest of them back ( again we need to have deals with their home countries ) . 
  that should be a majority of them ( last year most of the migrants coming to italy were people from north africa who are not genuine refugees ) . 
  people who are already here and are now stuck in greece and people who will come to italy or to other places in eu and will have a valid claim can be relocated under the one-time plan which was already approved in september . 
  but only the ones who will do so willingly and who will express a genuine interest in going to alocated countries . 
  only some 1500 out of 160 000 have been relocated so far , so there is still enough space for people who are genuinely willing to go to any eu country . 
  people not willing to go to any country would not be allowed to continue anywhere and would stay in a refugee camp in the first country to make it clear that country-shopping is not acceptable . 
  at the same time , eu should be much more active in trying to improve the living conditions in mena countries , not just by throwing money at these countries and screaming `` control your people '' , but by actually trying to help to address the issues there similarely to how we are trying to help balkan countries , ukraine and moldova through the eastern partnership . 
  if we actually did this , than there would not even be a reason to push for pernament quotas in the first place . 
  treathening countries with fines is also totally counter-productive . 
  migration policy should be something to stay in the hands of national governments , trying to push for eu wide asylum system is going directly against the wish of people from several countries and trying to buldozer the way through it might make more damage than the whole migration crisis alone . 
   a positive side-effect is also showing that the eu can work without unanimous decisions . 
  i mean , this deal was only opposed by four small eu-countries , so i would n't take the politicians whining now too serious . 
  they 're essentially powerless to do anything about that . 
  yes , that 's a great positive effect , it demonstrates that if you 're small , you will have to do what the big players tell you to . 
  that 's really a great precedent to just buldozer your way through in a such sensitive area as immigration . 
  specially since these small powerless countries have an overwhelming support of their population in this decision and agreeing with quotas would be a political suicide in this region . 
  so the eu is not just saying fuck you to the governments , it is also saying fuck you to the people and this creates a big resentment . 
  do n't know if you noticed , but euro-skeptic parties are on the rise everywhere in europe , not just in v4 countries , austrians might actually elect a far-right president and the anti-migration party will quite likely be in the next government , uk is about to vote on leaving the eu , netherlands recently turned the ukraine referendum into a referendum about the eu and you could see the result . 
  the commission wants to push another system , one that would activate automatically with every future refugee crisis . 
  so this is not about the one-time system anymore . 
  the numbers for greece are right , the majority of migrants are syrian , iraqis and afghans : http://reliefweb.int/sites/reliefweb.int/files/resources/20160208-dec_nationality_of_arrivals_to_greece_italy_and_spain-monthly_jan-dec_2015.pdf not the case for italy though . 
  and then when you mix it altogether and look at the all the asylum claims in eu in all eu countries , syrians are still the biggest group , but with only 29 % , afghanistan 14 % and iraq 10 % . 
  no , they are technically speaking still refugees . 
  and you 're right , the desire to seek out the best conditions for yourself is actually quite understandable . 
  but just because it 's understandable does n't mean others have to provide you with such conditions . 
  refugees have a right to get asylum in a safe country , not in a country of their choosing . 
  but you 're right that they will try everything to get there , that 's why relocation plans will never work , these people simply have a specific destination in their mind and most will not be willing to settle with anything else . 
  another thing is that most of the current migrants are middle or upper middle class , otherwise they would n't be able to pay thousands of dollars to the smugglers . 
  this means that they have quite high demands because they want to restore their living standard . 
  the media image of refugees is very different though , they are portrayed as poor people who lost everything , who barely managed to save their lifes , when in fact these people often made a quite calculated choice , basically an investment , to get to the richest regions of europe . 
  what europeans expect is that these people have nothing and should therefore be grateful for everything . 
  and then they see that this is not the case . 
  that the people who really have nothing are staying in the camps . 
  and what makes people from the `` poor '' european countries even more angry is that for these people , their countries are not good enough . 
  so czechia is good enough for czechs to stay here , but not good enough for war refugees . 
  it 's quite understandable that some people will take this as an insult . 
  and then you have european commission punishing us for refusing to take refugees who refuse to come to our country . 
  it 's actually pretty much absurd . 
  yes , you are right , the situation in libya is indeed different and eu should be way more active there . 
  we do n't necessarily need a united libya , we just need some `` safe zones '' where the refugees could stay . 
  but yeah , i get that libya is also a huge country and to patrol the entire coast is probably impossible , so i absolutely understand your concerns about getting a lot of migrants this summer . 
  i guess the only way to limit the flow is to remove to push factors . 
  relocating will help italy in the short term , but will not solve the problem in the long-term . 
   well these are the issues any eu country has to work on i 'm sorry , but how are you supposted to work on that ? 
  integration is a two-way street . 
  the people have to be motivated to integrate , if they 're not , nothing you do , will work . 
  that 's why we fail to integrate our roma minority , because there is very little motivation on their side ( in general , there are exceptions of course ) . 
  i would have no problem of accepting a few thousands of refugees , but only those willing to come . 
  that 's like the basic requirement for succesful integration . 
  it is not a guarantee , but it is a must . 
  without the basic motivation , there will be no integration .
