  it 's politically impossible . 
  and i 'm going to be brutally honest once again . 
  i care primarely about czechia . 
  my list of priorities goes like this : my own country , slovakia , the rest of the eu , the rest of the western countries and those attempting to join the west and only after that everyone else . 
  so to put it in the most extreme way , i would rather see the whole mena burn than see my own country go on the hungary path , or see the eu collapse and have russia exploiting the situation . 
  it 's unlikely that taking a couple of thousands of muslim refugees in cz would cause that , but you can not rule that out . 
  what if there 's a jihadist among them and he commits a terrorist act , what if some of them rape local girls/kids and this gives the ultimate advantage to the populists in the parliamentary and presidential elections . 
  i know i sound paranoid , but i 'm genuinely worried about this . 
  our democratic standards are not as strong as yours . 
  you can see hungary and poland doing a lot of backsliding . 
  nowadays trump is the next us president . 
  the uk is getting out . 
  the whole eu is under threat . 
  populists are scoring in we countries as well . 
  we already have a pro-kremlin ( figurehead ) president . 
  i do n't want him to get elected again . 
  i do n't want to add any unnecessary risk factors to my country . 
  you do n't understand this in the west , because even if you do vote stupidly once , your institutions are strong enough to overcome it and you can correct yourself the next time . 
  plus putin wo n't dare to touch you . 
  but over here , this is not certain . 
  one stupid vote and we might end up like hungary . 
   it has gotten quite rare these days . 
  especially when talking about this topic . 
  i feel like most of the people at this sub are pretty civil most of the times . 
  but then i guess i probably fit the mainstream opinion on refugees more than you , so i guess i understand where you 're coming from . 
   we need stronger legal safeguards to ensure that people actually stay where they are supposed to stay . 
  it is possible . 
  oh , please . 
  it is not possible . 
  most of se and ee countries ca n't even keep their own people from migrating . 
  you can tie the refugee benefits to a specific country , but they might be able to earn more working illegaly in we than on benefits in ee . 
  plus they already have communities in the west . 
  and of course our governments and authorities would probably try to bully them out , since they do n't want them in the first place . 
  it 's simply unrealistic . 
  most of these people did n't come to europe because they feared for their lifes since they already crossed several safe countries . 
  they came to europe because they want a better life . 
  they think they 'll get that in germany . 
  they wo n't be fine sitting in a small town in czechia . 
  we wo n't be fine having them here bitching about how shit our country is . 
   international law violations mainly come into play when you do things like turning around boats or not considering asylum applications whatsoever . 
  if someone applies for asylum , it is our responsibility to process that application but if the international law clearly stated that a refugee has to apply for an asylum in the first safe country he reaches and failing to do that would mean that he is no longer considered a refugee , that would make it possible for us to not process/reject these applications and start the deportation process straight ahead . 
  if the deportations were n't possible because of the reasons you described , we would have to make the lifes of the would-be-deportees very uncomfortable to make it clear that if you come in europe illegally you will not have a good life here , even if we 're unable to deport you . 
  i know it may say harsh , but i would consider keeping these people in detention centres , not australia-style , where there are serious human rights violation happening , but normal detention centres , where they get food , roof over their heads and education for kids and that 's it , no prospects of a job , let alone residence permit , do n't give them any hope that they might settle in and once the deportation is possible , deport them ( or alternatively they will leave voluntarily ) . 
  you could then still take your 200 000 people from the first safe country in a resettlement programme and other countries ( not just european ones ) could do the same . 
  anyone who would come irregularely would be rejected and treated as i described and that would hopefully deter others from trying to make the journey . 
  i know it sounds very harsh , but i do n't see any other way forwards where we could keep the power in our hands and not rely on other countries cooperating . 
  i understand that developed countries would still not take a whole lot of people , so the burden would stay on the first safe countries , which is unfortunate , however that is just how it is . 
  the world is not fair . 
  we do n't owe these people a safe place in europe . 
  certainly not my region , we never exploited the third world , we did n't bring instability in this region , we need to primarely take care of ourselves and make sure that we have strict enough migration policy to prepare for the upcoming decades . 
  i 'm afraid that we might not be able to do that if we insist on the current asylum laws . 
   if all european countries would be doing their part ( which most agreed to do !, 
  ) , italys situation would be a lot better . 
  even if all european countries did their part , the relocation mechanism would still not work , since all the migrants relocated to ee or se would just move to germany/sweden . 
  there is no effective way to prevent them from doing that in schengen and this has been proved by many cases happening in czechia , poland , latvia , lithuania , bulgaria , romania or portugal . 
  hell , even juncker already admitted that they ca n't get the migrants board planes to other destinations than germany . 
   what matters is that we try our best to get these deals . 
  as i said , i 'm glad you 're trying , but it does n't matter if you do your best or not , what really matters is if you can reach the deals or not . 
  this is not a kids ' competition where everyone gets a `` thanks for participating '' card . 
  results are what matters . 
   merkels aim has been striking deals with the important transit countries within africa . 
  this of course is n't a solution that would fully prevent refugee flows , but it has the potential to significantly hinder them . 
  sounds like a good thing , if you manage to implement it in reality . 
   germany is committed to take up to 200,000 people a year . 
  i did n't know that and i 'm not sure if that 's not too many people , but it 's germany 's decision , if you guys think that you can handle this , fine by me . 
   does n't work without significant limitations to the right of asylum - and we are not willing to implement limitations of this kind currently . 
  the right of asylum has saved a lot of people in nazi germany from being prosecuted or worse . 
  it also has been rather significant for people fleeing the gdr . 
  ok , i 'm not a law expert , but has n't the current international law been drafted after ww2 ? 
  when i look at the refugee convention of 1951 it does n't even mention a war in the definition of a refugee . 
  it talks about race , religion , nationality , membership in a political group and so on , so basically it fits the description of a refugee as it was understood during the cw ( a political refugee ) and it would also fit the jews escaping nazi germany ( since jews are a race and they were persecuted because of their race ) . 
  but it does n't say anything about millions of people escaping war ( who are not necessarily personally persecuted , they just happen to live in a war zone ) and it definitely does n't deal at all with people escaping climate conditions . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not saying that people escaping from war zones do n't deserve any protection , but it just seems to me that the current international law was not made for this type of situation when literally millions of people are moving . 
  as such , i do n't see why it would be such a huge tabu to look at it again and see whether we can change it to something that would fit the current conditions better . 
  for example the whole mess with the `` first safe country '' - is someone still a refugee when he leaves the first safe country or not ? 
  if so , should we perhaps reconsider that ? 
  i 'm not advocating for any sudden big changes , but these things should at least be discussed , because the current system `` whoever manages to set his foot on europe gets to apply '' is really stupid . 
  look , i was not trying to say `` germany does nothing to help to solve the issue '' . 
  i understand that unlike other countries you are likely to be active in the relocations . 
  it would be weird if you were n't , since you were the ones pushing for this programme so much last year . 
  however taking 500 a month from italy , when they keep getting thousands and thousands more every month is not gon na solve anything . 
  striking deals with african countries is of course important and i 'm glad that merkel is trying to work on that , but how long is that gon na take ? 
  and if we manage to sign a deal with nigeria , what about sudan and gambia and senegal and all the tens of other african countries , which are way poorer than europe and have way too many people ? 
  how long will it take before we manage to sign a deal with enough countries to make the numbers drop to , let 's say , 50k a year ? 
  and what 's gon na happen if we sign the deals , but then a government changes/collapses in nigeria/libya/somalia / whatever country and the deal no longer stands ? 
  my point is , relying on other governments to cooperate with us fully is tricky . 
  specially in today 's world , where the climate/economic/demographic prospects of the the middle east/africa are pretty bad . 
  millions of people might try to migrate in the coming decades . 
  we might prevent that from happening by pumping money into african states and reaching deals with their leaders , but i would n't count on that . 
  if that fails , we should have a strong , strict , deterring migration policy that would help us to prevent the migrants from coming without having to rely on cooperation of other countries . 
   europe can very easily endure these arrival numbers . 
  what do you mean , europe , they 're coming to italy and nobody else wants them anymore . 
  relocations are not happening , both because some european governments do n't want it and because the migrants themselves do n't want it , they are trying to reach a few specific countries , but those have already had enough and will do all they can to prevent them from coming . 
  austria even made it clear that they 're ready to close the border cross with italy if there are too many illegals trying to cross the borders . 
  so it 's not like those 160k people will be evenly distributed around the entire europe . 
  it 's not sustainable to have 160k of illegal migrants coming , when they mostly concentrate in one country . 
   the eritreans have a very good chance to be granted asylum . 
  that 's true , eritreans do have a chance , but they are not the majority of the migrants from africa . 
  most of the migrants from africa are economic migrants . 
  so just because it did n't reach the catastrophic levels of 2015 it 's not that worrisome ?
