  did they say what kind of changes to the constitution they plan to make ? 
  i can be changed , but afaik it was n't changed so far . 
  nor do i see any such discussions about this possible change in my country . 
  so that 's why i 'm talking about the current situation , not some hypothetical situation that might or might not happen . 
   mentally ill does n't mean a vegetable , it also includes people with addictions , such as alcoholics and smokers . 
  i think you need to draw a line here . 
  either person has the legal capacity to give consent to have sex ( but also to deal with other issue , like signing a contract , vote and so on ) or not . 
  people who do n't have this capacity ca n't be responsible for a child from a legal point . 
  people who have this capacity can not be restricted from having a child , but if the social services find that their behaviour endangers the children ( if they 're for example violent alcoholics or drug addicts ) then they will take that child away from them . 
   well if we cant know in advance , we also cant know that single mother wont be able to raise the child efficiently , so why force fathers to pay for the child , if there is a possibilty that mother might do perfectly well ? 
  but i did n't say that a single mother can not do fine on her own . 
  in many cases , she is indeed capable of that . 
  however if there is a father as well , the child has the right for his support too , even if his mother can already cover the child 's basic needs . 
  why not improve the child 's living conditions , even if they 're already sufficient . 
  but more importantly , this scenario , when the mother is capable to take care of the child 's needs perfectly well alone is just one possible scenario . 
  you 're right that in this scenario , it would not hurt the child as much if the father decided not to contribute . 
  however if you make it possible for men to not contribute to their child 's upbringing , then it will apply in all situation and scenarios . 
  including those when the mother simply can not take care of the kid on her own and needs the financial support . 
  in this situation , it 's crucially imporant for the child that the father contributes . 
  the situation of two poor parents who both are willing to take care of the child is not the same . 
  because here you already have both of the parties ( the man and the woman ) accepting their responsibility . 
  whether they can fullfill the responsibility or not is a different thing . 
  if the authorities find out that the best interests of the child are threatened , then they have to take that child away . 
   why do poor women and women with genetic diseases have the right to choose whether to have a child or not , despite risking the childs well being and health and yet a perfectly healthy male can not ? 
  because they 're women and from biological point of view , they have the control of their body and thus control of the pregnancy . 
  i 'm not saying it 's fair . 
  it 's just how it is . 
  women carry the risk of being pregnant , of having an abortion and of giving birth . 
  at the same time , they have the control of their body . 
  sometimes women act irresponsibly , sometimes they even intentionally screw over their partner . 
  sometimes they make stupid and irrational choices when they decide to have a baby despite serious health risks . 
  i do n't agree with this behaviour at all . 
  it still does n't change the fact that the child is not responsible for the actions of his/her mother and deserves the support of both of his parents . 
  i 'm not sure what is the legal situation of mentally sick people , but i would have guessed that they ( similarly to children ) can not give consent , because they 're mentally not able to make the decision . 
  so having sex with a mentally sick person would be a crime , just like having sex with an underaged child . 
  as for poor people , or people with genetic problems - you can not restrict someone 's reproductive rights , just because you think they might not be good parents . 
  how can you know that in advance ? 
  and what does `` poor '' actually mean ? 
  even parents who ca n't afford to buy the best toys/clother/vacations abroad can be great parents . 
  if we 're talking about the really poor people , who struggle to even put food on the table , then even in this case the parents might quickly get their shit together , find a job , get some help from the state and provide a good enviroment for the baby . 
  you ca n't know in advance whether this is going to be the case or not . 
  if they fail to take care of the child , then the authorities need to step in and make sure the child 's interests are protected . 
  you also ca n't restrict people with genetical diseases from having a kid . 
  firstly , you do n't know for sure whether the child is going to inherit it . 
  secondly , not all genetic diseases are life-threatening , you can still lead a productive life with some of them . 
  and thirdly i think most of the people who have some serious conditions and who know that the risk of their child having the same thing and suffering the same way , will voluntarily decide not to have children . 
  i mean what kind of parent would want to see his child suffer ? 
   the problem i have with looking at it from the child 's perspective is that i personally would n't want to be born to a single mother with father who did n't want me in the slighest . 
  i think nobody would , it 's not exactly the best situation to be born in . 
  but the thing is , nobody is asking children whether they want to be born or not . 
  they just are . 
  once they are , it 's their parents ' responsibility to take care of them . 
   well , obviously , it is n't the baby 's fault , but this is how you create shitty families . 
  if a man is forced into an unhappy relationship `` for the sake of the baby '' , he will likely turn into `` that guy '' who drinks late at night , comes home to the wife he really hates and waits for her to give him a reason to pull his belt out and beat the wife in front of the children , like a true eastern european man , and then perhaps also beat the children , you know , just because he can . 
  oh , i never said that the men has to marry the woman and act like a proper family man . 
  all i said is that the man should support his child . 
  that can mean financial support only . 
  specially during the time when the women is out of her job , staying with the baby at home . 
  or the father can take the child every weekend . 
  or shared custody can be arranged . 
  the father 's parents can also participate in the child 's upbringing if they 're interested . 
  i never said that the parents have to end in a relationship . 
  i absolutely agree that if the relationship clearly does n't work then it 's better for the child to not have to witness constant arguments or even domestic violence . 
   except that , most such cases are rather ambiguous . 
  the man is rarely sober and does not intend to rape , just have sex . 
  the woman , because she is so drunk and ca n't take proper decisions , also goes along with it . 
  well if it happened like this , then it 's simply two drunk idiots , both unable to make proper decisions . 
  neither of them should file a rape accusation in this scenario . 
  but men , unlike women , can not actually abort the pregnancy . 
  they can not prevent the baby from being born even if they do n't personally want the baby . 
  once the baby is born , it 's in the interests of the child to have both parents supporting him . 
  the interests of the baby should be protected over the wishes of the mother or of the father . 
  i 'm not trying to defend women . 
  i understand that women can be scumbags just like men . 
  i agree that women sometimes screw over their partners . 
  and i agree that by having sex ( as a woman ) you are accepting the risk of getting pregnant and that your partner might not want that baby and might try to avoid his parental duties . 
  however , i 'm looking at this situation from the child 's perspective . 
  it 's simply not the child 's fault that his/her mother is irresponsible or a scumbag or whatever . 
  the child is innocent in this and it needs the support from both of his parents . 
  yes , if the women for example tricks the man into believing that she 's on birth control , then she 's acting like a total bitch . 
  this still does n't change the fact that the baby will be worse off it the father does n't contribute to his/her upbringing . 
  and the child 's rights should simply come first . 
   i do n't agree with being forced to long term commitments just because you had sex with the wrong person at the wrong time . 
  i suggest you to be careful about protection and about your sexual partners then . 
  it would not be just bad for you to have a baby , it would be bad for the baby as well . 
  because you 're clearly not mature enough to have children yet . 
  i totally see that women can sometimes be scumbags . 
  just like men . 
  i see that women have the control over this issue and men do n't . 
  but none of this is the baby 's fault . 
  even if the man did n't want the baby , the baby needs its parents . 
  if you 're not able to understand and accept this responsibility , then make sure to not have children . 
  because guess what , not everything is about you and your feelings and preferences . 
  the child does n't care whether you wanted to have long term commitments or not . 
  the child simply exists , nobody asked whether he/she wants to come to this world . 
  on the other hand , you made the choice to have sex and you 're an adult . 
  presumably you 're intelligent enough to know that sex sometimes leads to a baby . 
  with all this in mind , the child 's rights are simply more important than your wishes . 
   i think there are indeed cases when the woman is simply asking for it . 
  if you go out at night alone , dressed provocatively , and get drunk beyond the point where you can provide consent , that 's not just dumb behavior , it 's extremely dumb behavior .
