  for example in here , we have a quite influential ngo ( supported by embassies from the western world ) which decided to quit searching for the perfect candidate/party and instead lobbies the current politicians to push through new anti-corruption laws . 
  they launched a big campaign before the last election and got most of the candidates to pledge for their cause , so then after elections it was more difficult for them to ignore what they promised . 
  so far 4 out of the 9 laws have been passed , 2 more have a somewhat realistic shot at being passed as well . 
  that 's not exactly a perfect result , but better than nothing . 
  these kind of things are the baby steps . 
  we largely gave up that we will have clean politicians any time soon , since honest and competent people tend to stay away as far as possible from politics . 
  so instead it makes sense to focus on changing the system and wait for a generational change . 
  of course then there 's another huge issue in the eastern europe ( not so much in czechia though ) that the most capable young people who are supposed to do the generation change , are leaving to the western europe and those who remain are often radicalized and vote for far-right parties . 
   that 's why it 's so frustrating that the whole debate of the subject has been mostly hijacked by incompetent populists , bigots and political opportunists . 
  yep , you 're gon na have a hard time to properly address the issues when half of the political scene refuses to talk frankly about this problem and the other half is using this to score cheap points without offering any feasible solutions . 
  i think ( but i could be totally wrong , since i 'm not living in the western europe ) that a lot of this has to do with the fact that this issue was there probably for decades , but nobody seemed to care as long as it was possible for the mainstream population to somehow ignore it and pretend like it 's not there . 
  it simply was n't too much hassle at the beginning , there was n't that many people , and when the numbers started to rise , the migrants tended to stick in their neighbourhoods so the native population mostly did n't suffer from the negative impacts . 
  the left , liberal political elites than incorrectly assumed that the lack of disapproval means that the vast majority of the population shares their vision of multicultural society , when in reality , not everyone was on board with this , they just simply did n't raise their objections , maybe out of fear of being labeled as a racist , maybe simply because even though they did n't like the development they did n't think it was such a big issue that would make them to vote for a different party . 
  and then suddenly when the problems with immigration are starting to be bigger and bigger , you have these frustrations coming out , seemingly out of nowhere , when in reality , they were always sort of there , only they were n't addressed before . 
  and obviously , this is a perfect situation for populists and opportunists . 
  thank you for the explanation . 
  i was wondering why you think flemish are worse than wallonians at integrating foreigners ? 
  do you think there 's a difference between germanic and francophonic/latin societies and their attitude towards migrants ? 
  because it does n't seem to me that france is somehow more succesful than germany at integrating foreigners . 
  wow , do you see it poles , hungarians and slovaks ? 
  we 're now a key group of the eu !, 
  we even have our own [ badge ] ( https://twitter.com/henryjfoy/status/777475856612593665 ) now . 
  suck that , nordic council !, 
  are poles or other eastern europeans badly integrated in belgium ? 
  i 'm asking because our own ee immigrants ( not so many poles , but mostly slovaks , ukrainians and russians ) are so well integrated that you hardly know they 're here . 
  and what about people from east asia ( vietnamese , chinese etc. ) ? 
  because we have a vietnamese community here and they also managed to integrate very well despite their different appearance . 
  i 'm genuinely asking because i 've never been to belgium , i 'm not trying to suggest that only muslims fail to integrate and all other immigrant groups are perfect . 
  it 's just that i was a buddy to a belgian girl who was here on erasmus and she also complained about the bad integration of foreigners in her country , she was blaming both the locals ( for closet racism and absolutely lax attitude of the authorities ) and the migrants too ( for lack of willingness to integrate ) , she was mostly talking about maghreb migrants though . 
  do you think most germans would see this as positive though ? 
  are they ok with increasing immigration from poland or other ee countries ? 
  i would have expected that similarily to the uk , concerns about driving down wages/taking jobs/criminality might occur if the numbers start rising too fast . 
   we do have the capacity to look both to the east and the south . 
  i 'm not a military expert , but given how horribly the situation in libya during the arab spring was handled by france and the uk and given that the us , not western europe is still the main deterrent against russia in the eastern europe , i would say we currently do n't have the capability to take care of neither south nor east . 
  increased defense budgets are needed in just about every eu country , maybe except for france , poland and estonia , which already spend a lot . 
  and of course starting a common eu army , if done right , would also be very useful , since it could eventually eliminate double-spending . 
  most of the eu countries are rather small , so even if they all spent 2 % of gdp on defense , they would still not be able to independently achieve much . 
  if we were all part of some larger military structure , than the money we spend would not be wasted . 
   i fear it might never happen because of different interests / concerns . 
  yeah , it 's probably not gon na happen any time soon . 
  the only feasible scenario i can see for now , is upgrading the current joint forces ( the eu battle groups ) and starting using them more actively . 
  but who knows , france and germany are supposed to come up with their proposal on the eu defense union by december , maybe they 'll surprise us . 
  i personally do n't mind if it 's focused on the south even though given our location i should probably be more concerned about russia . 
  we still have nato for russia though and as long as americans want to keep their presence in europe , the eu can afford to focus on the south . 
  if the americans decided to suddenly go isolationist , we would have to switch that focus . 
  but for now i would n't mind at all if the joint forces were to be used for managing the migrant flows and countering terrorism . 
  if this proves effective we could then increase the cooperation in the eastern europe as well and gradually take the full responsibility of europe 's defense which would enable the americans to focus on asia . 
  but this all is obviously just the best case scenario . 
  i 'm not really sure whether the eu countries will be able to even agree to a common eu command . 
  i agree that it should be voluntary to join . 
  i 'm not sure whether we should have an approval of all countries for every operation though , because this way we wo n't ever get anything done . 
  i think we should establish a common command for the army which would have the main authority . 
  i understand that it is probably not politically feasible at the moment though . 
  do we need uk 's approval though ? 
  ca n't we make this voluntary only for countries which are interested ? 
  as long as germany and france are involved , it could still work . 
  i do n't see why we should force countries like ireland or austria which are neutral to participate . 
  yes , they would still have issues , but euro is making it even worse for them . 
  i understand that for you , euro is convenient , specially if you travel a lot . 
  but i 'm not sure whether this kind of situation is sustainable in the long term . 
  greece is a small country with a small economy and you could see what the greece crisis has done to the entire eu . 
  just wait if italy gets in trouble ( it 's not far away from it ) , that 's gon na be a huge problem for the eurozone . 
  and as we could see in greece , austerity alone is not really working . 
  i know . 
  that 's why the starting of eurozone was never a good idea . 
  it was started with wishful thinking that federalization will eventually follow and that will solve the problem of the lack of fiscal union . 
  then it did n't follow , because voters in western/northern europe wo n't agree with that , since it 's not in their interests . 
  just like voters in ee countries wo n't agree to common migration policy . 
  kind of sucks for southern europe , specially greece and italy , since they 're screwed in both cases . 
  well yeah , if there was a fiscal union , then the decisions on where to do the spendings would be done at the european level , so some sort of compensating for the deficits of se countries would for sure take place . 
  in the us you also have economicaly stronger and weaker countries and the common federal budget partly compensates for that . 
  souther european countries still need structural reforms , but you as i said you wo n't ever achieve a perfect equality in a union . 
  there will always be weaker and stronger parts . 
  see that 's the problem . 
  the current form of eurozone is only serving some of the members . 
  monetary union without a fiscal union simply is guaranteed to cause problems in the long term , because in every union you will always have places with surplases and places with deficits . 
  eurozone currently does n't need new members , it needs a reform so that it works for all members . 
  and southern european countries need reforms as well of course , euro is not their only problem . 
  sure that greece made many mistakes , but the fact that they ca n't devalue their currency is also not helping . 
  i 'm just saying it 's not all greece 's fault . 
   now if only ecb adhered to the rules and did n't buy any state bonds to `` help '' them out . 
  just let those , who are not responsible , default and kick them out of the eurozone . 
  you know i 'm not an economist expert , but at least i read something about the implications of this `` monetary , but not fiscal union '' before blaming it all on those irresponsible countries . 
  there are certainly some points in keeping your own currency . 
  the most important one would be having your own monetary policy . 
  this gives you the possibility to devalue your currency when your economy is in trouble to boost the exports . 
  this is somehow connected to the second point which is that the eurozone is a flawed project - monetary union without a fiscal union , which helps countries like germany who enjoy a weak currency ( relatively to their economy ) while southern european countries are screwed by this because euro is too strong for their troubled economies . 
  in a fiscal union this would be compensanted by budgetary transfers but this is not the case of eurozone . 
  the point average joe often makes is that prices tend to go up a bit after adopting euro , which most of my friends from slovakia who are now studying in brno more or less confirm . 
  and finally we ca n't just get over it and accept it . 
  85 % of people oppose it . 
  you ca n't just realistically go against such strong public opposition . 
  it 's just not happening any time soon . 
  people are apparently quite ok with having to change the money when traveling abroad . 
  welcome to the `` postponing the euro indefinitely '' club , romania !, 
  i would suggest you go to sweden for further instructions on how to keep postponing properly , afterall they 're in this club the longest . 
   people in czech republic knew , though , that entering eu means that they will eventually abandon czech crown . 
  they did and they even supported that in the beginning . 
  then the eurozone debt crisis happened and the support was gone and it just further diminished with the migrant crisis . 
  nowadays it 's not really clear whether we will ever accept euro .
