  even if someone did , it would still feel wrong , because the vast majority of czechs would say that we 're central europe . 
  i mean , that 's even what we 're taught in schools in geography classes . 
  meh , we 're used to hearing foreigners refer to us as eastern europe . 
  it 's pointless to get angry over it . 
  specially when it 's meant tongue-in-cheek . 
  that 's impossible because you need unanimous decision for that . 
  orb\u00e1n already said that he would veto it . 
  i have to agree . 
  i also do n't always agree with what he 's saying , but at the same time everytime i watch him speaking , it 's just obvious that this guy is very smart . 
  and also a very good speaker . 
  i wish we had politicians as classy as he is in my country as well . 
  there are n't many reactions from the public now . 
  and where i live , it 's not even a topic that would be heavily discussed . 
  however the cases are all tied to one region and i 'm not living in that region . 
  in the rest of the country , the arrested politicians are more or less unknown names . 
  it 's possible that in that specific region it 's more of a hot topic . 
  and as i can see you 're from france , i feel like i should probably point out a cultural difference - czech people do n't really protest often unless they 're extremists or unless the situation is really bad and they 're personally affected by it . 
  does n't mean they do n't notice . 
  which leads me to the impact - it could weaken the social democrats in the next general elections ( autumn 2017 ) , but it depends on how the whole scandal evolves and whether it will be in media shortly before the elections . 
  plus the social democrats already are in a significant decline in the polls anyway . 
  it is likely to help the current second strongest governmental party ano , which is an anti-establishment party , led by the second richest man in the czech republic , who has been marketing himself as someone who fights against the old structures and their corruption ever since he started to be active in politics . 
  corruption in general is an issue that resonates with the public pretty much during every elections . 
  for example the other party that i mentioned in the original post - the civic democrats have had in the past a series of scandals both on the regional and governmental level . 
  over the time , they went from +30 % to some 7 % . 
  they tried to reform and now they climbed back over 10 % , but they 're unlikely to return to the position they once had in the near future . 
  the problem with czech politics is though that even when people notice and vote out the people involved in the biggest scandals , the people who end up replacing them are often not much cleaner . 
  what i do consider a good sign though is that it at least gets investigated and people get arrested and are usually forced to leave politics . 
  also it 's good that it is both governmental and opposition politicians who are targeted . 
  that means that the police and state prosecutors are not controled by the politicians . 
  ** czech republic ** large-scale arrests over corruption concering eu funds . 
  so far 24 regional politicians were arrested , one is kept in custody , the others have been released , and charges against them have been pressed . 
  the cases go back to the post-2004 period when we joined the eu . 
  the financial extent of the fraud is unprecedented ( some 500 milion euro ) . 
  most of the politicians are from a current governmental party - the social democracts . 
  some others are from a then-powerful right wing party - the civic democrats . 
  the cases are all from the same regions , they 're connected to another case that the police has been investigating for a long time now . 
  it looks like a mid-tier bureaucrat who was already sent to prison for this decided to talk . 
  the current social democratic pm has already called for all those accused to give up their positions , however he claims that this is a thing of the past and that it is not a problem of the party , but a problem of the individuals . 
  [ article in english ] ( http://praguemonitor.com/2016/12/16/lawyer-czech-eu-money-fraud-worth-czk-14-billion ) other than that , plenty of other domestic things happened , but i ca n't really think of anything that would have a high relevance for the rest of the eu . 
   has the czech government decided it has given up running and securing the country and is now hoping to outsource ? 
  stop being so dramatic , it 's not really such a big deal . 
  our gun laws already are pretty liberal and do you see us running around shooting each other ? 
  no , according to many international rankings , we 're a very peaceful country , even in european terms . 
  we have a lower homicide rate than germany . 
  this proposal changes nothing in terms of who is or is n't allowed to hold a gun . 
  and so far it 's just a proposal in a very early stage - it 's basically just a draft . 
  i 'm sure that when this reaches the first readings , it will be discussed how to prevent this from being misused . 
  so right now , it 's too early to judge this proposal , since we do n't know any of the details . 
  just to make it clear , this proposal is not supposed to change any of the legal requirements that one needs to fulfill to be able to buy a gun . 
  those would still be the same . 
  it just adds another situation when it 's acceptable to use the gun - and that is when the state 's security or the civil order is threatened . 
  it basically tries to cover the situation when there 's a terror attack and the police forces are not yet there . 
  in this case , armed citizens would be allowed to use their guns against the terrorists . 
  i did n't really mean to single out begin - i admit that i do n't have that deep knowledge of israeli politics , so i simply do remember him as a leader of irgun , which i know was considered ( along with lehi ) an extremist organization . 
  the history of israeli-palestinian conflict is unfortunately not really taught in czech high schools , i personally took a voluntary course on this at my uni , but it also did n't go as in-depth as for me to know/remember all the members of the radical-zionist groups and all the fucked up things each of them did or did n't do . 
  so i guess i just simply had begin stuck in the `` was an extremist when young '' group and that 's why i mentioned him in the first place . 
  so thanks for clarifying . 
  i 'll keep it in mind that begin and shamir are not at the same level of fuckedupness . 
  what the hell , we rejected it ? 
  i thought this was all still under negotiations : /, 
  what category is your pm in ? 
  i understand that the level of tensions between the populations were similar . 
  however i feel like we 're mixing the words `` understandable '' and `` justifiable '' here . 
  i think it 's understandable why some czechs did what they did to germans , the same as it 's understandable what some jews did to british/arabs , however in neither case it 's justifiable to purposefully kill civilians or captured soldiers . 
  you can not just say that it was just a minor war crime , or it was a protest against something else , because it 's still wrong , no matter the circumstances . 
  of course it happens very often , but that does n't mean it should be shrugged off as normal . 
  our government expressed regret over the brexit vote , but also immediately said that they 're against the brits having a full access to the single market without the freedom of movement . 
  they have since repeated this several times . 
  among the people , there is obviously no universal opinion that everyone would share . 
  our hardcore anti-eu crowd was obviously very excited about it . 
  they think that the uk has freed itself from the evil brussels and we should do the same asap . 
  moderately euro-sceptic people were sort of excited , but this excitement got quite bitter after the media started reporting about the post-brexit attacks on eastern europeans and so the people realized that many brits did n't vote brexit to free themselves from the evil brussels but to free themselves from the dirty immigrants from the east . 
  which means czechs too . 
  then there is a relatively large group of mostly young , liberal , cosmopolitan people , who really liked the uk , but mostly had an inaccurate picture of it , build by the british cultural exports , tourist visits/student exchanges and so on . 
  they never really got fully in touch with the other side of the uk that voted to leave . 
  i was partly in this group too . 
  so were many of my friends . 
  they were all shocked by brexit . 
  some went from `` i love the uk '' to `` wtf is wrong with the uk '' . 
  and lastly , there is a huge group of people , arguably the majority of czechs , who never cared strongly about the uk in the first place , so they also did n't give a shit about brexit . 
  those people just simply wo n't care as long as they 're not personally affected . 
  you know what ? 
  ignore what i wrote earlier , i was writing it in a stage of an emotional rage over the fact that a 10 year old was raped and now when i 'm looking at it a day later i can see that i was wrong . 
  or not really that the basic idea that a crime deserves a punishment regardless of other functions that the punishment has ( deterrent , prevention ) is wrong . 
  i still think that this basic principle is right . 
  however when applied in reality , this only leads to revenge-seeking and you 're right that each person probably has a different idea what an adequate punishment is . 
   you really need to read more about nato operations . 
  our soldiers are mostly involved in the post-conflict reconstruction phase . 
  if they do some fighting , then it 's in afghanistan , which is an operation that was approved by the un security council . 
  there never was a report about czech soldiers commiting war crimes or other human rights violations . 
   but say , the czechs who ethnically cleansed germans after wwii , you ever heard accounts of that ? 
  that was pretty brutal , i 'm pretty sure some of the people involved ended in leadership positions . 
  of course i 've heard of it . 
  but you need to see the difference between what the exile government in london had in mind when proposing this policy and what then happened in reality . 
  bene\u0161 ( the exile pm ) wanted to have an organized expulsion . 
  that would mean that only responsible authorities could superwise the expulsion and they would make sure that no atrocities took place . 
  yes , it was an collective punishment , but a ) most of the sudeten germans were by no means innocent victims . 
  prior to the war , they overwhelmingly voted for the sudetendeutsche partei which openly supported hitler and the destruction of czechoslovakia . 
  b ) the primary intent was not to punish the germans , but to eliminate the threat that this situation could happen again in the future . 
  bene\u0161 could not have known what would happen with germany later on .
