   germany is the single biggest winner of both , and we know it . 
  it is in our self-interest to keep it , i totally agree , however as for now , it seems like you can still keep euro and the single market without having a deeper fiscal union . 
  the eurozone is not yet at the verge of collapse . 
  i agree though if germans had to make the choice , then it would be in your self-interest to rather go deeper in fiscal integration than losing the single market and euro . 
   yes , which is why we at / r/acteuropa are attempting to foster such kind of european nationalism ( which subsumes , not destroys your national identity ) yeah , that 's nice , but i 'm quite sceptical that it can ever happen . 
  european countries have now a very long history of nation states . 
  the roots go deep and i ca n't imagine that people would be willing to let this go anytime soon . 
  but perhaps i 'm looking at this too much from my own perspective and from the perspective of my own country and the actual sentiment in other countries might be quite different . 
   for now , self-interest will be enough . 
  that 's a very reasonable and realistic approach . 
   restrictive measures on migration . 
  that 's different though . 
  essentially they 're going from the more altruistic , idealistic position to the more pragmatic , self-interest position . 
  which is in general the more natural position for humans when it comes to their relations with out-group people . 
  in the case of the fiscal union , you 're asking germans to go in the opposite direction - to act more altruistically towards out-group people even when this ( at least in the short term ) hurts their interests . 
  it 's gon na be very difficult to convince them to agree with this . 
  imo it touches the basic problem of the european integration - that most people still primarely identify with their nations and not with europe . 
  which is ok when the interests of all our nations allign , however it becomes problematic when you ask one nation to make some significant sacrifices for other nation . 
   do n't you find it a real disgrace that third world countries have taken in more refugees than your own `` civilized '' countrymen . 
  the third-world countries did n't really have much choice , they are the border countries . 
  i 'm pretty sure that if they had the choice , they would not have taken the refugees . 
  i agree that taking a few thousands of people would n't kills us . 
  as long as they had thorough background checks . 
  according to our interior ministry , the people currently in greece and italy often do n't have sufficient documentation , so it 's not possible to do proper background checks on them . 
  and i also doubt that we could even find a few thousands of them who would be willing to come to the czech republic . 
  as i said , most prefer to go to germany . 
  it was 55 % to 45 % in the presidential election in the total votes . 
  schwarzenberg at that point was a minister in a very unpopular right-wing government that pushed through extremely unpopular austerity measures and it was also hit by corruption scandals . 
  zeman also did n't really let all his views be known during the campaign . 
  we will see how zeman will do in the next presidential election . 
  if he wins , then i will indeed by very dissapointed with the czech people . 
  as i said , i 'm really ashamed of him and do not agree with him on almost anything . 
   the czech social democratic party has the exact same position on syrian refugees : refusing any european distribution of them . 
  yes , because the system is stupid and if we agreed to it , the commission might try to force through a pernament one . 
  better to make it clear from the beggining that we wish to be in charge of our migration and asylum policy . 
  we do not want to hand over this authority to brussels . 
  i 'm sorry but regardless of how much support cdu or any other party gets , i really doubt that the majority of germans would agree with sharing a budget with greece , spain or italy . 
  at least in the short-term , it 's simply objectively not in their interests . 
  the current czech president is a disgrace to our country and i absolutely ca n't stand him . 
  he 's not really running our agenda though , because the president does n't hold much power in the czech republic . 
   right wing racist sexist homofobic populist that are running the czech agenda at the moment . 
  you could n't fit more buzzwords in there , could you ? 
  i 'm sorry , but it 's impossible to have a normal conversation with you , you have a seriously black-and-white vision of the world . 
  or you 're a troll . 
   it is sch\u00e4uble you need to convince , not the german electorate . 
  but he is voted in by the german electorate . 
  so german people probably like and agree with his policies . 
  more fiscal integration is a huge step , you ca n't just wrap it in ` this is good for eu ' label and pretend like it 's no big deal . 
  essentially it means really big budgetary transfers to the south . 
  this might have big consequences for the german economy . 
  if you push this through without a wide consensus among the public , you might experience a big public backlash in the future . 
   refugees have nothing to say they have and are not an authority . 
  yeah , they have nothing to say , only we 're living in schengen so they can just hop on a train and be in germany is a few hours . 
  the quota system is stupid and has no chance of working . 
   their well understood intention to leave a country that does not want them . 
  in the case of the first group that was transported directly from iraq , the public opinion was actually on their side at first . 
  they were n't treated badly here and they still left . 
  the same thing happened in poland and in the baltic countries . 
  it happens everywhere in cee countries . 
  now you 're just putting words in my mouth that i did n't say , so i do n't see why i should continue having this discussion . 
  i never said that refugees are ` evil ' . 
  i was never even trying to claim that my country is particularely ` humanistic ' . 
  i was just saying that i 'm relatively happy with the level of liberalism and secularism in our society . 
  nowhere did i claim that we 're some humanitarian superpower . 
  you also conventiently ignored everything else that i said , like that we 're not sending anyone back to war-zones or that the refugees simply do n't have an interest in staying in our country . 
  i do n't really know how we should harbour someone who leaves to germany the second they get the chance . 
   it is reverse psychology that you are using here . 
  i do n't really understand what you mean by this . 
  i was just saying that your motivation for not wanting ee migration ( fearing that ee migrants wo n't share your values ) is the same as the motivation of ee people ( fearing that mena migrants wo n't share their values ) . 
   to refuse families running from war on your borders . 
  there are no families at our borderds , because we 're not on the transfer route . 
  plus most of the refugees are single males . 
   to treat them like animals and send them away to rot is proof that you never had any humanistic values to start with since there is hardly anyone coming to the czech republic , we ca n't really treat them like animals even if we wanted . 
  those few syrians that did come to the czech republic and applied for asylum here got the asylum and were not send away . 
  we signed the geneva refugee convention from 1951 , so we are n't allowed to send anyone back to a war zone . 
  we also attempted to start a resettlement programme for people living in iraqi refugee camps , but those several dozens of people who got here through this programme revoked their asylum here and instead escaped to germany to apply for asylum there . 
  refugees from mena are n't interested in coming to the czech republic . 
   why should i show more solidarity than needed for people that do not share my humanistic values and vote bigot racist leaders in power ? 
  time to step from idealism to realism . 
  i do n't know whether you realize this but this is precisely the argument why people in ee do n't want people from mena in their countries . 
  because they think that those people do not share their values . 
  i personally think that there are backwards-thinking , racist and homophobic people everywhere in the world , but on average there is definitely more of them in an average mena country than in the czech republic . 
  i 'm in general quite happy about how liberal and secular our society is . 
  of couse there is a room for improvement , but from my point of view , the situation is n't bad here at all . 
  so if you prefer rather more people from mena than from the czech republic moving to your country , then fine , that 's your choice and you should vote for someone who would implement such immigration policy in your country . 
  so you do n't like that eastern europeans make generalizations about the refugees and do n't want to accept them because they fear that they 're unintegratable and as a response you want to halt eastern european migration because you think that everyone in ee is a racist selfish bigot ? 
  seems like you have it all figured out . 
  generalizations against people from mena = bad . 
  generalization against ee = completely fine . 
   i am not for forcing anything . 
  but the refugee question does show that even within the eu project the opinions and traditions can still be far apart . 
  well that 's fine then , we can agree that our opinions are indeed far apart in this particular matter , you take as many refugees as you want , as long as you do n't force them on us , we wo n't have a problem . 
  let each country decide who can or can not come on its territory . 
  no offence , but i think that people who come to these gatherings are those who are already convinced . 
  i agree that there are divisions within the member states as well , however not everywhere to the same extent . 
  for example in v4 countries , the general consensus in refusing mena refugees is pretty wide . 
  yes , but the thing is that we simply ca n't find the common solution in some areas . 
  we have been trying to find a common solution to the migrant crisis since 2015 , but so far , we only agreed on stronger frontex . 
  because sometimes , discussions simply will not be enough . 
  sometimes the views are too far away from each other to find a common solution .
