  it 's already happening to some extent , our companies are putting pressure on the government to make it as easy as possible for ukrainians to get work permit here and in certain fields we basically import them . 
  some people bitch about it a little bit , because they think it 's driving the salaries low ( basically the same complains that western europeans have about eastern european migrants ) , but other than that , they 're well accepted and well integrated . 
  the immigration is probably one of the few things which is working here better than in ( some ) western european countries . 
  4.2 % growth for a developed country like sweden is crazy . 
  we had similar growth last year ( 4.3 % if i recall correctly ) , but that was an extra ordinary year , this year it 's only supposted to be over 2 % . 
  it 's not really just a matter of time , it 's more about whether we will be able to do the neccessary reforms to change our economy into the western style economy ( high productivity , strong tertial sector , high added-value products and so on ) . 
  as for now , our government is not really trying to do that much , they 're left leaning , so their priority is to keep the unemployment low ( we have the lowest in eu ) . 
  estonia is doing much better job at this . 
  on the other hand , us and slovenia , unlike the baltics , are not suffering from brain drain that much , we keep our population at similar level , even growing a little bit and the migrants coming to us are very well integrated . 
  so we have that going for us . 
   the issue is that there are so many tiny countries in eastern europe which causes the region to be vastly overrepresented in the council . 
  we are not overrepresented in the council when we vote by majority . 
  the number of countries is not that important , the size of the population is . 
  and western europe has the size . 
  when voting unanimous , it also does n't matter how many countries are there in the eastern europe , it only takes one to block the decision . 
   which proposals did get declined without consideration ? 
  v4 has been saying to close the balkan route and stop the uncontroled migration months before it happened . 
  it was completely ignored , everyone said it would n't work , both juncker and merkel kept repeating that closing borders is not a solution . 
  suddenly when austria did a u-turn and decided to put a limit on the number of refugees , it was no longer so unacceptable and now even germany wants the borders to stay closed . 
  but when we were saying it , we were either ignored or worse - basically called racists xenophobes for wanting to keep the immigration under control . 
   you have a system where you can decide on laws with a majority that everyone agreed to beforehand . 
  now you make such a decision with a sufficient majority , but the people outvoted try everything to sabotage that decision . 
  is it not correct in your mind then to enforce the decision that was made with a democratic majority . 
  do you mean hungary and slovakia filing a lawsuit ? 
  that 's absolutely their right to do so , if they feel their rights have been violated . 
  or do you mean member countries being super slow implementing the decision ? 
  because that 's not just v4 countries , we 're just rather honest that we do n't like the decision and would rather like to wait how the court decides and in the meantime we will not exactly be super ethusiastic about implementing the plan . 
  basically all other member countries are also very slow , only about 2000 out of 160k have been relocated , so that ca n't only be v4 's fault , can it ? 
  but if you ask me , this was never about the 160k refugees , the resistence was always more because of the fear that the commission might try to propose a pernament system . 
  and that now happened . 
  of course that in principle i agree that we should comply even with decision that we did not vote for . 
  but the commission should be sensitive enough to know when they 're pushing too far and should not put the countries in the position when they feel like they have to rebel otherwise their basic interests might be threatened . 
  this commission is failing to do so , they 're out of touch with the reality , they 're too attached to the idea of federal europe , they 're obviously convinced that their solutions are the best , they are not willing to listen to counter-arguments and they do n't realize that they 're causing damage with these proposals with no or very little benefits . 
  if their solutions and proposals at least were good and had any chance that they could actually help to solve the crisis , then i would be the first to critize our government for trying to sabotage the solution to win political points at home . 
  but their proposals will solve nothing in the long term . 
  and they will only make more damage . 
  it 's actually quite absurd , because the commission complains that we 're getting more nationalistic , yet they 're the ones turning us more nationalistic . 
  i consider myself pro-eu and even i do n't want this proposal to pass , partly because i 'm worried about what would happen if we suddently had thousands of young middle eastern or african men in our country , being pissed off that they are forced to stay here . 
  and partly because i would really really not like to install our own orban in the process . 
  so our current government is actually being reasonable . 
  they 're opposed to quotas , because if they were n't , they would get replaced next year by someone who would . 
  it already happened in poland and look at what 's happening there . 
  and then the commission will complain how horrible the polish government is , when they 're the ones who contributed to their victory . 
  but , apparently , it 's all worth it , because now eu can send migrants to countries where they do n't want to stay , which is surely the best solution to the crisis / s. 
  not anytime soon . 
  we might catch up with spain or italy . 
  germany , benelux , northern european countries or the uk are still so far away that it 's pointless to even try to guess how long it might take . 
   i mean , it was cute to invite all these eastern nations into our common union , but what is the point if we do all the talking and you do all the listening ? 
  at some point , there has to be genuine differences of opinion and that adjustment can be too much for some who are used to be pushing you guys around . 
  i very much have this feeling when looking at the current european commission . 
  while i understand ( or at least try to understand ) that people in the commission probably feel frustrated that we are trying to block something what they see as the ideal solution to the crisis , i do n't think that 's the only reason why some of the eu officials feel some sort of resentment towards eastern europeans , specially v4 countries . 
  ever since the fall of communism , there was this teacher-pupil relationship established between the west and the east , and while we very much needed guidance back then , we do n't need it so much anymore . 
  the mentality did not really go away though , or at least that 's my impression . 
  the eu officials still see us as someone who should do the listening . 
  and you 're right , we have n't challenged the west in anything so far , there was n't really a reason to , so the more surprising it probably is for juncker and his team that they suddenly have to face this revolt . 
  i honestly think when looking at juncker and reading some of his statements , that he still see us nice success stories ( look at all the formerly poor backward devastated nations which we so generously pulled out of poverty and turned them into cute little prosperous countries ) , but not as someone who should actually have some part in the decision making . 
  so then you hear him , complaining about us being part-time europeans , saying we 're uncooperative , but his idea of cooperation is that the commission will ignore all proposals from eastern europe , while eastern europe will accept all proposals from the commission . 
  and you can see that he probably really ca n't grasp that something might be wrong with that . 
  there is like zero reflection from their side . 
  the commission is like * sigh , sigh * the eastern europeans have still a long way to go . 
  their societies are still so backward ... well , you know , they 're like troubled children , what can we do . 
  i guess let 's discipline them with a huge fine if they refuse to take the refugees and let 's give a few passive aggresive interviews to the press about how dissapointed we are with certain member countries . 
  not a single thought on whether maybe , just maybe , their approach to the crisis is not really perfect . 
  no , the eastern europeans ca n't be at least partly right , they 're now the troublemakers , so we should ignore everything they say . 
  really ? 
  i did n't know that . 
  still does n't change the fact that poland 's postcommunist development has been very impressive . 
   countries like poland and hungary though , where the government has wasted potential ca n't argue about hungary much , but seriously , poland has wasted potential ? 
  poland has been very successful ever since the fall of communism , they were the only eu country not falling into recession during the economic crisis . 
  it 's actually very impressive how far poland has come . 
  they are just having a bad government now , only a few years ago they were the success story , and i 'm sure they can get back on that track . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you , but this is not just eastern european thing . 
  people everywhere in the world get defensive when foreigners criticize their countries . 
  if the same criticism came from a local , they would probably react differently , or even agreed . 
  it 's natural that when it comes from abroad , people are more sensitive . 
  specially since some of the criticism from foreigners can often be a bit ignorant . 
  and in the west-east relationship , it also often comes off as patronizing , even if not intended . 
  yes , it is flawed . 
  yes , it is unfair . 
  but no , trying to fairly redistribute the migrants will not make it fair . 
  because the migrants will not stay here . 
  it is a human nature to seek the best conditions for yourself and your family . 
  humans are essentially selfish creatures . 
  so basically what the commission is trying to do is to fight the human nature . 
  which is just absurd . 
  right now , western european countries are able to provide better conditions for the migrants , not just because you 're richer , but also because there are already existing muslim communities in your countries , the societies are more heterogenous and so for mena migrants it 's easier to integrate in them . 
  is that fair that your countries are more attractive to migrants than our countries ? 
  well , no . 
  was it fair for eastern european countries to find themselves in the wrong part of the continent after ww2 which resulted in us rotting under soviet rule and you having the chance to develop ? 
  no , it was n't . 
  but it happened , it 's the reality , time to deal with that . 
  being a rich country means that you 're attractive to migrants . 
  the commission can try to use both positive and negative incentives to keep the migrants in our countries , but it will never work 100 % , since many of them will find it better to live illegally in germany than legally in bulgaria . 
  staying somewhere illegally will mean that they will likely get on criminal path , so you will just have to deal with more criminal gangs in your cities . 
  i sometimes honestly ca n't help but laugh at the commission and their arrogance , thinking that they can somehow change the human nature . 
  a lot of the eastern european countries ca n't even prevent their own people from immigrating . 
  and that 's people who were born there , grew up there , speak the language , have family and friends here and actual emotional ties to their home country . 
  but somehow we 're supposted to keep mena migrants here , who probably do n't even know the name of our country ? 
  that 's not just ridiculous , it 's dellusional . 
  the only way to prevent them from leaving is to lock them up ( which is unacceptable ) or restablish border controls ( which is what the commisson want to prevent in the first place ) .
