  and btw . 
  thanks for contributing with this in this subreddit , i wish more non-europeans were coming here and shared their experience . 
  i always tend to look at the us as a unified country ( even though i obviously know that it consists of more states ) , so these kind of details about what your conflicts between your states and your federal government are like are really interesting . 
  it would have never occured to me that there are some similarities between the eu and the us in this sense . 
   there are many regions where there is little to no work available . 
  public transportation exists , people can use that to get to work in a different nearby city where there is more work . 
  there are even programmes that financially compensate the travel costs for unemployed people . 
   what if you are a single mother and want to get an education ? 
  you ca n't really study anything demanding , and you will have to work at the same time , which has been shown to increase the time it takes to get the degree . 
  you could work some shit job in the meantime , but come on , 2-3 eur/hour is n't really livable . 
  i 'm sorry , but i got ta say this - tough shit . 
  if people are n't at all financially stable , do n't have a proper education or a proper job that would allow them to feed a child , then they should n't get a child . 
  use condoms if you ca n't afford to feed your kids . 
  the state is n't your nanny . 
  young peple in this country nowadays have plenty of opportunities . 
  they can get a degree for free , they can find a well-paid job after that , or they can quit after high school and still be pretty sucessful in their carreer if they are smart about their life choices . 
  if someone without any savings and without a proper education/work experience starts having a baby/babies , then that 's their choice , but they ca n't be surprised that it 's tough . 
  people should be responsible for their own lives ( of course not counting people who are in a shitty situation not by their fault , like people who get sick ) and not constantly expect that someone else will hold their hand and take care of them . 
   so down the line , maybe czechia will be able to vote for and have input on use of spending decisions , but unless the eu takes up more-stringent restrictions on use of budget to force policy than the us has , there 's probably going to be someone using the purse as a policy club to some degree . 
  as for now , the funds are not tied to any particular policy . 
  they can be withdrawn if it 's found that they were mispend ( either intentionally or due to a mistake ) , but that 's fair enough . 
  however over the last few years , several western european politicians have been saying that they want the funds to be tied to compliance with the rule of law , or even to the compliance with the refugees quota system ( i.e. 
  that countries which do not want to take refugees would be cut from the funds ) . 
  however this would require massive changes to the current system and it would be potentionally hugely politicaly explosive , so i think the eu will rather go with the tools it currently has - i.e. 
  in the case of the quotas , the commission can sue us at the court of justice and as a last instance fine us , but ca n't cut the funds for us . 
  in the case of the rule of law , it can theoretically strip a country from its voting rights , but that 's unlikely to happen , since that vote has to be unanimous and poland and hungary are guaranteed to protect each other . 
  the comparison with the us is very interesting though . 
  i 'm not sure though how big of a leverage withdrawing the federal funds is in the us . 
  i suppose it 's a very big deal for the states ? 
  because in the case of the eu , the eu funds are of course not completely insignificant , but at the same time , it 's not something that would make a country collapse if it had to do without it . 
  for example , we got extremely lots of money in the form of eu funds in 2015 , twice as much as what we typically get in other years , but it was still ` only ' 9 % of our state budget . 
  it has nothing to do with some mental hurdle of people . 
  it 's a purely economic thing . 
  having your own central bank and thus your own monetary policy allows you to use tools that you simply ca n't use anymore once you hand over that authority to a supra-national level . 
  a central bank can theoretically devalue a currency , thus make exports more easier for the country . 
  even if there is no intentional move to devalue the currency , the currency can devalue ( when its in a floating regime ) automatically as a result of a bad economic situation and as a result , exports get a boost once again and that can help a bit the economy . 
  having your own currency and your own central bank means having the ultimate authority over your finances . 
  theoretically a country can never go bankrupt in its own currency . 
  central bank can always just create whatever amount of money in its own currency , eventhough in the real life , this obviously often brings other unwated consequences ( i.e. 
  too high inflation ) . 
  but the point is , once you give up your currency and your central bank ceases to exist , you lose this ability even theoretically . 
  your currency rate can no longer copy the strength or weakness of your economy , because you share the currency with countries that can have vastly different economy than you . 
  i 'm not saying that unemployed people should n't get anything , if that 's why you think . 
  i just think that the benefits should be low enough so that it motivates people to work instead of just sitting at home , picking up their benefits and occasionally work in the shadow economy . 
  but a pressure on raising salaries needs to go hand in hand with that . 
  some professions simply pay so poorly that it 's not that surprising that some people decide they would rather collect wellfare instead . 
   there 's loads of people on every country that ca n't work for various reasons , e.g. 
  medical . 
  many of those are undiagnosed / wrongly diagnosed . 
  i was talking about people who are capable of having a job . 
  of course physically or mentally sick people who can not work deserve help . 
   there are also single mothers . 
  single mother are entitled to paid parental leave while the kids are too young to go to a kindergarten , after that they can just find a job like anyone else . 
   people without a proper education . 
  education is free in the czech republic , including the universities . 
  people without a proper education can always go back to school . 
  alternatively they can find a low-qualified job . 
  we are not yet in the stage of western european economies , where the vast majority of jobs require quite high level of education . 
  over here we still have plenty of low-qualified jobs . 
  they pay badly of course , but they 're widely available . 
  it 's not difficult to find such a job at all . 
   people in between jobs . 
  as i said , healthy adult person can find a job easily in the czech republic . 
  there 's no reason to be stuck in between in jobs for too long , unless that person thinks some jobs are beneath him/her and refuses to accept such jobs . 
  look , i get that there are plenty of people who are in a shitty situation . 
  and of course if these people have disabilities or they for some reason struggle to get by even when they have a job , they deserve help . 
  but right now , in 99 % of cases , if someone is sitting for months unemployed in the czech republic , it 's because that person just has no or very little motivation to work . 
  we 're in a situation of full-employement and there are more and more free vacancies every month . 
   do people experience poverty even though they have a job ? 
  relative poverty , meaning below 60 % of the median income ? 
  no , we have the lowest rate of that in the eu . 
  but poverty compared with the richest western european countries ? 
  yes . 
  low salaries are a problem here , even though they have been rising quite steadily in the past few years . 
  still , not an insignificant amount of people can afford just the necessities and do n't have enough money for culture/holidays/entertainment / sports and so on . 
  they 're not starving , but they do n't exactly lead the most comfortable lives . 
   plus anybody is at risk of losing everything . 
  it 's important to have a financial cushion when the worse can happen to you . 
  fortunately , if you lose a job in the czech republic right now , you have really big chances of finding a new one very quickly . 
  and as i said , even if he cuts the welfare for unemployed people , the vast majority of people wo n't mind , since they 're not unemployed . 
  as i said , it 's almost not possible to not get a job in the czech republic if you want one right now . 
  of course it wo n't necessarily be the best job ever , but unless you have some mental or physical handicap , it 's really almost impossible to stay unemployed , unless you really just do n't want to work . 
  ok , so essentially , the entire problem is about the time-frame . 
  if we say that we do n't want euro now , it 's okay , but if we say we do n't want it ever , it 's not okay . 
  in that case , i guess it 's fine , since babi\u0161 did n't say ` never ' . 
  he just did n't specify the time frame , but it 's quite clear that he 's not ideologically against the euro . 
  he is opposing it because the czech public opposes it and because he does n't want to be in a monetary union with the southern european economies due to their high level of debt and instable banking sector . 
  if these two things go away , i guess he would n't mind joining euro . 
  sweden has literaly hold a referendum on that , so you could ask , why they asked the people if they want the euro , when they 're technically obliged to adopt it ? 
  is n't that also illegal ? 
  they should n't ask them at all since by joining the eu , they already agreed to join the eurozone . 
  so no , i think a politician expressing his preference over some issue is not illegal . 
  just like when the swedish population expressed their preference , it was n't illegal . 
  72 % of czechs are against joining euro and we 're in the pre-election period , so he has a pretty strong reason . 
   the funny thing is that it seems like it 's always someone from ee or even uk who brings this `` we says ee = moochers '' stuff up . 
  maybe i missed some official statements or something . 
  any idea where this sentiment is coming from ? 
  many people from the western europe say this on this subreddit . 
  it 's not an unusual argument at all . 
  basically whenever some net-receiver country gets in an argument with the eu or with some western european country , you can mostly see several people arguing ` if you do n't like x , then you do n't have to be in the eu/you should return the money you 're getting ' .
