  this is not about how i particularely feel about things , in fact , i was trying to keep emotions out of this - this was about trying to find an effective solution to the migration problem , one which would actually be long-term sustainable and one that would n't screw over any member states . 
  afterall the migration is nowadays basically a foreign policy issue . 
  or at least a big part of it is connected to foreign policy . 
  and foreign policy is an area where you just ca n't let your emotions lead your judgement . 
  there are times when you have to make tough decisions . 
  am i happy about some people being stuck in refugee camps ? 
  no , of course i 'm not fucking happy about it . 
  but if it 's what we have to do to keep the problem under control , then we have to do it . 
  not really such a strange mentality given our historic experience . 
  we have huge trust issues when it comes to foreign powers , deep victim mentality complex combined with defensive nationalism . 
  that 's not really the kind of mix that would do well with eu-enthusiasm . 
  speaking for my country , people never really associated themselves with the eu over here . 
  the perception is that the eu is something far away from us and yes , we 're members of it , but it 's not really ours , it 's this entity that we objectively know what we 're part of , but mentally we 're separated from it . 
  there is simply us and then there is the eu . 
  for we countries , eu is basically their baby . 
  even if they do n't always like everything it does , it is still their creation . 
  for us , it 's just an institution and most people do n't believe that we have any influence there anyway . 
   because saying `` turkish minorities in germany voted for erdogan '' is extremely misleading if you 're trying to use it as an example of integration . 
  i 'm sorry , i was n't trying to be misleading , i genuinely was n't aware of the low participation level . 
  thank you for clarifying that . 
   you 're openly advocating in favor of discriminating people based on their origin . 
  that is your primary reason for not wanting to share the load once refugees are within eu borders . 
  yes , to be precise , the main concern for the czech public is islam , not the colour of the skin of the people . 
  however that does n't mean that czech authorities responsible for handling asylum cases discriminate againts muslims . 
  that 's not what is happening here . 
  those muslim people who manage to apply for asylum in the czech republic and who do qualify for it are given asylum ( or subsidiary protection ) just like any other applicants . 
  the thing is though that most never make it here to apply for asylum . 
  as i said , most do n't want to come here anyway . 
  and the convention from 1951 and the protocol from 1967 do not oblige us to take any refugees from safe countries . 
  so we 're not breaking international law . 
  we 're just breaking the eu law by not respecting the council decision from 2015 which decided to relocate the refugees from greece and italy . 
  i guess this can be solved by paying a fine . 
  if it was up to me , i would actually take the refugees that are assigned to us . 
  i 'm pretty convinced that most would very soon leave to germany anyway . 
  however this is not how the public feels here . 
  or in slovakia , hungary , poland , bulgaria , romania or the baltics . 
  if you actually had any understanding for our region and for our people , you might see the reasons why people over here feel like this . 
  but i do n't think you 'd be interested in that . 
  it 's easier to judge people as ` xenophobic ' and ` bigoted ' without trying to understand their point of view . 
  this is actually one huge problem of the eu . 
  the inability to understand opposing points of views which at the moment do not have the dominant position within the eu , but can have a dominant position in some of the member countries . 
  this is also one of the reasons why we 're losing the brits , not just `` too many polish people moved to the uk '' . 
  but because we failed to understand that the brits look at certain things differently . 
  and the same thing is happening nowadays with cee countries . 
  you being from germany are basically expressing your contempt for us , for being racists , xenophobic , bigoted , selfish assholes , but not once have you bothered to ask what is behind our attitudes . 
   63 % of the people with turkish citizenship living in germany voted for erdogan ( with 50 % of them not participating in the election ) . 
  13 % of people of turkish decent living in germany voted for erdogan . 
  both of these statements are true . 
  i 'm sorry , but i do n't understand how you mean this . 
  you seem to make a distinction between people with turkish citizenship and people of turkish descent , but if the second groups does n't have turkish citizenship , how were they allowed to vote ? 
   look , now you 're arguing hypothetical doom and gloom scenarios in the future . 
  i know it seems far-fetched , but it really is n't such an unrealistic scenario . 
  climate changes are happening . 
  the demographics of middle east and africa is also something that we ca n't change . 
  the region is unable to reach political and social stability even under current conditions , let alone in the future , when the enviromental conditions are gon na be much worse . 
  as for the geneva convention from 1951 and the protocol from 1967 - these both only oblige us to grant refugee status to those who are eligible and who can reach our country to apply for it here . 
  it does n't say anything about accepting refugees from other safe countries . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , the refugees are not interested in coming to the czech republic anyway . 
  so we 're not breaking these two treaties . 
   nope . 
  the scenario was specifically `` they 're in greece and greece is asking the eu for help '' . 
  well and in my opinion we should do more to prevent them from getting to greece . 
  i just wanted to mention that even if it does n't fit in your scenario , because i think it 's important if we want to talk about long-term sustainable solution . 
  you talk about greece a lot , but with your current approach , you 're not gon na help them in the long term . 
  what would really help greece and italy would be if we sent a clear signal that anyone coming to these countries illegally will not get to europe . 
  that would eventually eliminate the incentives to come to greece or italy in the first place . 
   if you mean `` fences and walls '' aka letting people rot on the other side of them that 's against fundamental human rights and the right to asylum . 
  by joining the eu all countries , including the v4 and their populations , agreed to uphold these standards . 
  you can only apply for asylum once they 're physically present here . 
  if we keep them in refugee camps close to their own country , then they ca n't apply for asylum here and thus , no international treaty is broken . 
  there is no right to apply in a country of your choosing in any international treaty . 
   the rich life they seek ? 
  what about , you know , a life in a non-war torn country ? 
  the vast majority of them coming from africa are not coming from war-torn countries . 
  additionally from those few dozens that my country accepted directly from iraq , the majority of them escaped to germany . 
  the same thing happened in poland , the baltics , romania and bulgaria , it 's also to lesser extent happening in portugal . 
  the refugees overwhelmingly want to go to rich we countries , not to my country , hungary or poland . 
  afaik there is no war in czechia , hungary or poland . 
  this makes me question the refugees ' real motivations . 
   and now you are pushing the exact same narrative . 
  i was n't really pushing anything , but fine , if you want to go there - it 's a not just some deluded feeling that many people from mena countries have not integrated very well in we . 
  turkish minorities in germany , netherlands or belgium vote for erdogan , so please , tell me more about how they accepted european values , because erdogan for sure is such a champion of european values . 
  france 's maghreb communities could very well be described as immigrant ghettos . 
  sweden is currently constructing them as well . 
  it 's just a fact that there are different cultures on this planet and those cultures stand on different values and sometimes those values are not compatible with each other . 
  if you want to pretend that an average czech person is culturally as distant to germany as some poor illiterate farmer from afghanistan who grew up basically in a tribal highly patriarchal society - then fine , you can pretend like that is the case , but please do n't expect me to do the same . 
  now , obviously i 'm not saying that everyone from afghanistan is unintegratable in germany . 
  or that every czech person will just smoothly fit in . 
  i 'm just saying that on average , people in the czech republic are closer to germans than people from afghanistan . 
  and i 'm not even trying to claim that it 's always the fault of the migrants/refugees when they fail to integrate . 
  they may even have the intention to fully integrate , but they simply do n't manage it . 
  the rent prices drive them to poor neighbourhoods with already strong immigrant communities and this makes integration harder . 
  some people are simply not smart enough to learn a foreign language well at an adult age . 
  some people just ca n't cope with all the trauma they 've been through , some just ca n't get used to a completely different culture , even if they really wanted to . 
   the line gets drawn at the actions of the individual . 
  not their nationality , not their color of skin , not their language , not their culture and not their religion . 
  of course this would be the ideal if it could be like this . 
  but this is not how people will operate , if we do n't get the migration under control in the upcoming decades . 
  as i said , the prospects of the middle east and africa are really bad . 
  it could be that in the future , there will be migration waves not of thousands of people , or hundreds of thousands of people , but of millions .
