  seriously , czech people are impossible to please nowadays . 
  i think the only way for the current situation to calm down is through actual positive experience . 
  people have to see than it is possible to integrate these people . 
  i just really hope that some of the people we will get will not commit crimes here . 
  imagine if sexual assaults by muslim immigrants happened in the czech republic . 
  that would cause such a shitstorm that we would probably get a far-right goverment in the next election term . 
  yeah , i 'm sure they 'll be thrilled to hear that . 
  but hey , i do n't think that will stop them from leaving poland asap . 
  i might have just missed it , but since when is it supposted to work like this ? 
  i have n't heard any politician proposing this sort of solution . 
  it could perhaps work , but somehow when i see calais i have a feeling that a lot of the migrants will rather stay somewhere illegally and simply rely on the help from ngos and avoid the state authorities . 
  they could just apply for an asylum/residence permit in france , but no , they want to go to the uk . 
  and i suspect the motivation to leave will be even stronger in the case of germany and the czech republic/poland/or basically any other ee country . 
  here in the czech republic it 's a combination of many things . 
  during the communism regime the society was closed and very homogenous with almost zero foreign influence . 
  it only started to open up in the 90s , but basically only to people who are either christians or atheists . 
  people do n't know any muslims . 
  all they know about them is from news reports - so basically terrorism , isis , taliban , 9/11 , sharia law , ghettos in the we , bad treatment of women in the middle east , cologne and so on . 
  that 's a lot of negative stuff . 
  and no positive experience to balance that out . 
  plus people here do n't feel like they are responsible for this . 
  their logic goes like this : we did n't have any colonies , we did n't create this mess in the middle east , we have our own poor people , why should n't we be helping them instead ? 
  the refugees do n't really need our help anyway , they have already crossed several safe countries , so they are actually economic migrants who only want to go to rich countries . 
  and what if they do n't integrate , what if they attack our women/children , what if they try to bring their families and start their own closed communities and create ghettos like they did in the western europe ? 
  no thank , we would rather not risk that . 
  i would say a lot of the fears are actually somewhat legitimate , but they are unfortunately blown way out of proportions . 
  i hope it will calm down a little bit once people find out that a few hundreds of refugees will be managable ( it will actually be much less , since a lot of them will just leave to germany anyway ) . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i do n't see how having their fingerprints in the european database will prevent them from traveling to other countries . 
  we are in schengen , there are no border controls between germany and the czech republic , so no one will check their fingerprints at the borders . 
  and even if some one did , i do n't think it 's legal to force them to stay in a specific country . 
  i mean are we supposted to lock them up somewhere or what ? 
  they will not get czech citizenship . 
  that would take years and the conditions are pretty strict . 
  as soon as they get the asylum , they will be in germany . 
  western politicians must be aware of this , they just simply choose to ignore it , so they can pretend that they achived the `` european solution . '', 
  yep . 
  one of our diplomats mentioned that at first there was not much interest among the refugees to go to the czech republic or poland , but now the interest is rising , because `` they saw on a map that we are neighboring germany . '', 
  on the bright sight , at least they are apparently getting better at european geography . 
  i 'm very sorry to hear about your gf . 
  perhaps as a white girl , who is mostly surrounded by liberal thinking people , i do n't fully understand what it 's like to live in cz for a non-white person . 
  i would just like to point out that people lived here for decades in a very homogenous closed society and the country only started to open up in the 90s . 
  but that is of course no excuse . 
  the russians are often disliked here , that 's true , but to be honest , they sometimes act very arrogant , like they are not on a vacation but visiting their former colony or something . 
  i have personal experience with russian tourists and it 's not very pleasant . 
  and i think v4 countries are now taking the russian threat more seriously , we have joined battle-groups , we are raising our defense budget ( yes , we should have started with that way sooner ) , we are supporting strong nato presence in ee and georgie 's membership aspiration . 
  obviously you ca n't seriously think that we have enough influence in nato to push through `` a zone of nato occupation '' in ukraine . 
   i 'm not sure what the solution is , but i know it is n't putting them in walled ghettos and kicking their kids our of school . 
  come on , they are not in `` walled '' ghettos and their kids are not put in special schools unless they lag behind the other children badly ( mostly due to neglected upbringing ) . 
  they have been given new apartments and it often ended up with them demolishing the flats . 
  after that no one wanted to rent them a place to live , so they had to go to the cheapeast and shittiest apartments , then white flight happened and boom you have ghettos . 
  it 's not like anyone forced them or put them behind a fence . 
  the reality is that western europe critize us because of the lack of success in roma integration , but they have their own problems with certain minorities and they are also unable to solve that . 
  and that 's because it 's really hard to integrate people who have zero will to be integrated . 
  you can try both positive and negative incentives but it will not work when the people just do n't care . 
  and unfortunately that goes for most of the roma people in cz , they are just not interested . 
   what i would rather see is for the european allies to take this part of the european neighborhood as seriously as they took yugoslavia 20 years ago sorry , but middle east is not yugoslavia . 
  yugoslavia was in europe , so the balkan wars were naturally something that europe was involved in a lot . 
  the middle east is ( after the end of colonization era ) mostly an american area of interest . 
  yes , europe will be forced to be much more active in the mena region in the future , but it will hardly play the most important role . 
  eu might have a bigger population and gdp than the us , but unlike us , we are not one country . 
  we are a bunch of countries with different goals and interests and it 's hard to find a common position on basically any foreign-policy issue . 
  this simply does n't allow us to be such a strong and effective force as the us . 
  we ca n't play america 's role . 
  but i agree we could and should do more . 
  i hope this refugee crisis and the ukrainian crisis will be a wake up call for european politicians . 
  wtf man ? 
  i mean , i will be the first to admit that my country has some deep issues and yes , the current level of hysteria about the refugees is reaching crazy levels . 
  but do you seriously think that small cee countries have any say in what is happening in syria/iraq ? 
  i mean , what would you have us do ? 
  we do send weapons and ammunition to the kurds , we contribute financially through un or eu , what else are we supposted to do ? 
  send our troops to iraq or syria , when even the us wo n't do that ? 
  you mention russia - so what exactly do you think we could do about that ? 
  russia does n't even see as partners . 
  they only see us as a tool in breaking the unity of eu . 
  russia only understands strength and we will never have as much power as they do . 
  what kind of leverage do you think we have over them ? 
  of course our only way to deal with russia is to cooperate with the us and eu . 
  we are a 10 million , ( in european terms ) rather poor nation , not a fucking superpower . 
  the roma problem is a big issue , yes , but it is not as one-sided as you think . 
  basically every goverment comes up with a new strategy how to integrate them . 
  nothing ever works . 
  not just in our country , these problems are everywhere . 
  integration is a two-way street . 
  if someone does n't want to be integrated , that it is really hard to do anything about that . 
  and he will then teach this attitude to his kids and by the time they reach school age , it 's already hard to work with them properly . 
  it is a really complicated problem , but it 's not like no efforts are being made . 
  and it 's not like you guys do n't have any troubles with ghettos in the us as well . 
  other than that , there are other minorities living in cz and they are not bullied . 
  vietnamese are not bullied , poles , slovaks and ukrainians are not bullied . 
  gays are also not bullied . 
  you have idiots in every country , but it certainly does n't happen on large scale . 
  i do n't want to sound butt-hurt , but your criticism seems really unfair and even a bit arrogant , like you are not trying to see it from our perspective . 
  or even understand that there are other perspectives . 
  yep , i know , i have tons of female slovakian friends so i get to witness the effect it has on czech guys first hand :d but imo slovak sounds really gut even in male voice , it 's just a very pleasant language in general . 
  slovak , because it 's basically much cuter and softer version of my own language . 
  the cultural factor is pretty strong for sure . 
  czechs do n't like migrating even within the country once they settle down . 
  he was elected as a left-wing candidate during the economical crisis after the right-wing goverment went through several scandals . 
  the second strongest candidate was a govermental politician and people hated the goverment at that time .
