  there are two sides to that relationship , with germany being one of the sides . 
  your government is just as much responsible for the bilateral relations as poland is and some of the steps taken by the german governments have not been very polish-friendly too . 
  so perhaps if you 'd like better polish-german relations , firstly think about who you vote for instead of who polish people vote for . 
   i wish the people protesting in poland good luck because corruption is a good friend of russia and it must not be allowed to win . 
  rule of law needs to exist so it can stop such abuse of power . 
  you know , obviously i do n't want poland to turn authoritarian , but theoretically , you do n't need to be a democracy to oppose russia . 
  there are plenty of autocratic countries or hybrid regimes that do oppose russia . 
  and there are also democratic countries which are relatively russian-friendly . 
  kaczynski absolutely hates russian government . 
  he blames them ( and the polish opposition ) for the death of his brother . 
  there is no way that he 's going let poland on pro-russia path no matter how much power he tries to grab for himself . 
   from the article itself it is revealed that croatia may not like the us very much it 's obvious that the article puts two different croatian points of view against each other . 
  one that is more us-friendly and one that is less us-friendly . 
  it 's completely normal that you have politicians with different views in every country , that does n't mean that the whole croatia does n't like the us very much . 
  they 're even the ones interested in importing energy supplies from the us . 
  but yeah , you 're right that different tsi countries have different views on russia , some view the threat of russia more accutely than others . 
  but as i said , you do n't need everyone on board to achieve some solid results . 
   i just hope the current polish government does n't take on a `` western threat '' and allows itself to slowly fall in a hole of russian propaganda . 
  no matter what approach poland will have towards the eu , it 's extremely unlikely that they would ever fall to russian propaganda and become russian-friendly . 
  poland is one of the most reliable countries if you look for someone who will support you against russia . 
  it 's [ this article ] ( https://www.economist.com/news/europe/21725025-angela-merkel-troubled-presidents-chumminess-putin-and-poland-germany-fears-donald ) . 
  and the economist is a respectable magazine , i do n't think it 's likely that they would publish something completely unsourced . 
  sure , but you do n't need full participation of all tsi countries in all areas of cooperation to achieve some fairly good results . 
  even though you 're right that the prospects are limited . 
  of course poland is unlikely to position itself as some indispusted leader of cee with a similar influence of germany . 
  but to counter german-russian energetic cooperation ? 
  that 's doable and that should be one of the main priorities of tsi . 
  closer military cooperation with the support of the us is also absolutely doable . 
  of course that does n't mean that we ca n't or should n't cooperate with germany or other we countries as well , but relying on them would be stupid . 
  i know you might disagree with poland 's foreign policy . 
  i also do n't agree with all of what they do . 
  but the reality is that romania and poland are in a similar geopolitical position . 
  you should n't refuse all cooperation , just because you happen to not like the current polish government . 
  some tsi countries see it more as a geopolitical project , while others are more interested in deeper economic and infrastructural cooperation . 
  there is no one united way of looking at tsi . 
  tsi itself is an informal platform , similar to how v4 operates , it does n't formally bind the member countries to anything , thus it 's really no way close to any strong geopolitical organization . 
  there is nothing wrong with more regional cooperation . 
  i agree that the project possibly does have some geopolitical ambitions as well , specially from the polish perspective , but that 's also not necessarily a bad thing , as long as it does n't escalate into something unreasonable . 
  the new member states do n't have quite as strong position in the eu as they could have , so there 's nothing wrong in getting a bit more assertive . 
  of course that does n't mean getting confrontational . 
  we 'll see how this project develops . 
  it also might be one big nothing . 
  the main representative of the czech government is the pm and when it comes to external affairs , the fm though . 
  i do n't think you can count all the statements of all the ministers as some official czech stand . 
  the official channel of official governmental statements is the office of the government . 
  but never mind , even when sobotka and zaoralek ( the fm ) say nothing , they 're both fairly pro-eu and thus i 'm willing to bet they are not very keen on the polish reforms . 
  they just do n't want to scold poland in public . 
  poland is a close ally of ours and so some open criticism can hardly be expected . 
  it 's an overall uncomfortable position to be in for the czech republic and i bet czech politicians hope it wo n't come to any voting at the eu level , because at that point it 's a lose-lose situation for us . 
  either we have to turn on v4 or turn on the eu . 
  the judiciary in the czech republic can make whatever statements they want , they do not represent the government and the pm though and they do not have to have the same opinion . 
  sobotka has not said a word about the situation in poland . 
  nor has the foreign minister . 
  at least not in public . 
  the only government member that did publicly speak about it is the justice minister . 
  he sent a letter to the polish justice minister , asking him to re-consider the reforms . 
   way too many words for the fact czech judges are less independent than polish judges even after the reform . 
  let 's wait and see how will the indepedence of polish and czech judges look when/if polish government pushes through the reforms . 
  what is written as a law is one thing , what happens in reality is another and both things are important . 
  you can say that customs are a joke , but as you can see , this `` joke '' has been followed in the czech republic ever since the revolution . 
  we have had different presidents , tons of different justice ministers from all sorts of parties and none have been significantly trying to break these customs . 
  even now , when ano ( which is frequently accused of wanting to worsen democratic standards ) holds the justice ministry and when zeman is the president ( and it 's very well known that zeman and babi\u0161 help each other out ) it 's still not happening . 
  the head of the regional courts still have the main say . 
  the current justice minister even wrote his polish counterpart expressing his disapproval over the reforms . 
  theoretically he can , but practically it does n't happen , the heads of the regional courts have the main say . 
  it 's been basically customarily established like that . 
  the president can also refuse to appoint any of the suggested names , yet the only time this happened was when klaus was president and it was because he thought the candidates were too young for the position , not because of their political affiliation . 
  also , this `` apocalyptic '' reform is n't only about who will choose the judges , but also about the possibility of removing judges from their functions . 
  which is definitely not something the executive power can do in the czech republic . 
  they 're appointed by the president who gets the names from the justice minister . 
  it also has to be contrasigned by the government . 
  however it 's the heads of the regional courts who have the main input , because they 're the ones who are sending the recommended names to the justice minister in the first place . 
  both the justice minister and the president can make adjustments to the list , but the chief judges of the regional courts make the main selection . 
  source : have a friend who is in the final year of her law studies and who is seriously considering to try to become a judge . 
  she says the crucial thing for her is to win an assistent position at the regional court so that she can get the recommendation . 
  so yeah , it 's mostly the judges who choose other judges in the czech republic . 
  the system is more vulnerable to personal favouritism than political pressure . 
   yeah , you can tweak the system so that applications get lost in the bureaucracy and make it difficult or impossible to meet the requirements , but all it takes to break that is one decent lawyer with one decent appeal case on constitutional grounds ( and a country where the courts are actually independent , of course ) . 
  do you have any friends/relatives living in the developing world ? 
  or even in some eastern european countries ? 
  because these people get their tourist visa rejected with no solid explanation all the time . 
  simply the assumption that they might try to overstay is enough to reject them . 
  so far , i have n't noticed that any lawyer would be able to help with that . 
  it 's a really pretty common practice . 
  in my country , the similar goes for granting a long-term stay permit . 
  if there are circumstances suggesting that the person might overstay their permit or that they might misuse the purpose of their stay , they can be rejected . 
  of course it 's not possible to officially state that a nationality is a reason for rejection , but i 'm pretty sure people from certain countries face much heavier scrutiny than on average . 
   the state does n't have the right to discriminate on basis of ethnic background maybe not based on ethnic background , but based on nationality , a state absolutely can and does discriminate very often . 
  basically all countries have preferential regimes for some selected countries and on the contrary make immigration ( or even getting tourist visa ) for some other countries extremely difficult , sometimes basically impossible . 
  it happens all the time . 
   and i can perfectly well understand the eastern european countries objections to nord stream including poland . 
  they were collateral damage in germanys goal to reduce the potential threats to it 's energy supply , which the ukraine was at the time the project was started . 
  ( and russia was n't going full bonkers ) i get that . 
  i understand that from the german point of view , ns2 made sense , since it provided the possibility of having more secure and possibly cheaper gas . 
  i do n't really blame you . 
  at the same time , when you signal this kind of behaviour towards russia , you just wo n't be able to have too friendly relations with poland regardless of who is in power in poland . 
  poland geopolitical position and historic experience is totally different from that of france , so to them , it 's not enough that germany exhibits friendly relations towards poland , they also look for reliability when it comes to support against russia . 
  and so far they have been more likely to find this in the us . 
  it 's nothing against germany , it 's simply how it is . 
  ah , i see , thanks .
