  and if they get away with it , they will try it again , sooner or later . 
  you are right , there is a lot in stake . 
  my country was also sold out once , in 1938 to hitler , because the other european countries thought that would keep the peace in the continent . 
  guess how that turned out . 
  i 'm not saying the situation now is as dramatic as it was the 1930s , but it resembles it a little bit . 
  and yes , the country is divided and not everyone wants to belong to the west . 
  this probably has something to do with the fact that the people living in the east speak mostly russian only and all the news they get are from russian propaganda bullshit tv channels . 
  well informed , educated people are way more likely to be either pro-western or neutral . 
  and no , ukraine can not just fix their own problems without the support of the west . 
  they have to do a lot by themselves and so far they have been failing to some extent , but do you understand how hard it is to rebuild a country , which is facing military aggresion from one of the world 's power ? 
  without political stability it 's incredibly difficult to pursue any reforms . 
  and it 's not just military aggresion they have to fight , it 's also energetical and propaganda war . 
  and it was n't european officials who started the protests . 
  the frustration with yanukovych regime was growing for years . 
  well actually the frustration with ukrainian politicians in general was growing and people wanted the european perspective way before the maidan . 
  when yanukovych refused to sign the association agreement it was the last drop . 
  people would have been furios even if no european/us officials showed up . 
  it might have given them more hope , but they would have protested either way . 
  european influence ? 
  you mean that young ukrainian educated people could see how well other european countries are working and decided that they are fed up being a pawn in a russian geopolitical strategy ? 
  yeah well , let 's better turn our countries into shitholes so we do n't inspire people from other countries to pursue democracy , free trade and rule of law . 
  look i 'm not saying all is well in ukraine . 
  the country is struggling big time , it 's politically divided , the corruption is at crazy levels , but the least we can do is to support them on the reform track . 
  and it 's in europe 's interest as well . 
  stable , strong and democratic ukraine will benefit your country in the long term . 
  pushing them back to russia will not work , it will only encourage putin to continue with his bully tactics against other neighbours as well . 
  appeasing the aggresor never works . 
  this is not how you get peace . 
  this is not how you get the russians from crimea and eastern ukraine . 
  yes , netherlands is not located close to russia , but you are part of europe as well , so it would affect you indirectly , like it or not . 
  it 's pretty short-sided to just look at how much money this possible could make for you and then decide it 's not worth it while completely ignoring the long-term benefits of having stable , prosperous countries as eu neighbours . 
  look at north africa and the middle east and you can see how great it works out when we let the countries geographically close to us go to hell . 
  obviously in the case of mena countries the situation is very complicated and our options to make things better there are limited . 
  but in the case of ukraine , we can actually do something . 
  but i guess being from the former eastern bloc makes me much more sympathethic to the ukrainian struggle since my country went through similr process in the 90s . 
  i have friends from ukraine who are living in the czech republic and i would absolutely hate to see their dreams crushed . 
  i kinda understand that this is not how people see it in the west . 
  totally agree . 
  just like your ex minister for foreign affairs said - we have a false sense of security . 
  but poland at least still spends a lot on military . 
  politicians in cz think nothing can ever happen and will spend money on anything but defense . 
  we only give like 1.1 gdp . 
  it 's pretty shameful actually considering it 's pretty clear that the us is shifting the attention to asia . 
  this is just something i fail to understand . 
  you want to punish a country , which is facing military aggresion on its territory and undergoing a huge economical and political struggle , just to make a statement against the eu ? 
  are you even serious ? 
  i would have some understanding if your no vote was motivated by fears of immigration from ukraine ( let me tell you this , we have tens of thousands ukrainian workers in our country and they are the best immigrants ever - hard working , eager to learn the language , not causing any troubles at all ) , but seriously kicking a country which is already on its knees is such a dickish move to make . 
  there are plenty of young pro-western people in ukraine , who went to the streets willing to risk a lot , even their lives , while protesting in favour of this agreement and now you want to tell them to fuck off ? 
  just to make a statement that you do n't like the eu ? 
  sorry but that disgusts me . 
  this article is full of crap . 
  it sees v4 's legitimate concerns about immigration as something totally unfounded while ignoring all the problems that multiculturalism brought to the western europe . 
  i also do n't appreciate the author 's patronising tone . 
  basically she is saying : we gave you subsidies , so now you should do everything exactly like us , because our way of doing things is automatically superior and we know everything better . 
  including what 's best for you . 
  so shut up , and just follow our lead , multiculturalism is great . 
  at the same time i totally agree with her that the authoritarian tendencies in the region are indeed worrying , specially in hungary and poland for now . 
  and yes , the democratic tradition is not as strong as in the west , that is also true . 
  but i really do n't like that the author just mixed these thing all together , suggesting that being sceptical to immigration = being anti-democratic . 
  these kind of opinions are only pushing those sceptical of immigration to the orban-zeman-fico-kaczynski camp , because it implies that if you are against large number of muslim refugees/migrants coming , you are surely also an illiberal , conservative nationalist . 
  which is ridiculous , opposing large numbers of people who are likely to hold pretty illiberal views themselves ( just look at the part of the world they are from , it 's not exactly a liberal paradise , it is ? 
  ) , does not make you anti-democratic . 
  yeah , i know , i do n't even think of slovaks as foreigners . 
  half of my uni friends are slovaks . 
  and we always joke about them studying `` abroad '' , because it 's so absurd . 
  they feel literaly like home here . 
  hmm . 
  who could that be ? 
  perhaps that little country sharing our southeastern border . 
  they seem kinda familiar . 
  but only if they ditch euro and start using our mighty koruna again . 
  it will be interesting to see if it works . 
  yeah i know . 
  but it 's not like thousands of people are eager to move here . 
  this 150 people wanted to come . 
  others prefer different countries . 
  poland took christian refugees too and most of them left to germany . 
  that 's kind of a dick move , because you invest in them , you pay for the transfer , the accomodation and everything and for what ? 
  so i guess we tried to find those who are really interested in staying here . 
  and that is probably not so many people . 
  we are actually doing that . 
  we are taking some 150 iraqi christians directly from refugee camps in lebanon or iraq . 
  so is slovakia and poland . 
  but they do n't count in the eu quota . 
  and i do n't think we would be allowed to pick christians only from the people who are already in turkey . 
  not to mention that it would probably be a problem to find them . 
  i have read somewhere that only 6 % of the syrian refugees are christian . 
  and some of them might not be in turkey , they might in lebanon or jordan , or already in germany or sweden . 
  so yeah , that 's not really an option . 
  i totally agree , except for the last part . 
  i 'm afraid that at this point , no action by eu will make people happy . 
  every single plan will be seen as bad . 
  deal with turkey ? 
  boo , turkey is an islamist shithole , we should n't accept any of their demands !, 
  no deal with turkey ? 
  eu ca n't stop the migrant flow , close the borders immediately !, 
  give more money directly to refugee camps in jordan and lebanon ? 
  pff , why are we spending so much money on this , we have our own poor people !, 
  no or little money for the refugee camps ? 
  omg , why are there so many people coming here , why do n't they stay in the `` safe '' countries ?
