  why not keep it informal all the way ? 
  there is good reason why , historically , nations adopted institutions . 
  i 'm not saiyng institutions are n't important . 
  yes , they do provide a platform and certain framework , a code of conduct , if you will , however in the case of the eu , i do n't think they have the power to overcome the huge gaps between the power status of the member countries . 
  you can very well say that all member countries are equally represented in the european commission and the european council and smaller member countries are over-represented in the parliament , but then when you look how the european institutions actually work and what they reflect , i think it 's clear who really has the most influence there . 
  and i 'm not saying this is some grand-conspiracy , it 's really just a logical result of the fact that the differences between the relative strength of the member countries are too big and at the same time , the mental gaps between the populations are also rather large in certain areas which makes it harder to look for a compromise . 
  that 's why when it comes to the most controversial topics ( like the refugee/migrant crisis or ns2 and the us sanctions ) you can see that it 's not possible to find a compromise and instead you have the stronger part of the eu trying to use the eu as a tool to force their own views on everybody . 
  or did you see juncker asking all the member countries whether they agree that he will issue a threat of retaliation against the us for their sanctions against russia in the name of the entire eu ? 
  no , he just casually says ` the eu will do this and that ' , because apparently that 's what the commission does , just reflect the interests of germany and couple of other western european countries as the interests of the entire eu . 
  so as you can see , yes , cee countries might as well go to washington to lobby for their energetic interests instead of to brussels , because they actually have a bigger chance of succeeding there . 
  which is btw . 
  what has been happening in the past . 
  poland has been lobbying for us liquid gas in europe for quite some time , because they very well known that the commission will do nothing against ns2 . 
  the baltics are spending vast amounts of energy in their lobbying efforts in washington in order to secure us commitment to their region , because they know that if the push came to shove , it 's gon na be us soldiers , not german or other western european soldiers playing the main part in the baltics . 
  so , no , i do n't agree with you that it 's necessarily easier to secure support in brussels , just because in brussels , we have an institutional representation . 
  in some areas , it 's easier to secure us support , because our interests simply allign better . 
   ofc . 
  you can secede in a federation . 
  the us model is n't the only one , you can make this part of the constitution . 
  yeah , good point . 
  though it 's unclear what the constitution would be like in this hyphothetical eu federation . 
   because your only other option is to accept all decisions . 
  you have informal channels through which you can try to influence the decision as well . 
  granted , in the federation , you also have formal channels . 
  you have representatives , you have some voting power . 
  however if you 're a small member country with a population of a several million , these formal channels wo n't really help you that much , if you happen to go against the majority . 
  sure , you can vote , but you 'll be outvoted . 
  and then you have to comply with the decision . 
  you can have a referendum , but that has no legal power and the eu can freely ignore it , just like it happened with the greek or hungarian referenda . 
  so what actual means through the ` democratic process ' do you have ? 
  in the end , the informal channels is what counts the most and those work similarely in both cases . 
   britain 's involvment in iraq against massive popular resistance yeah , it was unpopular , but not as unpopular as the idea of the uk becoming a member of the eu federation . 
  it 's clear that close uk-us ties is something the british public can accept even though it sometimes brings something they disagree with . 
  but closer ties with the eu - no , the british public evidently does n't even want ties on the current level . 
   neither was the nsa scandal in germany , which was widely reported for more than a year . 
  i admit that germany is a different case . 
  german public would probably rather ditch the allience with the us and continue with the eu federalization . 
  not all countries have this approach though . 
  in my country , what we do for the us is much more acceptable to the public than what we would have to do as a part of federal europe . 
  in fact many people think that the eu already has too many authorities now . 
   the real measure of american power is that they can persuade their allies to accept decisions either against their population 's wishes or at least forcing their ally 's government to ignore a proper democratic decision-making process suitable for big decisions . 
  yet , some people claim this situation amounts to sovereignty , even reg . 
  highly visible policies . 
  you can always say no to them though . 
  sure , it would bring negative consequences , sometimes very severe ones , but the possibility is always there . 
  in a federation , this option is n't there anymore . 
  you cease to exist as an indepedent country in the international system and thus you are formally not sovereign anymore . 
  if the federal government does n't give you a permission , you can not unilateraly decide to leave , like the uk has decided . 
  in a federation , you hand over both the formal and informal control to another body , not just the informal part , as in the case where you 're partly dependent on some other powerful state . 
  i do not deny that some us actions have negative impacts on europe , however a lot of these impacts play with the `` what if '' logic . 
  for example , if the us did n't intervene in iraq , would that mean that syria would n't go to shit ? 
  because i would n't be so sure about that . 
  sure , isis used to instability in syria to expand , but the main conflict line was always between assad and his supporters and the various rebels and their supporters and it all started with the arab spring . 
  the instability in libya was largely caused by european countries , not be the us and the fact that most of africa is poor and over-populated also is n't solely us fault . 
  also , we do n't know how iraq would develop if the us did n't intervene . 
  surely looking at it from todays perspective , we can see that the invasion was a massive mistake and that it was poorly executed . 
  but we will never know what would happen if saddam stayed in power . 
  it 's possible that he could start massive persecutions of iraqi kurds and other minority groups which could also cause a big refugee wave . 
  but regardless of who caused what and who is more at fault , my point was that to some people , these things are of secondary importance . 
  they might rant about us war-mongering , but in the end the fact that their country has to send a several hundreds of soldiers to some shithole in the middle east is easier to swallow than the idea of becoming a part of federation that does n't just influence some part of their foreign policy , but that sets virtually all the foreign policy + lots of other policies , including the internal policies . 
  i agree that there are other effect that the us has on its allies , but those are often hardly visible to those who are interested in such things , let alone the general public . 
  the eu has a ` problem ' that it 's a bit more transparent in this regard . 
  it just says ` here 's a directive that you all have to follow and if you do n't , you 'll end up in a court and you 'll be forced to pay fines ' . 
  that 's straightforward , everybody understands that . 
  some back-door secret deals is not what everyone can see and understand . 
   all de jure sovereignty means nothing if your parliament has to enact foreign policies lest it suffers the consequences you know , the thing is that most people do n't actually care that much about foreign policy . 
  in some countries , they care more about it than in other countries , but i would say it 's the case everywhere that most people tend to care more about internal policies than about foreign policy . 
  this is why i think the idea of being closely alligned to the us is in some countries more acceptable than eu federation . 
  of course people will rant about the us , but the reality is that the us does n't actually want that much from its european allies . 
  they expect you to hold a certain general pro-western political line , they expect you to take part in nato missions , but that 's pretty much it . 
  even the demand to spend 2 % on defense will probably not force all nato members to actually spend 2 % on defense and it 's unlikely that the us would take any significant measures against those countries . 
  apart from defense obligations , the us does n't really care what you do in your country . 
  the us is not telling you how many refugees you should accept . 
  the us is not telling you what guns are permissible . 
  in fact the us really has no ambition to regulate anything in the internal policies of your country . 
  that 's why for people who are sensitive about national sovereignity and who wish to have as little foreign intereference in their country as possible , the allience with the us might be more easy to swallow , since the consequences of it are not that visible in the everyday lives of people . 
  the eu on the other hand has the authorities and also tendencies to intervene in the ` visible areas ' much more often . 
  oh , really ? 
  i did n't know that . 
  it was n't really described like that in the media . 
  the concrete details about how it happened are unknown . 
  the only known thing is that the robber stabbed the shop assistent and the shop owner reacted by shooting him . 
  whether the robber saw the shop owner pulling the gun and if so how he reacted is unknown . 
  the police already classified the case as self-defence though . 
  you say that nobody wears guns and then follow by saying that you 'd feel safer if nobody was wearing them ? 
  that really does n't make any sense . 
  you should already feel safe , since as you said - guns are not that widespread here . 
  and yeah , i agree that the talks about czech gun culture are somewhat over-stated , also because it 's a useful topic for anti-eu people to bash the eu . 
  at the same time , just because gun owners are a minority does n't mean their opinions are irrelevant . 
  it 's natural that they are the most vocal about it , since they are the ones affected . 
  nope , it counts for everyone , but it 's true that eu citizens can get the residence permit much easier . 
  still though , the exam you have to pass has two parts , one is practical , the other is written . 
  and the written one is only in czech . 
  so unless the foreigner speaks czech ( or slovak ) , he 's not gon na pass the exam . 
  smuggled by whom ? 
  and are those weapons legally owned or do they come from the black market ? 
   if a weapon is banned , shops do n't have them , and there 's no chance of it ending up on the black market . 
  you do realize that just by banning something , you are not going to make that thing disappear ? 
  guns are here to stay in on way or another and it 's ridiculous to think that mafia is getting their guns from law-abiding czech citizens who went through the hassle of obtaining a gun-license . 
  seriously , these people have to go through several checks to prove their reliability , we do not just hand out gun permits like candy .
