why do you keep saying it 's a small amount of people , when this new plan clearly has no upper limit . 
  it should be triggered every time there is a crisis . 
  no one knows how many people that could be in the future . 
  when is what election ? 
  it probably wo n't need unanimous support , last time when the one-time system was passed , it was voted by qualified majority . 
  our pm already stated that he will try to push this to the european council level , where the unanimous support would be needed , but he already said this last time , so i would n't be surprised it this was voted by qualified majority again . 
  i do n't know what they 're thinking anymore . 
  the most absurd thing is that the migrants do n't want to come to our countries and will do everything to play the system . 
  and even if we prevent them for playing it , we will end up with bunch of angry syrians , iraqis or eritreans who will never integrate in our societies , because they will be frustrated that they have to stay here in the first place . 
  i 've read a theory in the czech media , that they 're trying to appease southern european and german mps in the euro parliament to get them to vote for visa lifting for turkey , but i guess that ca n't be the only reason . 
  i seriously do n't understand why is the commission doing this , seems like nowadays the commission consists of people who are very convinced that their vision of the future eu asylum system is the right one and they 're willing to push for it hard . 
  even when a lot of people do n't share their vision . 
  not sure about that . 
  i 'm worried it will be just us again and we will again be the ungrateful easterners and will get all the shit . 
  i 'm also worried about the political consequences for my country , since we have parliamentary election next year . 
  slovaks had them couple of months ago and i remember thinking that i 'm glad we 're not having them now , because the risk of far-right parties getting in power would be high and now i almost wish we had them already , because it looks like the situation will only be worse thanks to the commission . 
  this is not just a few thousands of refugees . 
  this is a completely new plan under which relocation would be triggered every time there is a crisis in the future . 
  which means there would be absolutely no upper limit . 
  i see , thanks for the info , i did n't know that . 
  i think the current crisis made it clear that our focus should be at the causes of the problems and if we ignore these causes , it will bite us in our ass . 
  hopefully we 'll learn from this and make it right next time . 
  putin must be laughing his ass off that our glorious commission is doing his job for him . 
  do you mean mare nostrum ? 
  i though that was focused on saving sinking ships already close to italian coast ? 
  what i meant was more like having ships close to libyan coast and ideally catch them before they even start sailing . 
   in the end , we 'll have to live with a mix of different approaches . 
  the redistribution is mostly symbolic . 
  the number is capped at 160 000 and given the current climate it 's not likely we 'll actually get a permanent quota system . 
  what ? 
  this whole fuss is about the pernament system , that 's what the commission is proposing . 
  it 's not about the one-time system for 160 000 people . 
  this is a completely new system , which would be triggered every time there is a crisis in the future . 
  which basically means there would no upper limit and we would completely lose control over how many people come to our country . 
  same thing here . 
  we had tens of thousands of warsaw pact troops in our territorry which came in 1968 . 
  the soviets initially proposed to remove them in a 10 or even 20 year period . 
  we insisted that they get out in a year , which was a shock to them at first that we would even demand such a thing . 
  eventually they all left by the end of 1991 . 
  it is still considered to be one of our biggest foreign policy achievement in the post-communist era . 
  well , you know technically speaking , it really is not 100 % true , since this is not the official position of all v4 members . 
  it is not even the official position of v4 . 
  even though i could see czech and polish government to eventually support this position as a compromise between what their position is now and what the commission 's position is . 
  slovaks probably would too , since they 'll have the council presidency after netherlands , so they will want to look cooperative to make sure that the presidency is succesful . 
  not sure about the hungarians though . 
  i 'm not saying it would n't be a challenge , but it also would n't be something we could n't survive without . 
  countries from eastern partnership need the money more than us , specially ukraine where people are still dying every day . 
  yes , i know , it 's not gon na happen . 
  really a shame , i would actually be very curious to see how we could do without the funds ( or with less of them ) . 
  it would also be so great not having to listen to western europeans calling is ungrateful leeches . 
  seriously , even though i 'm not an economist , so i can hardly judge what the consequences would be , i 'm so sick and tired of hearing this that i do n't want any more money from the eu . 
  it creates an unequal relationship , where the one who pays more is pretending like he does n't mind , until he is realizes he actually does and then he will constantly remind you that you owe him . 
  fuck that , cohesion funds are bullshit , they did n't help southern europeans when they were the net recipients , they are still poorer than all the northern european countries . 
  we should develop our country from our own resources and eu can send all our money to ukraine for all i care . 
  nope , the new plan is not about the refugees which are already here . 
  it wants to start a new mechanism which would trigger relocation every time when there is a new crisis . 
  which can easily be this summer given the situation in north africa . 
  it basically means there will be no upper limit . 
  it 's called a `` solidarity contribution '' in the proposal . 
  the wording is not that important though . 
  the mechanism is . 
  what eu proposes is that we pay from our budget and that is very noticable no matter how you call it . 
  what they instead should be doing is giving us less money from their budget and give these spare money to greece or italy . 
  but unfortunately it 's probably not possible to make any changes to the existing budget , so that 's not gon na happen . 
  it 's a shame though , because if it was possible , it would a great real-life case study on how beneficial or nonbeneficial eu funds really are , if for example baltic countries decided to comply and take the refugees , whereas v4 would choose to refuse the migrants and be without the funds . 
  so finally the commission would actually be useful at something . 
  yeah , but not through fines , that just pisses everyone here off . 
  they should have cut eu funds for us instead , it would have the same effect , plus righ-wing people here would actually not mind at all , since they do n't believe in subsidies , some left-wingers might be a bit upset , but most people would probably hardly notice , since they have no idea how much money we get or where it 's spent anyway , so they would not see the difference . 
  it is not what eu is proposing , eu wants to force the migrants to stay in the alocated countries , while v4 wants to give the people a permission to leave where they want . 
   does czech government come to a halt every time one percent of voters are unhappy about a policy ? 
  v4 countries are definitely not a 1 % of the eu population . 
  we are a minority , but in no way are we so small and irrelevant . 
  and i get what you 're saying , it 's not always possible to ask the citizens about every single issue ( well switzerland sort of does ) , but migration is such an important topic nowadays that it 's something people feel like they should be allowed to decide on . 
  if you do n't let them now , they will make their opinion clear in the next elections . 
   i would ideally have national politicians understand the commitments they 've made and communicate them to the voters translantion : i would like to communicate to them that i 'm right and they 're wrong , why do n't they want to accept that ? 
  seriously how do you want to communicate to the people that they now have to give up the control over who comes to our country , if they 're firmly against that ? 
  they never agreed to this . 
  i ca n't stand orb\u00e1n , fico or zeman who are using this crisis to their advantage , but it 's the eu which is giving them the opportunity and is putting pro-eu politicians in a horrible position where they have to decide between their pro-eu stance and public support . 
  the public is not going to change mind on this , nothing what pro-eu politicians say , will change that . 
   are you not seeing that measures ( which actually have a chance of being effective , instead of just passing the buck onto a neighbouring state ) are being taken ? 
  no , i honestly do n't see what measures are being taken to make integration more succesful , maybe i 'm just not informed on this enough . 
  even if there are some good measure being taken in the western europe , it does n't apply to eastern europe . 
  we 're back where we were - the migrants do n't want to be here , so their motivation to integrate here will be zero . 
  without this motivation , nothing we will do can help . 
   but as a regular citizen of a post-communist country , i just ca n't wrap my head around other regular citizens wishing for it at all . 
  yes , i 'm sometimes also getting desperate over this . 
  you know what helps ? 
  actually trying to listen to people even if you do n't agree with them and try to understand their concerns . 
  you should realize that we as the young generation which grew up in a different time generally have a different mindset than the previous generations which does n't mean we 're better or smarter than the previous generations . 
  you should also realize that you knowing how european parliament and other institutions work or having experience with living abroad makes you a tiny minority in our populations . 
  in every population you will have people who simply do n't care about politics and will not bother to go to elections . 
  and you will have people who will make pretty uninformed choices . 
  arguable it will be the majority of the population . 
  most people simply wo n't do the research and will decide based on something they saw in media or on facebook . 
  you can try to fight this , but you will never win this fight completely , so it 's time to live in a reality instead . 
  and the reality is that majority of the people in v4 countries do n't want to let the migrants in their country , no matter what the commission says . 
  if our politicians do n't want to turn these people completely against the eu , they have to be against pernament quotas , there is just no other option . 
  if they do n't do that , they will be replaced by someone who will . 
  it already happened in poland , where the pro-eu party was replaced by anti-eu one and you can see what is happening there now . 
  i do n't want that to happen in my country , so i will support our pro-eu politicians in doing whatever they can to prevent that from happening , even if this means standing against the eu in this specific area .
