  and this is a big no-no in the live and let live culture . 
  you simply do not demand that the mainstream public makes concessions to your minority needs . 
  you can walk around in the streets of prague smoking marihuana and nobody is gon na call cops on you , because that 's your business and you do n't bother anyone by it . 
  but try to suggest that the school cantine your kids go to should stop serving pork because it offends your religion and you 're gon na face a massive backlash . 
  and i 'm not saying that 's how all muslims behave , i 'm just saying that this is how it 's perceived here . 
  people do n't want muslims immigrants largely precisely because they fear that they would n't be compatible with our chill live and let live culture . 
  low unemployment but also much lower salaries compared to the west . 
  in general we 're not that attractive for western european citizens no matter what their ethnicity is . 
  maybe eesti just has better pr , that 's why we all think they 're a start-up wonderland . 
  oh , come on , your public kinda pass on germany taking responsibility over the security of europe no matter what some people write on r/europe . 
  due to your history , german public can hardly be expected to support taking leadership in europe 's defense , comments on the internet have nothing to do with that . 
   actually , such a system is in place . 
  already after nordstream 1 was build , the pipeline infrastructure between germany and poland was enhanced to allow for germany to pump gas towards poland too if necessary what i meant was that there is no united eu energy policy . 
  each country is more or less following its own interests and there is n't any institution overlooking it . 
   o a russian gas embargo against poland would be entirely pointless . 
  they can send just enough for we but not enough for ee . 
  then the reverse capacity is n't gon na help because you wo n't be willing to sent gas that was meant for you to us . 
  you know ns1 does n't have enough capacity , that 's why they want ns2 - to get rid of the ukraine transfer way . 
   same as france attacking lybia , despite it being a absolutely idiotic idea that tremendously harmed europe , is n't a good reason for us to stop having good relations with france . 
  you know that 's a completely different situation . 
   propaganda is being spread against russia , russia spreads propaganda in favour of itself . 
  thats not a terrible thing , people need to learn to be more critical over information . 
  it is terrible for countries like mine also evidently for the us as well . 
  just way until it happens to you , perhaps you 'll talk differently then . 
   from their perspective their country disintegrated just less than 30 years ago you have to be kidding me , their country disintegrated because they held nations in there by force . 
  they behaved horribly to non-russians in su and also to their satellite states and now you want me to feel bad for them because they lost their empire ? 
  give me a break . 
  you just repeat russian propaganda . 
  ` russia is a poor victim , russia feels threatened , that 's why they do all these bad things ' . 
  russia simply wants its super power status back . 
  they want their sphere of influence . 
  they are not threatened by the us or china . 
  nuclear weapons make any war between those states impossible . 
  you in the west think you 're so smart but we in ee know russian mentality much better than you . 
   germany ca n't reasonably expected to curtail itself even more than we already do . 
  at this point people are expecting us to literally stop having any form of national self-interest . 
  i do n't expect you to stop having national interests . 
  i just do n't like when you pretend ( or dellude yourself into thinking ) that these national interests are not really national interests , that they 're actually eu 's interests so we in fact should all be grateful to you when you pursue them  if germany would consider this dangerous to eastern europe , it would change our position on the issue . 
  and if we consider it a improvement on the ee security situation , it also weights into the decision . 
  but again , are german politicians really so full of themselves to think they somehow know better what is or is n't dangerous to us than us ? 
  so like when ee says ` we think ns2 threatens our security ' , germany goes ` silly ee , it is actually an improvement for them , they just do n't realize this . ', 
  sorry but i find it very difficult to believe that . 
  more likely it goes like ` yeah , it does kinda undermine their security , but it helps ours , so screw it ' . 
  just to be clear though - none of this means that i disregard all the good things that germany does for europe . 
  i understand that you did n't really want to be in this powerful position , that you just sort of ended up there . 
  however i 'm not willing to pretend like germany is some selfless country that always cares about other european countries ' interests so much and so we can just blindly trust germany that it will always look out for us . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  nobody is there to look out for us purely cause they like us so much . 
  when someone is helping is , they do it because it somehow helps them to . 
  that 's why we can never fully rely on anyone but ourselves . 
   i said , the idea would be that russia simply ca n't set a different price for ee than the rest of the eu anymore , which would void the possibility of energy blackmail against ee , and energy blackmail against the whole of the eu would obviously draw in everyone . 
  that 's just your idea . 
  no such systems is in place and it is no way certain that such system will be in place when/if ns2 is build and that the system will work well . 
   i 'm not sure what your concern here is . 
  that germany would use influence over this hypothetical energy institution to blackmail eastern europe on behalf of russia ? 
  first of all , my concern is that no such institution is build and that ns2 is build without any safety checks for ee . 
  second , even if it 's build , what if russia tries to test it and sends only enough gas for western markets and not for ee countries . 
  without ns2 russia could n't do this in the first place . 
  what if the institution prevents ee countries from trying to diversify their sources , because germany wo n't see that as profitable/desirable ? 
   besides relations to the us there is no reason for germany not to have good relations with russi their wars in georgia and ukraine are n't good enough reasons for you ? 
  their disinformation campaigns and hacking attacks everywhere in europe is n't good enough reason ? 
   russias current actions are the actions of a cornered animal . 
  you need to put yourself into their position , being literally surrounded by enemies and the military bases of a hostile foreign power . 
  yes , poor russia cornered in literaly the biggest country on earth , surrounded by such threatening countries like estonia or latvia . 
  there is n't even any pernament nato base in eastern europe . 
  russia has immensely more personell and military equipment close to ee 's borders than what the west has in ee . 
  they are not fucking desperate . 
  they simply can not get over the fact they lost some of their sphere of influence and do whatever they can to reverse this current state . 
  those are n't acts of desperation . 
  they 're not existentionally threatened by anyone . 
   but its not a matter of germany being `` too powerful '' yes it is . 
  germany has huge economic strenght which brings a lot of power . 
  i agree that it 's not the only factor but it 's a big part . 
   but that does n't mean we are willing to just obey other countries whims when those are clearly dangerous for all involved , those countries included . 
  well thank you , but i would rather have us determine what is dangerous to us , not germany . 
  this is incredibly patronizing attitude , saying that germany knows best what 's good for us and we 're probably too stupid to know what 's in our interest . 
   and quite honestly , i 'm not really a fan of german dominance in europe either . 
  yeah , it 's also the main reason i 'm so unhappy about brexit . 
   one of the main problems is that eastern europe does n't really have such an advocate in the eu . 
  true . 
  and it also does n't help that our political scenes are unstable and our politicians incapable of acting assertively and effectively . 
  you have countries like the baltics or romania which due to their specific conditions wo n't ever go against the german-set mainstrem line and then you have v4 politicians who are somewhat willing to challenge germany in certain circumstances , but they 're unable to do it it smartly so in the end they achieve nothing but isolation . 
  to be fair though , even if they acted smartly , the most leverage is still on german side . 
  so i guess i 'm just gon na have to hope that brits change their mind , 
  yeah . 
  just wanted to make sure you know that i was n't saying all this in order to shit on germany . 
  i would n't like the power disbalance even if it was any other country . 
  so this is n't anything personal against germany . 
  i just feel like this situation is n't healthy , but i recognize that it 's not germany 's fault ... it just kinda happened like this . 
   pretty much every single step the ecb has taken during the last six years has been opposed by the german political class . 
  we are used to an independent central bank and we do not seek to interfere with their decisions as long as the ecb is acting within the boundaries of the mandate . 
  sure , we have been critical of it , but that 's about it . 
  has n't stopped the ecb from doing what it 's doing . 
  ok , fair enough . 
  i have n't actually been following ecb so closely because my country does n't have euro . 
  but as you said , central banks are special case , since they have a tradition of independence in each country including germany . 
  this would n't be the case of common energy policy . 
  you 're right that there would have to be mechanisms implemented . 
  but even in that case it would be risky for ee . 
  it 's the same with the possibility of an eu army - everyone ( or almost everyone ) wants closer cooperation , but nobody wants to fully hand over the control of our national armies .
