  being in the single market is profitable for everyone , not just for the ee eu countries . 
  they were `` found '' in 2015 by ultra-nationalist ukrainian militia in a villa belonging to a member of the previous administration . 
  you said it yourself , it was the previous admistration , so why blame the current one ? 
   ukraine is corrupt , unstable , unreliable corrupt yes , unstable yes , but that 's not just their fault , certain big neighbour is making them unstable , but the current ukrainian leadership can not be described as unreliable in their foreign policy . 
  they have followed the western path consistently . 
   and the ukrainian secret service was complicit in stealing several dutch golden age paintings what , when did this happen ? 
   if you ask anyone whether the baltic states should be independent , the overwhelming majority will say yes and that is the number that truly matters . 
  no , not really . 
  of course everyone will say that the baltics should be independent , but the question is what are they willing to sacrifice for it . 
  and i 'm pretty certain that many people in the western europe would prefer their countries not to be dragged in a war with russia even if that meant that the baltics got annexed . 
  as for germany , i think it 's quite possible that most germans would rather have the entire former eastern bloc , excluding eastern germany , fall under the russian influence again than having to fight russia . 
  obviously what the population wants is n't necessarily what the government is likely to do . 
  but i have no illussions that ordinary western european citizens would somehow be overly ethusiastic about getting in a war with russia if they felt like their own countries are n't directly threatened by the conflict ( i.e. 
  if they did n't feel like they 're the next likely target ) . 
  yeah , i think this dutch referendum kinda shows that referenda might not always be the best tool for decision-making . 
  unfortunately , they can be hijacked by people with a completely different agenda and when the public is n't very educated on the topic , this is how it goes . 
  the association agreement was n't just about trade through , it was also a political signal to ukrainian people , not that they can join the eu any time soon , but that we are not going to just leave them alone with their struggle with russia . 
  people in ukraine were literally dying during majdan for this agreement to be signed . 
  we all know what the consequences of those actions were - there is an ongoing war in the eastern ukraine . 
  so i just find it very selfish and frankly speaking morally wrong to tell them `` oh well , fuck off , we do n't actually want to have a trade deal with you '' after all this . 
  yes , the support for israel has a historical tradition , the first president of czechoslovakia supported the creation of a jewish state way before israel was founded . 
  and in 1948 we supplied israel with weapons during their war for indepedence despite the international embargo . 
  after that the ussr took over our foreign policy , so we could only re-launch our support for israel in 1989 . 
  the reasons for the support are both sentimental ( czech foreign policy elites tend to project our own historic experience in the 1930s onto israel and so they support it since they see that as morally right ) and pragmatic ( israel is a technologically advanced country , so cooperation in cyber security , research projects and other areas is useful to us ) . 
  i do n't understand how could signing an association agreement with ukraine threaten the sovereignity of your nation . 
  i 'm really surprised as well . 
  i would not have expected such a result from netherlands , specially since the referendum about the asociation agreement with ukraine seemed to suggest a very different approach towards the eastern europe . 
  fingers crossed for you . 
   assumptions everyone makes based on their feelings . 
  while probably through for a big portion ; real refugees will be quite happy in v4 countries . 
  yeah , our past experiences with accepting mena refugees beg to differ . 
  majority of them left to germany , the same thing happened in poland , it 's happening in the baltics or portugal . 
  it 's not just a few cases . 
  it 's definitely not just based on my feelings . 
   refugees are n't there by choice and having open air prison camps ( make no mistake what those middle east camps are ) are n't good places for a lot . 
  resettlement is something different from relocation . 
  i would be ok if my country took part in resettlement projects taking people directly from middle eastern camps , but as i have already said , we did that and our experience was that they left to germany . 
  after that we stopped the project and decided not to participate in it anymore . 
  there 's no reason for us to act like a travel agency for people who want to get to germany . 
  however i absolutely do n't want my country to take part in the relocation schemes , because that scheme only encourages those who come to europe illegaly . 
  i think that anyone who comes to europe illegally mus n't be allowed to settle in europe , that 's the only sustainable long term model which will eventually help greece and italy as well , since the people will know that trying to get to these countries illegally will not get them a place in europe . 
  i agree that we should do our part , however i think that the eu should allow us to do our part through reasonable financial or material contributions , not through taking people , who have absolutely no desire to come here and stay here and who our people overwhelmingly refuse to accept . 
   though i think a reasonable man such as yourself can see both sides of the argument . 
  actually , a ) i 'm not a man  , b ) while i can see both sides of the argument , i definitely stand on the side of v4 in this conflict . 
   but , has the eu sanctioned any member for such issue in the past ? 
  ( unless you consider the greece affair as punitive ) no , i was n't saying that the eu did that in the past . 
  i was just saying that i 'm glad it 's not doing that now . 
  that 's all . 
  yes , he seems pretty reasonable , tillerson also does n't seem crazy , even though at first it looked like he would be in russian pockets as well . 
  however i do n't know what kind of influence they have in the administrative . 
  ultimately trump is the president , so i 'm pretty worried about what kind of damage he can do while in his function . 
  he just fired the fbi director who was investigating the contacts between his campaign teams and russia , he talked about this firing with the russian officials and he also provided them with classified information . 
  additionaly the fired fbi director wrote a memo which said that trump asked him to stop investigate michael flynn . 
  there is a very strong possibility that trump is either an idiot , or compromised . 
  or both . 
  this is n't about him saying that nato is obsolete , this is about the very real actions that he does which makes me question his ability to run the us foreign policy indepedently of foreign influence . 
  at the same time , we understand ( or at least hope ) that trump is not the only important member of the administrative and that other people in the team will not let the us foreign policy completely fall apart . 
  you 're only perceived to be unreliable because of your new leadership , before that , countries like the baltics , romania or poland pretty much always had more faith in the us than in the western europe . 
  no , but we ( poland , hungary , the czech republic ) are currently under the threat of being sanctioned over the refugee quotas , so i would just really not like any additional threats over euro , that 's why i 'm glad they 're apparently not taking this approach . 
  and i can not possibly see that they would pay us to join the eurozone . 
  i mean , why on earth would they do that ? 
  honestly i have no idea what positive incentives it might be , maybe it 's just talk . 
  we might know more next week . 
   the question is what does the eu do about those countries that do not want to join the euro ? 
  according to the article , the eu plans to make joining euro so attractive that we 're just gon na change our mind on our own . 
  so , uhm , we 'll see about that , but at least they want to use positive incentives , not threats , so that 's a good step forward i guess . 
  afaik some sort of quota mechanism was in talks way before 2015 when the biggest crisis happened , because italy used to be under considerable pressure years before that ( although not as much as today ) , but back then most countries refused such system , including germany . 
  however that was n't really my point , what i meant that if we transfered this discussion that we have nowadays to 2009 , it would end up the same . 
  if in 2009 we had sit together and tried to come up with a truly sustainable asylum system , we would have run in exactly the same problems that we have nowadays . 
  even without emotions , there are just totally different views on how asylum/migration should be handled within the eu . 
  some countries switched their positions , but the two fundamentally clashing views were there before and i simply do n't see much place for a compromise there . 
   would have been so easy to sit down in 2009 and figure it out without the current pressure and emotions . 
  no , it would n't . 
  there is a pretty fundamental disagreement over how eu asylum policy should look like and this disagreement would be there in 2009 even without the pressure and emotions . 
  v4 politicians would be against quotas even if you proposed it in 2009 . 
  it 's really hard to look for a consensus when the ec 's position is that they want a pernament quota system and v4 's position is that we do n't want any quotas whatosever . 
  this just ca n't be resolved by more friendly discussions . 
  yeah , good point . 
  it 's not really clear what the actual results of this cooperation will be . 
  training is something that can be done together fairly easily , but as for equipment , it seems like eu countries are still pretty far away from any common acquisition strategy . 
  it 's only radical in the sense that the integration is closer than it was in the past . 
  however national governments retain full political control over their armies , so if romanian , dutch or the czech government do n't permit deployment missions , the units are n't going anywhere no matter how much integrated they are with the german army . 
  if the national governments give the permit , than the goal of this cooperation is that the units can function together with the german army as well as if they were a part of the german army . 
  as if we did n't have enough tourists in prague already . 
  i get that tourism is good for economy , but what mass tourism did to prague city centre is a bit sad to be honest . 
  on one hand , i 'm glad that people are interested in seeing our capital , on the other hand i just wish there was n't as many of them . 
  and i definitely do n't feel like we need to attract even more of them . 
  the rest of the czech republic - sure , but prague is already crowded . 
   i can not see that the 85 % going any higher because that is about the same amount of support as it has in the uk . 
  which is country that voted to leave the eu , let alone the euro and where that subject is rather toxic in general . 
  we 're not that far away from the uk in the public attitude towards euro and the eu in general . 
  the difference is that we 're more passive in voicing our disagreement with joining the eurozone . 
  most people are against it , but at the same time , it 's not the number 1 on their priority list , so yes , i admit that it 's possible that politicians might try to just push euro through . 
  it 's also possible that they decide not to do that . 
  it will depend a lot on what kind of government we 're going to have after this autumn 's elections . 
  the thing is though that the current arguments for euro are not that strong . 
  there are some good arguments both for and against euro , but as for now , nobody can realistically argue that we absolutely need euro . 
  we can simply exist without it , as we have been for now and as sweden or denmark have for decades . 
  the only thing that could force politicians to go against the public opinion is if two-speed europe actually happened and we would be risking being left out in the periphery . 
  but even in this situation , politicians might decide that we do n't actually need to be in the core and that being in the second speed is actually not gon na be that bad for us .
