  you ca n't just go `` well , fuck all our allies , let 's not provide our nuclear umbrella to anyone anymore . 
  let south korea deal with north korea on their own , let japan contain china , let europe contain russia and deal with the mess that we ( partly ) left in the middle east , it 's none of our concern anymore '' and expect that everything goes smoothly after that . 
  the current world order stands on american hegemony , if you withdraw to isolation , you risk starting a huge chaos that will eventually bite you in your ass . 
   the average european does n't really get a say . 
  i did n't get one during the lybian invasion , the mali mission or the bombing of syria . 
  not on the individual decisions , but the overall mood in the society usually has some impact on how much money will go to defense . 
  if people do n't feel threatened by anything , the politicians will find it hard to justify increasing defense budgets , specially if there 's a big unemployment or other issues which are more important to the people . 
   i really doubt that an italian , spaniard or portuguese would see the imediate importance of a massive increase in military spending . 
  you have to view things in their eyes also . 
  well yes , that 's what i 've been saying , i understand that different european countries see different threats , some countries simply do n't see any threats . 
  i 'm not really blaming anyone for that , it 's quite understandable . 
  i can totally see why a portuguese would not really feel concerned about russia . 
  i also understand that france has other things to worry about . 
  that 's simply the reality eastern european countries , and the baltics especially have to deal with . 
  as you can see , it 's not like they are asking the spanish or italian to send troops . 
  they are asking the brits , germany and other ee countries . 
  i understand the overall frustration , but there is nothing the us could possibly gain by leaving nato . 
  because it could basically go two ways . 
  either it could go horribly wrong and you would be eventually forced to step in anyway . 
  you ca n't just simply go back to a total isolation , the current american prosperity model stands on stability in the key parts of the world and europe still is one of this key parts , you ca n't just let it break . 
  or it could go very well for europe as we would be forced to become a us-style military power . 
  but then the relationship between the us and eu would not be the same anymore , we would not be just partners and allies , we would be competition to each other . 
  sure , our interests would still mostly allign , but not in all cases . 
  so no more military bases in europe for the us and thus no more power projection to other key parts in the world , no more us bossing around the ttip , no more or less automatical eu support for us foreign policy goals elsewhere in the world ( good luck getting the eu join sanctions against iran or other country that goes rogue the next time you need it - and if you say that eu sanctions do n't matter - yes they do . 
  eu has been taking the heavier toll in the case of iran and now in the case of russia again ) . 
  do n't get me wrong , i am not advocating that the current level of military spending is fine , i would like to see it rising . 
  but you ca n't judge how profitable or not profitable nato is for the us solely based on how much money member countries contribute . 
  it 's more complicated than that . 
  well , yes , but i was refering to an average european who probably did n't notice that and did n't see russia as threat until the crimea annexation . 
  heck , even now many people just simply do n't see the need to spend more on military . 
  i see . 
  yeah , you 're right about that . 
  i think we simply became too cozy in europe . 
  until the war in ukraine happened , people simply did n't feel any big imminent threat to europe . 
  in that kind of atmosphere it 's difficult to justify military spending to the public . 
  and even now russia is mostly seen as a threat in the eastern europe , not so much in the western europe . 
  but i think if the current situation in ukraine and in the middle east/north africa does n't get better , which is very unlikely , we will see increased spending on military in europe . 
  maybe not the the extent that all countries will pay 2 % of gdp , but then has that ever been the case in the history of nato ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that if someone 's really appreciative of the us military presence in europe , it 's the baltics . 
  do n't know , but even if he did , that would not be a hysterical reaction or a threat of any sort , that would be just his personal opinion/preference . 
  ok , i did n't know about these comments . 
  do n't know why he made them . 
  i mean , he can think it and he might or might not be right . 
  still think it 's just completely unhelpful and counter-productive . 
  it 's up to the british people to decide whether they think their economy would get hit by brexit . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but i do n't see anyone reacting hystericaly apart from juncker . 
  and i think we can all agree that juncker is a jerk and nobody likes him . 
  other eu officials or european politicians simply stated that they would like the uk to stay in the eu and that was pretty much it . 
  i have n't heard of any threats or other hysterical reactions . 
  hopefully if the uk decides to leave , both parties will keep it civil . 
  i hope the uk will not go full patriotic `` we do n't need no eu '' and start kicking out all eu workers already living in the uk and i hope the eu will not be super childlish screaming `` hey , you do n't like me ? 
  well i do n't like you either '' . 
  i just wish people stopped seeing this as a fight where there has to be one winner and one loser . 
  i do n't think that this is just about people thinking that 's impossible to achieve that , so why bother . 
  some people just simply do n't want federal europe . 
  they want to keep the main authority in the national governments . 
  so why shoud they try hard to accomplish something they do n't want ? 
   not that it matters anyway , none of the refugees will want to stay in eeu . 
  not just eastern europe . 
  they also do n't want to stay in southern europe . 
  basically only western/northern europe is ok for migrants/refugees . 
  but also not too northern , because the weather in northern sweden/finland is too cold and snowy . 
  i mean , we always love to complain in ee that we have n't fully caught up with the west in terms of living standard , but in this case we kinda dodged the bullet . 
  not saying that immigration ca n't be beneficial for the receiving country , but not the current level of immigration . 
  that 's like a recipe for failure . 
  maybe it will at least have an impact on orb\u00e1n 's score in the next election . 
  uhm , probably an ignorant question , but i did n't really follow this election closely , can someone from austria tell me where this van der bellen stands ? 
  will this mean any change in austrian foreign policy or how they approach the migrant crisis or is it going to be business as usual ? 
  is he like far-left `` all refugees welcome '' type of guy , or centre-left `` let 's be more careful '' type of guy ? 
  no , there is no evidence that they decided to make the final attempt , but there is plenty of evidence that preparations were being made . 
  clearly it was not out of question . 
  it was something iran was considering , but did n't make the final decision . 
  as for saudis - they do n't have their own program , at best they could buy nukes from pakistan . 
  but saudis will not go nuclear due to the us pressure unless iran goes nuclear . 
  and israel ? 
  yeah , sure , everyone knows they have nukes , there 's no doubt about that . 
  and so what , unlike saudi arabia , israel is not sponsoring terrorists or radicals in our own continent . 
  they are also not wishing the death to america or forcing all their women to wear a scarf on their head . 
  no need to get so rude . 
  i also do n't think that iran in the past 2 decades has made a final decision to go nuclear , i think they were just toying with the idea and making some preparations in case they decided to go for it . 
  but it 's also possible that if the west did not apply the pressure , they might have decided to go for it eventually . 
  their program was definitely not purely peaceful , or at least the levels to which they enriched uranium do not signal that . 
  well , you know , they also had this rather suspisious nuclear program . 
  the west could not afford to let iran have nuclear weapons , hopefully with the new nuclear deal , this problem will be eventually resolved . 
  also it looks like iranians society is at least somehow open to reforms ( the last elections were won by moderates ) which can hardly be said for saudi society . 
  yeah , the relationship is slowly deteriorating . 
  or at least that was the case with obama administration , not sure what 's gon na happen with the next us president . 
  the thing is , saudis are the main counter-balance power against iran in the region , so as long as iran is the west 's main enemy in the middle east ( not counting non-state actors , like isis , al-kaida or al-nusra ) , the saudis are needed . 
  but overall , the trend is there - the west 's relations with iran are getting better while the relations with saudis are getting worse . 
  it does n't mean we will suddenly be able to stop them from financing terrorists though , definitely not in areas where we do n't have that much influence . 
  heck , in some cases , we ca n't even stop russians from financing our own euro-sceptic parties in our own countries . 
  if something is going to cripple saudi 's ability to spread their disgusting ideology , than it 's gon na be their own failure to diversify their economy before the world switches to different energy supplies . 
  aaaand , it was saudi arabia . 
  no surprise really . 
  how lovely that we have these great allies in the middle east . 
  perhaps because they concluded that even well-intended advice would not by received well by the british people . 
  brits could see it as undesired foreign interference , they would not like europeans telling them what to do . 
  specially in the case of eastern european leaders , vocal support for the remain camp would probably do exactly the opposite and would only add more people to the brexit camp , since as far as i 'm concerned a lot of brits are not very happy with the current level of immigration from ee . 
  so i think by keeping quite we 're helping the remain campaign way more than if we tried activaly support it .
