  which can go two ways - either they 're caught there and money are wasted on the deportation process , after which they can just escape again , because there are no punishments in place for this kind of behaviour , or they are not caught , but they have no work permit and no benefits , so they live illegaly sheltered by their communities , in a better scenario working in the shadow economy , in the worse scenario going on a criminal path . 
  and in the long term , southern europe is pissed as well , because the quota system does absolutely nothing in helping to solve the roots of the crisis , it only makes the eu less efficient in tackling the problems , because too much energy and political capital is wasted on these pointless fights . 
  it 's such a disaster that it 's almost laughable , only if it was n't for that fact that we can be massively fined for refusing to take part in the scheme . 
  obviously it this context i meant that in several western european countries , there are problems with some muslim immigrants and their descendants . 
  i did not mean to say that all muslims are unintegrated . 
  no , every single relevant party in the czech republic is against refugee quotas . 
   so what 's the point of fighting windmills ? 
  if you think that some policy is stupid and does n't work , then it 's logical to try to fight against it . 
  if we just automatically accepted that we 're smaller and poorer and thus we do n't have that much power , so we have to agree to whatever we says ... then like , how are we ever going to achieve anything in the eu ? 
  we might as well not negotiate anything , because we 're less powerful , so we 'll eventually going to lose , so what 's the point right ? 
  just let the powerful countries decide everything . 
  well then with this kind of attitude , you might as well not have the eu in the first place , you can just hand over unlimited power to the western europe and let them handle everything . 
  i 'm not saying that we should go with our head against the wall on every issue , but just give up at the very first sign of disagreement is stupid . 
  sometimes it 's worth it to try to exhaust all options you have to try to avoid an outcome you do n't like . 
   you guys have beasts of entirely other nature to tame . 
  particularly poland and hungary . 
  oh yeah , you 'll be likely able to add us to that duo after our october elections . 
  slovaks wo n't be causing problems on the eu level , but their internal politics is corrupted to the bone . 
  so you 're absolutely right , we have our own very big problems . 
  unfortunately , in both cases ( we problems with unintegrated immigrant communities and ee problems with general fucked up politics ) i do n't see either of us solving them very quickly . 
  look , one of the reasons why v4 is so vehemently against accepting mena refugees is because we 're very well aware that we have no clue what to do with them . 
  we 're not delluding ourselves into thinking that our integration policies are perfect . 
  in fact all v4 's immigration strategies stand on making the system in a way that attracts only the ` right ' kind of people . 
  in other words , people that we know we can integrate . 
  our systems do not count with a situation that we would get a large number of people which are not easy to integrate . 
  that 's why our strategy is - discourage these people from coming or at worst just not let them in . 
   basically it 's `` do you have a better idea then ? '', 
  well , then that 's a silly question too . 
  of course poland does n't have a better idea , how could they , when they have almost non-existent mena community and thus no experience in integrating muslims from mena . 
  you also do n't go to , say , canada , to ask how to deal with water scarcity problems , you go to israel , because that 's a country that has proven expertise in this issue . 
  no , under international law , germany can not deport anyone to countries which are deemed unsafe . 
  so if they actually caught them and managed to deport them , they would deport them to us . 
  and we would end up with angry , frustrated people who have no interest in staying in our country . 
  no , i do n't think this is what he means , given that in another post in this thread he literaly asks :  now whats the polish plan to deal with the muslims already in europe ? 
  like seriously , wtf ? 
  what on earth should poland do about unintegrated muslims communities in the western europe ? 
  i 'm sorry if i sounded like i 'm trying to be a dick about it , but i really was n't saying this for the sake of feeling better . 
  i was saying this , because i 'm sick and tired how v4 countries are used as a scapegoat for whatever failed we immigration/asylum policies . 
  seriously , just fix your own issues , before you go ranting about eastern european backwards shitholes that do not do enough to help you out in this crisis ( that 's not directly targeted at you , just at the sentiment that is quite present in this subreddit ) . 
   ah ok but you 're all ok with certain groups of people being somehow worth less and not requiring to be judged on their actions but on their background ? 
  people are going to react negatively when you suddenly start saying that one group is somehow not worth as much as another group without any crime being commited on their part . 
  i 'd argue that 's pretty unreasonable on your part . 
  yeah , only i said absolutely nothing of this sort , i merely said that the problem of radicalisation of muslims communities is a problem of some we countries and there 's nothing cee countries can do about it . 
   but every other country north or south of them are not . 
  that 's just really incorrect . 
  slovenia is very safe . 
  the czech republic is very safe . 
  slovakia and hungary have similar homocide rates as we countries like belgium or france . 
   i know that it 's more easier to be considered with and use features like : conformism , premeditation , cleverness , calculating , sophistication , opportunism , cowardice , submissiveness , selfishness , self interest , particularism , privateness , than sincerity and loyalty . 
  ouch , that kind of hurts , specially since it was actually polish government that originally voted for the quota system . 
  you know , i do n't think it 's very reasonable to start a discussion by calling my country a backwards shithole . 
  but ignoring that , i obviously see that there are open borders within the eu , but that still does n't mean that we 're somehow obliged to help integrating muslims which already live in europe . 
  or what would you expect us to do ? 
  it 's your own citizens , they live in your countries , so it 's your problem . 
  or do you want us to send anti-radicalisation teams to the western europe or what ? 
   do n't anyone tell me that we would n't be able to integrate such a small amount successfully . 
  given the experience of other ee countries with the refugees accepted through the quota system , i actually have very high doubts that we would be able to integrate them sucessfuly , because i believe the majority of them have zero interest in coming to our country and would just try to leave as soon as possible . 
   if we agreed to this , we would be forced to take in more and more over time , which is just nonsense . 
  actually , that 's not such a nonsense . 
  the plan for pernament relocation system is still on the commission 's table . 
  it can not be ruled out that the commission will try to push it through . 
  before the one time relocation scheme was accepted , people who said that the eu would be assigning asylum seekers to us would be called crazy . 
  hell , even i would call them crazy . 
  i would never have imagined that the commission would be so stupid to push for a non-functioning system that would only cause significant backlash in cee countries . 
  and i was wrong , so nowadays , i 'm very careful with saying `` this wo n't happen , it 's just nonsense '' . 
  yes . 
  in this context , that means the post-communist states that joined the eu in 2004 . 
  i get that . 
  but there 's nothing cee countries can do to help with preventing radicalisation of europe-born muslims . 
  we hardly have any muslims . 
  so this really is n't some eu-wide task . 
  this is a problem of several western european countries which have problematic muslim communities . 
   we need to find a way to keep them away from radicals and make sure they have the same chances and opportunities everybody else has . 
  no , that 's what you need to do . 
  you as in western europe . 
  cee muslim communities are either non-existent or if they do exist , they 're tiny and unproblematic . 
  we 're also not very attractive for mena migrants , so we 're not likely to receive migrants from this area . 
  so this is really your homework , not poland 's . 
  to be fair , slovaks tried come up with an alternative solution during their presidency in the council and we supported them . 
  it did n't work out , because evidently the commission is just as unwilling to compromise on this as we are . 
   nobody with even passing knowledge of the eu that 's kind of a big problem here though . 
  people have extremely little actual knowledge about the eu now , let alone back then in 2003 when they were voting in the referendum . 
  you may think that ` ever closer union ' is well-known concept , but over here , most people have no idea what it is . 
  and they certainly did n't know that the eu has authorities over asylum policies . 
  the old people have been living in estonia for decades . 
  when they came there , they definitely were n't too old to learn it . 
  anyone who ca n't learn the the local language after spending decades in the country really does n't deserve the citizenship of that country . 
  that does n't mean he/she ca n't live in that country comfortably , but why should estonians give a citizenship to that person ? 
  do you even realize that estonians are a tiny nation that had to endure harsh russifying efforts when they were occupied by the soviet union ? 
  they were almost at a risk of becoming a minority in their own country . 
  it 's absolutely logical that they 're careful about who they give the citizenship to . 
  historically they had to be extremely protective of their nation , otherwise they would be wiped out . 
  they 're still until today in a relatively vulnerable position , compared to other european countries . 
  they can not afford to just carelessly give out citizenship to any non-citizen on their territory . 
   and i doubt that they did czech language test back then ) . 
  i do not have information on that , but i really doubt that during that time period , we had some lax citizenship policies towards sudeten germans . 
  but either way , it 's irrelevant to the baltics case . 
  as you said , the russians there had decades to learn the local language . 
  the baltic governments offer them free language classes . 
  it is only their own fault that they did n't learn the language at least to b1 level , so they only have themselves to blame that they do n't have the citizenship ( not to mention that many of them do not want the citizenship in the first place ) .
