  and does this mean that this and that will have to happen ? 
  and who will be rensponsible for what ? 
  and what if this does n't work , what are we going to then ? '', 
  which is probably interpreted as a way of sabotaging the plan and as finding excuses why the plan wo n't work , when in fact , this is just how we handle things . 
  of course it does n't help having guys like orb\u00e1n feeding his populist bullshit to everyone , but the czech eu minister is actually a higly competent dude , he was only convinced to get into politics by the current pm , so i 'm pretty sure we can take what he 's saying seriously . 
  when choosing between these too , i would take schwarzenberg every single time , even though i do n't really like him that much and i do n't agree with all his opinions . 
  but that does n't really matter , honestly i do n't have high demands for a president anymore , it 's enough for me if he 's a decent human being and does n't totally embarrass our country abroad . 
  yes , there are some individual cases like dal\u00edk and rath , but i 'm afraid that this is a work of a few individuals among the police and state prosecutors - if these people are pushed out or leave ( and it now looks that may happen ) , then we might as well be back where we were a few years ago . 
  and i do n't know if you follow what rekonstrukce st\u00e1tu is doing , but they are trying to push 9 anti-corruption laws through the parliament and so far only 3 have been passed . 
  the most important one , the registry of contracts , passed , but there are constant attempts to put exceptions to this law and if these pass , the law might as well never existed in the first place . 
  some progress is there , but it often gets reversed , as i said , it 's one step forward , one step back . 
  that is actually not at all [ unthinkable ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2012_czech_republic_methanol_poisonings ) in the czech republic . 
  yep , that 's my big hope actually . 
  that he will just drink himself to death before the next election . 
  we also have a very low corruption among the ordinary people . 
  i 've personally never even met with corruption in my life and my dad runs a regional company and was also never asked or expected to bribe anyone . 
  but what is happening at the top level is a completely different story . 
  in prague there is a scandal after scandal . 
  the investigations are slow and often end up with no one being punished or only some of the involved people being punished due to lack of evidence . 
  the whole business with eu funds is shady at best . 
  on the state level , there are constantly some attempts to discredit the police , state prosecutors or public media . 
  just right now there are discussions about `` reorganization '' of the police and the state prosecutors are claiming that this will seriously cripple their ability to fight corruption and organized crime . 
  getting any anti-corruption laws passed through the parliament and senate is like a horror story and when it finally happens , there are immediate attempts to put some `` small changes and exceptions '' to the laws . 
  this all makes me feel so frustrated , it 's always like one step forward , one step back , two steps forwards , one step back , one step forward , two steps back . 
  yeah , we recently had a chinese president at state visit in prague and a few days before that our president appeared on chinese state tv and said in a interview that we will now follow independent foreign policy not influenced by eu or us unlike the previous government . 
  which is absolutely ridiculous because a ) it was the previous government who started to have a closer relationship with china and b ) our pm at exactly the same time was on visit in the us and said how important nato and eu are for us . 
  so czech foreign policy is absolutely schizophrenic in this way , luckily the president does n't have any actual power , he 's a figure head president . 
  his only job is to represent us well in the world , which he fails to do every time he opens his mouth . 
  he 's been recently pretty silent on this topic , he basically replaced russia with china , as he realized that being too pro-russia could get his preferences down . 
  and also ukraine and russia is not such a huge topic in cz anymore , so nowadays all our president ever talks about are the migrants . 
  he will basically say anything that will get him re-elected , you could say that he never really stopped campaigning , even when the next election are in the beginning of 2018 . 
  yeah , but estonia is doing much better than us . 
  it 's a shame that we still have such big issues with corruption and looking at the current state of our politics , it does n't look like it 's gon na get better any time soon . 
   can they leave and become hobos in germany ? 
  sure . 
  are they gon na go and do that ? 
  probably not , and if they do it 's not really a big deal overall . 
  i 'm sorry , but this sounds a bit naive to me . 
  did you see the migrants making huge scenes in greece or hungary when they realized that they ca n't continue to germany ? 
  and what about the entire calais camp ? 
  the people there are making everything they can to get to the uk instead of trying to get permission to stay in france . 
  even in sweden or finland they protest when they 're send to the north of the countries , because they prefer to stay in big cities of the south . 
  and as i said , we and poland already have experience with refugees leaving to germany as soon as they get the chance . 
  and you think that they will stay in countries like bulgaria or romania ? 
  of course not , they will prefer to live illegally in germany or other western european country within their community . 
  and because they will be denied work permit and social benefits , they will probably go on criminal path , so you 'll be basically building criminal gangs of young males in your big cities . 
  sometimes you will catch someone and send them back and we will be stuck with people who are frustrated that they have to stay here . 
  that will for sure make great conditions for their integration . 
  basically the commission is proposing something that sounds reasonable on the paper . 
  if you call it `` fair sharing of the burden '' then sure , that sounds like a good solution . 
  but it 's completely unpractical . 
  look at the migration trends in the eu . 
  most of the eastern european countries ca n't even keep their own people from migrating . 
  and those are people who were born there , grew up there , have family , friends and actual emotional ties to their country , but somehow they 're supposed to keep in refugees who probably do n't even know the name of those countries ? 
  what the commission is proposing is going directly against migration trends and also against the human nature , which makes people naturally seeking the best conditions for themselves , so it would take some massive social engineering to make it work . 
  it 's absolutely unrealistic . 
  edit : it 's actually interesting , because czech eu minister addressed this problem in a recent interview , he said that different political cultures of the west and the east are causing misunderstandings . 
  to quote him : `` when you discuss issues , we immediately go into details , '' he said about the czechs and some neighbouring countries . 
  `` in western europe , you start from the big idea . 
  you agree this is the goal and then you work on the implementation policies '' , he said . 
  he said this mindset came from communist times , when `` you were not allowed to discuss policy '' . 
  `` the policy was always set for you . 
  the only thing you could deal with was the implementation , '' he said . 
  this is imo exactly what is happening in this whole debate about what to do with the refugees ( west discussing the big ideas and east discussing the concrete details about how it 's going to work ) . 
   i do n't really care about debating the logistics or realization aspect of it . 
  while i have a different opinion than you do that 's not really the point of the discussion and we should avoid getting sidetracked . 
  i understand what you 're saying , but you ca n't just ignore that the proposed solution only sounds good on paper but will probably fail to work in real life . 
  i mean , what kind of approach is this `` we have this general idea , so let 's do it and worry about the implementations and logistics later '' ? 
  that 's just not a workable plan in the long term . 
   the people that you claim to only `` talk , talk and talk '' what ? 
  i did n't say that . 
  i was actually saying that the turkey deal was a good step forward and that v4 countries were not opposing this step . 
   going ahead with their plan at what is basically a greater cost to themselves while essentially keeping the rest of the eu out of it . 
  i do n't understand your point here , how is the turkey deal a greater cost to anyone ? 
  i was under impression that it actually helps everyone , except maybe for italy , because the migrants will try to find new routes to europe . 
  and how is the rest of the eu kept out , all member countries contribute to the financial aid for turkey and the visa lifting would also apply to all member countries if it 's implemented . 
  do you know the 5 stages of grief ( denial , anger , bargaining , depression and acceptance ) ? 
  seems like we reached the last one , 
   the point of conflict was that said `` us '' should be the entire eu and not just a few countries inside it . 
  yeah , but the thing is , the refugees only want to go to a few countries inside the eu . 
  they do n't want to go to southern or eastern europe . 
  we already tried taking some refugees directly from iraq and most of them left to germany after a month or two , the same thing happened in poland . 
  redistribution simply does n't work in real life , unless you want to lock all the refugees in prison cells . 
  i know that v4 cooperation can sometimes be invisible , but it does n't mean it 's not there . 
  v4 almost died several times , because politicians either did not pay enough attention to it or found themselves in disagreement with the other countries too often , but eventually we found a way to cooperate in areas where we agree and not let the cooperation hindered by areas where we do n't agree . 
  and even though it may look like migration is the only thing we agree on , it 's not true . 
  one of the things that v4 closely cooperates on is the eastern partnership , which is supposed to help our eastern neighbours and we very often lobby for this initiave at the eu level and finance projects in these countries through the visegrad fund . 
  energy policy and military cooperation are other areas where we work together , we now have a v4 battle group and will be sending our common unit to the baltics in 2017 . 
  so it 's really a stretch to say that just because hungary has different views on russia , the whole v4 is useless . 
  the turkey deal no doubts helped to decrease the flow of migrants and i do n't see any v4 country opposing it . 
  at the same time , some things that v4 has been saying from the beginning , such as better protection of european external borders with european coast guard and making eu development assistance conditional on beneficiary states ' help on migration are now also being adopted at the european level . 
  it does n't always have to be us vs them mentality , both sides can bring valuable contributions to the solution of the crisis . 
  yes , absolutely . 
  unfortunately i do n't see anything changing about this here anytime soon . 
  politicians here are not pressed to do anything about the low fertility rates because czechs are not emigrating abroad in large numbers and at the same time we receive relatively lot of migrants , so we actually have a positive net migration . 
  so right now it 's not such a huge issue , but it probably will be in the future and that could be already too late for us . 
  now and then some random politician rants about low fertility rates and throws in some even more random idea what to do about it , but absolutely no structural solutions are being discussed . 
  and the whole social climate is still heavily biased towards the woman bearing the main burden of child upbringing . 
  at the same time , it 's almost always the woman who makes the final decision whether to have a baby . 
  often when a woman wants a child she will eventually persuade her partner even when he initially disagrees .
