  those sick fucks are struggling to even keep the remaining territories they still have in the middle east , so the terror attacks in the west are the only recent accomplishments they have . 
  if we could deny them the glory they currently are getting from them , it would be a serious blow for them . 
  but again , that does n't mean we should also deny that we have serious problems with integration of some muslim communities in europe . 
  of course these problems have to be addressed , but to make a huge scene out of every single attack in europe is not gon na help us solving these problems . 
  nobody says that we should ignore islamic extremism , however the huge amount of attention these kind of attacks get in our media is a big motivation factor for them to do the attacks in the first place . 
  they 're losing on the battlefields in the iraq and syria , so this is what keeps them relevant . 
  i 'm not saying that we should n't report about the attacks at all , but the 24h live stream coverage and the obsessing about every single detail about the attack is not helping us . 
  we 're basically keeping them in the spotlight , even when they 're losing more and more ground at home . 
  i get that from an emotional point of view , it 's hard to distance ourselves from the attacks . 
  i get that the nature of attacks , how they target defenseless innocent people is infuriating and it 's driving us totally mad , but in the end , we should n't give them what they very much want - the media attention that will help them to draw more people to their case and make them look strong when they 're actually weak . 
  obviously that does n't mean that we should ignore the problems that exist in europe with unintegrated muslim communities . 
  yeah , but your point was that no other eu countries , but poland , are against same-sex marriage ( or in general are homophobic ) . 
  and this simply is n't true . 
  poland is not alone in this . 
  [ i would n't be quite sure about that ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5sy7b9/should_lgb_people_have_the_same_rights_as/ ) . 
   all europeans ( except poland ) is totally in favour of same-sex marriage what ? 
  many countries in europe do n't have same-sex marriages , not just poland . 
  some have same-sex unions , but some do n't even have that . 
  you 're clearly not well informed when it comes to legislation concerning lgbt in different eu countries . 
  nobody will throw you under the bus , there is no mechanism in the eu to kick a member country out . 
  the worst thing that can happen to you is having your voting rights suspended , but even that would likely be blocked by poland . 
  euro is very unpopular among the czech public , so the political will to join erm is weak . 
  i think that the part with defense ties more so means that the soft group is like `` we really want to sustain defense ties with the uk , it 's a priority for us '' while the other group is like `` defense ties with the uk are good , but they 're not important enough for us to let ourselves be blackmailed by them and pushed into big concessions in the economic matters '' . 
  i do n't think anyone wants to suggest that we 're doing a favour to the uk by allowing them to have defense ties with us . 
  well i do n't see in kaczynski 's head , so i 'm not sure what he really believes , but basically there are several different narratives about how tusk is responsible for this . 
  one is that tusk had conflicts with lech kaczynski ( well , this part is not really a conspiracy theory , that 's true ) and they frequently argued over who is going to represent poland at international events , so because of these conflicts , there were two planes going to russia ( one with tusk and the other with kaczynski . 
  if tusk shared the plane with kaczynski , then nobody would die . 
  other theories go further and say that tusk is responsible for the cover-up of what really happened ( i.e. 
  russia assasinated lech kaczynski ) either intentionally ( so he was part of the plot of the assasination ) or due to negligence ( he did n't bother to call for proper investigations , because kaczynski was his political rival so he was actually glad to get rid of him ) . 
  yeah , they can have acreditations from abroad , but they have to apply for a permission to start providing their education over here . 
  and to get that , they have to be teaching in the home country . 
  afaik university of new york has a sister university in new york that teaches there . 
  ceu does n't teach in the us . 
  i 'm wondering how he plans to accomplish this , when we basically have a very similar law for how foreign universities should operate - they have to actually conduct the teaching activity in the home country , not just in the host country , which is something ceu does n't do . 
  they only have a seat in the us , but they do not teach there . 
   all of the 160 christian syrians brought to poland and hosted by a local ngo with the help of the gov back in summer of 2015 have now moved to germany . 
  happened here with iraqi christians as well . 
  it was all over the news , a complete pr disaster . 
   not to mention how this is going to be spun by the government to antagonize the eu . 
  as someone who 's vehemently against the ruling party , this comes at the worst time possible we have general elections in autumn and the presidential elections in january 2018 . 
  the migration topic finally started to lose its relevance , which is quite a big deal , specially for the presidential elections , since it 's basically the strongest topic of the current president , who i just really do n't want to see elected again , because he 's a self-centered vindictive man with pro-russian views . 
  but nope , the eu just has to bring this topic back to the spotlight . 
  great . 
  it 's as if they wanted to have politicians who will only case them headache later elected over here . 
  if they actually take this kind of approach , it 's gon na have very damaging effects on the eu image over here . 
  czech public already is quite eurosceptic , however polish , hungarian and slovak population are fairly pro-eu and these kind of measures can alienate them a lot . 
  not to mention that it gives the perfect ammunition to anti-eu parties/politicians . 
  personally i wish our government just got it over with as quickly as possible to minimize the negative political backlash - just go to greece and italy , pick up randomly the number of refugees we 're supposed to take , place them in centres with free movement and give them some money and instructions on how to get to the bus/train station and let them leave . 
  because it 's not like any of them want to stay here when they can be in germany in a few hours . 
   would you have thought , just one year ago , that the uk might realistically leave the eu , or that trump might become president ? 
  that is true , although the uk was always a special case in the relation to the eu and their population was always more eurosceptic than the hungarian population . 
  but i see your point and i agree that you ca n't really rule out anything . 
  however from my perspective , i do n't even see it likely that orb\u00e1n would ever initiate such a referendum . 
  it would have such serious consequences for the hungarian economy that he would be risking that people would get really mad and turn on him . 
  but do n't get me wrong , it 's not like i 'm a fan of orb\u00e1n , i would be thrilled if hungarians finally got rid of him . 
  well , none of us are perfectly rational , all people have cognitive flaws that make us make decisions that are not 100 % rational , however i also would n't say orb\u00e1n acts like a complete lunatic . 
  from my point of view , he 's a skilled populist whose main goal is to keep himself in power and for that he needs the hungarian economy to work . 
  leaving the eu would have severe consequences for the hungarian economy which is why i do n't see him taking this step . 
  because the defacto leader of poland thinks he 's either directly or indirectly responsible for the death of his twin brother , who he was very close with , and thus this whole issue is deeply personal for him . 
  yeah , but he still could n't even get a half of hungarians to come to the referendum about rejecting refugees and that is something the majority of hungarians agree with . 
  do you really think that he could convince over a half of hungarian society to vote for leaving the eu , when polls show that hungarians are strongly pro-eu ? 
  no to mention , i do n't even see what he would personally gain from leaving the eu . 
  it would kill the hungarian economy . 
  the funds are not even that important , but being in the single market is . 
  people 's living standards would go down and he would be risking that they would quickly turn on him because of that . 
   as for hungary , there is a big portion who is completely brainwashed by orb\u00e1n . 
  if he says we have to leave the eu , they will agree . 
  he could n't even make a half of hungarians come to the referendum about refugee quotas and that was not a very controversial issue , since the vast majority of hungarians do n't want to accept the quotas , still most did n't bother to vote . 
  so i do n't really think he managed to brainwash enough people to get a majority of hungarians to vote for leaving the eu . 
  that just does n't seem to be a realistic scenario . 
   or they make us leave . 
  so the eu has to choose whether they tolerate eu or make us leave . 
  nobody can make you leave , at worst they can suspend your voting rights , but that is also not very likely to happen , since the current polish government would for sure block that . 
  there is no legal mechanism that could be used to kick a country out of the eu . 
   i 'm sure i have to leave this country asap . 
  the day when leaving the eu is on the table is approaching fast . 
  why would orb\u00e1n want to leave the eu ? 
  hungary gets funds from the eu and fidezs gets to steal a part of them . 
  so leaving the eu would mean that they would be cutting themselves from a source of money . 
  also hungarian society is fairly pro-eu and i do n't really see orb\u00e1n going against the popular opinion in such an important issue . 
  he would be risking turning the people against him . 
   it is just bloody tiresome with the position germany is in . 
  everyone wants germany to do stuff it and the population does n't want to do . 
  guess what , this happens , to like every government in the world . 
  your leadership is currently trying to push our leadership into accepting refugees which is something that your population really does n't want . 
  and that 's just one example . 
  these kind of situations happen all the time and germany is absolutely not the only `` victim '' of this . 
   and if one finally gives in all you get in return in complaining and accusations . 
  it was so when germany was n't as politically active and it will be so again when germany ups the military . 
  important countries get criticism for their actions and often this criticism is unfair . 
  again , nothing german-specific . 
  it happens to all powerful countries , go and ask the us how they deal with this . 
   a 2 % spending is simply rediculous . 
  this target is something that nato countries agreed to spend . 
  i agree that it is an artificial target and for germany it would be possible to have a fairly capable military force with less money . 
  however i absolutely do n't agree that no build up is necessary . 
  currently european militaries are heavily dependent on the us . 
  france and the uk could not even keep the operations in libya going without us help . 
  the current german military is in even worse shape than french or british one . 
  russia on the other hand is very effective at spending the money they have .
