  it does n't work the other way around , when a woman says no , there is simply no baby . 
   i disagree with this : shit economics and shit politics have never stopped people from reproducing like rabbits , as birth rates in the world have clearly shown . 
  so what is this about eastern europe then ? 
  i do n't think the economic situation is not a factor . 
  yes , there are plenty of countries around the world where the fertility rates are sky high despite very shitty economic conditions , but those are often countries where a ) birth control is unavailable or stigmatized due to religious dogmas b ) women are not educated , so they do n't have other choice than becoming a wife and a mother c ) kids are an investment , as there are no state-funded pensions , so having kids supporting you is the only way to survive in old age . 
  in developed countries the economy plays at least some role . 
  for example in cz the fertility rates in the turbulent 90s were as low as 1.1 . 
  nowadays they are at 1.57 . 
  yep , it 's still very low , but it has grown and the improvement of the economic situation is surely one reason why . 
  but overall it 's pretty hard to analyze what is the most important factor and i think it probably differs in each country . 
  if it was purely economics , then germany should be having much higher and we should n't be beaten by countries like latvia . 
  so it 's really hard to tell `` what 's up with eastern europe '' . 
  we might be one region , but that does n't mean the reasons for low fertility must be the same everywhere . 
  i think that in cz one of the reasons is ironically generous after-birth support . 
  a mother or a father can get up to 3 years of paid leave , but it 's almost always the mother who stays home with the kid . 
  it is generally expected that the mother will stay home with the baby for at least two years . 
  part-time jobs are often not available . 
  at the same time , there is very little facilities to put a 2 year old , most kindergartens accept children from the age of 3 , so even mothers who would like to go back to work after 1 or 2 years often ca n't . 
  being out of your job for 3 years is just too much in most of the competitive fields and basically kills your career . 
  and imagine having a second kid and spent another 3 years at home . 
  that 's something women who primarely care about having a family will do , but not women who want to have work and family balance . 
  in the past grandparents were often helping and watching over small children , but nowadays that rarely happens , so many women will just decide to only have one kid . 
  i know , outrageous !, 
  but seriously , i find the fact that western european politicians think they can lecture someone on immigration almost amusing . 
  i will be the first to admit that our countries still have big issues and we can still learn a lot from the western europe . 
  i 'm absolutely willing to listen to sensible criticism in areas , where we still lag behind and even more willing to listen to advice and recommendations about how to improve the situation . 
  this kind of remarks are welcome and appreciated . 
  but migration is not one of the areas where we lag behing . 
  my country has a sustainable positive net immigration . 
  it does n't create too much pressure on the social and other services ( like healthcare and education ) . 
  our immigrants are very well assimilated , have high employment rate , their children do well at school , basically you would hardly notice they are here . 
  even our muslim community which is estimated to be around 15k - 20k people is not creating any sort of trouble . 
  yet we 're supposed to listen to western countries who willingly invited huge numbers of gastarbeiters and then failed to properly integrate them ? 
  we 're supposed to listen to countries like france , sweden and belgium ? 
  heck , even the turkish minority in germany is not exactly perfectly integrated . 
  yet for some reason western european politicians have the feeling that they can tell us how amazing multiculturalism is and how stupid we are because we are not trying to create the same kind of diverse societies they have in the western europe . 
  some are openly critical of it , some are more lenient with us , but in the worst kind of patronizing way thinking something like `` those poor eastern europeans are yet so backwards , we have to give them more time to realize how stupid and intolerant they are '' . 
  seriously , give me a break , we 're doing fine here with our immigrants , we do n't need your help . 
  i 'm sorry but this is getting old now . 
  the only time eastern europeans ever challenged the west in anything was when the west pushed through the quotas . 
  and even in this case it was only hungary , slovakia , cz and romania voting against and poland switching the position with the new government . 
  and out of these countries only slovakia and hungary decided to boycott the decision altogether . 
  before that there was n't a single case of rebellion against any eu policy . 
  so how exactly are eastern europeans not cooperating or refusing to help ? 
  basically every european country is very slow implementing the relocation scheme , granted eastern europeans might be slower on average , but do n't tell me that if we managed to relocate a few more dozens of the refugees , that it would make any big difference in the current situation . 
  this whole thing is really just symbolic , even if all eastern european countries suddenly took their entire quota of refugees at once , it would hardly help anything , specially since the refugees are absolutely not interested in staying here and we have no power to keep them by force . 
  so , what is the problem here , really ? 
  slovakia and hungary filed a lawsuit . 
  that 's their right . 
  rest of us said `` fine , we will take the one time quota . '', 
  what else do you want us to do ? 
  organize a refugees welcome party in the streets ? 
  make big moralizing statements ? 
  go back to brussels and tell them how they were right all along and how our populations which are against the quotas are all racists imbeciles ? 
  or agree to a pernament relocation scheme even if that can threaten the political stability in our countries , because anti-eu populist parties could get in power ? 
  and btw . 
  before this whole crisis blowed up in our faces , literaly every unaffected country was against relocations . 
  yes , even germany was against it , before it became their problem as well . 
  italy was asking for this in the previous years and they were rejected . 
  suddenly when it 's a problem of germany , they would like the pernament relocation scheme as well and are mad that eastern european countries , which are unaffected have exactly the same approach germany had when they were unaffected . 
  seriously , tha amount of hypocrisy that western european politicians are showing nowadays is ridiculous . 
   do n't be fooled by the most vocal ( and least educated ) part of the population i agree that taking a two , three thousands of migrants which were assigned to us through the quotas would be manageable ( though i doubt we could find that many of them interested in coming here ) , but this kind of attitude ( you have concerns about migrants from mena and therefore you are an uneducated idiot ) is exactly what 's making people so angry . 
  not to mention that it is simply not true , there are many educated people who oppose mena immigration . 
  it 's not a solution to dismiss these people with `` you 're all stupid '' . 
  they are looking for asylum in the western europe . 
  nobody wants to come to eastern/southern europe . 
  these numbers are strange , belarus and ukraine among the top countries with net migration ? 
  but still , it is a big issue obviously . 
  not so much in cz , because we 're not losing that many people , but from my experience the ones that we are losing are often the most skilled and educated . 
  at least part of them is coming back , but still it sucks when fresh medicine graduates leave to germany where they get paid 3 times more . 
  when i was visiting german courses at my uni , probably a third of the class were medicine students and all were thinking about moving to germany after graduating . 
  they were n't yet absolutely sure , but were seriously considering it . 
  and i ca n't say i blame them , some of the hospitals in cz are already understaffed , so the working conditions for those who stay are tough . 
  yes , i 'm aware of that , i just did n't know that kurdish regions are less developed . 
  yes , because before this whole refugee crisis started there were hundreds of thousands of people coming to italy in the previous years and under the dublin system they were technically not allowed to leave it . 
  did that put the migrants off ? 
  no , because they found a way to go around the rules , just as they would now . 
  eu sucks at trying to enforce rules , we ca n't even send people back to their home countries . 
  not allowing them to work or take benefits in any other than `` their '' country will not work , because they will prefer to live illegally within their community than legally in eastern europe . 
  alternatively once they find out they are assigned to a country where they do n't want to go , they will just `` disappear '' to avoid being send there . 
  which is already happening right now with the current relocation scheme . 
  the message you want to make clear is not `` do n't come , because you can be send to romania '' , because the migrants will still take the shot , the message should be `` do n't come , because you will not be allowed to continue anywhere in europe '' . 
  yeah , right , we 're so blocking sensible solutions by not wanting to take refugees who refuse to stay in our countries anyway . 
  because shipping people somewhere they do n't want to go and will do everything they can to leave , is the most sensible solution to the crisis . 
  it would absolutely solve everything and the only hindrance to this genious plan are those pesky eastern europeans . 
  sorry if this question is ignorant , but why do kurds have higher fertility rates than turks ? 
  is there some big social divide between these two groups ? 
  are turkish women more educated than kurdish women ? 
  well russia does n't give a shit about v4 . 
  russia wants to feel important by only dealing with countries which they find important - so the us and china and to less extent the uk , germany and france . 
  other european countries are not really seen as independent players , but only as pawns of the strong players . 
  of course you can see lavrov stopping by in hungary and talking to orb\u00e1n , but that does n't mean putin takes hungary seriously , it 's just one of the ways to try to break the eu unity . 
  of course we can make life a bit more uncomfortable for russia by cooperating on the military level and sending our troops to the baltics , but without being supported by the us , it does n't mean shit and russia knows it . 
  yeah , we absolutely do have some common interests , specially in the area of eastern partnership . 
  we have definitely more common interests with romania , than say , italy or portugal . 
  but the fact that in v4 we 're all very close to each other geographically gives us special space for cooperation for example in transportation . 
  but do n't get me wrong , i would personally have nothing against romania joining v4 , it 's just that there is not that much motivation to do that on our side , because the current form of v4 works well for us . 
  over the time we learnt how to cooperate quickly and efficiently , we all have established teams for v4 in our foreign ministries which meet regularly , so the ties are already pretty deep . 
  we found the areas where we know we can agree and managed to not let our differences in other areas hinder the cooperation . 
  also the dynamics between the member countries is already kinda established with us and slovaks very often coordinating our position together beforhand and then trying to get the poles aboard , while poles often doing the same stuff with hungarians and then trying to get us aboard .
