  does that mean that non-euro countries would also be excluded from other sorts of closer cooperation for example in the defense matters ? 
  and what about euro countries that do have euro but they do n't want to further integration ? 
  what about countries that want further cooperation in some areas but not in other areas ? 
  the thing is that there 's a lot of talk about two speed eu , but no one actually knows yet how exactly it should work . 
  so then it 's kind of pointless to argue whether it should happen or not when we have no idea how it should even look like . 
   as soon as you guys admit that german beer is best beer you can be number 3 anytime . 
  that 's never gon na happen , we would rather be the last in the world before admitting any such nonsense . 
  nah , not worried at all . 
  that would not work well with your wealth gathering need . 
  as if you did n't already have to spend so much on eastern germany instead of saving all that money . 
  now you would have us in the mix . 
  that would go against the german dwarven culture . 
  well that escalated quickly . 
  polandball once again proven right . 
  of course not , cause you 're german , you 're all about w\u00f6rk , w\u00f6rk , w\u00f6rk and monies , monies , monies . 
  at least that 's what polandball taught me . 
  also a compulsive need to gather and sit on a huge amount of wealth ? 
  check !, 
  germans = dwarves - confirmed . 
  i think so to . 
  czech public in general is fairly eurosceptic , but i think this would among the few eu interventions that we would actually appreciate . 
  it 's not gon na happen , obviously , but i agree that it would likely be popular . 
  honestly sometimes i wish that all post communists countries in the 2004 expansion were placed under the same kind of supervision like romania and bulgara are ( perhaps except for estonia or slovenia , they seem to be doing relatively fine ) . 
  and it seems like some southern european countries might need this treatment as well . 
  though of course i realize that it is completely unrealistic . 
  well i guess if we stick to the dictionary definitions , you 're right about that . 
  still this is what we call it here in history lessons - the munich betrayal . 
  it really was a dickish move . 
  for example from today 's perspective we also do n't militarily help ukraine to take back the eastern parts of crimea , but we also do n't say `` yeah , go ahead and take it , it 's all yours '' to putin . 
  it 's not really just about the obligation to defend us , but also about the refusal to even say no to hitler taking sudetenland . 
  instead you agreed on that with him , so we were left not only without any material support but also without any moral support . 
  hah , no offense , but `` get lucky '' is not exactly the best advice i 'm afraid , 
   but can i just say how annoying it is to constantly be on the receiving end of these bullshit lists ? 
  you can , but i would recommend you to not take it so seriously and just chill . 
  this is just one report and obviously it has some flaws , no report covering the standards of democracy in the entire world will ever be perfect , there will always be some generalizations . 
  it 's really pointless to get upset over it . 
  if you have an eu passport , which i suppose you have , then not having a degree is n't such a huge obstacle , as long as you have relevant experience/portfolio . 
  obviously with a degree your options would be even better but as i said , there really is a big shortage of it skilled people , so the employers do n't get to be so picky . 
  the same goes for the language - a significant part of it jobs are english speaking , so it 's possible to find a job in it without knowing czech , however again - you options would be wider if you knew czech . 
  but learning czech is really difficult for non-slavic speakers , so i would not recommend you to start with it , unless you really planned to stay here for more than a year , otherwise it 's just a waste of time really . 
  there are huge shortages of skilled it professionals , salary-wise it 's one of the best fields you can work in and the cost of living to salary ratio is very often as good , sometimes even better , than in some western european cities . 
  seriously , people in it nowadays have a very good time over here , in other fields the conditions are way less favourable though . 
  do you have any sources for that ? 
  numbeo sets berlin rent prices at cca 38 % higher than in prague . 
  plus berlin is among the cheaper cities in germany , prague is the most expensive one in cz . 
  sorry , but where in poland are the rents the same as in the western europe ? 
  in czechia that 's definitely not the case , not even in prague , let alone the rest of the country . 
  though some groceries , electronics , cosmetics etc. 
  cost the same . 
  i remember reading somewhere that millenials are the first post-war generation to have it financially worse off in the west than the previous generation . 
  if you combine it with the fact that european societies in general are getting older and older and thus old people are becoming a bigger and bigger part of the electorate , it does n't leave very good prospects for the young people . 
  thanks for this video , i think that it shows a very important thing that is often overlooked when the topic of muslim integration in europe is discussed . 
  very often when we talk about problems with the muslim communities in europe , we tend to focus on problems where native europeans are directly involved as victims ( be it a simple refusal of a handshake of a female teacher , sexual attacks at a music festival , or a terror attack on the christmas markets ) . 
  these things are obviously horrible , but as it is often pointed out by left-wing activists , they 're not as statistically significant . 
  however this imo still does n't mean that the integration of muslim communities in europe is largely unproblematic and it 's just a few extremists who are causing troubles . 
  because as she is pointing out in the video , we are ignoring thousands and thousands of other victims - and those are young kids , girls in particular , who are growing up in a deeply conservative enviroment and who in europe in the 21st century are going through the kind of abuse that should be totally unacceptable . 
  but because it 's a religious minority we 're talking about here , it 's ignored . 
  because apparently it 's a cultural and religious value to treat your daughters like shit . 
  and it 's not just about girls , try to read about young european muslims who dared to left their religion . 
  i get that the authorities ca n't take away a child from parents just because the parents hold backwards views , however i think there should be way more protection available to teenagers who struggle to get away from their parents ' control . 
  there should be way more pressure from the general public that hiding behind religion freedom to impose your backwards worldviews on your kids is totally unacceptable . 
  we do owe it to these children . 
  too many times , we talk about how we have to respect religious minorities and how we should let women decide what kind of clothes they want to wear and if they 're ok covering themselves up from head to toes , we should n't intervene with that , but i 'm just afraid we forgot to ask in what kind of enviroment have we left these women grow up ? 
  did we make sure to let them know they can reach to us for help if they needed to ? 
  did we help them to understand their rights ? 
  did we encourage them to reach their potential ? 
  or did we just suppose that they have made their own voluntary choices and that they 're all happy with their lifes ? 
  well some for sure did and that is fine . 
  but i believe many of them did n't . 
  women are normal human beings , not all that different from men and i can assure you that we 're not born with the belief that we 're inferior and should be treated as such . 
  instead it 's the backwards conservative mindsets that is being imposed on little girls by their families which makes them believe that they have to always submit to the authority of a man , be it a father , brother or a husband . 
  and i 'm not even talking about the modern day feminism here , i 'm talking about the basic gender equality that some women are denied in the muslim communities in europe . 
  like becoming a musician and not facing death threats because of it , as she is talking about it in the video . 
  and yes i get that it 's not just muslim communities who have very conservative views - i 'm against all other parents/communities who fuck up the lifes of their kids because of their backwards views . 
  it just so happens that it 's nowadays mostly islam that is a `` great '' source of these backwards views , while christianity no longer has such negative influence over peoples ' lifes , at least in the western europe . 
  and i also understand that not all muslims are conservative , so i apologize in advance for this generalization , however when i look at the majority-muslim countries in the world , i simply have to conclude that the majority of muslims indeed are pretty conservative . 
  and honestly this is why i really do n't want a large muslim community being established in my country . 
  not because i fear imminent terror attacks or a huge jump in the crime statistics , but because i simply could n't stand that there would suddenly be many young girls in my country treated like inferior beings and we would be unable to help them and we would let them down just like the woman in the video was let down when she was younger . 
   it seems odd to me to see the massive disconnect between social conservatism and religion since that is essentially the entire basis of the argument over here . 
  i would say that the arguments are in a way similar , both religious anti-gay people and irreligious anti-gay people are against gay marriage because it goes against `` the natural order of things '' and against the `` traditional values '' , only in the case of religious people , they think this order and values are set by the god , while irreligious people just simply think that it is not set by anybody , it it just the way it is . 
  or in many cases they actually substitute god with nature . 
  a very common argument of people here who are in favour of gay marriage , but against adoptions is that `` the nature did n't arrange it for gay people to have children , so we should n't intervene with that '' . 
  you 're probably right . 
  i was n't really thinking about it too much when i was writing that . 
  though i have n't really studied this topic that much , so i 'm not sure whether there is enough reliable studies proving that homosexual couples have the same results in raising a child as heterosexual couples . 
  but if so , then you 're right that there should n't be any discrimination and that homosexual couples should have the same chance at adopting a child as heterosexual couples . 
  we also do have the distinction between adoptive and foster parents and yes , there are children who can not be adopted and can only be placed in a foster family because their biological parents still have some limited parental rights to them . 
  however there are also children who legally could be adopted , but are n't simply because of their age or ethnicity . 
  czech hetero couples overwhelmingly want a baby or a todler of the same ethnicity as them . 
  they 're mostly not interested in adopting an 8 year old roma kid , even if that kid does n't have mental/physical disability . 
  in czechia the situation is like this only for fully healthy white babies . 
  however it 's much harder to find suitable parents who are n't that picky and are willing to take a child who is either older or has a slight physical/mental disposition or is of a different race/ethnicity . 
  it 's possible that gay couples might be more open to that . 
  being atheistic does n't necessarily mean that you wo n't be socially conservative . 
  over here anti-gay people mostly do n't use religion as an argument , they more so say that gays being in a marriage is ` unnatural ' and so on . 
  also many people are uneducated on this , they think that gays already got all their rights with the civil unions , so there 's no need for gays marriage , that 's why some might be against it as well . 
   we slovaks and you czechs seem to just have this relationship where we pretend hate each other i do n't even bother to pretend that . 
  i 'm shamelessly open about my love for slovakia . 
  you 're the best < 3, 
   for as ( arguably ) tolerant we are towards homosexual issues , we are very slow on policymaking in the area .
