  it 's not our fault how the eurozone was set up and how it hurts southern europe . 
  so if you have problems with how eu works , take it to your own politicians , because just blaming the inefficiency of the eu on ee is stupid . 
  we essentially clashed with the eu on one thing and that is the migrant crisis . 
  and even in that case , it was really just v4 . 
  we 're not the sole reason for all eu failings . 
   if we force things through then eastern europe is n't going to be happy . 
  some countries , like romania , bulgaria and crotia are worried that they will be pushed out on the periphery regardless of what they want . 
   a two speed is the only solution . 
  it can help with some things , but it can also bring new problems . 
  essentially , it can eventually totally erode the unity within the eu . 
  and btw this is n't just about ee and we . 
  nordic countries are n't ethusiastic about further eu integration either . 
  are you also gon na push them on the periphery ? 
  i think it more so has to do with the troubles eurozone has been through since 2008 , specially with a connection to the greek crisis . 
  the euro simply lost some of its credibility after that in peoples ' eyes . 
  and also euro support obviously follows roughly the same pattern as the support for eu in general , which took a huge hit with the migrant crisis . 
   when i write eu i mean the entire system working as a whole , composed of member states and institutions , which make decisions together i see . 
  when i write eu i usually mean mainly the commission , because they 're the ones who come up with legislation . 
  and in this specific case , they 're also the ones advocating for the quota system the hardest , the member countries have been not so vocal about it recently . 
  and yes , you 're right that there is a strong sentiment among the pro-eu people in the western europe that the eu should go in the direction of two-speed europe and yes , i have also noticed that some people think that the 2004 expansion was a mistake and those people would certainly prefer if at least some of the new member states were n't in the core . 
  it 's certainly not something you could rule out . 
  i do n't think the commission or the we countries would go as far as formally not allowing us in the core , but they could make the conditions so unappealing to us that we would find it very difficult to agree to them . 
  at the same time , with such steps they might cause serious disruptions to the entire eu structure which would be pretty risky , specially during the brexit negotiations . 
   but it was obviously not going to work at the start . 
  from my point of view ? 
  absolutely yes . 
  but from the point of view of other people , maybe not . 
  it 's my impression that many people in the western europe have some sort of black and white romanticized image of the refugees , whereas in the eastern europe , the opposite case is often true when people just view the refugees as cartoonishly evil . 
  so i can see that people in the western europe might have assumed that the quota system would work and that the refugees are all just poor victims looking purely for safety and shelter and that they will remain wherever they 're send . 
  nowadays it 's quite clear that this did n't happen , but back then in 2015 , this might not have been clear to everyone . 
  however the inability of the eu to acknowledge that the system is n't working now , when we can clearly see so , is really very dissapointing to me . 
  it almost puzzles me to be honest . 
  i do n't know whether it 's just a pure power play , when they just do n't want to admit that v4 was right about this specific thing , or whether they really think that they can actually make the system work . 
  some people at this sub have even speculated that they 're doing this intentionally to push away certain countries to the periphery of the eu . 
  i really do n't know , but you 're absolutely right that the lack of self-reflection is really worrying . 
  however it 's not really just the eu 's fault . 
  ultimately it 's the majority of the member countries that voted for this system and that continue supporting it . 
  if there was n't significant enough support among the member states , the commission would not be able to push for it . 
  could n't agree more . 
  they want their community and they want money . 
  plenty of the refugees from syria or iraq used to be the upper middle class in their countries . 
  the really poor ones did n't make it to europe in the first place . 
  therefore they are used to certain standards and they had expectations that would at least have the same standards in europe . 
  the men were used to making enough money for the entire family . 
  they do n't want their wife to work and be too independent . 
  they were used to having large family and friends circle around them and in estonia , they have none of it . 
  they might have relatives which think that living in europe means being rich , so they expect that they will send them money . 
  in their culture , it 's normal to help out even member of your very extended family and it 's dishonourable when you ca n't do that . 
  at the same time , they are virtually no obstacles for leaving estonia and no risks in case they get caught . 
  nothing can happen to them , at worst , they get send back to estonia from which they can escape very quickly again . 
  the quota system is simply a ridiculous failure , it does n't fix any of the problems that eu has , it just creates more problems in the long term . 
  the recognition of foreign entities is the authority of the government . 
  i believe that in the case of the recognition of capital cities of foreign entities it would be the same . 
  so the pm himself can not recognize jerusalem as the capital city of israel , however the government can . 
  the government does n't have to put this vote through the parliament , all they need to do is to vote on it among the themselves , i.e. 
  the members of the government would have to vote on that and the majority would have to agree with that . 
  it is n't that likely that they will do that . 
  not because they do n't agree with that ( i mean mps belonging to the governmental parties overwhelmingly supported the resolution ) , but because there are certain constraints on our foreign policy through our membership in the eu and i would not expect that our government would want to be the only outlier among the western states when it comes to this issue . 
  but maybe they 'll surprise us , who knows . 
  look , the question in the poll was phrased relatively clearly . 
  it was n't asking about whether you believe a war with russia will or will not happen . 
  it was asking about what should your country do if the war between russia and a neighbouring country happened . 
  and people in several we countries were cca split on that 50/50 , in the case of germany , most people would oppose helping that country militarily despite being obliged to through nato . 
  this sentiment in we that you should avoid a war with russia even if a nato ally is attacked is clearly present among some parts of we societies , so i do n't see why we should pretend like that 's not the case . 
  it 's not really fair to compare western european and american muslims . 
  western european muslims overwhelmingly come from the lower class . 
  they were invited to europe as guest unskilled workers after ww2 or they just came as a result of the ties of some european countries to the post-collonial world . 
  they were mostly poorly educated , often from the rural parts of their home country and so logically they held pretty conservative views . 
  more importantly , they were not supposed to stay . 
  only the plan to have them come only for several years did n't really work out , they had kids in europe and a lot of them somehow managed to stay . 
  but obviously since they were n't expected to stay , we government did n't really try to integrate them , so they ended up at the bottom of the society . 
  which was ok for the 1st generation , because that was still an upgrade from what they had in their home countries , but for the 2nd and 3d generation , it was n't really that good anymore . 
  american muslims on the other hand are mostly the educated , more liberal minded muslims , so of course it 's easier to assimilate such people . 
   they wo n't pay it back . 
  you do n't know that . 
   it 'll disappear in a politician 's pocket . 
  part of it , yes . 
  but we politicians are n't stupid , they know that not 100 % of the money will be spent efficiently and they concluded that it 's still worth it . 
  better have a part of the money go to politicians ' pockets then have ukraine collapse and face a full russian invasion of the eastern ukraine and a total humanitarian crisis right at eu 's borders . 
  ukraine in general needs western political support , so the west has leverage to force them to spend at least part of the money efficiently . 
   raid the militia . 
  we know who they are and where they are , ukraine just wo n't do anything about it . 
  i do n't know enough about the case to be able to say why they do n't try to get back the paintings by force . 
  but do you know for sure that the paintings are still in the ukrainian territory ? 
   we are `` offering '' financial assistance ( free money ) . 
  financial assistence does n't mean free money . 
  ukraine gets loans from the west , under more favourable conditions than some other country would , but it 's still a loan , not free money . 
  and even if it was ` free money ' , it would not truly be free money . 
  almost nothing is really free in international relations . 
  countries give foreign aid , because they hope to secure influence over the recipient countries . 
  or because they just want them to be more stable since their stability somehow helps with their own security . 
  which is precisely the case of ukraine , it 's in the interest of the eu to have a stable ukraine and ukraine can hardly be stable if it goes bankrupt . 
   they did n't give them back . 
  ca n't cooperate with people who wo n't cooperate if the current administrative does n't have the paintings under their control , how can it give it back ? 
  i 'm not convinced handing them free money will fix any of it . 
  you 're not handing them free money . 
  you 're making a trade deal with them . 
  you 're also not giving free money to ee eu states . 
  the eu funds are a form of compensation for ee states for opening their markets to we . 
  rich we states have profited massively from it , we companies are dominating ee markets and are taking massive amounts of money from ee economies back to their home countries in the form of dividents , which in the case of my country are in total much bigger than what we get in the form of eu funds .
