   even in your survey , negative opinion is twice as numerous as positive . 
  i never said otherwise , i just said that you 're making up numbers which are n't correct and presenting them as a fact . 
   whining is everything we can . 
  you seem to whine a lot too , so it should n't be such a foreign concept for you . 
  plus you present everything form the black and white perspective . 
  it 's not true that we 're always unconstructive in the eu , while western countries are always the most constructive . 
  the eu is n't flawless , western countries are n't flawless and we 're not always wrong when we criticize the eu . 
   yes , with donations . 
  i consider it direct support tho . 
  fine , i guess it does n't matter whether you call it direct or indirect support . 
  i still do n't understand why you have to constantly be so negative . 
  if you find it so unsatisfying here , why do n't you just move ? 
  i 'm not saying that we should ignore our problems and pretend like we 're perfect , but working on fixing them constructively is the only way forward . 
  spreading nothing but negativity is just making it harder for people who want to work on it . 
  from your posts , i feel a lot of disdain for people living in v4 countries and frankly speaking perhaps it would be even more healthy for you to move somewhere where you 'd be more happy . 
   they got nothing but problems oh , really , so the west did n't profit from having acess to our markets ? 
  so western-owned companies are not getting money out of our economy in the form of dividents which are in total bigger that what we get in the form of eu funds ? 
  just go to \u010cnb website and look at our balance of payments and you 'll see the flows of money to and from our country ( if you have some basic knowledge about economy ) . 
  it 's a nonsense that we 're not giving anything back . 
  everybody profits from having us in the single market , of course including us . 
  we 're not the ones causing a headache to the eu due to our inabilitiy to stick to fiscal rules . 
   60 % of the population has negative opinion about the eu . 
  that 's a nonsense too , you just completely made that number up . 
  the last eurobarometer from november 2016 showed 28 % positive , 39 % neutral and 32 % negative . 
  you can download the survey [ here ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/commfrontoffice/publicopinion/index.cfm/survey/getsurveydetail/yearfrom/1974/yearto/2016/surveyky/2137 ) . 
  obviously that 's not something that we should celebrate , but if you want to hate on that , at least use correct numbers . 
   it would be fair to organize referendum and bear consequences . 
  why on earth should we organize a referendum and bring more instability to the eu , when there is n't even any clear apparent desire for a referendum among the public ? 
  yes , people are grumpy and complain , but have you seen any actual significant initiative to leave the eu ? 
  a demonstration , a petition , anything ? 
   i believe that the person is ultimately the builder of his fate . 
  really , so you on one hand believe that each person is responsible for his own fate , but at the same time , you also want us to all ` bear the consequnces ' on the national level ? 
  so if you apply this `` everyone 's on his own '' ideology on the national level , then i 'm asking again , what are you specifically doing to improve the situation in the czech republic , apart from complaining on reddit ? 
  are n't you just like the people you criticize , who just do nothing but complain about the eu , only you do it in the opposite direction ? 
  there are plenty of ngos in the czech republic which are trying to tackle the problems we have , are you active in some of them ? 
  or are you at least indirectly supporting them ? 
  have you thought about joining the public sphere and try to improve the situation from the inside ? 
  have you considered getting politically active and push for your views in other ways than just moaning how other people are not thinking what you 're thinking ? 
  and if you say `` no , this is not my responsibility , if people are so stupid that they ca n't see it on their own , then i 'm just going to leave this country , because i 'm so smart that i can easily go anywhere , find a job and live there and so i 'm going to punish everyone from the czech republic by paying taxes in a different country '' - fine , it 's your choice , but why do you still have the need to complain about the situation in the czech republic , when you ca n't be bothered to do anything to help changing it ? 
  why do you have to preach your negativity everywhere , poisoning the atmopshere for the rest of us , who have n't given up and who still actually give a shit about our country . 
  sorry , but you criticize our countries for not being constructive enough ( and i agree with that ) , but at the same time , you do n't provide anything constructive yourself at all . 
  can you stop with this ridiculous self-hate ? 
  yes , we have problems , we have historic baggage and we do n't always act as the most constructive partners . 
  but there are problems everywhere . 
  there are also many good things here and many good people . 
  instead of always complaining how everything is shit in our country and how all the other people that have different views than you are stupid idiots who do not belong in the eu , how about you start acting constructively and think how you could personally help improving the situation . 
  constant negativity is not gon na get us anywhere , instead it 's exactly one of the things that is dragging us down . 
   any guess/explanation why ? 
  for us you 're like these eternal twins haha , i know this whole conversation is mostly tongue-in-cheek , but i 'll still be the boring person and answer seriously - czechs and slovaks are very , very fond of each other , however that does n't mean we 're that similar . 
  we only started sharing a country in 1918 and from the start it was a political project , not some spontaneous bonding process . 
  there always were and still are differences between us - czechs tend to be more urban/liberal/irreligious while slovaks tend to be more conservative and catholic . 
  you 're right though that this probably is n't at all why we 're at the first place in this stat and slovak at the second . 
  i have no idea why is that , you would have to ask poles . 
  i just know that they like our language a lot , because to them it sounds as if small kids were trying to speak . 
  as for our tendency to kill ourselves on vacation abroad - i have a theory that this has to do with the fact that many czechs just assume that if they can hike well/raft well in our mountains and on our rivers , then this will also apply abroad . 
  however what they do n't realize is that our mountains are totally softcore , so being able to hike in the czech republic does n't make one a hiking expert . 
  then he would come up with some bullshit accusations and fake evidence , just like he did against the secular opposition . 
  it 's not like erdogan would ever be fine with a strong kurdish opposition , even if this opposition had not ties with pkk . 
  he would just made up the ties and since after the purges , he pretty much controls courts and other public representatives , he would not have a hard time to sentence them . 
  he 's a fucking cancer for turkey and at this point , i just hope he makes the turkish economy collapse so that turkish people finally realize that he 's not who they think he is . 
  as if even if they acted like complete saints , erdogan would have left them alone . 
  erdogan does n't want any strong opposition , he will go after everyone that gets in his way , be it the secularists , gulen supporters or hdp . 
  he might make temporary alliances with someone , but in the end , he just wants all the power for himself . 
  he 's just messing with you , it 's not mixed up , just look at the original source , you do n't even have to be able to speak polish to see what czesi and slowacy means . 
  slovaks , deal with it , they like us better than you . 
  it feels good to be first at something . 
  thank you , polish bros < 3, 
  ** czech republic ** * the czech central bank stopped intervening in the exchange rate of our currency . 
  it was an expected move , the bank was already hinting on it for some time , so everyone was ready for it . 
  after the interventions stopped , czech crown got a bit stronger , but there was n't any huge jump as for example in the case of switzerland . 
  * yet another corruption investigation concerning the eu funds . 
  cause we never have enough of those . 
  this time in one of the districts of prague , which is kind infamous for their corruption scandals . 
  the ex-mayor of the district and 39 more officials are already under a corruption investigation since 2014 . 
  this one is a new investigation concerning money which were supposed to be used for renovating kids playgrounds , but in reality most of the work that was payed for either was n't done at all or was done only partly . 
  so the city council of prague is now suing the ex-mayor , because they payed all the bills and when they asked the eu to give them the money , the eu was like `` nope , we 're not paying for that '' , because it was already clear that they money were misspent . 
  * a new law passed in the lower house of the parliament concerning the rights of foreigners in the czech republic . 
  under this new law , the process of granting a foreigner a residence permit can be stopped immediataly when the foreigner either does n't come to a hearing without a serious reason or is found to have lied anytime during the application process , or is found to presented any form of fake id . 
  there was also a proposal to eliminate the option to appeal a negative decision in a court , but this was rejected since it would be unconstitutional . 
  * the czech foreign ministry is very angry about a recent ruling of a court in the uk that decided that a murder of a czech citizen last year in london was not in fact a murder , but a self-defense , so the suspect was released with no charges at all . 
  so far all the details that were known about the case suggested that the czech man was beaten to death with a chain , so this ruling came as a big surprise , the czech fm even called the british ambassador to complain about it and suggested that it could be that the nationality of the victim played a role in the ruling . 
   are you telling me that when hungary joined they did not know what the eu was ? 
  ca n't speak for hungary , but at least in the czech republic ( and i suspect that the situation is similar in other post-communist states ) there was n't and still is n't any public debate about ever closer union , apart from the intellectual spheres . 
  of course politicians knew that this mentioning of ever closer union was in the treaties , but the people did n't and the vast majority of them still do n't know about it . 
  the eu was sold here as `` you 'll be able to travel more easily , your kids will be able to study in europe and our economy will improve thanks to the single market and the eu funds '' . 
  and that was basically it , there was n't any discussion about whether the eu should work towards a federation and whether we 're okay with that or not . 
   your whole argument seems to be that these attacks only happen because isis holds territory and will somehow stop when isis is completely devoid of any territory . 
  well the less powerful isis gets , the less resources will it have to do attacks in europe . 
  however i agree that there 's a risk that even when they 're defeated , some other group will replace them . 
  western europe indeed is facing a big challenge on how to decrease the risk of their muslim communities getting radicalized . 
  i do n't pretend like i have a solution for this . 
  i really do n't know what should be the right approach . 
  my only point was that we should n't give isis the media image they want . 
  we should give them one that they deserve - which is that they 're pathethic losers suffering one defeat after another who even must kill their own members now , because so many people try to desert from them . 
  of course i 'm also not saying that we should ignore it , obviously when people think the saw something suspicious , they should absolutely report it . 
  and i also agree that for the perpetuators themselves , the attention is n't what primarely motivates them ( i mean , most of them do it knowing that they could very likely die ) , however from the perspective of the leaders of the terror groups , the attention they get is absolutely crucial , it is what helps them when recruiting new people and funding , because it makes them feel stronger and more relevant than they actually are . 
  and people like to join/support groups that seem to be on the winning side . 
  that 's why isis was so sucessful at recruiting new people when it was expanding , whereas once it started losing , fewer people were willing to join them . 
  yes , obviously there 's less risk here than in the western europe . 
  that does n't change anything about the fact that putting the terrorists in the spotlight is only helping them .
