  at the same time , i also realize that the us contribution to our security was not purely altruistic and that it served american interests as well . 
  still , even if it was n't altruistic , it still was very benefitial for us , so i highly appreciate that . 
  i see that currently the us is no longer willing to fullfil this role . 
  obviously it does n't make me extremely happy , but i think this would all be managable for europe , if the overall withdrawal of american presence in europe was slow and gradual , if we had more time to prepare for it and if we could still count on the political partnership with the us . 
  but if trump sides with putin on his quest to tear apart the eu , then we have a serious issue . 
  in either case , i think we need a closer defense cooperation within the eu outside of nato , because i feel like with trump as the president , we simply can not rely on nato anymore . 
   uk will probably have a lot of influence with trump . 
  we can use that influence to ensure usa remains committed to nato . 
  what makes you think that you 're gon na have a lot of influence with trump ? 
  you 're the weaker partner in the us-uk relationship . 
  if anything , he 'll be pressuring you to give him more favourable conditions in the us-uk free trade deal in order for him to support you in your negotiations with the eu . 
  to be honest i think we 're past the point of asking whether we can keep the us commited to nato or not . 
  us under trump are gon na be an unreliable partner , no matter what we or you do . 
  they 're gon na be like this at least for the next 4 years . 
  his remarks about the eu and germany are openly hostile . 
  either he 's an idiot or he 's deliberately trying to divide us . 
  this is not his bombastic campaign anymore where we could ignore what he says thinking that he 's talking purely for his domestic audience . 
  not only is he not really changing his rhetorics , he 's hardening it towards the eu . 
  we in the eu need our own security arrangements and we need them fast , we ca n't rely on nato anymore . 
   we would love to be a good friend to you , if you let us . 
  maybe you personally would like to , but the british politicians ? 
  part of the tories hate the eu . 
  current labour under corbyn hates nato and the west in general . 
  ukip thinks the eu is the source of all the evil in the world . 
  a big part of your public and media hate the eu . 
  when i 'm nowadays looking at the current uk , i 'm not sure whether this country wants to be a good neighbour to us . 
  it seems like you prefer to be good friends with trump . 
  i know that may might be saying nice things now , but these nice things might go out of the window very quickly if the negotiations do n't go very smoothly . 
   i think we can do a great deal together . 
  no offence , but that sounds like something trump would say  but jokes asides , i hope you 're right . 
  i really hope we could keep it civil between us , but i 'm genuinely worried we wo n't be able to . 
  i feel like the atmosphere is getting more and more toxic everywhere . 
  putin 's long term geopolitical goal is to break the eu apart and separate us from the both the uk and the us . 
  he already helped doing that with the us . 
  now we have a potus who either does n't really understand the value of the eu , or worse he 's straight-out hostile to it . 
  in the uk there are also many people who basically see the eu as an evil organization . 
  leaving for them is not enough , they also want to destroy it . 
  then you have a big group of people who might not be hostile to the eu , but they 're also completely indifferent - they do n't see the benefits of the eu , they do n't understand how valuable it can be for the uk to have a strong and stable eu , instead of several relatively strong and many relatively weak nations bickering among each other and russia exploiting the situation . 
  because if things go to hell in europe , it will negatively affect the uk as well . 
  perhaps i 'm being too negative , but this situation is really worrying to me . 
  the eu is not immortal . 
  before 1989 nobody thought that the soviet union might collapse this quickly . 
  and then it happened . 
  the pressure on the eu nowadays is huge . 
  brexit , trump , putin , the mess in the middle east/africa , hungary and poland backsliding in democratic standards , the eurozone problems ... the eu is dealing with a lot and i 'm beginning to doubt if it can survive it . 
  i only know that there 's no reasonable substitution for it . 
  if it dies , then we have nothing , no institutional background that would prevent us from going back to pre-ww2 norms . 
  and this is all terrifying to me . 
  nobody said that we would n't trade with you . 
  we will continue trading with you , just under different conditions that will be less favourable than if you were in the single market . 
  but that 's absolutely obvious , if you leave the single market , you ca n't possibly demand the same conditions . 
  of course i do n't know what the exact conditions will look like , but i think it 's absolutely clear that no one in europe wants a complete trade embargo with the uk . 
   not wanting a good trade agreement with the uk puts the uk in jeopardy though . 
  no , it does n't , at the very best , it puts the uk in the risk of having an economic recession/stagnation , but it does n't pose any existential threat to the uk . 
  it 's completely uncomparable to the risk that baltics and other ee countries would be facing if the european security were to unravel . 
   also , trade and security are fundamentally linked in international relations and always have been . 
  this is true , it was always like that , however in the post ww2 era , a new security climate was established in europe . 
  realpolitik obviously still plays a big role , but among the `` european family '' it 's no longer acceptable to use brute force as a foreign policy tool . 
  nor is it acceptable to use direct or indirect threats of using force . 
  for example , we do not threaten to throw someone under the bus anymore if we do n't get our way . 
  countries are not some autonomous entities , they are led by people and people are shaped by the society and the european societies made huge steps after ww2 . 
  things that used to be normal are no longer socially acceptable . 
  that 's why it would be such a huge shame to lose this all and that 's why i 'm really worried what trump and putin might do to the eu . 
  i really hoped that the uk even after leaving the eu would still abide by the new foreign policy standards , that it would not go completely back to realpolitik in your relations with the eu member states , but if that 's not the case , then you 're not part of the family anymore and you ca n't be surprised if the eu also starts to treat you purely in the realpolitik way . 
   trump being crazy will make the eu want better relations with the uk and also want the uk to have better relations with the eu . 
  i would hope so , but unfortunately i do n't really believe it . 
  i think it 's quite likely that the uk will try to abuse this whole situation where we 'll be weakened by hostile russia and if not openly hostile , then definitely very unsupportive us , to get more concessions during the negotiations . 
   if you do n't want free trade with us , do you really want us to be part of european security ? 
  well , you see the problem is that you 're connecting two issues that i think should not be connected . 
  there 's the question of what kind of trade agreement we 'll have after brexit and i think we can all agree that we want some agreement , we just need to figure out the specific arrangements . 
  and then there 's the question of the overall european security and i do n't think this should be thrown around in the negotiations as a bargaining chip , since it puts some of the eu member states in jeopardy , mostly the baltic countries . 
  and if you want to put eu member countries in jeopardy just so that you can achieve more favourable trade arrangements , then i 'm not really sure we can be friends . 
  i 'm afraid that if trump continues being hostile to the eu , threatening trade wars with germany , even implying that he would like to see more countries leaving , we 're all gon na be forced to act more confrontationaly and this will affect our relation with the uk as well :( specially if you side with trump and will try to use nato as a leverage in the negotiations and so on . 
  i do n't really know what to expect from that man , but i 'm afraid this can all turn ugly very quickly . 
  i 'm not sure if our government has any consistent strategy . 
  i mean , sure , they talk about investment into education , research , innovation , infrastructure and so on , but the reality is not as rosy . 
  at the same time , i realize that these things are simply difficult to achieve in our current conditions . 
  you 're right that a big amount of companies are foreign-owned . 
  these companies brought investment , but they 're also taking away massive amounts of money in the form of dividents out of the country . 
  way more than we get through the eu funds . 
  some of this money is then spent in the western europe on their research and development , while we 're stuck with being in the middle of the supply chain . 
  it 's really a vicious circle to try to catch up with the western europe , since they simply have a head start in pretty much everything - i mean - the more money you have , the more money you can spend on r&d which produces even more money . 
  it 's hard to break this cycle , since being in the eu also does n't allow us to start with any protectionst measures that would help protecting our not as developed sectors until they 're competitive enough . 
  what i think we should be doing is focusing on the few high-skilled/high-added value sectors that we 're already good at - for example we 're fairly good at it security - czech owned companies , like avast and avg ( who recently merged into one ) might not be the biggest players at the scene , but they 're fairly succesful , plus cyber security has obviously a huge future potentional - it would be great if we could copy the israeli model in this regard ( where the defense industry to a big extent shapes the research and development ) , since the cyber threats are and will be pretty significant anyway , so defense against that will be needed . 
  plus obviously we should take steps to diversify our economy and decrease our dependency on manufacturing/industry and move a bit more towards the service economy . 
  it seems like the current government is trying to make us more attractive for the shared-economy companies ( like uber or airbnb ) . 
  also there are some efforts to support the start up scenes , but imho these efforts are not yet coordinated enough . 
  the overall r&d spending is balancing at 2 % of gdp , which is more than it 's usual in cee , but less than in we . 
  in some fields , it 's simply unrealistical for us to expect to grow our own succesful czech-owned corporations . 
  so we should at least try to get some of the r&d centres of foreign-owned companies , not just manufacture centres . 
  for that , we need to be attractive for them , so obviously we need business-friendly enviroment and well-educated work force . 
  for that we have to make ourselves attractive for highly-skilled educated people . 
  as for now , more people are moving here than moving out , there 's already 500k foreigners , which is 5 % of our population ( and those are only foreigners who live here legally ) , but under the current economic conditions , it 's simply still not enough people . 
  foreign investors still like it here , because in terms of quality of the work force , they get the same quality as in we but at a cheaper price , but it 's gon na be increasingly more difficult to lure r&d centres here , if they 're not sure whether they can find enough skilled people here . 
  you know , despite all the huge flaws of our political scene , i 'm quite sure that there are also some smart people in the government offices who know all this as well , but the question is whether they 'll manage to implement it - and honestly i just do n't know , we 'll have to wait and see . 
  plus we 're a small country with an open economy - so many things are simply not in our hands . 
   there is the middle income trap and romania will not escape it . 
  maybe the czech rep will but their economic fundamental and geographical position is vastly different . 
  we 're hitting the middle income trap and trying to get away from it right now . 
  you have not yet reached the maximum potentional of your current economic model , while we 're almost at it - we basically have full employment , big trade surpluses , salaries are rising due to the lack of labour force , state budget is more or less stable ... but the thing is that labour productivity is not rising enough - in other words , we 're mostly still stucked with low or middle added-value products .
