  conclusion statements are not legislative documents . 
  go and learn something about the decision-making process within the eu institutions . 
  those were only votes on conclusion statements of the council meetings . 
  those do n't create any obligation , it 's not a legislation document . 
  it 's not a part of the european law . 
  and more importantly , conclusion statements often address several different matters , so i 'm sure that if orb\u00e1n decided to block it , he would also get shit for blocking them just because he does n't agree with refugee quotas . 
  what do you mean ? 
  we ( czech republic ) are using it as well . 
  i see . 
  i did n't know she was asking for a specific opt-out , i thought she 'd be okay with the swedish or czech situation . 
  i know that we do n't have an opt-out . 
  it does n't really make such a big difference though when it 's still possible to postpone it indefinitely . 
  that 's a lie , i do n't know where you got that information from . 
  romania , the czech republic , slovakia and hungary were against it , finland abstained and the rest were in favour . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.votewatch.eu/en/term8-proposal-for-a-council-decision-establishing-provisional-measures-in-the-area-of-international-prote.html ), 
  well yeah , on paper they 're obliged to join , however in reality nobody can force them . 
  sweden public does n't seem to be any more in favour of accepting euro than they were in the past . 
  i 'm just saying that scotland could theoretically assume the same position as sweden or as my country . 
  if sweden , the czech republic , poland or hungary can do it , why should scotland not be allowed to ? 
   the euro is the official currency of the eu and all new members after its introduction are legally required to adopt it . 
  the only exceptions are those who opted out under the maastricht treaty , but that 's not an option scotland has now . 
  theoretically all countries but the uk and denmark have to adopt euro , but pratically they do n't have to . 
  being in erm ii is one of the requirements , but joining erm ii is voluntary . 
  so if you do n't join erm ii , you do n't have to join euro . 
  so theoretically , independent scotland could join the eu without having to accept euro . 
   besides that each eu member still has an actual veto power . 
  only in certain specific matters . 
  the lisbon treaty changed the voting system to qmv in most matters , so nowadays it 's only a few remaining matters where the vote has to be unanimous . 
  for example the quota system was voted through qmv . 
  slovakia , the czech republic , hungary and romania were against it , but were outvoted . 
   and after those attempts have been repeatedly rebuffed ? 
  should the uk just keep trying ? 
  you know , i really do n't care that much what you 're going to do , it 's not my business , it 's your country and your choice what your approach will be . 
   also , economically smaller is true , but that does n't mean economically weaker . 
  that 's just playing with words , i obviously meant that the eu is a bigger economic bloc than the uk . 
   you 're trying to suggest that it was n't on his orders ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i just read that . 
  i do n't know if it 's true . 
   does he carry around 2,000 page ceta documents every day for no reason ? 
  i think it 's not such an unreasonable thing to do if you want to make a point that trade deals are complicated , but i agree that it should n't have been leaked . 
   big on claims , small on examples . 
  seriously , you want me to make a list of british politicians saying mean things about the eu ? 
  because that could be a pretty long list , 
   but really , why should the uk keep trying to foster goodwill ? 
  you see , the uk is the ecomically weaker partner in this uk-eu relation , that 's why it might be smart from you to build goodwill . 
  but as i said , it 's up to you to decide what your negotiating strategy is gon na like . 
   may openly tried to make a statement of goodwill by offering to agree uk & eu citizen rights early . 
  may tried that before triggering article 50 and the eu said that there will be no negotiations about anything before that . 
  now that it was triggered i expect that this will be settled as the first thing . 
   the president of the commission himself turned up planning to make a scene and blow it up in the media juncker is juncker , he 's always been not the most professional politician ever . 
  i have read that the information was directly leaked by him , that it was someone from his staff , but it 's it obviously was n't a polite thing to do . 
  however british politicians have said their fair share of unpolite , is sometimes not outright insulting things , about the eu . 
  so let 's not kid ourselves that the eu is the only one to blame for this current tensed situation . 
  in fact , i would say that rhetoricaly the uk has been much more hostile to the eu than the other way around . 
  so stop acting like you 're the bullied victim here . 
  i did n't say anything about you being or not being allowed to vote . 
  the uk is a member country until it leaves so until then , you have voting rights just like any other country . 
  i do n't see why you should be stripped of your voting rights , unless you violate fundamental rights . 
  which obviously is n't this case . 
  of course it 's another thing that you might not be creating a lot of good will in the eu negotiating team with these actions , however it 's entire up to you to consider whether it 's worth it or not . 
   for students all you have to do is just to pass entry exams i have quite a lot of ukrainian classmates in my uni , they 're such lovely people and it 's mindblowing for me how quickly they manage to learn czech at academic level . 
  if only all immigrants were like ukrainians , 
  well then too bad for you for not having a good enough imagination , because you 're leaving now and these are the existing rules we have for a country that decides to leave . 
  if you do n't like the rules , you should have said that when they were being created , it 's not eu 's problem that you did n't expect that you would be leaving . 
  why did you not say that you do n't like the rules before you decided to agree to them ? 
  how is it petty that the eu wants its rules to be enforced ? 
  that 's because portugal is such an unwelcoming and xenophobic country that you ca n't possible blame the refugees for not wanting to stay there . 
  it 's all the fault of those xenophobic portuguese people / s. 
   i could also bring some mead ? 
  i would prefer that you bring [ this ] ( https://s3.amazonaws.com/gs-geo-images/5d0ee623-2d6e-405c-856f-f726281d7449_l.jpg ) please . 
  not true . 
  go and watch the p\u0159emluv b\u00e1bu clip again . 
  they say `` levice '' and later specify they mean both communists and socialists . 
  but regardless of that , the clip basically generalizes all old people as senile idiots which all vote based on nostalgia and basically should n't be trusted with making up their minds . 
  they literaly go as far as saying `` give them one free visit if they vote right and if they vote left , perhaps they 'll already be dead next time you visit '' . 
  i get that it 's humour but imo it 's just really poor taste . 
   during one of the parliamentary elections in poland was promoted the slogan ` hide grandmother id ' . 
  we had something very similar back then in 2010 . 
  two young well-known actors made a clip telling people how they should head to the countryside to visit their grandparents and convince them to vote for right-wing parties and not for left-wing parties . 
  the clip was so patronizing that it was almost painful to watch it . 
  at one point it even suggested that young people should threaten their grandparents that they would stop visiting them if they do n't vote the `` correct '' way . 
   but i believe that the moderators could and should do more to make this a more impartial and inclusive subreddit . 
  i genuinely suspect that they are , by and large , very pro eu . 
  are the moderators supposed to force the users to be split exactly 50/50 in pro-eu and anti-eu opinions or what ? 
  honestly i have a feeling that you 're just enjoying making a victim out of yourself . 
  eurosceptic views are not banned here , nor are they unwelcome . 
  i myself have some eurosceptic views and when i articulate them logicly , i 'm never downvoted here . 
  granted i 'm not overall anti-eu , but i have seen british users clearly explaining their positions for backing brexit and they were n't downvoted either . 
  when you take efforts to explain your position by using logical arguments , people are likely to appreciate that . 
  is there a pro-eu bias among the users ? 
  yes , there absolutely is , but the moderator team ca n't possibly artificially create a total balance in political opinions of the users . 
  i personally absolutely welcome opinions from other sides because it 's what keeps this sub interesting , however i do n't have unrealistic expectations that these opinions have to be equal in size . 
  honestly it really depends on each specific person . 
  my brother drinks cca 2 large beers every day ( on average ) and he does n't get fat from that . 
  he gets a bit fat when his eating habbits get worse or when he does n't exercise that much and then gets slim again once he improves his diet and starts to work out . 
  the beer has no influence over that , because he keeps drinking approximately the same amount . 
  that does n't make your experience any less valid , different people have different metabolisms and process different food/drinks differently . 
  messed up ? 
  yeah .
