  i agree that racism against roma people is widespread , however this is hardly a czech specific thing . 
  this problem occurs in many european countries where there is a significant roma community . 
  clearly it is quite difficult to tackle this problem . 
  some are . 
  but i would n't say it 's the majority . 
  the majority of people are simply concerned and they do n't really have the time/capacity to learn enough information to get a more full picture . 
  maybe you should once try talking to the people who you consider hateful , racist , xenophobic fucks and you would realize that most are just normal people with no aggresive tendentions , who are just worried . 
  czechs are not a nation of extremists , the people who we occasionally get to see in the streets chanting racists slogans are just a very small minority . 
  i live in brno and see foreign looking faces and hear foreign languages relatively often and i have a few friends among foreigners as well . 
  they all say that while ordinary czechs are firstly quite distrustful of them , they eventually get friendly once you earn their trust . 
  as some other czech pointed out in this thread , the prices of flats and houses in prague are sky-rocketing as well . 
  the economic situation in the czech republic has been good for some time now , so a lot of people decided to get mortgages . 
  add to this that prague is an attractive places for foreigners and that the city leadership is slow in granting permissions to build more appartments and you have to current situation . 
  the cost of living is otherwise still relatively low , but the real estate prices are getting crazy . 
  that does n't mean that i think everybody in the government is by default corrupted/incompetent/has only bad/self-serving intentions , however i think it 's definitely better to maintain healthy scepticism when it comes to our politicians . 
  i never blindly trust any of them . 
  our post-89 governmental relationship with russia basically went like this : * first we had to negotiate with them the removal of warsaw pact troops that stayed here after the invasion in 1968 * after that we basically put them on an ignore list and worked to get into nato and the eu * obviously we knew that russia would object to that and we did n't really bother to somehow discuss it with them to ease the tensions * economic ties were re-oriented towards the west * however over the time we slowly started to stop ignoring russia and efforts were made to form a more constructive relationship * in the 00s , there were basically two main political positions emerging - one looked at russia with caution and still saw it as more a threat , stressing the undemocratic character of russia , the other looked at it more pragmatically - as a country that can provide a market for our goods and from the geopolitical view can not be our ally , but can perhaps be a constructive partner * then the ukrainian war happened and we had to update our policy on russia once again * the current government kind of did n't really take a strong stance , however it keeps the mainstream eu policy ( i.e. 
  `` sanctions until minsk agreements are implemented '' ) * in the meantime , we were forced to start talking about what are we gon na do with russian disinformation campaigns and decided to start a specialist unit at the interior ministry focused at countering these campaigns * at the same time , hacking attacks became more of a threat , so steps are being taken to establish a unit of selected it experts that would be willing to quickly come to the state 's services in case of a serious hacking attack that could threaten our security * however from the military point of view , russia is n't seen as a direct threat to us keep in mind that i 'm only talking here the attitudes of our governments , which is where the most of executive power lies in the czech republic . 
  other political parties or other political figures ( like the president ) can have different attitudes towards russia , however they do not formulate the official foreign policy positions . 
  what will happen in 5-10 years - i really have no idea and i do n't really want to predict . 
   how the media/politicians discuss the topic we have different media with different biases . 
  most mainstream media are pro-western when it comes to the basic west vs russia division . 
  however not all pro-western media are also pro-eu . 
  we also do have `` alternative '' media that come up with plenty of anti-us/anti-eu conspiracy theories and other bullshit articles . 
  many of these alternative media have links to russia . 
  as for politicians - they have all sorts of opinions , from very strongly anti-russia to quite openly pro-russia . 
   how the people around you discuss the topic my friends circle is basically a bunch of liberal western-oriented , eu-friendly , educated 20-somethings . 
  so i guess it 's not very surprising that they 're also highly critical of russia . 
  they 're not 100 % representative of the average czech population though . 
  the average czech person also does n't hold very favourable views on russia , however he/she does n't see russia as our number 1 threat . 
  islamic terrorism is what the average czech person sees as the most serious threat . 
  that being sad , foreign policy issues is not something that is heavily discussed among the czech public in the first place with the exception of really high-profile events , which is what russia ( and ukraine ) was in 2014 , nowadays this topic simply is n't in the public discourse as much . 
  czechia is relatively gay friendly , at least compared to other cee countries . 
  the attitude of the public is highly relaxed ( i.e. 
  `` live and let live '' ) , however from the legal point of view , we 're not yet on western european level . 
  there 's still no same sex marriage , only civil unions . 
  this means that gay couples ca n't adopt a child as a couple , since only married couples can adopt a child as a couple here . 
  gays can adopt as individuals though . 
  the muslim population over here is tiny . 
  as for learning czech ( or hungarian ) - both are very difficult languages , so chances are that you wo n't be able to learn them without living here . 
  some foreigners ca n't even learn our language despite living here for years . 
  i think you could also consider southern european countries . 
  they 're pretty gay-friendly and also have small muslim population . 
  finland would meet the criteria as well . 
  i know . 
  either that or it would risk starting some blody vietnam style war , only in this case , the roles would be reversed - the soviet union would be directly involved and the west would be supporting us as their proxy . 
  it 's not like anyone was even naive enough to think that we would be getting any help . 
  we knew it was game over the second the warshaw pact troops started to roll in , that 's why our armed forces were never even given orders to resist , everyone knew that we had no chance . 
  and nobody really blames the west for not helping us , we know that it would have been an insane move that could have even risked an open west-east war . 
  it this sense , munich was always more of a devastating moment , that was when we truly felt completely abandoned and betrayed . 
  but in the end , it 's all past now and while history obviously to some extent shapes our mentality , it also is n't healthy to look to the past too much and drown ourselves in self-pity . 
   actually , international law grants exactly this right to claim asylum if you are persecuted . 
  well yes , but you do not have the right to claim asylum in a country of your choosing . 
  so if we stop the people in a country where it 's safe enough to stay and prevent them from traveling to europe , then they wo n't be able to file an application here . 
  if someone is kept in lebanon , jordan or turkey or any other safe third country , then they ca n't claim asylum in europe . 
  as for now , there are 21.3 millions of refugees in the world according to unhcr . 
  do you think that all these people should be welcome to come to europe ? 
   and , again , we granted refuge to hundreds of thousands of eastern europeans fleeing persecution during the cold war . 
  this argument is brought up a lot and i get why , it seems logical at the first sight , but in reality , it actually it does n't make a whole lot of sense to people currently living in the ee . 
  in the end , it 's the kind of argument that is trying to create a sense of guilt , that because people escaped from our countries and were accepted in other countries , we now have an obligation to also accept people fleeing from different countries . 
  however you 're saying this to people who stayed behind and did n't flee anywhere , so they do n't understand why they should owe anyone anything . 
  the people who actually fled mostly stayed in their new countries , assimilated there and now they 're citizens of those countries where they fled , they do n't have a whole lot of common with us anymore . 
  plus , even if we accepted this argument , i still do n't think it 's smart to let our migration policy be dictated by emotions . 
  the first question that our politicians should be considering is what effects will their choices have on our country . 
  completely open-door policy is crazy , there are simply too many people in the world that would come to europe if we just accepted everyone , that 's simply not sustainable . 
  as i said , we need a migration policy based on rational , pragmatic thinking . 
  our politicians should first consider the best interest of our people , that is their job , and only after that they can worry about how to best help as many refugees as possible . 
  it 's quite interesting how finland and sweden differ in their attitudes towards refugees or migrants in general even though you 're neighbouring countries with a similar level of prosperity . 
  it really shows the power of collective nation memory and how our different historic experience shape our mentality and make us react differently in certain situations . 
  ok , let 's agree that some we countries have been more exposed to muslims while others have been exposed less . 
  but overall on average , people in we were more likely to interact with muslims than people in czechoslovakia . 
  however you 're right that this is not the only reason why people in the we tend to more accepting of the refugees , it 's just one of the factors . 
   but i find it problematic to say that you refuse to accept certain values the european union was founded on , but you are happily accepting the money . 
  taking in refugees is mandatory according to international law . 
  i was n't aware that european union was founded on the principle of having our door opened to every singly refugee in the world . 
  nothing like this is also written in the international treaties . 
  the international treaties only state that once a person manages to file an asylum application to your authorities , you have to consider the application and if you found it legit , you ca n't send that person to the place where he/she is in danger . 
  it does n't say anything about what your overall refugee policy should be . 
  if germany 's and sweden 's policy is `` we 'll take whoever is strong/fast/rich enough to pay the smugglers to get him to europe , the rest of you are shit out of luck '' , then fine , but i do n't see why we should follow this policy . 
  from my perspective it would be much better to take necessary measures to prevent everyone from coming to europe illegaly , similarily to how australia does it and from these people pick the most vulnerable groups and launch resettlement programmes for them . 
  i believe that if the crisis was kept under control this way , then the hysteria in ee would never started and we would n't have such a big issue with accepting the refugees in the first place . 
  if some other european countries would like to play the humanitarian powers , then they would be free to take more people from the less vulnerable groups . 
  the rest of the legit refugees would be taken care of in refugee camps run by the eu funds . 
  but for this to work , european countries would have to be way more active years before 2015 and reach deals with countries outside of the european soil that would let us build the camps there . 
  the 1968 invasion was obviously a tragic event , over 100 people died and it stopped the promising political development of our country . 
  as a result many politically active people were thrown in prison because of their opinions . 
  however russia never went as far here as they did in the baltics - the baltics experienced population transfers , where they rounded up people and just trasnfered them to siberia and then they encouraged ethnic russians to take their place . 
  all this in an effort to russify the region . 
  their aim was basically to eventually completely destroy their nations and create one soviet nationality . 
  this is basically the same thing that hitler planned to do in the occupied czechoslovakia - expel part of us , germanize the rest , over the time get ride of czech nationality completely . 
  i think you can see how this is more of a terrible fate than what happened during the prague spring . 
  but the numbers you have send show that in france the percentage was getting significantly higher with each decade after ww2 , while in other countries the rise have been slower and only picked up in the 1970s , but still the percentage in germany , netherlands or belgium is quite significantly higher than in here . 
  we countries invited tons of foreign workers after ww2 to help rebuild their countries . 
  these workers were very often from muslim countries and they often refused to go back when they were supposed to , instead they brought their families over and this is how some large immigrant communities were establised in the west . 
  none of this happened in the east . 
   the question for me is now : how do we transform this situation in a constructive way ? 
  well first of all , thanks for taking the effort to look at things from a different perspective , however if you want to talk about how to change the situation over here , then just looking at things from our point of view is n't going to be enough . 
  you ca n't just go `` huh , i guess i understand this issue , so what should we now do to make the eastern europeans abandon their point of view and accept mine instead ? '', 
  and expect that this approach will work . 
  western europeans tend to be very arrogant in this way , even though i see most probably do n't do it on purpose , it 's just something that seems completely natural to you - that your ideas how to solve problems are the right ones , while our ideas how to solve problems are wrong , so the question is how to convince us of this .
