  most polls show cca 75-85 % of people against . 
  so the opposition is very large . 
  it 's not really that relevant what was the support like 10 years ago or so . 
  nowadays it 's at 85 % against and it 's unlikely to change . 
  specially if the conflict about refugee quotas gets escalated further , that 's gon na spark even more anti-eu sentiments and euro-support will sink with it even further . 
  politicians would simply have to go directly against public wishes , which is n't impossible , they might do it if they think our vital economic and political interests are threatened by not joining eurozone , however it 's not certain that they will come to this conclusion . 
  they might decide that we can live without euro . 
  they might also decide that whatever benefits euro can bring is n't worth hurting their popularity . 
  this headline is really way too dramatic . 
  the dutch , romanian and czech forces remain under full political command of their respective countries . 
  they are getting integrated into the german forces in a way that theoretically if they were deployed together , they could function smoothly , however the decisions about any potential deployment missions lie solely with the national governments . 
  nobody in the government or the opposition will move an inch on this problem until after the elections in october . 
  and even after that they will do every possible thing to avoid fullfilling the quotas , because it 's extremely unpopular here . 
  yeah , over here it 's considered something in between . 
  you no longer live with your parents , but you have n't really fully ` moved out ' until you 're fully financially independent . 
  but that 's probably the whole problem - in nordic countries , you can be financially indepedent as soon as you start a uni , because the government will support you . 
  you do n't need the parents ' support . 
  whereas over here , it 's normal that parents keep financially supporting you while you study , because you do n't get anything from the government and it 's not really possible to have a full-time job while studying , while part-time job might not fully cover all your expenses . 
  and some study fields such as medicine can be so time-consuming that students ca n't even have a part-time job . 
   afaik the whole what 's culture and what 's instinct thing is a pretty huge question that has been debated over and over again for ages . 
  oh yes , the goold old nature vs nurture debate . 
  though i do n't really look at it this way . 
  to me , these two things are indivisible . 
  from my point of view a human being is primarely programmed to survive as long as possible and produce as many good-quality children as possible . 
  this is how evolution shaped all living organisms on earth . 
  however in the case of humans and also many other living things , the evolution has moved to another stage , where we no longer survived as individuals , but as groups . 
  people who were in a group had a better shot at surviving than those alone . 
  it no longer was an individual selection , but a group selection , so it started to matter how well each group worked together , because only the best groups got to survive , others well eliminated or assimilated into other groups . 
  obviously this influenced the behavior of the individual , because it was no longer crucial to act in the best of your own interests or the interests of your biological children , you also had to develop pro-social behaviour patterns , because your survival depended on the survival of your group . 
  from the evolutionary point of view , some groups became more sucessful than others , but there was never just one correct way , diffrent methods of social cooperation could prove to be effective , special given the fact that different groups lived in different physical enviroments so what worked in cold spacious scandinavia did n't have to work in hot densly-populated nile delta . 
  this is imho one of the roots of how different cultures emerged . 
  so to me , it 's not really a question of nature vs nurture . 
  of course we 're hugely influenced by our societies , perhaps more so than by our genes , but essentially it all stands on the same principles . 
  or at least that 's why i think  but yeah , very good point about the young moving around to get more genetic variety . 
  i never claimed that nobody moved . 
  it 's actually interesting that in some societies , it was mostly young men , second , third , fourth sons , who got out , trying their luck elsewhere and young women stayed with their community and took care of their parents , while in other societies , it was mostly young women who left to another tribe with their new husband . 
  i think we can safely agree on the fact that it was always a mixture - some people stayed and some people left , 
  i 'm sorry if i sounded too serious , but to me , it just seemed that you 're massively projecting your own views , or just views that are dominant in your society , on other societies and people and present these views as ` natural insticts ' . 
  human beings are by nature actually pack animals who later formed tribes precisely on the basis of family ties . 
  of course once in a while , some people left their tribe and formed or joined another tribe , but it actually was n't that unusual that people lived with each other their whole lives , specially since those lives tended to be much shorter , so parents needed the support from their children much sooner than they nowadays do . 
  so , no , i do n't think it 's a natural instict to get away from your parents as soon as possible . 
  form your own live ( as in , find a mate and have children ) yes , that is natural , but it did n't always have to be that you also leave your parents . 
  nordic countries are simply very individualistic and you place a huge value on independence and your government gives you money so that you 're able to reach this independence soon . 
  other countries put more value on strong family ties . 
  it 's meant as a support for students who had to move from the home town/cities and who now presumably have to pay rents as opposed to local students , who can continue living with their parents for free . 
   of course they want to do that , but at the same time , if they did n't have a practical reason , would they really ? 
  jesus , dude , is it really so difficult to grasp that other people , specially when they come from different cultures , might have different preferences than you ? 
  for example i know a family that lives on the countryside in a 3-generations household . 
  the mother works in the village where they live , the father has a well-paid job in the city nearby ( so yes , they could afford moving out ) , the children ( not yet in school age ) stay home with the grandparents who take care of them . 
  they have good relations in the family , so it works for them and they like this kind of family model - children , parents , grandparents under one roof ( although they each have a separate floor in the house ) . 
  i have no reason to not believe that they live like this because they just enjoy living like this . 
  it 's not something very common in my country , but it 's also not a complete rarity . 
   i thought the reason some places lived with several generations in the same house and that sort of thing was because they could n't afford getting a separate house for each generation ? 
  i have some shocking news for you - cultural differences actually do exist and yes , there are people in this world who like living with their extended family even if they could afford living on their own . 
  such people truly exist . 
  i would n't personally want that , but i know people who live like this and they 're happy . 
  good to know . 
  over here pretty much no one bothers to change it unless we 're forced to by the circumstances . 
  on the contrary , unis give each semester one-time special housing grant to all students who have a pernament address anywhere but the city where the uni is located . 
  it 's not a lot of money , it barely covers one monthly rent , but it 's still better than not receiving anything , so the vast majority of students who move to a different city to study there actually want to keep a pernament address which is out of the city where they study , because that will make them eligible for the grant . 
  i see , that makes sense . 
  over here you do n't get any state support from the state as a student . 
  we have tuition-free unis , but that 's it , we do n't get any grants . 
  so the motivation to change address quickly is very low . 
  when i see these statistics i always wonder , do they count the people who move out after high school to study at a uni , but who often still are at least partly financially dependent on their parents ? 
  because from my experience , people who do this often do n't bother changing their pernament address untill they finish uni . 
  so they do n't really live with their parents , but in the statistics they might be counted as if they were . 
  yes , you did n't say ethnicity or language but there is nothing else that would be common in all slavic countries . 
  different slavic countries have different cultures . 
  even within one slavic country there are often social groups with vastly different cultures . 
  what you 're saying does n't make any sense . 
  there are cultures which are more socially conservative and cultures which are more socially liberal . 
  but whether country is conservative or liberal is n't dependent on the country being slavic or not - as proved by the fact that you can see both socially conservative slavic countries and socially liberal slavic countries . 
  i agree with you on your definition of culture i just do n't agree with you that slavicness is somehow the determining factor of that culture . 
  there is nothing about slavic ethnicity or slavic languages that makes people homophobic . 
  just like people for example in north africa are n't homophobic because they 're african . 
  at the same time being of a germanic ethnicity does n't automatically turn you into a gay-friendly person . 
  yes , many slavic countries happen to be homophobic . 
  but no , they 're not homophobic because they 're slavic . 
  but what the hell are slavic cultures according to you ? 
  we in the czech republic are much more culturally closer to austria than to russia . 
  the same goes for slovenia . 
  homophobia is connected to social conservatism and social conservatism is present everywhere in the world , somewhere it 's more prevalent than elsewhere , but it has nothing to do with slavic culture , because there is no such thing as slavic culture . 
  wtf , there is n't any universal slavic culture . 
  slavic people are a group which is connected by linguistic and ethnic ties ( which nowadays are n't even that strong anymore ) , but it 's not like all slavic countries have indentical cultures . 
  there are big differences between russia and slovenia . 
  czech republic and serbia . 
  belarus and bulgaria . 
  or do you think that all germanic people are the same ? 
  so your norwegian culture is just the same as german culture or austrian culture ? 
  i think what you describe is what we sometimes call defensive nationalism over here in the czech republic and it 's different from how they understand nationalism in the western europe , where it usually takes a more offensive form . 
  defensive nationalism is from my perspective very deeply rooted in my country , but it does n't mean that we think we 're superior to all other nations on earth , it just means that we 're protective of our own nation . 
  eh , screw that . 
  we better go and ask austrians if we can join them instead before meeting this outrageous demand . 
   maybe in polish location is n't broadcast adjectively like that and it 's always used posessively ? 
  i 'm not a native polish speaker , the best i can do is to tell you how it works in another slavic language which is relatively close to polish . 
  so in czech : polsk\u00e9 t\u00e1bory smrti ( polish death camps ) - ambiguous , could mean both the location , but also the ownership or any other relationship that poland has with these camps . 
  t\u00e1bory smrti v polsku ( death camps in poland ) - absolutely clearly means only the geographical location . 
   as you said , since this seems to be important to poles for some reason as i already said , there is one very specific reason and that is the fear that this will spread in the world and will be misunderstood . 
  you might be very surprised how little people who do n't live in the central europe know about what was happening in the central europe during 1938-45 .
