  and also it gives orb\u00e1n a reason to refuse to comply with the plan , since he can just say that he 's respecting the will of the people . 
  it would not be a legal justification , but it would help him in the pr battle and frankly i do n't think the eu can afford to fight another pr battle at this point . 
  i totally agree , romanians get the primary blame , even though not all romani people come from romania . 
  i suppose it 's because romania/romani people sounds somewhat similar . 
  on the other hand basically all eastern european countries get the secondary blame as well , since many brits make little difference between us . 
  yep , we have them , but they were kinda always here , we did not get a sudden influx of thousands of them . 
  if we got the same kind of influx as the uk or sweden , it would create a similar , if not bigger , backlash . 
  i was in stockholm a year and a half ago and i was really surprised by how many of them were there and how persistent some of them were while begging . 
  it was nothing like in prague . 
  my friend was in stockholm a month or two ago and she said it was better now , so the authorities probably did something with it , but still ... imagine you 're living in a city with virtually no gypsies and suddenly you get hundreds or thousands of them in a few months or years doing the typical gypsy stuff - begging , being very loud and messy in the public places , doing petty crimes . 
  and since these people have eastern european passports , it 's not really surprising that it creates resentment towards all eastern europeans . 
  it 's not like people in cz are not similarly ignorant about romanians thinking that all of romanians are gypsies . 
  i kind of understand that they do n't want more romani people begging in their streets . 
  i mean , can you imagine the reactions in cz if we suddenly had extra thousands of romani people from bulgaria/romania doing organized begging in prague or brno ? 
  people here would be absolutely furious . 
  but it 's not really about how much money will we lose due to the uk no longer contributing to the budget , it 's more about the fact that uk leaving will decrease the average gdp so in the next budget ( starting in 2020 ? ), 
  we will move to the group of countries which contribute more than receive . 
  but as far as i can tell , there were calculations saying that this will happen regardless of brexit and the article seems to suggest this as well . 
  so brexit only made it even more certain . 
   such as ? 
  other european countries which are not in the eu like norway ( we get gas from them and are in nato together ) , then obviously our other nato partners - the us and canada ( even though of course they 're much more important to us than we are to them ) , we also have quite strong economic diplomacy with asian countries . 
   so czech republic is interesting considering their more neutral foreign policy i 'm telling you they want to learn from you in the areas where you 're more advanced , it 's not even that hidden :d they have just recently signed some cooperation in cyber security , our agriculture minister has been openly saying that he would like to consult with israeli experts on how to deal with water scarcity ( something we had a problem last summer and looks like it will be a big issue in the future ) . 
  it 's a combination of a pragmatic approach with a positive sentiment though . 
  our elites have always been very pro-israel before the communists took over , so in a way , we 're just continuing in this tradition . 
  it 's one of the consistent things in our foreign policy that does n't go away with any government , even left wing governments are keeping the relationship with israel strong . 
  oh , i do know that we 're very pro-israel and i 'm happy about it ( i would write something in hebrew in return , but i 'm too afraid i would butcher your language :d ) . 
  but then we 're allies with other non-eu countries and we do n't go there that often , i bet our politicians are hoping to get some know-how from you , specially in areas like cyber security and such , that 's why they visit so often . 
  he was on a state 's visit to israel . 
  it seems like our politicians really like going to your country , feels like they 're there every single year and sometimes even multiple times a year . 
  it 's combination of reasons . 
  firstly because of our history the distrust of any outside authority is a big part of the average czech 's mindset . 
  secondly many czech politicians have been using the eu as a scapegoat whenever they could , no one has ever tried to properly explain what are the benefits and frankly the eu kinda sucks at marketing itself as well . 
  so yeah , we do benefit from the eu , people are just not really aware of it . 
  they can see that they can travel easily , work and study in different countries and that 's about it . 
  the economic benefits of being in the single market are somewhat abstract , the average czech person does n't directly feel it , there are just indirect impacts which people do n't necessarily connect with the eu membership . 
  and also , one could say that life has been okayish here before we joined the eu . 
  there was no immediate difference that people could observe , specially since the vast majority of czechs have no intention of moving abroad , so the benefit that many other eastern europeans have been using - moving and working abroad - is not something many czechs took advantage of . 
  meanwhile the eu funds have started to be more and more visible , but so were the downsides - many czechs lost their trust of euro when the debt crisis hit europe and nowadays almost everyone wants to keep our own currency . 
  the migrant crisis has made even more damage to eu 's image here . 
  and also since we 're in nato , there is also no strong feeling that we need the eu for security , because people think nato is enough for that . 
  yes , but as i said , it 's very difficult to argue this way ( i.e. 
  saying `` this would mean x and y '' ) when you just ca n't be absolutely sure what will happen , how the negotiations will go and so on . 
  to take the british example , people like farage or johnson can say `` we will have access to the single market and will still be able to limit freedom of movement '' . 
  their opponents then can say it 's not possible , but farage and co. can respond - and how do you know that , we 're the top 5 economy , we will have a lot of leverage , the eu will have to make concessions to us . 
  and at this point , we can say that 's very unlikely , but ca n't completely rule that out . 
  so it 's really up to the people who they 're going to believe . 
  there are two problems with that . 
  firstly , to put it bluntly , anti-eu politicians often target low educated people . 
  i 'm not saying everyone who is anti-eu is low educated and stupid , but many are , you can look at any polls to see that low educated/low income people are more likely to be against the eu . 
  these people just do n't have the ability to judge what 's a feasible plan and what 's not . 
  all they hear is `` no more brussels telling us to take migrants from mena '' , `` no more brussels taking the authorities from our country '' . 
  they are not interested in a detailed study , they do n't want to get through tons of information , even if you put it directly in front of them . 
  they will just not bother read it or refuse it due to confirmation bias . 
  even if the anti-eu politicians were caught not having a proper plan , these people would not mind , because they 're not interested in hearing a well-thought plan . 
  then there are people who actually are quite educated and still want to leave the eu , because they think we could immediately get back in eea , so it would basically be business as usual . 
  for these people it could actually be good to see that this is not in any way automatical , the british example will for sure demonstrate this . 
  but the thing is that it 's all very unprecedental and there is a lot of uncertainty surrounding this whole thing . 
  no one can say for sure what would happen if left , how would the eu treat us . 
  this gives the anti-eu politicians the opportunity to come up with the rosy scenarios that it would all be fine , that we would just enter eea and continue trading and all , and no one can 100 % prove them wrong . 
  the last one which asked specificaly whether we should stay in the eu is from april ( or at least i did not find more recent one ) . 
  it was 51 % for staying , 39 % for leaving and 10 % did n't know . 
  i 'm convinced he 's in pernament-drunk mode . 
  there is no legal way for a president to call a referendum . 
  we do n't even have a referendum law yet , so citizens can not call for a referendum by starting petition and getting enough signatures . 
  if this law is eventually passed i bet that the politicians will be careful about the formulations , so that a referendum about leaving the eu is not actually allowed . 
  and even if the proposal does n't contain that , the law would have to pass with 3/5 majority in both the lower and upper house of the parliamen , as it is a constitutional law . 
  long story short - it 's not impossible , but we still have a long way to a referendum about leaving the eu . 
   they are very silent about how they want to achieve it . 
  this is obviously not just a czech thing , looking at the leave leaders in the uk , it seems like they also have not idea how to implement all the things they promised . 
  i 'm actually quite glad to see the current shitshow in the uk , it might make some people in cz realize that there is no such thing as cherry-picking in the eu and that it 's not eu 's duty to offer us some sort of magical deal that would allow us to keep all the benefits but get rid of all the downsides . 
  on the contrary , it 's either eu membership or a messy period of instability with uncertain results . 
  it was just zeman doing his glorious region tour as usual , meeting with his electorate and saying whatever that would get him praise . 
  it was in the [ czech media ] ( http://zpravy.aktualne.cz/domaci/bylo-by-to-znicujici-rika-babis-o-referendu-k-evropske-unii/r~d6cec3883f7d11e6888a0025900fea04/ ) as well , but you 're right that it did not get a lot of attention . 
  perhaps because we 're already used to zeman saying bullshit . 
  i think many people who advocate leaving the eu are aware that leaving the single market would be damaging , so that 's not what they want , they would like to have a norway or swiss style agreement and go back to purely trading with other countries . 
  of course these people ignore that there is no guarantee at all that we would get such a deal from the eu and that we are and never will be norway or switzerland , we 're living in completely different geopolitical conditions which do not allow us to weaken our relationships with the west in any way . 
  it does n't even make sense to question our membership in nato , as the only party which is against it is the communists and the public is fairly pro-nato , with 56 % of people satisfied with the membership , 27 % not satisfied and the rest neutral . 
  also 68 % think that nato is needed in today 's world according to the last polls . 
  people are much more sceptical towards the eu , but nato gets very little hate nowadays , so holding a referendum about it would be pretty much pointless . 
  he is just trying to appease his electorate , in reality he has absolutely no power whatsoever to initiate such referendum and he knows it . 
  yeah , the problem is that we still have a small christian party here , which is obviously against such things as same sex marriages , but because they are centre in pretty much every other political issue , they often end up in a coalition with both right wing and left wing parties . 
  and with them in the government , same sex marriages will never pass , since the other parties , same as the public , just do n't care strongly enough to push it through . 
  so as for now we 're stuck with same sex unions . 
  thank you for saying this . 
  i do n't understand why are other people in this thread blaming eastern europe because we dared to say that juncker with his `` deserters '' statements has acted like a pr disaster . 
  i agree that eastern europe is not always being helpful in all aspects of eu policy , but in this case , we 're just saying it how it is . 
  juncker is a joke . 
  good . 
  it 's much better for a child to grow up with two moms or dads who love him/her than with no parents at all . 
  our government is not pro-russian , they want to keep the sanctions and just recently openly accused kremlin of spreading and financing anti-eu far right parties in europe . 
  our president is pro-russian though . 
  i quite like timmmermans though , he seems really smart and would certainly be much better at this job than juncker . 
  exactly . 
  i have nothing against euro-federalists , everyone 's entitled to have an opinion on this and i 'm myself still kind of undecided on the issue , but juncker is just appaling - smugg , elitist , convinced that his opinion is the only right opinion . 
  ever since the migrant crisis started he 's done nothing but creating more tensions between member states , the same goes for the whole brexit situation . 
  our fm should not have called for him to resign , that 's a bit over the top , but he 's right that juncker is not the right guy for the job , he should be calming the situation and bringing member countries together , instead he 's doing the opposite . 
  cameron already resigned . 
  the others are in deep shit as they will now have to deal with this fiasco . 
  juncker 's rhetorics has n't been helpful though , he literaly called the brits deserters . 
  of course he was n't the main cause of brexit , but he did n't help the situation at all .
