  obviously you have racists in every country and i agree that in ee these attitudes are on average more tolerated than in we . 
  however while i can not speak for romania or poland , i really would say that from the czech perspective the race is n't the major factor . 
  islam is what primarely worries people . 
   is there a better way to handle this ? 
  this would obviously be for a long debate and i 'm not pretending like i have some magical solution . 
  i also realize that my own ideas on how to solve the crisis are n't easily applicable in we precisely because the public sentiment there is different . 
  this is why i 'm hesitant in saying `` we should do this and that ... '' , just as i do n't like when we politicians are saying that everyone must respect their solutions on how to solve the crisis . 
  however if you ask me , then from my point of view , europe should have been way tougher on the issue from the beginning . 
  i know it sounds cold-hearted , but the reality is that there 's a huge number of refugees in the world . 
  and then there 's even much bigger number of people who live in conditions that suck a lot . 
  all these people might potentionally have the interest in reaching the prosperous european countries . 
  it is absolutely unsustainable to take them all . 
  and the current eu approach that is basically `` whoever was quick enough/rich enough to pay the smugglers to get here gets to stay , everyone else , you 're shit out of luck '' , is neither fair , nor effective at all . 
  in my opinion , europe should have taken steps to launch australian-style solution ( i.e. 
  make deals with countries outside of europe to host refugee/migrant camps funded by our money ) years ago when it started to be clear that libya , syria and iraq are going to hell . 
  in these camps , people would have the right to apply for asylum and they would wait there until this application is processed . 
  anyone bypassing this process by trying to get to europe illegaly would be sent back to the camps and would end up at the end of the queue . 
  the european countries would then launch a large scale resettlement programmes prioritizing the most vulnerable . 
  each country would be free to choose how many refugees they take . 
  we countries , where the public is more supportive of receiving refugees would take more , while ee countries would take fewer or they could refuse taking any . 
  however countries taking only few or no refugees would have to contribute proportionally more to funding of the refugee camps . 
  if the crisis was kept under control like this , then the hysteria in ee countries might have never started and we would have been more open to taking the refugees in the first place . 
  however i get that in 2015 it was already too late for this kind of solution . 
  i understand that there already were hundreds of thousands of people in europe that could n't be send back . 
  i still think it was silly to force the quotas on us . 
  as i said , in the end it solved nothing . 
  the refugees do n't want to come to our countries , so from those who were sent to ee countries , most already left to the west . 
  there is still no effective system in place that would prevent them from doing this . 
  the west should have asked us for more money or material in the beginning when you saw that we 're unwilling to take the people . 
  this way , you could have allowed our politicians to save their face and sell this to the public as a solidarity measure that we agreed to in order to help our fellow european countries . 
  instead , you pushed quotas through and now you 're threatening us with fines or cutting our eu funds , because you ca n't actually force us to cooperate . 
  in the end , the effect is the same - you get more money , but obviously our politicians ca n't accept this because the public will see it as the eu trying to punish us for not bowing to your demands . 
  if there was just a bit more sensitivity , you could have gotten the money from us at the beginning , but this way , you pushed our politicians to the position where they felt like they have no other choice but to boycott the measures if they do n't want to lose the domestic public support . 
   having said that , of course a czech person taking soviets on a guilt trip again . 
  you have the kgb museum and museum of communism in prague and one holocaust memorial that is not nearly as popular . 
  wtf is that supposed to mean , that we hate the soviet union more than the nazis ? 
  is this some sort of competition or what ? 
  if you think that we have some fond memories on nazis , then maybe go visit the lidice memorial . 
  i really do n't see why i should compare soviets and nazis - both were disaster for my country , one was more brutal but lasted just a few years , while the other was less brutal in its nature , but lasted a couple of decades and left long-term impacts . 
  however do n't confuse my dislike for the soviet union with my dislike of everything russian . 
  i do n't hate russian people . 
  i would very much like if we could have a normal , civil relationship with them like we have now with germans , however right now , this is unfortunately not possible . 
   everyone attacking poor czech people and they always have to rebuild . 
  never mind that you guys had your own commie leaders . 
  yes , this is true . 
  i never claimed that no one in the czech republic supported the communists . 
  the support for them after ww2 was partly caused by the fact that the west turned on us in munich in 1938 , so people did n't trust them and also at that point , we did n't know how germany would behave post-ww2 and whether they could be a threat again . 
  so to czech people in 1945 , it seemed more logical to ally with russia in case germany gets aggresive again than with the west . 
  however we definitely did n't ask the soviet union to help our communists to perform a coup in 1948 and dismantle the democratic regime in our country . 
  from that point , you ca n't say that czechs supported communists , because we were n't allowed to have free elections . 
  and when the reform wing of the communist party try to make the regime little less restrictive , you decided to invade our country to make sure we stay under your control . 
   now let 's debunk the central/eastern euro = = zero muslim xp . 
  ussr had a very large and vibrant muslim population . 
  even now , russia has 6.5 % muslims . 
  they live in harmony with the other religions , and putin recently held pro-islamic events in moscow . 
  germany , on the other hand , has 1.9 % muslims . 
  so they 're not nearly as familiar with this . 
  chechnya is a recent development and accounts for a very small portion of all islamic people . 
  most are tatars . 
  russia is n't czechoslovakia . 
  we never had a significant muslim minority , the only muslims that we had here during the communist era were students from arab countries from the eastern bloc , however those were never large numbers and the vast majority of our people never got exposed to them . 
  i 'm not saying that commies are th sole factor of our intolerance towards muslim , i 'm just saying that they isolated us from the rest of the world . 
  they closed the borders , people were not allowed to travel anywhere without permission , most of them spent their whole adult lifes without ever getting touch with any foreigners , not just muslims , apart perhaps from a couple of vacations at the croatian coast . 
  you 're welcome . 
  i get that this narrative is n't very prevalent in the west . 
  it happens everywhere in the world that people just assume other people look at things with the same perspective as them . 
  ethnocentrism is n't a thing just in the west . 
  we in cee do this as well , only in the west eu vs east eu example , the power balance is skewed very strongly in your favour which means that your perspective is almost always the dominant perspective , so we 're way more likely to be confronted with it and i do n't mean that this always has to be negative , in many cases , it actually has a very positive influence on us . 
  my point was though that we 're more likely to be forced to care what/how you think and while this does n't mean that we will also always accept your perspective , there 's at least the effort to understand it . 
  in your case there 's simply fewer incentives to understand our position . 
  well the refugee/migrant crisis is an obvious example . 
  nowadays the debate is more balanced , but in 2015 we elites failed to grasp why some cee countries reacted differently towards the migrants/refugees than we countries . 
  too many times it was simplified as `` backwards , heartless eastern europeans are turning far-right '' . 
  when in fact , if you look at the different historical development of we and ee post-ww2 , the reaction of our public was n't suprising at all . 
  it 's something that could have been easily expected . 
  i mean , we were isolated during the cw . 
  we countries were going through their nazi or post-colonial guilt after ww2 and inviting foreign workers to help rebuild their countries , we were sitting behind the iron curtain under an oppressive communist regime in ethnically homogenous countries with little to no contact with any foreign cultures/races/religions . 
  while we countries were enjoying life in a safe enviroment under cosy us security umbrella that allowed them to accumulate wealth , we were getting invaded by soviets , which only added to our weird type of defensive nationalism that is deeply rooted here and makes people think that everything foreign is a potential threat . 
  and then when the curtain fell , what kind of information about the muslim world did our people receive ? 
  9/11 , taliban , al-kaida , terror attacks , iraq war , mediavel treatment of women/gays/minorities , honour killings , isis , sexual slavery and so on . 
  and what kind of positive experience with muslims do our people have ? 
  zero , because there are n't any `` good example '' muslims here that could balance out the negative stuff . 
  so when the refugee/migrant crisis happened and we have hundreds of thousands of muslim people , mostly young men , coming to europe with little control , of course our people reacted in a very defensive way . 
  however western politicians , instead of trying to understand the different historical experience and trying to figure out with us an effective way how we could contribute to the solution of the crises , they decided to impose quotas on us through the majority vote against our will - which in the end helped solved nothing and only added more fuel to the fire . 
  these kind of things are hurting our relations with we countries and the eu and it could have been easily avoided if only both sides showed more considerations to each other . 
  i do n't really agree with that . 
  i had a serbian roomate , who came to the czech republic at the age of 11 , so she is quite assimilated into our society , however i met her serbian friends and family plenty of times ... and man , their mentality and behaviour was very far away from the average czech . 
  i personally feel much closer to austrians than serbs . 
  this is very true , the feeling of being left alone multiple times took its toll here as well , i 'd say we 're as a result quite cynical and distrustful of anything that comes from abroad . 
  on the other hand , from the rational point of view , you obviously could n't expect that we countries would go to war with the soviet union because of us , that would just be absolutely insane . 
  they acted the way they acted to protect their vital interests . 
  i do n't really blame them for that . 
  at the same time , i would appreciate if people from the we had more understanding for the different historic experience we made and how this shapes our mentalities and our different attitudes towards certain issues . 
  so far it seems like this understanding among the western elites really is missing . 
  yep , it 's true that he 's not fundamentally anti-eu , but then kaczynski or orb\u00e1n are also not fundametally against the eu , does n't mean that they ca n't cause trouble to the eu . 
  i 'm not saying babi\u0161 is just like kaczynski or orb\u00e1n , but he as a pm would probably be way more assertive than our current pm . 
   especially since all your political parties are against sharing the refugee burden anyway so it 's not like you 're going to help . 
  correct , refugee quotas indeed are something that no politician will voluntarily accept here . 
  we probably should be glad that nobody notices us , we would n't want to expose europe to too much of our political bullshit , would we ? 
  but then , they are gon na find out eventually after that election .
