  egalitarian society - not that many excluded , poverty-ridden areas with high unemployment that would drive the country 's average up . 
  that does n't mean such areas do n't exist , but compared to other countries , there is n't that many of them . 
  economy stucked somewhere between highly-developed and moderately-developed . 
  this means that we have a fair amount of jobs for both skilled and unskilled people ( though the unskilled positions pay crap salaries ) unlike in some western european countries , where there 's just a few unskilled jobs , so people with no or little education have little chance to find a job . 
  a social pressure among the mainstream public to have a job . 
  basically being unemployed is largely seen as a huge shame , specially if you 're a man . 
  this keeps pressure on people who for example can not find a job in their field or can not find a job that would be up to their expectations to just take any other suitable job . 
  also i 'm not sure whether to call our situation at the labour market a success anymore - we 're at the point when we have severe labour shortages that actually put constraints on our economic growth . 
   i am willing to bet the main reason he has n't done anything to harm the eu is because he 's having a hard time with his more domestic goals . 
  not because he somehow warmed to the eu . 
  i agree that it 's one of the possibilities , but it could also be that he 's now surrounded more so with people who have , let 's say , more traditional view on us foreign relations and that changed his mind . 
   i wonder if poland 's current leaders will be so willing to give up the advantages of submitting to us pressure against the interests of the eu . 
  what if they offer a free trade deal with good conditions ? 
  or membership in the visa waiver program ? 
  it 's not really a matter of what poland would or would n't like to do in this scenario , the eu legislation is clear on this , poland can not have a bilateral free trade treaty with the us . 
  and it 's not like the polish government is crazy enough to risk the economic ties with the western europe over some vague possibility of closer economic ties with the us . 
  poland and us common interests lies primarely in the security area and i bet that 's the main thing polish officials will want to talk about with the us . 
  and that 's completely understandable , since before trump got in the office , the us was poland 's most reliable and most capable defense partner , so it 's only logical that they want to learn from trump whether this is still the case . 
   that , and that trump will only talk them in to being even more obstructionist and combative with almost every other country in the union ... 
  i have to point out again that so far trump has shown little interests in intra-european affairs . 
  he has not once commented on any of the disagreements poland has with the eu , such as the disagreement over the constitutional court crisis , or over the refugee quota system . 
  therefore i do n't think it 's very likely that he would want to intervene in this . 
  but obviously we 'll have to wait and see what comes up from the meeting . 
   because such a real collusion is probably in most peoples eyes still a relatively far fetched scenario . 
  yeah , that 's what i 've been thinking as well . 
  i mean there has been a lot of talk about how trump has very unfriendly attitude towards the eu and even i was expecting that he might be a bit hostile , but so far , he has shown very little hostility towards the eu . 
  he has shown some hostility towards germany , there is no denying in that , and also some to all other nato countries that do n't spend 2 % on defense , but to the eu itself ? 
  i have n't really noticed that and given the whole situation with brexit , he could actually try to stir this shit up much more if he wanted to . 
  but so far he has not shown a strong interest in destabilizing the eu . 
  and as for polish government - they absolutely do have some disagreements with the eu , but that does n't mean they want to see the eu collapse or anything like . 
   did you follow the reactions in the uk in response to the suggest trump will visit ? 
  in a nutshell : there was a lot of unease . 
  yeah , but that was internal politics , so that was a bit different situation . 
  i did n't mean to say that someone was saying that poland ca n't meet with trump . 
  i was more so wondering why the meeting creates such negative reactions , why is it concerning for anyone in we , when nobody was saying that merkel or macron meeting trump is concerning . 
  i mean , state leaders meet other state leaders all the time and specially when a new us president is in function , he tends to do a series of visits of important allies around the world . 
  in my view , there is nothing particularely concerning about that . 
   it would be outside of the norm to not worry about that meeting . 
  is that so hard to understand ? 
  well if you really worry about every single meeting trump has with any foreign leader , then fair enough . 
  my confusion was actually coming from the idea that somehow poland-us meeting is concerning , while germany-us meeting or france-us meeting is n't . 
  but if that 's not what you think , then that 's a legitimate point of view that you have . 
   your first post was questioning why one should worry in the first place . 
  yeah , but i was asking why should you worry about poland wanting to meet with trump ? 
  not about why you should worry about trump in general . 
  obviously there are legitimate things about trump that you can worry about , such as his attitude towards the climate change or his team 's connections with russia . 
  but none of this means that poland meeting with trump is automatically worrying as well . 
  which is what the article was about in the first place . 
  so , it 's really kind of ironic that you accuse me of not being able to argue fairly and of getting defensive , when it 's you who just brought trump 's other affairs into this and made it look like i was saying that there is n't anything concerning about trump . 
  which is something i did n't argue , i just said that there is n't anything concerning about poland meeting with trump . 
   that 's why i and many others are watching it . 
  do you not get that because you 're too busy with your victim narrative ? 
  what the hell , how do i have a victim narrative ? 
  i 'm just saying that it 's totally normal that poland wants to meet with the us president , just like it 's normal for merkel and macron to meet him . 
   trump wanted to send a chief diplomat to the eu that outright said that he was coming to `` tame '' the eu . 
  i 'm ok with you not being concerned one bit about an ally 's official saying this outright . 
  i 'm concerned about the new us administrative as well , but i also look at facts before getting all alarmist . 
  ted malloch has not been appointed to any official function within the us foreign ministry , nor has it been confirmed that trump actually wanted to appoint him . 
  meanwhile bannon and flynn were kicked from trump 's team . 
  obviously that does n't mean that there are n't any disturbing things surrounding trump , but that 's evidently not a strong enough reason for poland ( but also for germany and france ) to just cut ties with the us or get overly hostile towards the us . 
  i agree that any comments that compare the eu to ussr are just totally out of place , but i do n't see that many people here saying that . 
  it seems to me that people rather express their displeasure ( and granted , some do so in exaggerated way ) over the double standards here - i.e. 
  merkel and macron meet trump - nothing to see here , polish leaders meeting trump - that 's concerning , what are the poles up to ? 
  well maybe , they really are n't up to anything malicious , maybe they just want to be on good terms with a country that is very important to their security . 
  wait , what are you talking about ? 
  poland has invited the us president for a state visit , that 's all . 
  france has done the same thing and trump will visit france as well . 
  does that also concern you ? 
  also , since when has trump clearly said that germany is the enemy of the us ? 
  sure , he has made some not very friendly comments about germany , but he never actually called germany an enemy . 
  but why would you worry about it ? 
  your president and other western european leaders are meeting with trump as well . 
  there 's nothing wrong about poland doing the same , specially since poland and the us are close defense allies . 
  western european leaders are meeting trump to , so why could n't polish leaders do so as well ? 
  regardless of what you think about trump , the us as a country is an important defense ally of poland , so it 's only logical that polands wants to meet with trump . 
  there is nothing to be uneasy about here . 
  poland also was n't uneasy about trump meeting with merkel and macron . 
  you are also among the ones with the highest salaries . 
  meanwhile our food prices are approximately the same as in germany , but our salaries are 1/3 of german salaries . 
  in that situation , you can not blame people that they get pissed when they hear that some of the food is also of lower quality . 
  it simply sucks that we have to spend way more of our income on food compared to western europeans . 
  since we have to do that we would at least want the products to be the same quality . 
   it is very likely that the differences in household spending between ee and we are indeed due to the fact that food prices are roughly similar while income is much lower . 
  yeah and that 's exactly what people have been arguing in the thread while you accuse them of whining and having a victim complex . 
  when you point out facts that ee has roughly the same food prices while having much lower salaries , it is n't whining . 
  it is a completely valid complaint . 
  specially since some of that food is also of lower quality . 
  i 'm not anti-eu , but if i had to choose between less eu funds or signing up to a pernament relocation scheme , i would rather have less eu funds . 
   impossible on our end as it 's been explained again and again and again . 
  we do n't want to shoot people out of the water , please take that as a given no matter what your personal opinion on the issue . 
  you do n't have to shoot people . 
  you just have to bring them back to the african coast and make the ngos stop picking them up 20 miles from the libyan shore and bringing them to italy . 
  eventually , western european countries will be forced to be harsh on ilegal immigration as well , it 's just not sustainable given the future prospects of the middle east and africa , in terms of the political , social , demographic and climate conditions . 
  your own populations will not put up with this for ever . 
   so your ideal solution is unimplementable and anything else grounds for throwing your hands in the air and scrapping every effort i 'm not saying we should scrapp every effort . 
  taking refugees is not the only way to contribute . 
  you can also send financial , material or military help to the affected areas . 
  but yeah , in general i oppose that we should hand over the control over who gets into our country as an asylum seeker to the eu . 
  i do n't trust the eu to handle this issue reasonably , so i 'm worried that if we agreed to this one-time scheme , the eu would try to turn it into a pernament scheme , effectively forcing us to sign a blank cheque . 
  and that 's unacceptable , you can take that as a given .
