  this is actually quite interesting that the 15-24 age group does n't really differ that much from the overall population when it comes to attitudes towards accepting refugees . 
   also sounds like ideological attrition in a shifting culture than a mere politically/loyalty driven clean up . 
  well , to be honest , it was a bit of both . 
  you need to understand that the people who got in the positions of power right after 89 used to be political disidents who were personally spied on by the secret police and as a result heavily persecuted . 
  they despised them and obviously did n't want these people anywhere near the newly forming structures . 
  to them , they were not just professionaly compromised , but also morally totally corrupted because they worked for a regime that opressed people . 
  from the professional point of view it was also risky to keep these people , because we did n't know where their loyalty was and also because they were working so closely with russians , we did n't know what russians could have on them and how easily these people could have been blackmailed . 
  however it was absolutely not possible to just get rid of them all , because that would basically mean that we would end up with no intel services at all , we just did n't have non-compromised people that had the necessary qualifications . 
  this is where i assume the help from the uk came - probably they helped with training , provided consultations and know-how . 
  still as the guy is pointing out in the interview - the first few years were still kind of a clusterfuck . 
  but then , when you start building things completely from scratch while your entire political system is changing , you can more or less expect that it wo n't go super smoothly . 
  i do n't know what kind of help we got from the uk . 
  as i said , i did n't even know that the uk was involved in the process . 
  however i would assume that it mostly had the character of consultations and sharing know-how . 
  i really do n't think infiltration was part of it . 
  from what i know about our current czech intelligence services , they 're definitely not perfect , however they are not controled from abroad . 
  that does n't mean that foreign states , including allied countries , do n't spy on us . 
  of course they do . 
  everybody is spying on everybody . 
  however that 's absolutely not comparable to the situation that our secret services were in before 89 . 
  it was n't an immediate 100 % effective purge though . 
  it 's not like absolutely everyone was fired by the end of 1989 . 
  the process took several years before our intelligence services were stabilized ( in terms of hr ) . 
  the people working in the services pre-89 were leaving gradually . 
  i was always wondering why is it that latvia and lithuania have higher birth rates than other post-communists countries ... whether that 's a cultural thing , or some specific government policies . 
   the czech service bis practically sent anyone who was active before the democratic transition packing and then built a completely new agency with the help of the british intelligence . 
  with this the bis practically allowed prague to become a safe haven for spies for a long time and 5-8 years had to pass before the new officers got the hang of it . 
  i knew we had issues when we started to massively cleanse our diplomatic and secret services post-89 , did n't know that the uk was involved in helping us , so i guess if it 's true , thank you , uk . 
  he 's right that it came with a prize and that it contributed to prague becoming one of the centers of russian espionage activities , however it had to be done . 
  well if it makes you feel any better , you 're definitely not alone in this struggle , most of the post-communist states have very crappy politicians . 
  i must say that it sounds like a totally killer policy for the budget balance . 
  compared to this , poland 's `` we 'll give you 114 euro per month for each child '' suddenly seems reasonable . 
   they want to double all salaries below the sum of 875 euro . 
  could you elaborate on this ? 
  how on earth do they want to achieve this ? 
  they ca n't force the employers to double the salary of everyone who is below 875 euro . 
  or do they mean to raise the minimum wage by this much ? 
  that seems totally insane . 
  or does this only apply to state employees ? 
  i mean , it does n't even make any sense - would it mean that someone who currently earns 800 euro is gon na get 1600 euro , but someone who earns 875 is gon na be stuck with that ? 
   they 're trying to run our economy into the ground greece style . 
  it feels like a train that no one can stop because they 're doing it while dismissing any expert voice that has warned them of the consequences , including the imf . 
  can i ask what specific economic policies of your current government you are talking about ? 
  because from the outside perspective , we 've all obviously noticed the amnesty bill , but when it comes to economy , i do n't really know what is the situation like in romania . 
  i was actually under the impression that you guys are experiencing some very solid growth rates . 
  that 's some lazy statistician work . 
  now you ca n't even be that specific when blaming foreigners for your situation at the labour market . 
  who wants that ? 
  you should be able to point exactly at the nationality that is stealing most of your jobs / s. 
  austria , jeez , it 's been 24 years now . 
  you can really stop counting us and slovaks together . 
  czechoslovakia is not a thing anymore . 
  haha , glad i 'm not the only one who had this immediate reaction when seeing the last picture . 
  now that i 'm looking at it again , 12 is robert fico , slovakia , right ? 
  actually , there are rumours that he is secretly gay . 
  i know a gay guy , who when he was young , worked as a prostitute in prague and he told me that klaus was a frequent client of the place where he worked . 
  obviously i do n't know whether it 's 100 % true , he could have been just making it up to look interesting , however these rumours have been apparently circulating among the czech gay community so often that there might be some truth in it . 
  4 is former czech president and pm v\u00e1clav klaus . 
   the security guarantee that we provide your continent with allows you to spend money on social programs and then criticize us for not having ourselves . 
  this is a thing that americans seem to bring up a lot and i do n't really understand it . 
  as if europe spending not enough money on military was the reason why america ca n't have universal healthcare or free universities . 
  which obviously is n't true , many european countries have been raising their budgets for the last two years and plan to do so this year and trump still plans to raise the us budget as well . 
  it does n't matter how much we spend , you just continue spending a lot regardless of what we do . 
  and even if europe raising the military budgets meant that the us could lower it - do you think that the money would go to universal healthcare or other social programmes ? 
  it seems to me like you absolutely ca n't find a consensus among your people whether you should even have such a thing . 
  many americans do n't want any social programmes . 
  it 's not europe 's fault that you do n't have them . 
  i agree with you on your other points though , the us really is n't perfect , but out of other available options , pax-americana is the best option by far . 
  well at least until recently , with trump in power now , we 'll have to wait to see what happens . 
   i would support any eu effort to increase worker mobility and unify our labour markets . 
  all of this would take plenty of work , but i believe it 's far more suitable to better the life of the average european , solve economic problems and unify the continent on a very personal level , than migration . 
  yeah , but it would be even better if the economies of southern europe improved so that their young people do n't have to choose between being unemployed and moving to a different country . 
  it 's not exactly a perfect solution to have germany just pick up extra workers from other countries , when there are clearly some structural problems that are causing se suffer from youth unemployment and germany from labour shortage . 
  if germany is concerned about labour shortage , then maybe they should primarely focus on improving their birth rates , which are low even in european terms . 
   omg get me there :p we have a freedom of movement , so there 's nothing holding you back from coming to prague , 
   i see the problem , but that still leaves countries like germany open to tackle youth unemployment in other member states and increase their labour pool at the same time . 
  yep , but it still is n't that easy , even for countries like germany . 
  the eu is not one country , so the workers ' mobility is n't as high . 
  obviously the language barrier is a big obstacle , since most southern europeans do n't speak german good enough . 
   nevertheless , i 'm not so sure that eeurope is entirely unattractive . 
  i could imagine that , given another ten years of strong economic growth and some increase in real wages , many eeuropean countries will become interesting destinations in their own right . 
  yeah , could be . 
  i just do n't think se will ever be ee 's primary source of immigrants , it 's gon na be countries like ukraine , belarus , russia , perhaps western balkan countries and south east asians . 
  which is fine . 
  those immigrants in my country have already proven that they 're higly adaptable at the job market and do n't case any significant troubles . 
  people have family and emotional ties to their own country , some just simply do n't want to move elsewhere , even when they ca n't find a job . 
  also good luck convincing southern europeans to work in ee for ee salaries . 
  that 's just never gon na happen on a large scale until there 's an actual convergence in the salaries between ee and we . 
  why would a greek , spaniard or italian come to work here , when they 're also free to go to germany or the uk ? 
  ee actually does have to look outside of the eu , only mena really is n't the destination where we should be looking . 
  yeah , it is very likely true , even though the czech press mostly does n't mention directly their ethnicity , they use other words to describe it indirectly , such as `` children from socially excluded areas '' and so on and everybody here understands that this basically means that they 're gypsies , because we do n't have any other socially excluded communities here . 
  the tabloid media also released a picture of one of the kids with a blurred face , but you could still see that he has a darker skin . 
  oh , i 've taken this train . 
  the view was so nice that it did n't feel like 7 hours at all . 
  thanks op , now i 'll have massive nostalgia for the rest of the evening . 
  right , be the discussion about the future of the eu is more complex than that , it 's not just about whether there 'll be a multi-speed europe , or whether any of the other juncker 's scenarios is better . 
  nobody even yet defined how this multi-speed eu should look like - in which areas should countries integrate more and which should stay at the national level ? 
  should it be primarely eurozone countries that go ahead ? 
  if so , are all eurozone countries fine with a fiscal union ? 
  for example , are you , the baltics , ok with deeper fiscal integration with the southern europe .
