  yes , you 're right about that , the fact that all member countries - definitely not just the v4 - mostly follow their own interests first , is making the eu weaker . 
  however that 's just what the current state is and i do n't see any way forward in this . 
  that 's why it would be wise of germany and the eu to not push the quotas again . 
  let 's face it , the v4 not taking a couple of thousands of refugees is not gon na kill the eu . 
  specially since as i said , it 's not even an effective solution in the first place . 
  it 's absolutely not worth it to start another political battle over this . 
  just let us contribute in other ways and move on in areas where we can find a broad agreement - like in the defense union . 
  yeah , sure , as long as you 're willing to become a backwards easterner with no compassion , you 're absolutely welcome here . 
   i am ready to admit that , but the amount of unwillingness to make concessions ins eastern europe is just mindboggling . 
  there is no total unwillingness to compromise in the eastern europe . 
  there is an unwillingness to compromise on this specific issue , because it 's an extremely sensitive topic on which the public has a very firm opinion , so no sane politicians want to go directly against it . 
  in all other issues , we function as normal member states and cooperate with other eu countries . 
  also , we have been already trying to find a reasonable compromise that would allow us to contribute in other ways , like by providing equipment or financial resources instead of taking people . 
  which btw . 
  would be much more efficient as well , since sending people here who do n't want to come , is just totally stupid . 
  we are in schengen , these people will just cross the borders as soon as they get the chance and will rather live illegaly germany than legally here . 
  interesting . 
  it seems very accurate at least in the case of the czech republic . 
  i can fully confirm the low levels of individual cohesion . 
  lots of people really are completely indifferent about the eu or downright euro-sceptic . 
  we do n't really have many europhilles . 
  yeah , yeah and it only took a few centuries to implement it . 
  yep . 
  can confirm it was us . 
  it was a sophisticated secret evil scheme to make the british join it and then annoy their lifes for several decades . 
  and this time , with the polish government on board with us . 
  at least we 'll be complete in v4 in being selfish , heartless racist xenophobes which are only taking eu funds and are not paying anything back to the western europe . 
  oh man , not this shitshow again please . 
  i really hoped we were past this stage . 
  ha , nice to see that this dude gets some recognition on the european level . 
  in the czech republic , this actually gets mentioned in the history classes . 
  i remember our teacher was basically jokingly saying `` see ? 
  so it was us who invented the eu in the first place ! '', 
  no , but that 's the sad reality of politics in the eastern europe - there is often simply no reasonable alternative - you go to the elections and you have no choice but choosing a lesser evil . 
  the standard political parties are corrupt . 
  so you try voting in a different party which later turns out to be corrupt/incompetent as well . 
  meanwhile you continue to struggle in your life despite hearing in the news about economic growth . 
  at the same time , civic society and democratic culture/institutions are not yet strong enough to give certain limits to the politicians . 
  in the end , it 's not really surprising that some people simply go `` fuck it '' and end up voting for populist parties . 
  yep , absolutely , it 's the same in both cases . 
  only as i said , the funds are way smaller in total than the dividents taken out . 
  yeah , i understand that the profits taken away from our countries are not transfered to the accounts of ordinary western european citizens . 
  people do not profit from the overall wealth of the society equally . 
  i also get this this sort of money flow is way less visible to people than the eu funds . 
  not many people really know about it . 
  at the same time , you ca n't be surprised that some people in the ee also get increasingly frustrated . 
  our gdps in general are growing and slowly getting closer to the average gdp in the eu . 
  but the growth of salaries is not keeping up with the growth of the gdp . 
  in other words , people objectively do not have as good lifes as our macro-economic indicators would suggest . 
  this is one of the reasons why some people in the ee are losing their faith in the democratic system and are turning to anti-establishment parties or resigning on politics altogether and not bothering to vote at all . 
   if we were to calculate them , would be equal or greater than the eu funds we are currently receiving . 
  do n't know about poland , but in the czech republic , the numbers are not even close . 
  for example in 2016 we got some 3 billions euro from the eu ( already counting the net position ) . 
  meanwhile the final numbers of the balance of payments of our country are not out yet , only numbers for the first three quarters are out - but already the net positions for dividents is cca -8 billions of euro . 
  and those are not even the final numbers for the whole year yet . 
  so yes , the meme about ee countries not paying anything back really needs to die . 
  thu number of slovaks and ukrainians in czechia is very close , both are at cca 100k . 
  the difference is just a few thousands . 
   1 ) do you believe the nato alliance , and the us military in particular , is important to europe ? 
  yes , at least for now . 
  i believe that theoretically the european countries would be capable of creating forces strong enough so that we would not have to rely on the us , but currently it 's not the case , and it 's also not happening in the nearest future , so the nato allience is important for us . 
   3 ) if you believe the alliance is important to europe , how do you justify the fact that european nations do n't pay their fair share and the us shoulders the biggest financial burden ? 
  i do n't . 
  we should pay more . 
  however i think the us has been spending unnecessarily much which is not our fault . 
  nobody forced the us to go to iraq and waste billions of dollars there . 
  also much of us spending has nothing to do with nato , but rather with the south pacific region . 
   4 ) how do you reconcile the vicious attacks made against trump for his criticism of nato with the fact that the very nations who criticized his comments about nato have n't fulfilled their spending obligations ? 
  vicious attacks ? 
  what vicious attacks ? 
  at most european politicians have expressed their concern . 
  if someone made a really vicious attack , it was trump 's likely pick for the eu ambassador who hinted that he would like to see the eu destroyed . 
   i find it a little funny that many europeans often had the attitude that nato is just for protecting us interests and preserving its hegemony . 
  the us just wanted to control europe . 
  lots of europeans would rage at the idea that they depended on the us for defense . 
  you 're right about this . 
  many europeans indeed do like to stress how benefitial it is for the us to maintain its hegemony and how they 're doing it purely for their own interests . 
  this is not necessarily completely false , however it ignores the fact that european countries have benefited from the us hegomony massively as well . 
  and it 's also true that the argument that americans protect nato allies purely because of their own interests is also true only partly . 
  the reality is that the us did not necessarily have to expand nato to countries like mine . 
  it certainly did not have to expand nato to the baltic countries . 
  it brought some benefits - mainly it stabilized the entire cee region , but those benefits were far more important to the western european countries than to the us . 
  yet without the us backing this and without its willingness to provide the main security gurantees for this region , we would have been in a significantly worse situation . 
  i absolutely do recognize this and i 'm grateful for that . 
  fine , it 's your right to establish your own migration policy , just do n't force it on other countries . 
  the refugees/migrants do n't want to come to our countries . 
  they will leave to germany the second they get the chance anyway . 
  our people do n't want them here as well . 
  it 's completely counter-productive to push for the quota system on us since it achieves absolutely nothing . 
  we can contribute in other more meaningful ways , like through providing more money/personnel/equipment . 
  as if you were not treating the union like this as well . 
  germany gave exactly zero crap about the migration crisis before it blew up in your faces in 2015 . 
  italy was asking you for a quota system before that , they had hundreds of thousands of migrants in 2014 . 
  it only so happened that germany started wanting the quota system when you suddenly were no longer able to keep the migrants/refugees out of germany . 
  before that you were refusing quotas just like we 're refusing them now . 
  the thing is that the average prague citizen has absolutely no control over what czech tourism does . 
  even worse - they have no idea whatsoever that such campaigns are being supported by czech tourism . 
  for example i was unaware of this until literaly now . 
  we do n't know , there really was n't an opinion poll on this and it 's not really a hot topic anyway . 
  i mean , people are absolutely against immigration from muslim countries , but they do n't care much about ukrainians or any other european migrants .
