  in other cases , it means - we give you aid , you give us access to your market . 
  sometimes it 's just - we give you aid , you keep your country stable and that is beneficial for us in the long term . 
  there is really nothing unusual about this , these kind of arrangements between richer and poorer countries happen all the time . 
  it would be nice if eu took this into consideration when deciding who to deport . 
  those who can really prove that they worked for the coalition forces should be allowed to stay . 
  i remember watching a segment on this issue on last week tonight with john oliver and honestly thought it was quite outraging how us was treating these people . 
  this part got me too . 
  i really thought that the `` they are all doctors and engineers '' myth was already gone . 
  even germany now starts to acknowledge that it will be quite difficult for the migrants to find a job , because they do n't have the right qualifications . 
  i did n't get any sweets when i was a little girl during this holiday , but i always ate almost all the candy my brother brought home :d, 
  yeah , it is a rip off :d unfortunately when this tradition started centuries ago , they did n't think of this that way , so now we 're stuck with this not very fair deal :d, 
  well , you do n't actually have to leave the house , if you really do n't want to , you can also choose not to let anyone inside . 
  it 's not like that 's mandatory . 
  we just decided to go out , because staying at home alone woud be boring and we preffered to spend the day together doing something fun . 
  but yeah , i can see why it seems really strange to foreigners . 
  whenever i tried to explain this tradition to anyone from abroad they usually reacted in a very similar way like you do . 
  and yeah at first sight , it probably looks very sexist , but the idea behind it is actually not that sexist - the symbolism goes like this - the whipping sticks are made from young branches of willow and so they represent youth , beauty and fertility , so by `` whipping '' the men `` make '' women fertile and beatiful - so for that they receive the eggs or other small gifts . 
  in most of the cases , it 's really a harmless tradition . 
  and it 's not like i 'm getting offended by the criticism , on the contrary , i realize that it must seem weird to foreigners . 
  nobody is really pressured into it . 
  personally i loved celebrating the tradition when i was a little girl , because i really enjoyed the part of painting and decorating the eggs that you 're supposted to give to the boys . 
  in the teenage years it can get annoying , because you have your drunk classmates coming over to your house acting like jerks . 
  but it has a very simple solution - just go out , do n't be at home . 
  that 's what me and my female friends did around the age of 14-18 . 
  we just went out shopping or something and had a very fun day . 
  problem solved . 
  no need to complain how the whole holiday is horrible and spoil it for little children and the adults who usually just visit a few neigbours ' houses , hang around for a while , have a drink and that 's it . 
  but that 's not what i 'm arguing . 
  i just wanted to point out that pis has always been anti-immigration so the current step is not inconsistent with their previous stance on the refugee crisis . 
  that 's all . 
  i did not mean to say that treaties signed by previous governments are not binding for the current governments . 
  but as far as i 'm concerned hungary and slovakia are filing a lawsuit against the decision , so there might be some legal ground for not complying with the decision . 
  we will see how the court decides , i 'm not a lawyer , so i have no idea , whether they have any chance at succeeding , but i would guess that they likely have very little chance . 
  so yeah , legally poland probably does n't have the option to reject the decision , but in reality , no one can really force them . 
  and it might be only slovakia , hungary and poland declaring openly that they will not comply , but the truth is , other countries have also taken either no or very little refugees . 
  eu does n't have to power to force countries to implement the decision . 
  but ... as we can see in the western europe , some muslims really do not integrate . 
  why is it so hard to understand that ordinary poles who never even met a muslim ( and not just because they do n't want to meet one , but because they lived in closed societies for decades ) and all information they have about muslims are from news reports which basically cover terrorism , failed integration , muslim ghettos in the western europe , oppression of women , gays , jews and other minorities in the middle east and more terrorism , will refuse muslim immigration ? 
  like seriously , who could blame them ? 
  who could blame them that they do n't want to import western european issues to their country ? 
  yes , there are completely normal , good muslim people , i have no doubts about that . 
  but even these good people can have children who will struggle to integrate and who will be vulnerable to radicalization . 
  why is it so surprising that poles and other people from cee countries do n't want to risk that ? 
  why is it so surprising that they firstly think about the security of their own societies and only after that about the security of other people ? 
  yes i know , but they critized the previous polish government for voting yes on the quota system and would very likely vote against if they were in power at that point , right , would n't they ? 
  i mean , it 's not like pis was ever a fan of the relocation scheme , so to me , this is pretty much consistent with their policy . 
  did n't szydlo say some very similar comments after the paris attacks in november ? 
  i 'm not questioning the fact the governments are binded by the decision their predecessors made . 
  and yes , you are right that since all countries signed lisbon , we now have to respect even those decisions that we did not vote for . 
  but you ca n't really call the current government a turncoat . 
  pis made their stance on the quota system very clear , so this step is actually them sticking to their position . 
  and when it comes to this agreement , everybody is actually trying to weasel back on it . 
  it 's just that some governments are more open about , while others pretend like they have no issues with it , when in reality they are doing close to nothing to implement it . 
  it was actually the previous polish government which agreed to the quota system , not this one . 
  pis ( the current government party ) was critical of the relocation plan from the beginning . 
  he is being very insensitive , but otherwise he is right . 
  everytime this happens europeans politicians react with `` well let 's fight terrorism with love , solidarity , tolerance and open society blablahabla ... '' you know the drill . 
  this might make us feel good about ourselves , but it will not help us preventing future attacks better . 
  belgian secret services are clearly either incompetent or under funded . 
  or both . 
  the first step to solve a problem is to admit you have one . 
  and no , we should n't wait a few weeks out of respect to critize them , because after a few weeks , politicians well just get back to business-as-usual . 
  it has to be addressed now . 
  i 'm afraid this is not just belgium . 
  i think a lot of european countries seriously underestimate security threats . 
  just recently our secret services fucked up so badly that it led to 5 of our citizens getting kidnapped in lebanon and being traded for a lebanese gun dealer who was supposted to be extradicted to the us . 
  americans were understandably pissed . 
  not to mention that russian embassy in prague has like 300 employees , most of them probably spies and that 's just those we know about . 
  they do n't blow stuff up , but that does n't mean they do n't cause damage in other ways . 
  and our secret services ca n't do shit about it , because they 're ridiculously under funded . 
  seriously europe needs to get its shit together . 
  time to wake up from the cozy dream that security is something that is naturally provided by nato so we do n't really have to bother with it . 
  the problem is that politicians are humans too and since they 're voted in for typically 4 years , they tend to go for short-term solutions . 
  so they might raise the budgets of police/secret services , they might order air strikes at isis , they might arrest a few individuals , but to actually try to fight the roots of the problems ? 
  no , because that would take some time before the efforts actually started to have significant impact . 
  and politicians need to show results quickly so they can be re-elected . 
  this is one of the reasons why we have this mess in the middle east in the first place . 
  bush wanted to show that he is really doing something , so he invaded iraq and obama then wanted to show that he was really serious about withdrawing from iraq and so he did that even though it was pretty clear what would happen . 
  both ignored what long-term consequences their actions will have . 
  the same goes for european politicians and their libyan adventure . 
  i 'm not saying that ignoring problems and not doing anything is a solution . 
  europe has to be active in the middle east and north africa , but it has to be in a consistent and intelligent way . 
  what the eu is doing right now is just chaotically fighting the symptons without any long-term objective . 
  it does n't really matter what we think . 
  there are binding criteria that every country has to fulfill to be able to join . 
  personally i would in favour of macedonia joining the eu if they can meet all the criteria . 
  i also supported romania , bulgaria and croatia in joining . 
  basically i would support any european country which is developed enough to join . 
  i know this support is not so high in western europe , so i see this as a duty of cee countries to help countries like macedonia , ukraine , albania , moldova and so on as much as we can . 
  afterall we were in a similar position not so long ago . 
  even though i 've never been to macedonia i kinda feel a connection to every country which goes through the painful process of transformation . 
  eu has its own problems nowadays , so any erlargemenent is out ouf question for now , but i think it would be a mistake to ignore our neighbours and only reach out to them when we need their help ( like now during the refugee crisis ) . 
  but because western european countries have way too many immigrants already , any perspective of another ee country joining will be extremely unpopular there . 
  which is why i think it 's so important that we ( cee countries ) support countries like macedonia , because if we do n't , then nobody really will . 
  clearly our flag is the best . 
  we liked it so much that we decided to keep it after the czechoslovakia break-up , even though we totally promised slovaks we would stop using it . 
  i 'm not really afraid , because i know that my country is not attractive to mena migrants , so the likelihood of them coming in big numbers like they do to germany or sweden is close to zero . 
  however theoretically if there were large numbers of muslim immigrants coming to the czech republic i would be worried for two reasons . 
  firstly , i would be afraid that they would fail to integrate . 
  czech language is hard to learn and even though for high-skilled jobs , foreigners do n't always need to speak czech , the immigrants coming from mena region are usually low-skilled .
