  we 're one of the very few eu countries which still have their embassy in syria open and use this to distribute humanitarian help . 
  i do n't see what else could a country of our size and importance do to help the situation in syria . 
  syria right now is in a geopolitical mess of epic proportions and it is absolutely not in the power of the czech republic to change that . 
   how the hell do we make the americans take in some of the refugees since they 're one of the main countries at fault for this shitty situation ? 
  we do n't . 
  the us are a sovereign country ( and also one of our most important allies ) which can decide how many ( if any ) refugees they want to take . 
   how do we help syria in becoming relatively stable so that the refugees can go back asap ? 
  most of the syrian refugees in europe will do everything they can to not return to syria even if it 's stable again . 
  the vast majority of them are sunni muslims , who were primarely fleeing from assad and as it seems , if syria gets stable anytime soon , it will be with assad in power . 
  the refugees will not want to return to that country . 
  it will be very problematic for germany and other european countries to deport them back , because once assad gets in full control of the situation , he will likely start massive repressions against the part of the population which is against him . 
  the wounds in syria now go too deep , so it 's very unlikely that he could run his country with the consent of the people , he will more so run it with brutality and opression . 
   i agree , we should n't just let everyone in and we should double check who they are where they 're coming from to avoid economic migrants , but fact is , the refugees wo n't go away just because we want them to and we do n't have the legal right to turn away from the refugee crisis and pretend like it is n't happening . 
  this approach is nice and all , but it 's not sustainable in the long term , when the ratio of people who come to europe illegaly is now heavily skewed in favour of economic migrants . 
  if you just try to let anyone in and only then sort out the refugees , you will be stuck with the economic migrants as well and as we can see , deportation of these migrants go very very slowly . 
  and they concentrate in italy , which is unsustainable for the country . 
  the only way to help italy is to stop the flow alltogether and sort out the refugees and the migrants before they reach europe . 
  after that your country can play humanitarian power and accept as many refugees as it wants . 
  there 's 65 millions of them in the world , so you have a huge selection . 
  i do n't see what legally held guns by czech citizens living in the czech republic have to do with your problems with organised gangs using illegaly held guns . 
  foreigners can not just come here and get a legal gun , if that 's what you think . 
  they have to meet all the conditions that czech citizens have to meet ( mental and physical health check , clean criminal records , passing a shooting test ) + they have to have a pernament residence here . 
  so no , legal weapons from the czech republic can not be just easily imported into netherlands . 
  illegal weapons might be important there , but that 's a completely different issue which has nothing to do with this amendment . 
  this amendment only talks about legal gun ownership . 
   i suggest you talk to a person from italy about the refugee crisis . 
  unfortunately , i ca n't really do that , i do n't have any italian friends in the real life . 
   `` they could n't even take a few hundred but then they expect us to protect them when the russians come . 
  fuck them . '', 
  i 'm sorry to put it this bluntly , but i really doubt that there were many czechs expecting that italians would come to protect us in case of a russian invasion . 
  not that a russian invasion of the czech republic is a very likely scenario , but let 's say it happens - i really would not expect anything more than token contributions from the southern european countries . 
  hell , i would have very high doubts that the germans would come . 
  even with trump in the office , i still think that americans would be our best bet . 
  but ignoring all this - trying to relocate the small number of refugees in italy which actually qualify for the relocation scheme , is not going to help italy in the long term . 
  all those economic migrants coming to italy are going to be stuck there no matter what , becase they are not eligible for relocation . 
  my government is currently discussing what more they could do to help the libyan costguard and i see this as a much more meaningful contribution than taking some few dozens of eritreans , which would immediately leave our country to germany anyway . 
   i do n't think most of your countrymen have really grasped what actually happened . 
  you 're right that many czechs are painfully uneducated not just about the migrant crisis , but also about foreign affairs in general . 
  but this is the case of all countries . 
  or do you want to tell me that italians are somehow super knowledgeable about central-eastern european affairs ? 
   they thought they were sticking it to germany , but instead burned bridges with southern eu member states . 
  the vast majority of people refuse accepting the refugees because they 're scared . 
  scared of terrorists and scared of islam . 
  it has nothing to do with ` sticking it to germany ' . 
  i 'm seriously worried for him . 
  it would n't surprise me at all if he eventually ended up murdered like nemtsov . 
  and it does n't even have to be directly someone from the secret services . 
  there 's plenty of crooks in russia willing to do the dirty job for putin . 
  yeah , only it wo n't really help greece and italy that much , since as it turns out , the majority of the ` refugees ' do not qualify for the relocations at all , the commission already had to downsize the original target number from 160k to just 33k , meanwhile all the non-eligible people will remain stuck in italy and greece . 
  at the same time the commission has not released a single information about how many migrants stay in their assigned countries , so we can all just rely on news reports which show that the relocated refugees are leaving basically every eastern european country . 
  the commission does n't even comment on the issue , it never tries to dispel such news reports , let alone propose and start implement any measures that would prevent the refugees from leaving ( perhaps because there are n't any effective measures that could be taken besides locking up the refugees in prison ) . 
  so we have a system under which even if all countries cooperated fully only a small number of refugees would be relocated compared to how many people actually illegally arrive in europe and at the same time , the entire purpose of this system - to share the burden proportionally - does n't work , since the refugees do n't want to stay in their assigned countries . 
  so yeah , i really ca n't see how anyone can look at this and declare that it 's a success . 
  well , i did n't see the other member countries celebrating how the relocations work so well , but you 're right that they were voting for it . 
  that does n't change the situation . 
  even if it was just one country saying , even if it was absolutely no one saying it , it would still be true . 
  just because you ignore a problem does n't mean the problem is not there . 
   dude . 
  i do n't care . 
  you should care when there is a non-functioning solution and the commission refuses to admit its faults . 
  i mean , where will this attitude get us , if the commission with a straight face praises what a success the quota system is and we will all just pretend that it 's true , how is that going solve anything ? 
  i 'm not a legal expert , but as far as i know , this wo n't make it possible for us to ignore the directive . 
  our only chance is the lawsuit at the court of justice . 
   afaik , there are some limitations allowed , such as only giving the money to people who have resided for x years and/or who work here ( and are thus contributing through taxes ) and have n't come here specifically to study . 
  you should be able to find the case against denmark at the echr ( i think ) if you are curious about the details . 
  yeah , i actually know the situation in denmark , my friend is studying there . 
  foreigners have to have part-time jobs to get the benefit . 
  but as i said , with the current situation at the czech labour market , it 's not difficult to find a student part-time job at all , specially for slovaks who do not face the language barrier . 
   yes , i know . 
  however , agriculture is not as important to us as it is to e.g. 
  poland . 
  we are already importing almost all food products . 
  and you want to import all the food products ? 
  even those that can be easily grown here ? 
  i do n't know how about you , but i like buying domestic products on the farmers ' markets which are fresher than something that had to be shipped from across the continent and it 's also better from the enviromental point of view . 
  you ca n't eat services or high technology . 
  that does n't mean we should n't support these sectors , but destroying our entire agriculture sector also is n't something that i would want . 
   at least in theory , constituents should `` whine '' about their problems and their representative should then try and solve them . 
  if my problem is that there are n't porg schools in every 10k town in the czech republic , then complaining about this will just make everyone laugh in my face . 
  i mean , what on earth would you like to do about that ? 
  there will always be some elite schools concentrated in the big cities , this is the case everywhere in the world . 
   and while czechia has made it legal to just give people a guns , other countries have different laws . 
  how does czechia plan to keep their guns inside their country ? 
  do you realize that it was already legal to own a gun in the czech republic before this ? 
  this constitutional amendment changes nothing about the conditions under which people can get a gun . 
  somehow i did n't notice the massive amounts of czech people using legally owned guns to commit crimes in other eu countries . 
  in fact , gun-related criminality is very low even in the czech republic . 
  believe it or not , it 's possible to have fairly liberal gun laws without having people murdering each other with guns on daily bases . 
  it 's really weird because from my experience , czechs have this really strange and bizarre non-personal dislike of immigrants . 
  and when i say non-personal , i mean that they 're perfectly capable of ranting about those damn immigrants that do n't bring anything positive to the country but at the same time have collegues , acquaintances or even friends among immigrants . 
  and when you point this out to them , they go like ` but that  insert a particular immigrant person < does n't count , he/she is fine , not like the other immigrants ' . 
  you can see this in various opinion polls , where czechs are asked `` are there problems with immigrants in the czech republic ? 
  '' , they mostly answer yes , but when they 're asked `` are there problems with immigrants in your town ? '', 
  they answer no . 
  and i see this behaviour all the time in the real life , specially in my parents ' generations . 
  they 're even capable of talking about how all immigration is a threat with people of immigrant background and then they finish with `` but not you , you 're okay , you 're a good guy '' . 
  when you try talking to them a bit more about it , you usually get to a point when they say `` okay , fine , not all immigrants are bad , the vietnamese and ukrainians are n't all that horrible , but in general immigration is bad '' . 
  for them ` immigration ' is a like a curse word , you say it and they immediately get defensive . 
   there 's been just under 200k students with czech citizenship in the last year . 
  it would be against the eu law to discriminate against eu citizens , so you can count all the slovak students ( and obviously all other eu citizens ) at the czech unis in your math .
