  their military has actual experience with not only war-planning , but with the part where you actually implement these plans , their troops have plenty of combat experience - winning does not have to be only about who can spend the most , specially not when it 's not a total war . 
  my point is n't that an all-out war with russia is some likely scenario . 
  that is not something that russia would be very interested in . 
  however if russia feels that nato is no longer credible and that the us and western european countries will not help the baltics or other ee countries in case of an attack , then they might try to take advantage of that . 
  and if the eu does n't want to play more important role in defense ( with germany and france taking the leading roles ) , then we need to be able to keep the us commited to nato . 
  and as for now , the us signals that they might not continue being commited to nato , if other countries do n't start meeting the spending target . 
  which is why it would be good if all nato countries could start working on that . 
  then at least your politicians should be reasonable enough to understand what your interests are . 
  i do n't usually have anything nice to say about our politicians , but just to give you an example - due to our historic experience , czech people are very sensitive about foreign authorities and very distrustful of things and elements which are considered foreign . 
  this is one of the reasons why we tend to be the most euro-sceptic country out of the new member states and why the anti-eu sentiments were skyrocketing during the migrant crisis and they still remain relatively high . 
  our politicians obviously know this , but still , it 's only fringe parties that bring up that we could/should leave the eu . 
  mainstream politicians keep quite about it . 
  they do n't even talk about the possibility to have a referendum on this . 
  because they know it would be a total disaster , it would be irrational and it would go completely against out interests . 
   because we can look at switzerland which has existed as neutral democracy for a long long time ... people see that `` state model '' , compare it to previous german state models and say `` yup , that 's the one we aspire . '', 
  but you 're not switzerland and you ca n't ever be like switerzland . 
  you 're in a different geopolitical conditions given your size and economic power . 
  i think many people in my country would also like teleport themselves 500 km westwards and pretend to be switzerland , but that does n't mean our politicians can act is if we could actually do this . 
  we ca n't , we have to work with what our real situation is . 
   as long as we are not trusted to run a military without foreign imposed restrictions , why should we bloody care at all . 
  the restrictions are a historical baggage that just was never really properly addressed , because it never was a pressing issue since germany itself was n't interested in removing it . 
  that does n't mean that germany is n't trusted when it comes to military affairs . 
  in my country there certainly are n't any discussions about germany being a possible military threat to us and i really ca n't imagine us ranting about german re-militarization and trying to prevent it , unless this re-militarization was also accompanied by sudden hostile attitudes . 
  but that is a very unlikely scenario . 
  we overwhelmingly see germany as a country that does not pose any danger to us . 
   as long as the us and eastern countries are both in the same alliance , there is zero reason for germany to gear up but the problem is that the us might try to start question this alliance if other nato countries , including germany , do n't start to gear up . 
   what does germany actually gain from that ? 
  answer : fuck all . 
  from a stable and secure europe ? 
  yeah , absolutely fuck all . 
  it 's not like v4 countries are cca the same export market to you as the us . 
  and it 's not like foreign trade is extremely important to german economy . 
   not a single eastern country would lift a finger for anything regarding germany . 
  hell literally no country would lift a finger . 
  well we 're located east of you , so the chances are , if you 're at war , we 're at war too . 
  i do n't really see a scenario when russia decided to attack you , but left us alone , so that we could go and help you . 
  we 're also much smaller and poorer than you , so i 'm sorry that our geographic and economic conditions do not allow us to be a crucial partner for you . 
   given how things are i am not even sure russian tanks rolling through berlin would elicit more than a shrug . 
  wtf ? 
  half of berlin already experienced what it means to live in the russian sphere of influence , do you really think people would be willing to accept this again ? 
   people would prefer to concentrate on issues they care about and feel in their everyday lives , but eventually it would affect their everyday lives . 
  or do you think that freaking russian occupation would n't have any effect on people 's lives ? 
  or do you think that unstable and volatile europe would n't hurt german economy ? 
  and obviously people 's well-being is tied to how well is the german economy doing . 
  you ca n't just shut yourself in your country , specially not when your economy is export-driven . 
   it boils down to people being willing to let russia have its `` near abroad '' as sandbox to play in , kind of a `` it 's their side of the fence , nothing we bother with ... '' sorry for being a bit overly dramatic , but this begs the question - when would it bother you ? 
  when russia invades the baltics ? 
  what about parts of finland or gotland ? 
  or what about poland , slovakia , hungary and the czech republic , would that already be bothersome for you if you had russian soldiers at your borders and your economic ties with all these countries were cut ( and they 're not small , if you count all v4 countries together , we 're as almost as big of a market for you exports as the us ) and you had to deal with floods of refugees ? 
  i understand that because of the specific german historical experience , german public is very sceptical towards military activities , however then it 's up the the politicians to frame the public debate so that people understand that you having a stronger presence in the baltics does n't increase the chances that you 'll have to confront russia , it actually decreases the chances . 
   i think things will really come to a head this time - the german government can not give foreign powers what our own society is n't willing to provide ( military capabilities ) . 
  i can understand that german public does n't want any military adventures in the middle east or africa , however is more active role in the defense of nato/eu territory also such a problem for german people ? 
  for example germany is now going to lead the nato presence in lithuania , is that something that generally creates public resentment ? 
  because you being more active in these areas does n't mean that you 're more likely gon na get involved in a conflict with russia , it actually makes it less likely , because the deterrent is more credible . 
  you 're economically the strongest country in the eu , you can not afford to act like austria or ireland , that 's just politically impossible and the consequences of such actions would end up hitting you back eventually . 
   forcing eu nations to become less reliant on the aforementioned supranational organisations would fit with his seeming ambition to break up the eu . 
  that could happen , however it is also possible that eu countries would actually look to further eu defense integration if nato for some reason no longer is reliable . 
  yeah , well , i 'm afraid trump is n't very acutely aware of the inner politics of germany . 
  i 'm not saying that his strategy will necessarily be more effective than obama 's in every single european country . 
  i can imagine that in germany , it will instead end up backfiring . 
  yeah , i know that for example lithuania or latvia are raising their budgets fastly , but given the circumstances , they 'd probably do it either way , with or without the wales summit . 
  for other countries though , i suspect that the pledge is just talk . 
  it 's just very unlikely that countries like spain , italy , portugal or benelux countries would raise their budgets to this level , it just does n't make a whole lot of sense for them from the security point of view . 
  hell , even politicians in my country or hungary are really hesitant and are only raising the budget very slowly . 
  the more pressure there is on them , the more likely they will proceed with it more quickly . 
   while i completely agree that every nato member should be meeting the 2 % target , trump 's way of going about this is not constructive and undiplomatic . 
  gon na play the devil 's advocate here . 
  obama tried to be constructive and diplomatic about this issue and it did n't really bring the desired results . 
  some nato countries simply do n't feel the need to spend 2 % on military and they 're not going to raise the budget to this level unless they 're pressured into it . 
  so trump is trying more of a hardline approach . 
  obviously it 's a bit of a gamble , because nato is an organisation that serves us interests as well and if he pushes too far and weakens the credibility of the alliance , this will affect the us too . 
  alternatively he could succeed in his goals , but as a result create a situation when eu countries suddenly have more hard power and so are less dependent on the us , which could also somewhat transform the us-eu relatioship . 
  i think that in general , the legislation that prevents governments from discriminating between their own citizens and other eu citizens is good . 
  imagine if it was n't in place , suddenly many governments would try to raise new barriers , not just in situation like this , where it 's understandable , but also in plenty of other situations where it would n't be fair and the only purpose would be to score cheap political points at home . 
  however i agree that in this specific situation it kinda sucks . 
  it 's true that many eu students only go to denmark to get their degree and do n't really plan to stay there and start paying taxes . 
  i think a possible solution would be to not offer full courses that are fully taught in english . 
  you could make it so that for example 75 % is taught in english , but 25 % is taught in danish and you could n't really pass the course if you did n't speak decent danish . 
  this would filter out those who do n't really have any interest in staying in denmark . 
  this is also how it works in my country - in public unis , all czech-taught programmes are free for everyone , not just eu students , but also non-eu people . 
  all programmes taught in english have tuition fees - this applies to everyone , be it czech , eu or non-eu students , so there 's no discrimination . 
  this means that those who only want to get their degree here have to pay ( because they do n't want to invest time into learning czech ) and those who plan to stay anyway ( and thus have an interest in learning czech ) can get their degree for free . 
  apart from this , the czech taught programmes often offer individual subjects in english , so students can attend these subjects to improve their english , but the majority of subjects are taught in czech . 
  actually czech people are not keen on moving at all . 
  we do not like to move even within the country . 
  during communism , people were leaving because of the oppresive character of the regime , however ever since it fell , our country had a positive net migration - there really was n't any strong wave of czechs leaving to the west and there is n't one now . 
  by this i 'm not trying to say that our country is so great that nobody wants to leave , i 'm just trying to illustrate how unwilling most of czechs are to move elsewhere - so then no , there really is n't any self-awareness , because the vast majority of czechs can not imagine themselves as immigrants . 
   i have heard argument put forward from the eu side suggesting it should block the uk out in order to make an example of them . 
  there has been a lot of unfriendly talk from some political figures on both sides , not just on the eu side . 
  we were not the ones to decide this , it was the uk that decided to leave the eu and the single market and thus affect our trade ties . 
  of course a new trade agreement will have to be negotiated and i certainly hope that we will be able to reach a deal acceptable to all , even though it will probably be quite difficult . 
  but it was not us who wanted to end this mutually-advantageous trade relationship , it was uk 's decision . 
  that would still be a very bad move . 
  cooperation in intelligence sharing is mutually beneficial for all european countries , so trying to hinder this cooperation would leave everyone less capable of preventing terrorism . 
  not to mention that it literaly puts people 's lifes at risk . 
  the uk really should n't bring the negotiations to this level . 
  what does it mean to you ` being reasonable ' ? 
  giving the uk everything it wants ? 
  then we 'll probably have to disappoint you . 
  reaching some sort of trade agreement ?
