  or babi\u0161 ? 
  or all of them ? 
  two days ago , i did n't imagine that the situation would deterioate this badly . 
  we are in deep shit here . 
  the two upcoming elections will be very important for us and i can only hope that we as voters do not fuck it up completely . 
  honestly i really know close to nothing about zimola . 
  i 'm not from his region , so all i know is that he was at the secreet meeting with the president . 
  which already makes me dislike him . 
  i 'd be more satisfied with zaor\u00e1lek taking over , he 's been relatively ok as the fm , but i 'm not sure whether he has any strong support within the party . 
  for your own mental health , maybe keep ignoring it , our political culture is n't something we 're proud of . 
   inter-cabinet fighting like that is rare . 
  it 's a completely normal thing here . 
  i agree that sobotka was backed into a corner . 
  i just do n't believe that this will help him get out of there . 
  to be honest , i do n't think there 's much that sobotka can do . 
  this is not 2012 anymore when \u010cssd could easily mobilize left-leaning voters because of the bad economic situation . 
  on the contrary , ano is a catch-all party that thrives on the fact that the economic situation is good , so they can act both right and left wing at the same time , attracting voters from all sides of political spectrum . 
  plus as you said , babi\u0161 has a good pr team . 
  and of course , it does n't help sobotka and \u010cssd that their attacks on babi\u0161 ' shady financial tax returns and his conflict of interests do n't seem very plausible coming from people whose moral integrity is often also very questionable . 
  i share your worries about ano dominating the elections , however it actually might not be that bad if babi\u0161 is the pm , because that would mean that he would finally have to take more responsibility and the current `` we have no ideology , we are all about practical solutions '' bullshit would n't fly that easily anymore . 
  of course i hope he 'll have reasonable coalition partners who would moderate his `` great '' ideas like `` let 's get rid of the senate '' or `` let 's switch to a majority system , because the current one is not effective enough '' . 
   this is deliberate . 
  it must be how we are educated or something . 
  this is how parliament has always been since we first had a parliament . 
  this caused me such a huge cognitive dissonance when i first saw these debates . 
  you see , the british cultural exports are really strong in my country , but they more so promote the stereotypical image of the sophisticated british gentlemen and ladies , who are always polite , dignified and have a witty humour , which is however never straighforwardly offensive ... imagine growing up with this image and then suddenly you see a discussion in the british parliament . 
  all my romanticized ideas about the uk were crashed so hard :d, 
   but i guess it seems odd from a lot of continental europe , which has more of a tradition of coalitions ... 
  i know it 's a specific feature of the uk and i do n't want to be judgmental ... but still god damn , sometimes when i see discussions from the british parliament , it looks more like an argument taking place in a pub where half of the people are already drunk . 
  no offense . 
   this is one of the reasons why i do n't like coaltions . 
  however , we get lots of political backstabs within our single party governments too - so perhaps this is just inherent in politics . 
  i think it absolutely happens everywhere in politics , however we reached a level when it 's just a bit too much . 
  still i would n't change our proportional system , it brings valuable checks and balances . 
  the uk can live without it , because you 're a country with a long and strong democratic tradition , but we 're not , so we 're better off with a proportional system . 
  i 'm not sure if we 're talking about the same level of bickering though . 
  you have politicians mocking each other in the parliament and behaving like a class of high-schoolers ( and part of the british public seems to enjoy this ? 
  ) , but we in the past decade or so had constant backstabs , vile attacks , government collapses because the coalition parties were unable to cooperate with each other , or because a few of mps from one party decided to change the camp , join the opposition and vote for the collapse of the government . 
  i do n't remember a single government that actually finished its term here in the past decade . 
  the current government seemed like they will make it , they had a comfortable majority in the lower house , but as you can see , it 's not gon na happen . 
  people are fed up with this . 
  spot on . 
  he changes his stance on eu and specific eu policies every other day . 
  if he 's the pm , it 's gon na be very interesting to see how he 's going to behave . 
  it 's kind of absurd that he 's been in politics for 6 years now and yet we still have no idea what 's his foreign policy would be like if he was in charge of the government . 
   now imagine that the czech republic still allows trading those guns legally , and that the fuckers come and buy them there , then move to wherever and use them on me . 
  yeah , that 's not gon na happen , you ca n't just come here and buy weapons under our current legislation . 
  you need a medical check stating that you 're both physically and mentally capable of handling a gun , you need to pass a shooting test , you need to have clear criminal records and most importantly , foreigners need to prove that they 're staying here legally on a pernament or temporary residence permit . 
  nobody can just come here , go to the nearest gun shop and buy a gun . 
   in that situation , sure it does not affect you personally . 
  but it kinda shows tha `` does not affect me personally '' is n't that much of a reasoning to adopt ( or not ) any legislation . 
  i do n't know what you 're talking about - i was stating the opposite , that i 'm worried that next time , it can affect me personally . 
  because the current gun legislation does n't affect me . 
  i do n't own a gun and do n't have a desire to own one . 
  theoretically i do n't have to care about this , but i do care about it , because it 's not just about guns , it 's about how the eu treats its member states . 
  czech voters are notouriously known for not appreciating coalition fights . 
  we like stability and do n't want deal with politicians bickering among each other , specially not when they 're in government together . 
  this is not gon na help sobotka . 
  yeah , it 's a shitshow . 
  we do n't know , it 's too fresh . 
  we do n't know whether there will be snap elections , or whether the current parties in the parliament will form a new coalition and rule until the regular elections , or whether there will be a non-political interim government . 
  or whether the current government finishes the term despite the resignation . 
  it will depend a lot on what the president will do . 
  hmm . 
  je to takov\u00fd \u0160kromach 2.0 . 
  that was actually the expected move - that he would fire him . 
  however he says that he does n't want to give him the opportunity to turn himself into a `` martyr '' . 
  the official reason is that he does n't want to function in a government with the current finance minister , who is accused of using legal loopholes to significantly lower his tax returns . 
  the unofficial reason is that he 's desperate , because his party is significantly lagging behind the finance minister 's party in the polls , so he 's trying every possible thing to reverse this trend . 
  yeah , i know , i 'm sorry i read it that way . 
  it was just the first thing that came to my mind . 
  tejc has recently left high politics completely . 
  or at least he claims to . 
  zimola could very well make it , specially since he and babi\u0161 are apparently on relatively good terms . 
  i do n't think zaor\u00e1lek is completely without chances though . 
  he seems like he could be an acceptable compromise for everyone . 
  and it would even make sense for the new hyphothetical government - babi\u0161 would be the pm , while zaor\u00e1lek could keep his fm seat . 
  but that 's just speculation of course . 
  you 're right that they shifted in the last couple of years . 
  still , the people voting for them were always on average more pro-eu oriented than the rest of the population . 
  what i meant in the beginning was that people who would be put off by feri because of his looks ( so basically bigots ) were never voters of top09 . 
  i do n't think a new coalition with \u010cssd is impossible , as long as sobotka resignes after the elections . 
  if zaor\u00e1lek or zimola take over the party ( or even the ladies - marksov\u00e1 or valachov\u00e1 ) it could be possible that they would enter a new coalition with babi\u0161 as a junior partner . 
  top09 's main voting demographics were always more so young , liberal-minded , urban people with pro-eu views . 
  they were never really a conservative party or at least definitely not since the schwarzenberg vs zeman presidential election . 
  this is n't something that feri started . 
  babi\u0161 and ods have been very critical of each other the past few years . 
  ods was the biggest opponent of eet . 
  it would take some big mental gymnastics for them to work together . 
  sobotka is gon na resign after the elections if the results are bad , which they very likely will . 
  after than i can see that zimola , zaor\u00e1lek or even valachov\u00e1 or marksov\u00e1 might take over the party and i think those theoretically could enter a coalition with ano as a junior partner . 
  yeah , that 's not gon na happen . 
  if top09 fails , it 's not gon na be because of feri . 
  the kind of people who would be put off by feri would never vote for top09 in the first place . 
  feri has a chance of attracting more voters to top09 from the 18-22 voting group . 
  top09 has actually been around 6 % in the past few polls . 
  so they might make it . 
  omg , that 's so stupid . 
  i get that he 's desperate about the polls , but this is really not gon na boost his party 's preferences . 
  it 's just gon na create unnecessary instability a few months before elections .
