  it does n't help those who might want to do a full degree here . 
  not to mention those who might want to work here . 
   those who voted leave are not likely to sign up to keeping their eu citizenship ( they did vote leave after all ) well , you know , i think it 's quite possible that some might . 
  some leave voters might not like staying in the eu , but at the same time , they recognize that it has some benefits . 
  for example by keeping eu citizenship you keep the right for your kids to study at eu unis under the same conditions as eu nationals . 
  of course they might decide not to exercise that right eventually , but why not keep that option open if that 's what is being offered . 
  you would be surprised how hypocritical some people can act and how quickly they can forget about their ideological setting when their own interests or interests of their family is at stake . 
  but maybe i 'm wrong and leave voters would really not sign up for that . 
  and as i said , even if they did , i could live with that if that means we can help remain voters . 
  i know , but maybe the 18-24 age group that now lives in the uk will want to spend a semester in the eu in the future ? 
  or maybe even do a full degree there . 
  we do n't even have any guarantee that the uk will still take part in erasmus . 
  if they could keep the eu citizen status , they would still have these opportunities that they might miss otherwise . 
  i think it 's not very fair to those who voted remain and i think it would be a nice gesture from the eu to offer them to opt-in . 
  i think this would be reasonable if only remain voters could apply for it . 
  i have nothing against leave voters , they have made a legitimate choice , but i would not like to see them cherry-picking . 
  i do n't think it would be fair for them to say `` i want out of the eu , but at the same time , i would like to keep all the benefits for me and my kids , so that i can work in the eu whenever i want and my kids can take the advantage of studying in the eu under the same conditions as eu nationals and so on '' . 
  but i realize that setting this kind of condition is not possible . 
  we either offer this to all of britons or nobody . 
  and i would rather offer it to all of britons , if that means that we 'll make lifes of the youngest voting groups that voted to remain easier . 
  even if some leave voters will decide to act opportunistic . 
  nope , after that ivanka will take over . 
  long live the queen !, 
   if merkel and tusk want to continue having trump as an ally then maybe they should not declare him an enemy and treat him as bad or worse than putin . 
  trump is not the type to take that type of behavior forever . 
  i really do n't understand why you seem to think that the eu was the one who started it . 
  you do realize that trump 's pick for an eu ambassador compared the eu to the soviet union and indirectly hinted that he wants to see it destroyed ? 
  trump himself made hostile comments towards both the eu and germany when he suggested that the eu is just a tool for german domination . 
  it 's pretty clear that trump sees the eu mainly as a business competition , not as a partner . 
  so how are the eu officials supposed to react to this ? 
  just go back to business-as-usual and ignore that the current us administration has a very different view of the eu than the previous one ? 
  and btw . 
  merkel and most other german politicians have been very tactful so far in their responses to trump considering his comments about germany . 
   i may well be wrong but my impression is that the us has been putting pressure on europe to keep the sanctions when i think it should be the other way around . 
  europe is not a unified bloc when it comes to sanctions against russia . 
  some countries are more in favour of them and others less so . 
  merkel happens to be one of the politicians who is actually quite strongly in favour of them . 
  but otherwise i agree with you that keeping the sanctions should mainly be our own responsibility . 
  yep , their president got impeached as a result of the protests . 
  i 'm so proud of romanians right now . 
  it would be great if you could repeat what south koreans were doing - persistent , large-scale peaceful protests hopefully with the same result as in south korea . 
  yeah , that 's true , but the scale and the whole context was somewhat different , because it did n't affect active politicians . 
  i mean it would be similar if klaus was prosecuted and basically awarded the amnesty to himself , which is what is happening in romania with dragnea . 
  many european leaders and eu officials have repeatedly condemned putin for his behaviour , it 's just that the war in ukraine is on for some time now , whereas trump coming to the office is fresh , so obviously it will get more attention of the politicians and media . 
  also i find it weird that you criticize european politicians for not being critical enough of putin , while trump himself is more pro-putin and pro-russia than the vast majority of the current european leaders . 
  he also seems to be relatively hostile to the eu . 
  i 'm pretty sure merkel and tusk want to continue having the us as an ally , but tusk being the president of the european council simply has to react to the comments about the eu that came from trump or his people . 
  that does n't mean that he wants to have the us-eu allience completely dismantled , he was just defending the eu , an organization that he represents , when hostile comments were made against it . 
  no , but he literaly said that in an interview with czech press like a few months ago . 
  that basically was his top argument . 
  he was like `` so we would like to ditch the freedom of movement , but we still want to stay in the single market '' and when he was asked why we should want that , he said that we 'll be able to sell beer and skodas in the uk . 
  he did the same thing with italy and prosciutto . 
  he 's kind of hilarious since his message basically is `` we want better conditions than we currently have ( i.e. 
  power over immigration , but still single market rights ) and for that we 'll be so generous to allow you to keep the conditions that you already have '' . 
  thankfully the british government later realized that this is simply not gon na happen . 
  man , the uk is picking small countries that will get boris ' attention and we 're not even on that list ? 
  that 's not fair , i hoped we would get more of him explaining to us that we should totally give the uk a great trade deal so that we can continue having the privilege of selling our great beer to them . 
  yeah , i absolutely agree with you that what psd are doing is completely despicable . 
  i did not mean to sound critical , i get that psd were not advertising this in their campaign . 
  still though , perhaps if at least 60 % of people went to vote , psd would not end up with 40 % but instead with 25 % or so . 
  but anyway , in the current circumstances , romania is doing great , i 'm so proud of you for standing up to them . 
  i absolutely understand that people are super angry , but i still hope no violence will take place , because i 'm worried that the government would only use that to discredit the protestors . 
  that being said i think that just the fact that there are so many protestors proves that romania made a big progress in the development of civic society . 
  i 'd only wish that more people actually went to vote , since that could have prevented all this from happening . 
  what do you mean that it was n't hacked ? 
  i thought that it was a series of hacking attacks and then the stolen e-mails were handed over to wikileaks . 
  they basically indirectly said that - they mentioned that the method of the hacking was very similar to the hacking of the democratic party in the us . 
   if smaller states do n't want to join fine by me . 
  well , then you might as well form a federation with france and maybe italy and spain and that 's about it . 
  but that would n't really be a united europe , would it ? 
  that would be a federation of a few similar sized countries , because for anyone else , it would make no sense to ever join it . 
  yeah , we do consider ourselves central europe . 
  however i was kinda trying to imitate and make fun of the rhetorics of some of the western media , who used different terms during 2015 when the quotas were a hot topic . 
  we were very often described as xenophobic/racist eastern europe that ( in contrast to the west ) lacks any sense of humanitarian approach . 
  well if there 's some central agency taking care of the funding , then i 'm also fine with that . 
  slovaks and hungarians challenged the vote on the relocation at the european court , which is well within their legal rights . 
  otherwise afaik it 's only hungary and poland which are completely ignoring the decision , while other countries like czechia and slovakia are `` only '' extremely slow in implementing it . 
  i agree though that we should act according to the treaties and accept the decision unless the court revokes it , but at the same time i really hope no other quotas are passed against our will . 
  i already addressed your point about randomly sending something to italy/greece without first making sure that italy and greece are on board with this solution in a different comment . 
   you mean like trying to change the rules after something did n't go your way ? 
  `` flexible solidarity '' ? 
  what do you mean , trying to change the rules ? 
  the slovak proposal was simply presenting new possible solutions to the crisis , it was n't changing any rules . 
   if anyone wants to contribute anything you could just ... do it . 
  there obviously first have to be some sort of mechanism for it that would determine how much exactly of what and under which circumstances we would be obliged to send . 
  there is no point in randomly sending something when it 's not established if the receiving party even recognizes it as a compensation for not taking the refugees . 
  italy and greece would first have to accept this kind of solution which i understand they 're hesitant to do . 
  cutting the eu funds seems like a punitive measure that is guaranteed to create a backlash here . 
  it also completely unnecessarily affects fields which have nothing in common with migration policy whatsoever . 
  i mean how retarded it is to say - your government refuses to take refugees , so let 's take money from your farmers/schools/science projects/whatever else . 
  there would have to be tons of additional transfers of money and tons of legal work to even make it legit from the legal point . 
  it would basically have to go like this - czech government gets less money for farmers . 
  czech government has to create some additional programme at the czech ministry of agriculture to which it will send additional money from the state budget and start distributing the money through it . 
  the eu saves some money in the cohesion funds . 
  the eu has to take this money and send them to greece/italy . 
  when instead it could go like this - czech government takes money from the state budget and sends them to italy/greece . 
  problem solved . 
  the slovak presidency actually had a proposal on this , it was firstly labeled as flexible solidarity and then later as effective solidarity . 
  but it looks like it will get buried again now that the slovak presidency ended and maltese presidency might try to bring up quotas again . 
  that 's the spirit , you 'll fit right in here !,
