  corruption is n't really present in the daily lives of people , however in the politics , it 's a different story . 
  i still hope we will once reach the same level of political culture as it is normal in the western europe . 
  apathy would n't get us anywhere . 
  ca n't really give you an objective answer on that , only my opinion . 
  but no , i do n't think they 're on the same level of fuckedupness . 
  our current president is an incredibly vindictive and arrogant person , the kind of person who at first offers a state medal to a holocaust survivor , but decides to cancel the awarding , because the nephew of the survivor happens to be a minister of culture who dared to meet with dalailama against the president 's wishes ( the president is very friendly with the chinese ) . 
  in other words , the president is the kind of person who is taking revenge on the family members of his political opponents . 
  the current pm is not a very charming man , who no doubts is not 100 % free of any pressures of lobbyists and the fight against corruption is not his top priority , however he respects some basic forms of human decency and does n't shit on the political culture in the country on daily basis . 
  the president hates him , because back in early 00s he was one of the social democrats who blocked his presidential candidacy ( back then the president was voted by the mps , not by people ) and since getting in his office , he has constantly been trying to undermine the pm 's position . 
  yet until now , the pm never publicly called him on his shit and was trying to constructively working with him ( well to be fair , that was n't really just his choice , he was pushed into it , because part of his own party supports the president and his biggest coalition partner is led by the finance minister , who is also allied with the president ) . 
  long story short , the pm has been in a pretty difficult position the whole time since he 's been in office . 
  i 'm not his fan and i never voted for his party , but at least i know that i can expect from him that he will respect the rule of law , the constitution and that he will not act like a complete human garbage . 
  ca n't say that for the president or the finance minister . 
   being vice-pm and finance minister for 3 years is not enough power for you ? 
  well it 's certainly less power than being a pm after winning over 30 % of votes , which is what can happen in the upcoming elections . 
   but this idea that he is dangerous for democracy is ridiculous . 
  maybe . 
  i said that he 's unpredictable . 
  it 's possible that he would do nothing to game the system in his favour . 
  but we ca n't know for sure . 
  he 's certainly the only politician who is openly calling for a change of the electoral system . 
  he 's the only politician that owns two newspapers and one radio station . 
  he 's the only politician that owns a huge company which is a large recipient of both state and eu subsidies . 
  does that mean that other politicians are saints ? 
  of course not , but no one is concentrating as much economic , media and political power in one hands . 
  we 're in a very tricky situation here and yes , you 're right that i 'm perhaps a bit too alarmist , however i 'd rather be a bit too alarmist than end up with poland 's or hungary 's democratic standards ( and no , i do n't want to start with the pro-eu or anti-eu debate right now , because regardless of what is orb\u00e1n 's or kaczynski 's position on foreign policy , what they are doing at home is simply not right ) . 
  it 's not really clear . 
  it was just interpreted this way the whole time in the post-communist history - the pm always resigned with the entire government . 
  theoretically if the pm only wanted to resign himself ( for example because of health issues ) i really do n't know how he would do that . 
  it 's possible that in this case , the breaking of the constitutional custom would be more acceptable and no one would be throwing a tantrum over it . 
   it seemed to me like ano was the least worst alternative i get why it might seem so , but please do n't vote for ano . 
  what babi\u0161 represents in politics is just awful and no redeeming qualities of other people in ano can make up for that . 
  and the worst part is that the scariest thing about babi\u0161 is not what we already know about him , but more so the fact that we actually do n't know how he would behave if he got too much power in his hands . 
  he has no idelogy , he does n't respect the constraints of liberal democracy , so essentially he 's unpredictable . 
  but i do n't want to advice you who to vote for , just try to pick a party that fits your basic ideological setting ( are you economicaly right wing , or left wing , socially liberal or conservative ) and that has at least some chance of passing the treshold . 
  if you have something that you dislike about every single party - well , that 's how it usually is , pick the lesser evil . 
  choose areas which are the most important to you . 
  i 'm also not 100 % decided on who to vote for in this election . 
  i 'm considering the kdu-stan coalition , top09 and the pirates . 
  i do n't think having too much of an ego is an obstacle in gaining people 's support at all . 
  i mean , zeman 's ego is sky-high and he got elected . 
  frankly i would n't be surprised if someone from the interior ministry was responsible for it . 
  but i 'm not quite sure , because babi\u0161 is the kind of person that has many enemies everywhere . 
  well i did n't say it wo n't happen for sure , i said that we can only hope that it wo n't . 
  i mean , what do you want to me to say , i 'm not happy about the situation either . 
  the thing is that when you put it this way , it 's of course puzzling why anyone would vote for babi\u0161 or zeman , however in reality , it 's not as black and white . 
  specially not with babi\u0161 . 
  do n't get me wrong , i would never vote for him , however you ca n't deny that he served a pretty sucessful term in the finance ministry in terms of budgetary balance . 
  we ran the biggest surplus ever . 
  of course he 's lucky to serve in a time of economic growth , but we had periods of economic growth before and did n't have budget surpluses . 
  plus he brought some genuinely competent people to politics . 
  i live in brno and the current mayor from ano - vok\u0159\u00e1l - is by far the best mayor brno had in a while . 
  ano mps also have a better voting track in voting for anti-corruption bills in the lower house than the mps from \u010cssd . 
  it 's kind of weird , because ano has a really toxic leadership - babi\u0161 and falt\u00fdnek , while the other prominent members are sort of fine - stropnick\u00fd , teli\u010dka , vok\u0159\u00e1l , pelik\u00e1n . 
  on the contrary , \u010cssd has a sort of acceptable leadership - sobotka and zaor\u00e1lek , but when you look at the other representatives of the party , it 's much worse . 
  and i 'm not even talking about the regional representatives of \u010cssd , which are run by the same kmotr-style conduct as in ods . 
  it 's about [ this specific tape ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rakjrzac2t0 ) . 
  the man talking with babi\u0161 is a journalist from mf dnes . 
  he was already fired . 
  however the other guy which they talk about on the tape , nachtigall , is still in his position . 
  and babi\u0161 's reaction ? 
  it is a scandal that someone is secretly making tapes of him . 
  the content of the tapes is apparently not scandalous . 
  however he does have a point that we do n't know who ordered these tapes , we do n't know who took them and we do n't know who is leaking them . 
  i would leave out the ` possibly ' . 
  he was straight up caught talking with a journalist from his newspaper about what articles about his political opponests will be published . 
  no , the normal situation is that when a pm recalls a member of the government , the presidents accepts that recalling . 
  when the pm hands over a resignation himself , it means the resignation of the whole government . 
  and the presidents accepts it as a resignation of the whole government . 
  this is how it always worked here ever since 89 . 
  the parliament is n't involved in the process at all . 
  unfortunately , the constitution is bit vaguely formulated so the president is using it to basically interpret it in a way that fits him . 
  essentially , if he does n't comply with the mainstream interpretation of the constitution , this will likely be brought to the constitutional court which should resolve the matter . 
   if he wants to fire this minister he should do it directly . 
  the president must accept it , without that , the recalling ca n't enter in force . 
  draho\u0161 and hor\u00e1\u010dek would be both relatively decent candidates , at least compared to zeman . 
  draho\u0161 is the former head of the czech academy of sciences and i think i do n't have to tell you who michal hor\u00e1\u010dek is . 
  we can not just get rid of the president , he 's technically the highest authority of the country . 
  not in the way that he holds the most power , but in a way that he is not directly accountable to anyone . 
  he would basically have to commit a treason to be removed from his office . 
  if he now refuses to accept the pm 's recalling of the finance minister , it can be brought to the constitutional court , however it 's not a reason enough to kick the president from his office . 
  i also thought it was a really stupid move from sobotka . 
  however i think i understand his motivation way better now . 
  he wanted to get rid of babi\u0161 , but at the same time preserve the current coalition cooperation , that 's why he wanted to resign with the current government and replace babi\u0161 and himself . 
  however zeman would n't accept this option , so he did n't have any other choice really . 
  the pm from the beginning wanted to get rid of the finance minister . 
  the finance minister is accused of using legal loopholes to avoid paying taxes from a period before he became the finance minister . 
  also the pm 's party has been lagging behind the finance minister 's party in the recent polls . 
  two days ago , the pm did a surprise move when he decided to resign with the entire government instead of just firing the finance minister . 
  at first it looked like he wanted to avoid making the finance minister looking like a victim . 
  however it later became clear that he did it because the president , who is in charge of accepting the recalling of the finance minister made it clear that he would n't accept it . 
  the most constitutional lawyers would agree that the president would be breaking the constitution with this move , however the pm probably wanted to avoid this whole situation , so that 's why he decided to resign with the entire government . 
  the plan was to disband the current government and then form a new one which would be the same as this one , only both the pm and the finance minister would n't be in their positions anymore . 
  in the past 25 years , the resignation of the pm always meant a resignation of the whole government . 
  it 's a constitutional custom that is n't directly written in the constitution , but was always kept that way . 
  however this time , the president decided that he does n't give a crap about constitutional customs and when the pm realized that the president is not gon na accept the resignation of the whole government and instead plans to interpret it as a resignation of the pm only ( so the finance minister would still keep his place ) , he decided to change his mind and refused to hand over the resignation to the president . 
  the next day he announced that he will go through with the original plan and he will fire the finance minister . 
  so now we 're waiting for what the president will do . 
  to understand the background better - the current president hates the current pm , he holds grudges against him and he already tried to convince a part of the pm 's party to overthrow him from the position in 2013 which failed . 
  you mean the pm or the president ?
