  that 's really fucked up that they got caught in this mess . 
  however if they were in ss , it 's pretty possible they were themselves involved in some messed up things . 
  regardless of that , it 's really weird that it 's a totally unknown fact here . 
  this is literaly the first time i 've heard about it . 
  everybody knows about the atrocities against german civilians and german surrendering troops , but it was never mentioned in the school that we also had estonians here and that they were victims of the reprisals as well . 
  curiously i 've never heard that there were any estonian soldiers within the german units located in czechoslovakia . 
  were they forcibly conscripted or were they collaborators who joined the german units voluntarily ? 
  but our government already did apologize for that . 
   it 's not a topic that comes up at all in canada . 
  no one ever teaches about the expulsion of the germans post-war . 
  to be honest , it 's not overly talked about here either . 
  during the communist regime , it was straight up denied and after that it was admitted , but the whole 1938-45 is such a dark chapter of our history , that discussions about it are more so avoided . 
  people also get very defensive , specially if it 's germans who try to bring up the topic because they think they 're not recognizing that the violence erupted as a result of happened in the previous years . 
   it would just come out in bursts of anger . 
  my grandpa was born in 1939 , so some of the earliest memories he has are from the last stage of the war . 
  he was unlucky to live in a village located right next to a factory which germans turned into a war factory . 
  so as a small child , he experienced lots of bombing from the allies . 
  fortunately he survived , but plenty of the people from his village did not . 
  they were also constantly starving at the end of the war . 
  he 's also unable to talk about this without getting emotional . 
  he grew out of the hatred though , it 's more so grief and sadness that he feels . 
  the war was shit and caused so much suffering to so many innocent people . 
  i 'm sorry for what your grandmother must have gone through . 
   and in this case it would be an advantage if there had already been found some common ground between different nations but that 's the thing i do n't get - is n't there a common ground already ? 
  or what is it that we ( not we two specifically , but in general our nations ) do n't agree on ? 
  the topic already was addressed on the governmental level , the germans accepted their responsibility for what happened here in 1938-45 and we expressed our regret over what happened post-45 . 
  i think both sides understand that trying to reverse any of this now would n't work . 
  we both moved on and we focus on the future . 
  and i do n't even think that it is a general problem of expulsions . 
  i think nowadays the consensus is that mass indiscriminate transfers of people are wrong . 
  the thing about the expulsion in 1945 is that it was done under extreme , one-time condititions . 
  ww2 is literaly one of the most horrying things that happened in europe ever , so i would n't necessarily draw some universal conclusions from this time period . 
   also in the refugee crises there is a big mental shift between former colonial western european nations and central eastern european countries which had another history . 
  this is absolutely true . 
  i generally do n't agree when people say that there is a huge mental gap between western and eastern europeans , but in this specific thing , the gap really is there and you 're right that it is because of our different historic experience . 
  i do n't think there is an easy way to overcome this though . 
  specially since in the western europe , `` finding a common ground '' often means `` trying to convince eastern europeans that our views are in all ways superior so they should adopt them as well '' . 
  i 'm not sure whether people in the west realize they do this or not , but it makes the search for a real common ground kinda hard . 
   here on reddit there are a lot of people dreaming about a european federation . 
  well i 'm not one of these people . 
  i think it 's an unrealistic idea and i 'm more in favour of staying out of the core if multi-speed eu happens , even though i 'm not 100 % set in that opinion . 
  but regardless of this , i still do n't see how discussing things that happened or did n't happen but should have happened almost 100 years ago is necessary for eu federalization . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but is n't this a taboo in germany as well ? 
  or do you think it would fine if a politician there said `` those czechs should have given us sudetenland in 1918 '' ? 
   in democratic debates you can not only use diplomatic language and ignore some other topics completely . 
  i would agree if we were talking about relevant topics . 
  but what we were discussing just is n't relevant to everyday lives of people in germany or the czech republic . 
  as i said , the status quo is accepted by everyone . 
   i dont think it is the right strategy to put the past completely under the carpet since it will remain in the subconsciousness anyway . 
  but it 's done , it 's over , the disputes are settled and the status quo is accepted by everyone . 
  what is there to address ? 
  germans nowadays have their own very sucessful country , you 're able to provide prosperity to your citizens , what more do you need ? 
  and i do n't think a lot of germans even care about the sudeten germans issue anymore . 
  so i do n't understand what is there to talk about , it 's almost 100 years since the end of ww1 . 
  whatever injustices were done then is n't relevant anymore . 
  nowadays you have your own country , austrians have their own country and we have our own country and we all respect each other as good neighbours should . 
  so i genuinely do n't understand what benefits you think it would have to try open this topic again . 
  i can only tell you that if you tried discussing this in the czech republic , telling people how we should have given up sudetenland , you would only upset the vast majority of the people . 
  and i would n't even try bringing up any similar thing in poland . 
  there is no way to discuss this sensitively . 
  you said it yourself , it 's a taboo . 
  poor ? 
  well compared to germany , yes , we 're poorer . 
  we 've overcame greece and portugal and are not that far from italy and spain though . 
  underdeveloped ? 
  again , compared to germany , yes , we 're not as developed as you . 
  but when compared to the world , we 're in the highly developed group of countries in hdi . 
  backwards ? 
  our attitudes towards lgbt people are almost the same as in germany , so is the legislation . 
  we 're very relaxed about things like abortion , light drugs , nudity or alcohol . 
  we differ in how welcoming we are towards foreigners though , specially if these foreigners are muslims . 
  depressing ? 
  well i live here and i really do n't think it 's depressing here at all , but i guess that 's subjective . 
   all i want to do is discuss about a difficult historical taboo topic . 
  it is a taboo for a good reason . 
  it 's a sensitive topic and opening the old wounds would just unleash negative emotions on all sides . 
  why ca n't we just all agree that what happened was shit and leave it like that ? 
  i understand that you want to understand the issue from different perspectives , but what you 're saying to me ( or the way i read it ) is that we basically brought the occupation on ourselves , because the creation of czechoslovakia in 1918 was unjust to the german minority . 
  the czech part of czechoslovakia was a small piece of land created on the historic borders of the bohemian kingdom , so saying that we should have handed over a part of it to germany , when germans already had their own countries in europe , is frankly just offensive . 
  we were a small non-agressive country . 
  i do n't think staying within the historic bohemian borders was really too much to ask . 
   did you know that german-speakers have been the second biggest group in pre ww2 czechoslovakia , bigger than slovavicians ? 
  yes . 
  that was actually the reason why we ( czechs and slovaks ) joined our forces in the first place . 
  because we did n't want to be outnumbered in our own country by either germans or hungarians ( in the case of slovakia ) . 
   what are the reasons in your opinions that slovakians didnt want to remain part of czechoslovakia but wanted to become independent as well ? 
  actually the split did n't have a majority support in neither czechia nor slovakia , although it was supported more in slovakia than in czechia . 
  it was a political decision . 
  slovakia at that point was led by nationalists , the czech republic was led by politicians who thought that slovakia is slowing us down , so they did n't really care about trying to persuade slovak 's leadership to change their mind . 
  there were also different views on how our foreign and economic policies should look like . 
  but that point is , it was n't some `` from the bottom to the top '' process . 
  there was no referendum for it . 
  politicians decided it and it turned out to be a fairly good decision for both countries . 
  but we still see slovaks as the nation closest to us and vice versa . 
  there is no animosity between us . 
  they always win in our opinion polls about different countries and we win in theirs . 
  in fact , many of slovaks live in the czech republic and they are hardly considered foreigners . 
  bohemia was a primarely kingdom of ethnic czechs . 
  there were germans living there as well , but they were never a majority . 
  after ww1 a czechoslovak state was established , composed primarely from ethnic czechs and slovaks .
