  some are somewhere in the middle and would prefer trying to saboutauge the entire concept of multi speed europe so that they do n't have to make the decision whether to be in the core or not . 
  our attitude will really depend on what kind of government we have after the next elections . 
  as for other v4 countries - slovakia has euro , so if there 's multi-speed eu , they 're likely to be in the core , just because the core will likely be between eurozone countries . 
  poland and hungary are weird cases . 
  their populations are way more supportive of the eu than the czech public , but their governments are currently way more likely to go hard against the eu than the current czech government . 
  in poland , there 's a perspective for a change after the next elections , in hungary , not so much . 
  i can not see the czech republic lobbying poland or hungary to change their stance . 
  v4 works very well in areas where we agree , in other cases , it gets dysfunctional pretty quickly . 
  however i would like to add something to what you mentioned in your previous post - that if we do n't like the current arrangements , we can/should leave and seek swiss or norwegian solution . 
  there seems to be a wide-spread opinion on this subreddit , that v4 countries are just leeches who do not bring anything positive to the eu and if they were to leave , the eu would hardly notice . 
  while i agree that it would hurt us more if we left than it would hurt the rest of the eu , it is not true that it would n't cause any damage to you . 
  v4 as a whole is a bigger market to german exports than the us or france is . 
  the famous cohesion funds are negligible compared to the amount of dividents that are taken out of our economies to the western europe . 
  and even if we ignore the economic consequences , then consider the political consequences . 
  if the eu goes in the direction that it wants to completely antagonize us , basically force us to leave , then you 're going to force us into a corner , basically you would put us in a ` nothing to lose ' scenario . 
  in that case , i can see us playing a trojan horse for the uk in the brexit negotiations , i can see a space for plenty of other escalations that would n't help anyone , it would only damage all sides . 
  and for what exactly ? 
  the quota system does n't work . 
  everyone knows this , including the commission . 
  the relocated people are n't staying in their assigned countries and there are no effective ways to force them to . 
  it is completely pointless to pick such a huge fight over this . 
  it just does n't make any sense . 
  it just wastes political capital on all sides which could be used to actually help solve the roots of the crisis . 
   so you 'd be in favour of a multi speed union then ? 
  what do you mean by ` you ' ? 
  me personally , the czech public or the czech political representation ? 
  or the entire v4 ? 
  no way . 
  people over here are very afraid of religious fundamentalism and also extremely sensitive about the the notion of some outside power forcing their will on us . 
  i 'm not saying that ` this is the ussr all over again ' , but it triggers this type of reactions here . 
  we already were quite eurosceptic over here , the eu is n't seen here in the same way as in romania . 
  okay , but you understand that the political situation in romania does n't necessarily have to be the same everywhere ? 
  the local opposition here is stronger . 
  the eu is also in general less popular here . 
  and as i said , we are in a pre-election period . 
  not just the parliamentary elections , but also presidential . 
   just agree to accept more then . 
  but that 's what our politicians are n't willing to do . 
  our public is strongly against the plan and we have elections this october . 
  agreeing to the plan would basically be a political suicide . 
  it 's just not possible , not at this point . 
   like offer money instead , if it 's possible and the eu accepts this proposal . 
  we did that . 
  it 's what the slovak proposal called ` effective solidarity ' was about . 
  money and material instead of taking refugees . 
  it was n't accepted . 
  tha same thing here , only at least you have your inexperience as an excuse , we are in the eu for a longer time and we 're still so painfully slow in absorbing the money . 
  i 'm not sure if i follow what you 're saying , what part of the statement do you think western europeans would n't agree ? 
  at this moment , he has a pretty strong position , but if the elections go as catastrophically for \u010cssd as the polls show , he will be absolutely done . 
  there 's no way he could continue if they score some 10-15 % . 
  ` most used ' does n't mean ` the only acceptable ' . 
  and actually , people give meanings to words , language is a flexible and evolving thing , so yes , if large enough group of people starts using some word in some specific way , there can be a change of meaning among the group . 
  or what are you going to do , forbid the group from using that word in that specific context ? 
  over here we sometimes use ` central europe ' for v4 countries , slovenia and croatia and ` western europe ' for germany and austria . 
  there 's no fixed definition for this , different regions use these terms differently . 
  just as it is stupid for us to get pissed when western europeans do not use the terminology we prefer , it is also stupid for you to tell other people how they 're allowed to use these terms . 
   if poland and others can ignore this decision , why should say germany ever bother participating in an eu army ? 
  you do n't have to , nobody forces you . 
  you ( germany ) seem to be interested in further defense integration without any pressure from other european countries , so go and ask your german politicians why they think it 's in germany 's interest to have closer defense cooperation within the eu , if you ca n't see a reason for it . 
  we 're suing it at the eu 's court of justice , so there 's a chance that it gets revoked . 
  if not , then we still have 15 months to comply with the directive , so we 're not breaching any rules now . 
   no other relevant party supports eu like he , not even other members of his party . 
  that 's just your wishful thinking , not a fact . 
  kdu-\u010csl and top 09 both support the eu and both have a realistic chance in getting in the parliament . 
  also , sobotka is hardly the only pro-eu politician within the social democrats . 
  ano is basically neutral to the eu - neither supportive but also not dismissive . 
  babi\u0161 is against euro , but i do n't think he would have such a big issue with further defense integration , specially since all these new cooperation projects are started while ano has a defense ministry under them and you never hear them complain about it . 
   you 'll notice that the numbers isis are actually able to recruit in europe are rather low . 
  i guess it depends on what you consider low . 
  i think thousands of european jihadists from countries like france , belgium or the uk who went to fight with isis in iraq and syria is n't really a low number . 
   if integration had failed in any large numbers , we 'd see far more problems , riots , gangs , random violence . 
  not that these things do n't exist , but they 're hardly exclusive to muslim . 
  yeah , but there is quite a lot of problematic neighbourhoods in western european cities with lots of people of immigrant background , very often from maghreb countries . 
  just recently there was an article how in certain paris neighbourhood , women are harrased in streets basically on daily bases . 
   the question of what can actually be done is therefore a complicated one . 
  that is true and i do n't pretend to be an expert on this . 
  i really have no idea what we countries should do , it 's up to you . 
   banning all muslims migrants wo n't solve the current issues and wo n't solve future problems . 
  not for western europe , but it can help eastern europe avoid getting in the same situation that we is now . 
  even though an overall ban on all muslim migrants is of course an extreme measure . 
  stricter control should do just fine for us , given that we 're not a target of muslim immigration in the first place . 
  you must extremely suck at absorbing the money , otherwise i ca n't see a logical explanation for that . 
  well it 's not completely untrue that migrants bring terrorism , since you know ... the 2nd and 3rd generation would n't be in europe , if the 1st generation did n't come . 
  but i agree that at this point , banning migration wo n't solve the problem for we . 
  it can solve it for ee though . 
  having large muslim communities simply raises the chances of having terror attacks ( even though it 's of course not the only factor ) . 
  so not having these communities lowers the chances . 
  i have very little faith in the capabilities of both our society and authorities and the migrants from mena themselves to integrate in ee countries , so not allowing them to come in large numbers is from my perspective the only effective way to avoid having the same kind of communities as some of the we countries . 
  not that mena migrants want to come here anyway , so luckily we do n't really have to worry about this too much . 
  honestly , i really do n't understand this argument . 
  how is it relevent whether it was someone from the recent migrant wave or someone from the 2nd or 3rd generation ? 
  if anything , it is actually even worse that it was someone born in europe , because it shows that the integration has not worked out very well in some cases . 
  i actually find it way more alarming that people who were born and grew up in europe are willing to blow themselves up , or run over some people with a van , than if it was people who just recently came to europe . 
  because it the second case , you can at least try to prevent it by tightening immigration checks . 
  in the first case you just know you have a serious problem with integration when your own citizens are murdering their fellow nationals in suicide attacks . 
  it is absolutely bollocks . 
  it does n't help anyone . 
  the refugees are pissed because they have to go to countries where they do n't want to go . 
  cee countries are pissed because they have to take refugees they do n't want . 
  we countries will eventually be pissed as well , because the majority of the assigned migrants end up in their countries anyway .
