  the council also votes on most things through qmv . 
  so while it 's not accurate to say that everything can be forced through the majority vote , lots of things can be voted through like this . 
  including the refugee relocation scheme . 
  to be fair though , they added `` stop !, 
  because of cancer '' in the big blue font . 
  but yeah , blesk is a bit like czech daily mail . 
  yeah , right , what a great adventure that is not gon na end up with them spending years in turkish prison . 
  and no , i 'm not aware that people are somehow universally attracted to war-ridden places , i would actually say that most people are attracted to safe places , but i guess you 're right that some people indeed do look for some kind of dangerous excitement . 
  but obviously such behaviour has its risks as these two now learnt the hard way . 
   remember , every kurdish armed group in turkey is as a response to turkey turkifying us . 
  the same way russia did to your people . 
  but apparently if they do it to czechs it makes it different , i dont know why . 
  ok , if you really want to compare these two situations , then i 'm going to tell you what 's different about it . 
  there were n't any czech people blowing themselves up in russian cities , or otherwise killing russian civilians . 
  we did n't terrorize anyone , not even after the 1968 invasion . 
  even our revolution in 1989 was non-violent . 
  that 's why it is called ` velvet revolution ' . 
  the methods of kurds in turkey are far from peaceful . 
   you already picked your side by blaming ypg despite ypg never having fired a bullet against turkey . 
  turkey does n't see ypg as bad because of pkk , but because ypg brings the kurdish identity back . 
  turkey has been against a kurdish identity and has called us mountain turks in teh past . 
  yeah , i get that it 's really difficult to deal with turkey . 
  and yeah , i believe you that turkey is n't worried about ypg purely because of their ties to pkk , but also because they do n't really want to see any independent kurdish state right at their borders . 
  and why not ? 
  because they have a huge kurdish minority in their country and their worry that it would only further boost their separatist tendencies . 
  and it so happens that the vast majority of countries fight against separatist tendencies . 
  and yes , it 's a shitty situation for the kurds . 
  i 'm sorry you 're in this shitty situation . 
  but it 's simply not in our power to resolve this . 
  you know , when russians invaded our country in 1968 , plenty of other countries also felt bad for us . 
  but nobody helped us , because it was just not possible . 
  i do n't blame them for it , the circumstances were just not allowing it . 
   this woman was n't there to fight turkey . 
  ypg has never fired a bullet against turkey on its own , it is turkey who attacks ypg . 
  she was there to help the kurdish people fight against isis . 
  this has nothing to do with turkey at all but you keep bringing turkey in . 
  actually no , she was well aware that isis is not such a pressing issue anymore and that the kurds are now going to be more so in a conflict with turkey . 
  i know that because she was in czech media and she was absolutely open about it . 
  i could send you a link , but it 's all in czech , so you would n't understand that . 
  i 'm sorry , i did not mean to offend kurdish people . 
  however the reality is that isis is largely defeated in syria and iraq . 
  nowadays kurds in syria have more so conflicts with turkey and turkey-backed militia . 
  and you just can not frame the relationship between turks and kurds as black and white thing where all turks are opressors and all kurds are victims . 
  pkk is a terrorist organization and ypg has ties to pkk . 
  i do n't mean to pick sides in this turkish-kurdish conflict . 
  i simply condemn terror practices on all sides . 
  i certainly do n't look at kurds as second class people just because turkey is in nato . 
  the truth is that european countries actually have just worse and worse relations with turkey despite their membership in nato . 
  however the turkish-kurdish conflict is not our conflict . 
  we 're not in tha place where we could influence it . 
  i can understand your desire to have your own country , i can even symphatize with that , but ultimately there 's nothing we can really do about it . 
  and do n't post about it all over your social media . 
  turkish officials literaly just could find all the evidence necessary by opening her facebook account . 
   they defy stereotypes , they did what they believed in , they fought for other people freedom . 
  they got involved in the conflict in syria , which is basically a clusterfuck of epic proportions , there are no good guys there who just fight for freedom . 
  arguably , the kurds are one of the better sides of the conflict , but they 're definitely not perfect . 
  if they were only in contact with the peshmerga , then that would be something different , but they were in contact with ypg and ypg has ties to pkk , which as you probably know is a terrorist organization not just according to turkey , but also according to the eu and the czech republic . 
  i get that their motivation probably were idealistic and that they really believed that they 're doing the right thing , but that does n't make them some white knights in shining armour fighting for other people 's freedom . 
  what should i be proud about ? 
  that got involved in a conflict that they should have not sticked their nose in . 
  the girl at least traveled to the kurdish part of syria several times , was even already detained once , our foreign ministry got her out and warned her not to go back , she was told about all the risks so she very well knew how turkey looks at ypg . 
  it 's one thing to go there in times when isis was on rise and the kurds were fighting it , it 's another thing to do it when isis was already forced to largely witdraw from syria and when the conflict is more between turkey and the kurds . 
  obviously i do n't wish turkish prisons for them , specially since as foreigners accused of cooperating with ypg , they will probably receive really bad treatment . 
  but at the same time , they acted really stupid despite knowing the risks they were taking . 
  and if you do go to the kurds in syria , do n't be so dumb to return back through turkey . 
  well our econonomy was showing signs of over-heating , so this is a logical step i guess . 
  i would n't be surprised if they increased the rates a bit more in autumn again . 
  the thing is that it 's not really credible to go full confrontational against poland , when the commission clearly has a different approach towards orb\u00e1n . 
   whatever deal orban made with them . 
  yeah , that 's what i was thinking . 
  there must be some inside deal between orb\u00e1n and some of the epp figures . 
   asked about the difference between dealing with the polish leadership and hungary 's prime minister viktor orb\u00e1n , juncker said : `` well , i 've got a caring relationship with orb\u00e1n . 
  we talk regularly , i see him regularly -- even if it 's not always made public -- because i think i do not want to lose hungary . '' he did n't make the same pledge about poland , or even mention it . 
  wtf , did orb\u00e1n bribe him or why on earth is he talking about him as if they were best buddies . 
   a7 poland , then it 's possible to a7 hungary , and that 's two without a political voice and thus down . 
  it 's not possible to a7 poland , because hungary would vote against it . 
  it is also not possible to a7 hungary , because poland would be against . 
  it 's possible that other countries would be against it too . 
   well , unanimity was required to impose sanctions on russia -- the ongoing suspense from will country x defect this vote had been a staple of the russian sanctions coverage . 
  yeah , i remember that too , but eu legislation is complicated and i find it weird that juncker would openly threaten with retaliations if he did n't think it was a credible threat . 
  perhaps he has different type of retaliation in mind , not necessarily counter-sanctions . 
  polish ministry of foreign affairs already published a statement saying they welcome the sanctions . 
  do you have any source for saying that sanctions can only be adopted by unanimous vote though ? 
   the people living in the east understand the russians better than some dane , brit , or american ever will , and they do n't seem to agree with your assessment with respect to russia 's view of what is to be gained from additional conquest . 
  but ... but , you do n't get it , eastern europeans are just paranoid , they always cry about everything russia does because they have this annoying victim mentality complex . 
  you ca n't take them seriously , they just see threats where there are n't any / s. 
  of course , but literaly millions of people from cee have made it to we despite the language barriers . 
  it 's definitely doable . 
  also the guy i was recommending it to , already clearly speaks english . 
  well , if you have the right qualifications , it 's not that hard to find a job as an eu-worker in other eu countries . 
  plenty of people from cee have done it . 
  germany and the uk both have very low unemployment rates , there 's plenty of opportunities there . 
  i 'm just saying , if you 're unsatisfied with your life , then you should take active steps to improve it . 
  the eu freedom of movement already makes it easier for you than for the vast majority of other non-eu people in the world . 
  but i mean - why not ? 
  i agree with you - salaries are higher in the west . 
  and we have freedom of movement in the eu . 
  i get that it 's not so easy to move if you already have family ties somewhere , but you certainly would n't be the first to move with a family . 
  relocating in the eu is really not that hard . 
  you do n't need work permits , you just have to find a job and you can go .
