  the roots of the refugee issue are largely geopolitical . 
  but regardless of that , an issue does n't have to be of a geopolitical nature to be of core importance to a country . 
  as i said , refugees and ns2 are obviously different issues , the principle is the same though . 
  oh , please . 
  none of the refugees have any interest in coming to any v4 country . 
  we ca n't deny solidarity to someone that does n't want our solidarity . 
  but if we want to pretend like germany cares so much about the plight of ordinary people , then they would n't be heavily undermining ukraine 's financial , energetical or geopolitical position through ns2 since this can potentionally deteriorate the situation in eastern ukraine and cause plenty of suffering to ukrainian people . 
  you 're right that v4 stance on refugees is partly populism , but it 's not just that . 
  it 's also the desire to maintain the control over who comes into our country on the national level not on the eu level , since that kind of arrangement fits the interests of our countries better . 
  of course it 's not a completely same situation , however the principle is the same . 
  in issues which are of a core importance , countries take hard line defending their interests even if it means screwing over other eu countries . 
  the issue of the refugees quotas are different in the sense that it 's actually a binding law , but then it heavily depends on the influence of the member countries what gets passed as a law and what does n't and we all know that germany has the most influence . 
  if this was the other way around and ns2 would significantly harm germany 's interests , i 'm sure they would already find a way to block it through the eu . 
  yeah . 
  at least you can see on this issue that it 's not just v4 or ee that behaves this way . 
  all countries act like this on issues which are of a primary importance to them , we included despite them bashing v4 for a lack of solidarity every second week now . 
  there is no correct side . 
  each side is simply defending its own interests . 
  this is a very important energy security and geopolitical issue for both germany and ee , so obviously , ` european solidarity ' goes out of the window in this situation . 
  under international law , you can not deport anyone to unsafe countries . 
  the people which got relocated through the quota system all come from unsafe countries . 
  it 's essentially syrians and eritreans . 
  thus , you can not deport them no matter what they do . 
  they can leave their assigned countries to germany as many times as they want and you still could not return them back to syria or eritrea . 
  people who flee violence or prosecution can still be opportunists and look for the best possible conditions for themselves . 
  evidently my country does not fullfill their expectations and that 's why i do n't feel any obligation to accept them in my country . 
  they do n't want to be here . 
  we do n't want to keep them here by force and waste money on them when they clearly are n't interested in our help . 
  simple as that . 
  i do not deny that the situation in turkey/jordan/lebanon was/is quite shit . 
  but that is the case in dozens of other african , asian or south american countries . 
  that 's just the brutal reality of our world - millions of people live in very shitty conditions . 
  that does n't mean we can welcome all of them to europe . 
   and while i understand them making use of the situation to take that opportunity , it should still be stopped . 
  well unless you decide to abolish schengen , which is not gon na happen , it wo n't be possible to stop this . 
  you can try catching people and returning them back , but they can just do it again . 
  since they come from an unsafe country , they ca n't be deported back home and they know it . 
  so there 's really no credible threat that you can use against them that would deter them from leaving their assign countries . 
  and frankly , i do n't see why my country should participate on such system at all . 
  why should we waste czech taxpayers ' money on people who neither want nor appreciate our help is beyond me . 
  uhm , yep , it is possible to reject it , at least our legal system allows it . 
  a person can apply for the asylum , get it and then formally ask for the termination of the asylum status if he/she wants . 
  it 's perfectly possible under the czech legislation . 
   germany is quite overburdened at the moment i agree they 're overburdened , but they will be once again overburdened if a similar crisis happens again , so that same problem will happen again . 
   the current climate in some countries vis-\u00e0-vis refugees is quite hostile so there is an incentive to leave these countries if you do n't see a stable and safe future . 
  look , i feel like western europeans are just so terribly naive about the refugees . 
  i 'm not going so far to not call them refugees , since they legally are refugees , but that does n't mean that they 're not massive opportunists . 
  they could have a safe and stable future in countries like lithuania . 
  they could also have it in the czech republic . 
  in gdp ppp per capita , we 're the richest post-communist country . 
  we have the lowest unemployement in the eu and a positive net immigration rate , so evidently , we 're not as unattractive to foreigners as you might think . 
  the public opinion also was n't against them when they arrived , since they were christians , not muslims . 
  yet it was n't enough , because germany simply offers more . 
  plus there are already big communities of their nationals in western countries . 
  the people coming to europe are not coming here for safety , no matter whether they 're economic migrants or refugees . 
  they already had safety , in jordan , lebanon or turkey . 
  they come here for better economic prospects which is quite understandable . 
  they payed huge amounts of money to the smugglers to get to europe . 
  thousands of dollars per person . 
  the very fact that they had these sums of money means that they were lagerly middle or upper middle class back home , not some poor-ass people who would be grateful for a shelter and some food . 
  no , these people have expectations . 
  they want houses , they want well-payed jobs , they want to live among their fellow nationals , they want to be able to send money to their relatives back home . 
  and they think they will get this in germany . 
  they sure as hell did n't pay thousands of dollars to smuggler just to be stuck somewhere in the frozen baltics . 
   if the deadline under dublin has passed it means they have not received asylum in the czech republic . 
  they have received it , but they formally rejected it . 
   so if the refugees do n't stay in their countries , how come italy , hungary etc. 
  are full of refugees ? 
  hungary is not full of refugees anymore . 
  almost all the refugees that were stucked in hungary left to germany . 
  with greece and italy it is more complicated , specially in the case of greece . 
  greece is in schengen , but it does n't have any land borders with other schengen countries , they 're surrounded by non-schengen countries which means the refugees ca n't leave greece as easily as they can leave for example the czech republic . 
  in 2015 , they amount of people coming to greece and leaving greece through the balkan route to the western europe got too large and eventually , the balkan countries started to close their borderds , so essentially , it became impossible for the migrants to leave greece . 
  macedonia has simply not allowed them on their territory . 
  in the case of italy , the migrants have actually been arriving there and leaving to western europe years before the main crisis happened . 
  where do you think all the africans in the camps such as in calais come from ? 
  however similarely to greece , the numbers started to be too high , so countries neighbouring italy started to control trains and started to have temporary border controls , so it also became more and more difficult for the migrants to leave italy . 
  so essentially , the migrants/refugees were largely leaving greece and italy and it was only when the numbers became untolerably large when other countries started to physically prevent them from doing so . 
  but in the case of ee countries , the numbers of refugees they accepted are so low that it 's not worth it for we countries to start heavily policing schengen borders between poland and germany or the czech republic and germany . 
  that 's why it 's so easy for the refugees to leave from our countries . 
   ok so some could stay based on family ties ? 
  a few of them , but the rest was simply allowed to stay , because they managed to avoid being returned for long enough , so that the deadline under dublin passed . 
  after that , they could just re-apply again . 
   they are staying for the most part though . 
  how do you know ? 
  for example news reports from lithuania and latvia were saying that the absolutely vast majority of ` their ' refugees left . 
  in poland and the czech republic , it was also the majorities . 
  in the case of romania and bulgaria , they refugees are even outright refusing to go there and dropping from the plan once they learn that they 're to be relocated there . 
  but essentially we rely on news services for information about this . 
  the commission regularely releases reports about the relocations , yet they never ever include information about how many people stay in their assigned countries . 
  this makes me think that the reality is probably even worse that what the news reports show , otherwise the commission would already try to dispel such news . 
  yet you never hear them talking about it . 
  they do n't address the issue at all , they do n't provide any information and that 's because they themselves must know that the quota system does n't work , they just do n't want to admit it . 
   that is impossible . 
  well , but it happened . 
  they came here , got asylum , then they sent a letter to our interior ministry formally rejecting the asylum and left to germany . 
  and they were allowed to stay there . 
  germany had full cooperation of our authorities , which even asked them to return the iraqis to us , but they were still not returned . 
  so this is how the rules are being enforced within the eu . 
  i should note that these refugees were not brought here under the relocation programme , it was a different resettlement programme bringing people directly from the middle east , not from italy or greece .
