  i would say that this is because in the czech republic the word `` tolerance '' also mostly happens to mean `` indifference '' . 
  the attitude basically is - `` it does n't concern me , so i do n't care '' . 
  and obviously with this attitude , you ca n't expect people to actually actively fight for gays rights . 
  though if you look at opinion polls , the majority of people already are in favour of gay marriage ( 51 % for , 43 % against and 74 % for civil unions vs 21 % against it ) , they 're also in favour of one partner adopting the biological child of the other partner ( 62 % vs 29 % ) , and even in the case of full adoption , more people agree with it than disagree ( 48 % vs 43 % ) . 
  still not many people in favour of these things care about them strongly enough to actually push for the changes and on the contrary the people who are against are rather vocal . 
  plus there 's this thing that we very often happen to have our small christian democrat party in the government , since they 're centrist in pretty much everything expect for these kind of social issues , so they can go to coalition with almost anyone . 
  they 're like the perfect small coalition partner for both left and right wing parties . 
  and with them in the government , i do n't really expect any significant changes to pass , unfortunately . 
  good , two mums or two dads are much better for a kid than no parents at all . 
  however we still need to change this weird legal situation . 
  gay couples nowadays actually still ca n't adopt as couples . 
  they can only adopt as individuals so that means only one of the couple has the legal status of the parent of the child . 
  this is because only married couples have the right to adopt a child as a couple in the czech republic , non-married people can only adopt as individuals . 
  the problem is that gay couples still do n't have the option to marry , they only have this thing called `` registered partnership '' which gives them pretty much the same rights as married couples , except for adoption rights . 
  so then we have this weird situation when gay individuals can adopt a child , but gay couples ca n't . 
  which is just absurd and it 's also very inconvinient for the gay couples , because if something were to happen to the one who has the legal status of a parent , the other partner would have no legal connection to the child . 
  ok , perhaps there are people who mind . 
  but for the vast majority , it 's a non-issue . 
  from the czech perspective , it 's really weird how quickly we got from the relative nervousness of the early 90s when germany was reunificating and we still did n't have all the basic questions of our past settled ( i.e. 
  the sudetengermans issue ) , to here , when we put a small part of our military under german command . 
  and absolutely nobody minds about it . 
  that would be unimaginable in the early 90s . 
   also a good chunk of these stereotypes are prussian stereotypes and i would say that czechia is unsuprsingly more like the german regions it is bordering . 
  well to be honest , i 'm not really that aware about the different stereotypes of the different german regions , other than that bavarians consume more beer than other germans , so i can see how we might be similar in that regard . 
  also with saxony we share the same post-communist past , so that for sure will also mean that our views towards certain issues will be closer than with the rest of germany . 
  i actually was trying to describe the general sentiment , not to pass my own value judgement , although in this particular case i also happen to share some of the general czech sentiment in the sense that i think that the attitude of a part of german public really was naive and overly optimistic . 
  sorry , i 'm not a linguist/etymology expert , so i ca n't tell you how it 's possible that slovak and czech developed to be more similar than for example czech and polish . 
  no , but germany has both . 
  trade surplus and government surplus . 
  austerity directly affects government spending and government spending is important to infrastructure , research , education and other areas which are important to the future potentional of the country to generate economic growth . 
  it can also stimulate domestic demand in the times of a crisis . 
  it 's simply not possible for all countries to generate huge government surpluses and not spend this money . 
  if every single country was generating surpluses relatively as large to their economy size , as germany , the system would implode . 
  we 're not as similar as you might assume based on the fact that we shared a country together . 
  what people often do n't realize is that czechoslovakia was only established in 1918 and the reason why we joined forces was that we had other dominant nations around us ( germans , hungarians ) and so we thought that together we 'd have a bigger shot to survive as a country . 
  but before that , we never were together in some sort of state entity . 
  that being said , we 're pretty similar , just not as much as you might think . 
  lgbt acceptance is one of the areas where we differ . 
  slovakia was also traditonally more religious and rural-oriented than czechia . 
  government spending is important to the overall economic performance of the country . 
  the government policy can either help or hinder the economic growth . 
  so far example if the us suddenly started with protectionist policies combined with strict austerity measures with the aim to get their public spending in the black numbers , then you can be sure this would absolutely affect german exports to the us . 
  i know . 
  i was just , partly jokingly , hinting on the relatively common czech attitude when we like to associate ourselves with germany/austria in aspects that we consider positive , but we distance ourselves from aspects that we consider negative . 
  for example we like to think that we have similar work ethics like germany , but at the same time , we 're not as rigid and unspontaneous . 
  this goes for political issues as well . 
  we like to think that we 're almost as accepting of lgbt as germany , but when it comes to the migrant issue , we 're way more reasonable than you , because we do n't naively welcome muslim immigrants into our country . 
  basically what i 'm trying to say is that we like to cherry pick things that we like about germany and say `` see , we 're like this too '' , but when it comes to the negative things , we 're suddenly like `` but this in particular does n't apply to us '' . 
  it 's quite simple , really . 
  we only want into germanic when it means something positive , like in this case . 
  in other cases , not so much . 
  it would indeed be funny to see what germany would do if every country in the world took their advice on how to solve economic problems and adopted strict austerity policy . 
  who would then import all the german export ? 
  well you mention several countries in the eastern europe which have some of these problems ( too strong nationalism , illberal tendencies , pro-russian attitudes ) , but they do not necessarily have all these problems at once . 
  some countries might be overly nationalistic , but they 're not pro-russia . 
  other countries are rather pro-russia but do not have nationalistic or illiberal tendencies . 
  also in some countries it 's just some of the political figures who are problematic ( for example the president ) , while the government is not as problematic . 
  then you do n't mention all the other countries in the eastern europe , which are neither overly nationalistic , illiberal of pro-russia . 
  that imo is generalizing . 
   we used to see ourselves as the stable eu country in a sea of nationalism , illiberalism , pro-russian eastern europe . 
  yeah , right ... that 's like not generalizing at all . 
  yeah , i know we 're not alone in this , but the czech republic happens to be the country i live in , so i feel like i 'm entitled to bitch about it . 
  we have the general elections in october and the two strongest parties ( currently in a government together ) are at each other 's throats . 
  the leader of the party ( ano ) that is currently leading the polls also happens to be the second richest man in the czech republic and he 's nowadays under fire because of inconsistencies in his tax records . 
  it 's a fairly complicated issue from the legal point of view , but afaik it seems like he ( technically speaking ) did n't do anything illegal , he however used some legal loopholes to save money on taxes . 
  the journalists from the public tv started digging into it and this produced a pretty hilarious footage when they ask him whether he can disclose his income and he , already clearly frustrated , started incoherently saying : `` and why should i disclose all my income to you ? 
  like , sorry ... are you disclosing income to anyone ? 
  or who is disclosing income here in the last 22 years ? 
  why is this your business ? '', 
  this created a meme storm in the czech internet . 
  people started sending pictures of their tax return forms , where they filled the parts about their income by quoting these sentences . 
  specially the `` like sorry '' part was massively shared on facebook and it was particularely hilarious , since he did n't actually use the czech word for `` sorry '' , he used the english word , which is widely understood in the czech republic , it only has slightly different connotations - it is basically more so used among the youth and usually you would n't use it as an honest apology , it more so says something like `` okay , i see i should apologize , but nothing so bad actually happened , right , so stop being so butthurt '' . 
  so the hashtag #sorryjako became a trend on the social media and people started creating pictures and using the `` sorry jako '' apology in different contexts . 
  in general this guy is considered to be this quite type , generally very polite , patient , but also uncharismatic and boring . 
  he 's apparently getting pretty desperate , since in the polls his party is significantly falling behind ano . 
  se he went to facebook and wrote a status in which he literaly said that babi\u0161 `` fucked over '' the state with his tax returns . 
  and this is a guy who in his 20 years in politics probably never used a curse word in public . 
  probably some pr agency told him that he needed to look like a tough guy . 
  meanwhile babi\u0161 ( leader of the ano party ) accused the journalists of the public tv of being corrupted because `` they never publish anything positive about him '' . 
  when he was pressed whether he has any evidence of their corruption , he of course did n't provide any , but still refused to apologize ( no , not even sorry jako apology ) . 
  tldr : when i think about the state of the czech political scene , i do n't know whether to cry or laugh . 
   we know that you know it , poles know it , people in this region generally know it and other europeans mostly know it as well . 
  but not everybody actually has the kind of knowlegde about ww2 that we here consider absolutely normal . 
  i 've recently talked with a british guy , middle-aged , educated , not some dumb ass chav . 
  he had absolutely no idea that bohemia and moravia were nazi-occupied territories . 
  that made an awkward moment when he asked whether we have a jewish minority in the czech republic and i was like `` well unfortunately not so much anymore '' . 
  and he was like : `` what do you mean , not anymore ? '', 
  and for a second i did n't know whether he was serious , but it turned out he really did n't know , so i had to explain to him what happened here in the 1938-45 period . 
  so i would n't really count on everyone to know all the facts about ww2 . 
  specially people from outside of europe might really not know . 
   i hear someone talking about how outrageous it is that we removed saddam i feel like someone who helped liberate concentration camps in europe being told how outrageous it is that we removed hitler from power because he maintained order and was good for the economy . 
  it 's not outrageous that you removed saddam hussain . 
  he was a monster , there 's no doubt about that . 
  however what is outrageous is that you removed him , but failed to replace him with a different functioning government . 
  you dismantled the iraqi army and left millions of young men without a job and perspective . 
  you completely underestimated how differently the societies in the middle east work and how extremely difficult it will be to replicate western-style democracy there , specially in the era of the war on terror when americans fighting in majority-muslim lands are pretty much guaranteed to attract the attention of jihadists from all over the world . 
  and then when things did n't go as smoothly as was expected , you said `` fuck it , let 's get out of here '' despite knowing that iraq is nowhere as stable as necessary and is simply not capable of ensuring the safety of the civilian population . 
  i 'm sorry , but you fucked that country up . 
  and not just iraq , isis spread to syria from there , they 're also active in libya , they 're doing terror attacks in turkey and europe . 
  of course the situation in iraq was also absolutely horrible under saddam , but this is just the sad reality of our world .
