  but seriously , our bureaucrats have often no idea wtf they 're doing , specially if the rules were changed recently , or if they 're working at an office which does n't need to handle eu funds very often , or if they 're new at the job , or if they have to handle some new type of project . 
  so then they will fuck something up and everything will get delayed and a year before the programme period ends , everyone 's in full panic mode `` omg , money were allocated here and it will look bad if we do n't spend them , so quickly , just spend it on something now '' . 
  as a result you have the money spend on often useless projects , or alternatively you have very low absorbtion rates . 
  so it 's not like all the money get stolen ( even though it does happen ) because our politicians purposefully do n't want to move to the net contributing position . 
  i think not even orb\u00e1n intentionally wants to hinder hungary 's economic growth , as that could eventually backfire on him as well . 
  but the situation was like this for quite a long time now . 
  it 's not a new situation that the us is spending way more on military than european countries . 
  the significant reduction of military budgets came after the end of cw in the early 90s , that 's now over 25 years ago , so there already was enough time for trying to fix it , if it indeed was such a big issue . 
  well , then staying in nato actually is profitable for the us too . 
  you were making it sound as if you were in only for charity and as if it did n't benefit you enough . 
  so if it 's so frustrating and if it 's seen that nato does n't bring the us any benefits ( or not enough benefits for it to be worth it ) why did n't the us leave already ? 
  it 's not like we can keep you in nato by force . 
  if it was such a big issue , then what 's still keeping you in ? 
  i guess it 's a legitimate wish that a significant number of europeans have and it 's their right to advocate for federal europe , however federalists should also acknowledge that other europeans have different , but also legitimate wishes on how the eu should operate . 
  the eu itself should not choose what kind of goal it will work towards , the eu should respect whatever goal the majority of eu citizens see as desirable . 
  because that 's how democracy works . 
  the public is not ready for this . 
  ask pretty much anywhere in the eu and you will still have majority of people identifying with their country/town/region first and europe second . 
  trying to impose this european identity on people against their will will only create a backlash and rise of even more euroscepticism . 
  that was an internet survey on reflex website , what other result would you expect ? 
  in the [ last representative survey ] ( http://cvvm.soc.cas.cz/media/com_form2content/documents/c1/a7554/f3/pm160502.pdf ) which asked specificaly about staying/leaving the eu , 51 % was for staying , 39 % for leaving and 10 % did n't know . 
  granted , it 's still much lower than the support in other ee countries . 
  the redistribution is just not happening , time to finally get over it and stop insisting that it is the only solution to the crisis . 
  public in the ee is absolutely overwhelmingly against it . 
  you might not like it , but that 's just how it is . 
  the hostility is growing with each terror attack . 
  ee politicians know this and do n't want to commit a political suicide by accepting large numbers of muslim refugees . 
  that 's just the reality and ignoring it or saying `` well i do n't give a fuck what your public thinks '' is not gon na persuade ee leaders to change their mind , let alone the people in ee . 
  at the same time , the refugees do n't want to come here . 
  it 's not because we ca n't provide them with basic living conditions - we 're not that poor to not be able to feed and shelter a few thousands of people . 
  we can not provide them with sweden-like or germany-like conditions though and that 's what they want . 
  it 's not only about financial conditions , but also about the exisiting muslim communities , which can help the newcomers to start their new lifes and which are basically non-existent in ee . 
  basically , it 's a very simple situation - refugees do n't want ee and people in ee do n't want them . 
  everyone is perfectly free to ask for asylum in the czech republic , poland or latvia , yet almost no one does . 
  there is no effective way for the eu to force them to stay here , nor there is an effective way to force us to take them . 
  trying to still push through the redistribution is just wasteing time and energy . 
   the point is that in the same year , he drastically loosened asylum rules . 
  he did that for no other reason than that sd came into the riksdag . 
  he explicitly said it was a punishment to their voters . 
  wtf was wrong with this guy ? 
  is he totally insane or what ? 
  i think ee countries want nato troops not as a sign of solidarity ( that 's just the official explanation ) but as a way to force nato to get involved in case the baltic are attacked . 
  it 's just harder to back away from your commitments if your own soldiers die than it would have been if you had no soldiers there . 
  russia knows this , so nato troops are basically working as a deterrent . 
  as for the possibility to veto future relocation schemes - there 's no guarantee whatsover that it would be possible . 
  it was n't possible last time when the first relocation scheme was voted on by majority and we ended up being outvoted . 
  hungary and slovakia filed a lawsuit because of that , but unless the court decides that such matter indeed should not have been decided by majority , it 's entirely possible that the next relocation scheme ( if there 's one ) could be decided by majority again and thus we would be unable to stop it . 
  of course it 's possible to just refuse to comply , but that would mean breaking the european law . 
  yeah , make holy roman empire great again !, 
  could we take slovaks with us though ? 
  we surrender !, 
  hmm , i have n't thought of that . 
  that would take some careful and sophisticated planning on how to spill that reputation to you though . 
  if we could do that , we would be in , however we demand lifelong free supplies of bratwurst and sauerkraut as reparations for the anschluss . 
  well , duh . 
  of course bundeswehr will come on foot . 
  what else would they use ? 
  their broomsticks ? 
  no , no , no . 
  joining germany that could mean that our reputation would get a boost and refugees might want to come here . 
  imagine that !, 
  nope , sorry , but we ca n't let that happen , we must remain an unattractive hellhole in the eyes of the arab world , our entire imigration strategy stands on that . 
  ha , i knew [ this ] ( http://bigthink.com/strange-maps/germany-just-got-a-bit-bigger ) was not just a coincidence . 
  germany is sneaky this time , but you 're not fooling us . 
  we know where this is going . 
  expect a strongly worded letter any time soon . 
  jeez guys , keep it cool , okay ? 
  we all know how it turned out the last time you tried to make this a thing . 
  just imagine putin 's reaction . 
  he would go totally batshit crazy . 
  by `` all this '' you mean he 's putting a giant ataturk poster at akp building ? 
  is that really so extraordinary ? 
  i thought ataturk in general is a respected figure among most of the turks , even those who are more religious . 
  but anyway , hopefully you 're right and he wo n't use this situation to go after all his opponents . 
  this whole thing is really confusing to us europeans , i would say . 
  we were basically getting non-stop news about how horrible erdogan is in the last couple of months and suddenly we discover that apparently there is a religious cult inside the turkish state institutions which is even worse . 
  sounds like a hydra/shields plot from the avengers , not like something that could actually happen . 
  yeah , but had gulen not betrayed him , he would have never even let the people out of prison , let alone give them back their positions . 
  he 's totally not to be trusted , you ca n't know what he 'll done once he re-establishes his power . 
   come back when he start purging us secularists and kemalists . 
  but he was already doing that before he and gulen parted their ways some years ago , was n't he ? 
  did n't he send the secularists officers in prison even though the `` evidence '' was proven to be fake ? 
  i 'm afraid erdogan has no problems with purging secularists as well once he 's done with the gulenists . 
  that guy wants all the power for himself . 
  or am i wrong ? 
  the more i learn about the situation in turkey the more i see that i was totally blissfully unaware how fucked up the situation was before all this . 
  i mean these people lost 5 years of their lifes in prison and had erdogan and gulen not parted their ways , they would still rot in there . 
   the akp has never been weaker . 
  they look incompetent to the public . 
  but western media is actually helping the akp with their narrative . 
  if it it 's akp vs the rest of the world , most turks will chose the akp . 
  i would just like to point out that many people in the west are just poorly informed , there are not neccesarily some evil anti-turkish intentions behind it . 
  from the western perspective the very idea of having some kind of religious sect infiltrating various state institutitons for some decades and planning a coup sounds absolutely ridiculous . 
  it just seems very hardly believeable . 
  it sounds like a plot from a fucking avengers movie where hydra infilitrated shields , not like something that actually happens in the real world . 
  thus people just dismiss this idea and go with explanations that seem more plausible to them ( i.e. 
  erdogan being behind the coup or secular officers desperately trying to change the course of the country ) . 
  when i first heard erdogan blaming some gulen guy ( that i 've never heard of before ) and his mysterious supporters i was actually laughing at it , because to me it sounded like a complete nonsense . 
  sorry , but other people in this thread already pointed out that erdogan was actually allied with the gulenists some time ago and did nothing ( or even supported it ? ), 
  when they were putting innocent people in jail , so why would you now trust the government that they wo n't put innocent people in jail again ?
