  my point is , it 's simply a nonsense to demand that we take our fair share . 
  even if we did agree , it would never happen . 
  eu should instead work as a one bloc to prevent the migrants from coming here in the first place . 
  which will be hard to do , if the commission wo n't stop fuel anti-eu sentiments by proposing to fine countries for not wanting refugees . 
  another way would be to shift the administrative burden . 
  send to migrants to all member countries , but only for the period when their application is being proccessed . 
  this way greece and italy would not have to deal with so many applications and would not be solely responsible for the return-policy . 
  people here would not bitch about it , because the migrants could be kept in detention centers until their status was resolved , so they would not be seen as a threat . 
  if the applicant got the asylum , he/she would be allowed to move in eu freely and legally . 
  if not , each country would be responsible for his/her deportation . 
  for me the concept of federal europe is not bad in principle , but as for now i do n't believe it would work . 
  i think it would end up with germany and france doing what 's best for germany and france and small countries would have no voice . 
  that could maybe work for other western european countries , because their interests , worldviews and general mindset is similar , but the value gap between western and eastern europe is still too big . 
  western europe has more people and is economically stronger than eastern europe which means more power to push their agenda . 
  in federal europe , this would be even easier for them . 
  there is also a divide between southern and northern europe . 
  these gaps firstly have to get smaller , people would have to believe that we all essentially want the same thing and have the same interests . 
  otherwise they will see eu getting more power as a threat , as something that wants to take the power from them and make decisions which go against their interests . 
  because it 's a dangerous precedent . 
  we would have to shift the control of who comes to our country to brussels . 
  it 's not really about the few thousands refugees that we would get . 
  last year my country actually offered to take a similar number of refugees , which were assigned to us , voluntarily hoping to avoid the commission passing it as law . 
  the mandatory aspect is what our government does n't like about it and they were also worried that if they agreed to this , the commission would propose a pernament system later . 
  which now they did either way . 
  the pernament system is really something we wanted to avoid at any cost , because it basically means we would lose the authority to decide how many people come to our country . 
  granted , some would leave . 
  probably majority of them . 
  but some would be caught and returned and then we would have to deal with frustrated migrants who are forced to stay in our country against their will . 
  plus the public opinion is strictly against , so the politicians are just trying to reflect that, 
   would you accept quotas of people resettled directly from camps in a planned and organized and numerically limited manner ? 
  we tried . 
  more than half left to germany or back to iraq . 
  after that the project was cancelled . 
  so i guess we wo n't be doing that again any time soon . 
  that would never ever happen . 
  germany is the biggest trading partner for each v4 country and all v4 countries combined buy more german products than the us or france . 
  we would have to be extremely idiotic to try to cripple this trading relationship . 
  the us has an advantage of having an ocean separating them from the rest of the world . 
  apart from mexico , there is no other country that could flood them with migrants . 
  so they can control their immigration much better . 
  europe is more vulnerable in this way . 
  so the last year 's immigration - basically hundreds of thousands of people coming at once without a proper control , that would n't work out well anywhere in the world , including the us , that 's just too many people in a short time period . 
  the us only promised to take some 10k of syrian refugees and last time i checked they did n't even deliver on that promise . 
  maybe it would actually force you ( or all of us ) to build our economies on solid foundation . 
  we will not be receiving the funds forever , the next budget will almost certainly have different priorities and not so much money will be allocated to cohesion . 
  we will have to deal with that , sooner or later . 
  either way eu funds are not charity anyway . 
  it 's a deal from which we now arguably profit more , but western countries profit as well and germany is actually one of the countries which profited the most from getting the access to eastern markets . 
  and while we perhaps profit more now , it was the western countries who profited way more in the 90s and early 00s , where they had access to our markets while keeping protective measures for theirs until we joined . 
  so i do n't feel obliged at all to accept this ridiculous proposal , which will solve nothing in the long term , just because of eu funds . 
  greece and italy are in trouble due to their geographical position and they deserve our help , but how is signing a blank cheque with no upper limit and then struggling to keep the migrants in our countries , where they do n't want to stay , going to help ? 
  not to mention that doing that would be almost a certain way how to get anti-eu parties in cz in power the next election and basically install our own orb\u00e1n . 
  like this is not even something i could shrug off as some crazy thing those out-of-touch with reality brussels byrocrats do , this is seriously something that could have really bad political consequences for my country . 
  oh come on , i 'm not saying the eu funds are useless ( even though to some extent they skew free market , encourage corruption or are wasted on stupid projects ) , but you 're making it sound like all v4 economies would completely collapse if it was n't for eu funds . 
  we got exceptionally high amount of money in 2015 , almost twice as much than in 2014 , but it was still `` only '' cca 8 % of all state income . 
  that 's not an irrelevant number , but nothing we could not survive without if we had too . 
  honestly at this point i would even prefer that they cut the eu funds for us and send them to ukraine instead , where people really need them , just so i do n't how to listen to this crap , how we owe eu and so we have to accept every crazy idea they come up with . 
  i 'm all for solidarity and would not mind taking a few thousands of refugees ( if we could find some who would want to come here ) and my country even offered to do that voluntarily , but forced quotas with no upper limit ? 
  no , fucking way , i would rather be without eu funds than accept that . 
  well i guess i 'll keep fingers crossed for you to at least buy useful things , even if it 's overprized and part of it goes to your politicians ' money . 
  over here in the 90s and 00s we not only wasted money on unprofitable contracts and bribes , we also bought useless stuff . 
  from that point i 'm pretty sceptical about any big deals in the defense sector . 
  yeah , i 've heard about the irresponsible fiscal measures of psd . 
  unfortunately they profit from people being economicaly illiterate and not understanding that such policies are simply not sustainable in the long term . 
  hopefully you 're right and you wo n't repeat our mistakes . 
  you mean no war between the major powers , right ? 
  because otherwise there is a war going on in europe right now . 
  as for your past - totally agree . 
  i ca n't really think of a country that has managed to deal with its very ugly past as admirably as germany . 
   or some miracle will happen , the corrupt idiots will get arrested , politicians will get scared and stop acting like they are doing now . 
  well you 've already made them repel the amnesty law , so that 's some promising development . 
  yeah , i hear you , i also understand that defense spending is important , however jumping from 1.5 % to 2 % in a year in a country like romania just does n't sound very reasonable . 
  because spending lots on defense does n't necessarily translate into having a capable army . 
  we 've had huge problems with that over here in the czech republic , specially in 95-2010 era . 
  some of our biggest corruption scandals happened at the ministry of defense . 
  we 've made big acquisitions , but in a completely unstrategic way , everything was influenced by lobbyists , or people were just straightout bribed , so essentially all the spending was useless , it was basically just a giant black hole for public money . 
  then at cca 2011 we started to construct a new , more solid strategic plan on what the army should actually have , however for a long time , there was a lack of political will to implement these plans . 
  nowadays it looks like there might be more of a will , but still , the defense spending raises are gradual . 
  i ca n't really imagine we 'd be making such a huge jump . 
  one one hand , good for you for keeping your commitments , on the other , romanians , are n't you worried that such a huge jump in spending over just one year will not be spend effectively ? 
  even if you army already had well-thought plans on what to strategically spend so much money on , then you still need time to scan the market , make a fair tender , or at least seek offers from multiple producers , then you need time to evaluate all these offers . 
  i have my doubts how well this can be achieved in just a year . 
  specially when psd is in power , which is not exactly the cleanest party ever . 
   as a side note , you 've switched to the russian approach what , this is a russian approach ? 
  how so ? 
  i 'm just saying that if you 're unhappy here and you do n't like the people living here , then it could be better for you to move somewhere where you 'll like . 
  you would feel better there . 
  for example i would n't like living somewhere with people that i despise . 
  i do n't like this polarization in a society where two different groups hate each other . 
   they got it as the result of privatisation . 
  long before eu accession . 
  yes , but our entire foreign policy in the 90s was built on joining the western organizations . 
  it was counted on that we 'll join the eu eventually and thus it will pay off . 
  the way the single market is set up naturally tends to concentrate wealth in certain areas . 
  so of course there has to be some redistribution . 
  it 's not some altruism from the western countries , they had this mechanism even before we joined the eu , because it simply is logical to have it . 
   we are `` giving '' in the same way cows `` give '' milk . 
  it 's not our will , it 's just the way it is . 
  yes and the eu funds are also `` just the way it is '' . 
  it 's a mechanism that eu countries agreed on , because it 's a pragmatic measure , not because the wealthier countries had a sudden urge to act altruistically .
