  it 's no solution to just move the migrants , who ( given their country of origin ) have little chance to be granted asylum , to other eu countries , on the contrary , it might encourage even more to come , if they see that there is a working system for relocation of all migrants ( even those with invalid asylum claims ) , because they would think it would give them a better shot to not get stuck in italy and instead reach northern/western europe . 
  the only effective solution is to not let them come in the first place and italy really should have taken measures against the ngos way sooner , no matter what the ehcr or the eu itself would scream at you . 
  yeah , could be , he might be a great guy , but he might also be a total prick in person . 
  i was really just judging his ( and trudeau 's ) physical appearence , because i really ca n't possible know how either of them would be like as a partner personality-wise . 
  yeah , different people have different preferences . 
  i , for one , really do n't find macron attractive at all but i think trudeau is quite good looking . 
  that 's below average in my country , the average is 180cm , so men below that are more or less considered short . 
  of course 175cm is not super short , just a bit short . 
  but i see that in france , 175 might be the average . 
  i agree that mass tourism sucks . 
  it sucks for the local people as it drives the prices of everything in that city up , it also sucks for the tourists themselves , because they can no longer experience the city in an authenthic way , instead they 're mostly trapped in a crowded tourist ghetto and the original spirit of the city is just gone . 
  i do n't live in prague , but i visit it relatively regularely and what the mass tourism had done to the centre of prague is quite sad . 
   that does n't mean all women or even a majority of women would fall for a guy with power , but there are plenty of them . 
  yeah , i certainly agree that there are women who really do care purely about power and money . 
  i was just saying that for most it 's a combination , not just one factor , determining who they choose as a partner . 
   i can guarentee you that any country leader receives dozens of letters everyday of women ready to do anything for them . 
  somehow when i see our president , i highly doubt that , 
  i see your point , but it 's more like that you like his image mediated through the media and social networks , you do n't actually know his personality . 
  yeah , but it 's a bit of a myth that there 's some absolutely massive crowd of women , who will just jump in bed with anyone who has money or power . 
  of course gold-diggers exist , but there 's actually not that many of them who absolutely do not give a shit about appearance . 
  even gold-diggers are n't blind and they do take appearance into consideration , even if it 's just a small factor them . 
  i mean , out of my female friends , plenty of them are young , good-looking , often from relatively wealthy families , so used to certain standards and i guess you could call some of them quite demanding when it comes to the status and financial security of their partners ... but still i can not imagine any of them jumping in a bed with some of our hideous-looking politicians . 
  but i guess the tolerance to bad looks rises with the age , so what is repugnant in your 20s becomes acceptable in your 30s or 40s . 
  yes , power attracts women , that 's correct . 
  i 'm just saying that you saying that he could bang any woman is a massive overstatement . 
  yeah , i guess that 's true . 
  that 's some very low standards though . 
   when you know that a chubby guy who looks like shit like hollande can pretty much bang any woman you know just because hollande had one or two good-looking mistresses really does n't mean that every woman would have sex with him . 
  but otherwise i see your point . 
  in politics standards , he 's really above average . 
  but . . uhm ... we already kinda let them go collectively after ww2 , you know . 
  i was really surprised to learn that so many people find him attractive . 
  i mean , no offence , but to me , he 's a short dude with a face that looks like a cartoon character from the toy story or something . 
  but i guess beauty is really subjective . 
   the problem is that no sane business owner would invest a lot money in technology ( needed for higher productivity ) when you have low wages . 
  sometimes , it 's more profitable to do it manually . 
  yeah , you 're absolutely right about that . 
  i have some hope that in my country , the accute problem with the lack of labour could force the employers to innovate their work procedures , because they simply wo n't be able to find people who could do it manually . 
  there certainly is a potentional for some growth under the current conditions , but to actually reach we standards , we would have to increase our productivity and for that to happen , we would have to re-structure our economies ... and well , that 's something that 's difficult to do and it certainly wo n't happen over night . 
  one of the reasons why czechs voted for communists was the huge sense of disillusionment with the western powers due to the munich agreement and the idea that we have to ally with russia because if germany gets crazy again , the west wo n't help us . 
  it was extremely easy for the soviets to play their propaganda here , since the czech population had the western betrayel freshly in mind . 
  of course with the hindsight we can now see what a huge mistake it was to vote for the communist , but looking at it from the historical perspective , it was n't that illogical . 
  towards more brutal methods ? 
  do you think orban would really go that far ? 
  no offence , but it 's not just that it 's happening on larger scale in turkey . 
  there simply are n't any documented cases of hungarian police torturing hungarian nationals to force a confession out of them that they support soros . 
  whereas in turkey this does happen , you only have to switch soros with gulen . 
  the methods of akp are simply more brutal . 
  obviously you can never 100 % rule out that it could happen in hungary but i was talking about the current situation . 
  orban is pretty bad , but he is n't jailing opposition politicians/journalists/academics and other people , he is n't performing large scale purges of all sorts of public service employees and forcing them to sign confessions through torture . 
  so yeah , it is a little bit exaggerated . 
  i 'd say the explanation is that czechs do n't move to the uk with school-aged children . 
  the people who do move to the uk are young people - uni students/young professionals/young low or medium skilled people who want to make some money quickly and improve their english . 
  these people stay in the uk for a couple of years and then go back to start a family here . 
  thus a disproportional amount of czechs in the uk who have school-aged children are gypsies . 
  yeah , it 's obviously true that our leadership made mistakes in the interwar period , but those were mistakes primarely of our diplomacy , not of the inner workings of our democracy . 
  in terms of the standards of that time , czechoslovakia had a fairly well-functioning democratic system that included the national minorities that could vote , form their own parties and stand their own candidates ( which later sudetengermans used to overwhelmingly vote for a party affilitated to hitler ) . 
  it just simply was n't enough to win the support of the western european countries , because when push comes to shove , regime type is n't what makes countries to decide to support you . 
  france and the uk did n't care that we were a democracy , they only cared about avoiding the war . 
  slovak separatism came really only as a result of hitler pressure . 
  but you were right that we were n't able to contain the sudetengerman issue . 
  that does n't mean that the democracy in our country was not working . 
  many democratic countries have issues with separatists movements even today or in recent time . 
  would you also call the uk or spain ` failed states ' because of that ? 
  the sudetengerman issue brought the destruction of our country because it had the backing of our powerful neighbour - nazi germany , which planned to take the entire bohemia and moravia anyway . 
  had this not been the case , we would have very likely been able to contain the issue . 
  yeah , not really . 
  we were a functioning democracy in the interwar period and we got sandwiched as the first ones . 
  our regime type did n't help us . 
  me too , but i do n't think a bunch of low-effort pics will help me do that . 
  i mean i get it , it is often pretty funny and sometimes it can even start a good serious discussion . 
  but it 's not something that should dominate this sub , which is what has been happening in the past few days . 
  i like r/europe , because it 's a sub where you could discuss relatively complex topics , not just political , but also economic or social . 
  but not all these topics interest all that many people . 
  some people like discussing economy . 
  some like eu-related things . 
  some like military/defense topics . 
  others want to talk about enviromental issues . 
  most topics , apart from those most explosive , wo n't ever attract crowds of people . 
  on the contrary , food is something everyone likes and can talk about . 
  just like everyone likes funny pictures/memes . 
  so it ends up upvoted and the niche-topics get buried . 
  and this not something i would like to see . 
  but that 's just my view . 
  i respect other people might see it differently . 
  yeah , well the cooperation between germany and the czech republic + romania has just recently been agreed so i do n't think we can read any larger implications from it for now . 
  also i 'd say that politically germany and netherlands are closer too each other than germany and the czech republic , so while i see that in your case the cooperation might lead to actual shared political control , i do n't really see that happening in our case any time soon . 
  the units from other european countries are not really fully part of the german army . 
  germany has no political control over them . 
  i get that , but in the last few days it 's really been too much . 
  the entire front page was basically covered with food , presidents and pms . 
  this sub is not supposed to be a picture collection . 
  agree . 
  i certainly do n't go to r/europe to browse through food pictures . 
  we discussed it a few months ago , i do n't remember when exactly . 
  i 'm on my phone right now , so i ca n't really look up the conversation . 
  obviously with the last sentence i meant the current conversation that we 're having now . 
  and i said that i apready had this discussion with you and we both know that it went nowhere . 
  there is no point in starting arguing about it again , i already told you my arguments before . 
  also i really do n't see how i could have a productive discussion with someone who calls me ignorant before even starting the discussion .
