   i agree it will be difficult , but one main line of argument is that it might be a ` do or die ' situation well , looking at the past elections in the uk and the us , it seems like when you put people in this type of situation , they might as well choose the more risky option rather than go with the more safe option which they see as deeply unappealing . 
  so this might very well be a way to kill the eu , not a way to save it . 
   nobody is under any illusion here . 
  i would n't be so sure about that , but hopefully you 're right . 
   we are in the fortunate position that those countries who wish for greater integration of the eurozone are also those who could provide military support to cee , who in turn could agree to deeper fiscal integration . 
  i do n't think cee is your main problem when it comes to deeper fiscal integration . 
  those cee countries which would likely be against it , like the czech republic , poland or hungary do n't have euro , so it 's not like we could stop this even if we wanted . 
  the problem with deeper fiscal integration is that voters in the western and northern european countries do n't want it . 
  germans , finns , dutch ... good luck convincing these peole that more financial transfers to the south are in their interest . 
   on the other hand , everybody wants a tighter asylum - and immigration policy . 
  yeah , but redistribution of refugees is still on the table . 
  there 's no way that v4 governments will ever agree to a system that contains this . 
  not even when we agrees to deeper defense integration - apart from poland , v4 governments do not feel directly threatened by russia , so a deeper defense union is not a must-have , specially since we still have nato . 
  but even when it comes to these ` big issues ' , there are very different views how to tackle them . 
  northwestern eu countries will not agree with more integration in the fiscal policy . 
  their population is very much against that . 
  cee countries will not agree to common asylum and migration policy . 
  and i can imagine that se countries probably wo n't be too ethusiastic about more defense integration . 
  you ca n't just simply force this through against people 's wishes . 
   the only premises you have to accept for this to make sense is that our interests lie sufficiently close to each other imo they lie sufficiently close enough to each other to make the cooperation between different eu countries relatively decently effective . 
  in most areas at least . 
  however they do not lie sufficiently close enough to each other to make all the 27 governments hand over most of their power to brussels . 
   stability , defense against commom enemies , a wider commercial area and institutionalised forms of conflict resolution ( i.e. 
  a european system of courts ) are all in line with national interests at the first sight , yes , that indeed sounds obvious , however when you go deeper , it becomes clear that there are different views on how to achive this ` stability ' or ` defense against common enemies ' and these views often go against each other . 
  different eu countries simply have different attitudes towards how should eu-wide problems be solved . 
  nope , people who study in a language different than czech have to pay . 
  so even czechs who would want to study an english taught programme would have to pay . 
  at the same time , czech taught programmes are free for everyone , not only czechs , slovaks , or eu nationals . 
  i have several ukrainians classmates who study czech taught programmes for free without having an eu passport . 
  i realize that from the outside perspective it might look like there is a ` european approach ' towards migration , but the reality is that there really is n't one . 
  european countries do not agree among each other what the ideal approach towards migration should be . 
  in fact there are quite big differences between different european states and their attitudes towards immigration . 
  even among the eu member states , there is no unified approach . 
  ever since the migrant crisis started in europe , the eu has been trying to reform the current asylum and migration rules , but until today , no such agreement was found simply because the eu member states can not agree on a consenses that would be acceptable to everyone . 
  as far as i remember babi\u0161 was n't the only one that wrote it on twitter , other politicians were tweeting about it as well . 
  but anyway , i would n't mind if ceu operated in prague , vienna , budapest or anywhere else they want , it 's just weird that they offer us degrees while not being active in the us . 
  either be a branch of an us university , but then you actually have to function in the us . 
  or be a normal university , but then do n't offer us degrees . 
  they 're just more well-known over here . 
  people tend to have more concrete positive associations with france and the netherlands , belgium is just another nice country somewhere in the western europe to us . 
   in czechia we have the same law that orban just passed since 1998 that 's true , it was weird when our politicians started to talk about how we should invite ceu here , when under the current conditions , ceu would n't be able to operate here either . 
   lack of cooperation is what got the migrant crisis to this point . 
  lack of cooperation is only the consequence of the underlying problem . 
  and the underlying problem is that eu countries are unable to decide what should be the solution to the problem and what are the ways to reach the solution . 
  when you ca n't agree on how you should solve something , then it 's obvious that you 'll have a lack of cooperation . 
   does switzerland have more russian influence than austria because it is n't in eu ? 
  does austria have more russian influence than germany because it 's not in nato ? 
  but we 're not switzerland or austria . 
  russia acknowledges that these countries are technically neutral but in reality are integrated in the western economic structures . 
  they do n't in our case . 
  they never agreed with us joining the nato , they never really accepted losing their sphere of influence . 
  they were forced to give in the control over us by the circumstances , not because they voluntarily chose to . 
   either way , you do n't need russian influence to be oligarchy nor you need it to be a corrupt shithole . 
  i did n't say you need russian influence to be a corrupt oligarchy , you can be a corrupt oligarchy without russian influence . 
  all i 'm saying is that countries under russian influences tend to be a pretty shitty place to live in . 
   and frankly staying in both is often defended by saying they protect us ( in their own ways ) against russia , even if their functions are different because they do protect us in their own ways . 
  the eu only has also additional functions compared to nato . 
  but both act as a shield against russia , even though the eu protects us in a more indirect way . 
  the eu is making us more prosperous and a prosperous society tends to be a more stable society with stronger democratic institutions . 
   well , that 's your opinion and that 's fine . 
  however , lots of people including me might argue that the negatives now outweigh the benefits and seeing that eu is hopeless at any kind of self-reflection it 's probably better to just leave it . 
  we have to agree to disagree . 
   do you honestly believe that if would leave eu and nato tomorrow , russian tanks would start rolling across several countries and next week we 're cssr again ? 
  i did n't say that . 
  i said that the russian influence would significantly increase . 
  and that would be bad enough even without any military invasion . 
  just look at how countries under russian influence look . 
  do you want to end up like serbia ? 
  a country so corrupt that its people have n't seen any significant progress in their lives for two decades ? 
  or belarus , an authoritiarian regime , where people are thrown into prisons for taking part in a protest ? 
  russia does n't want their society to be democratic , nor does it want their puppet states to be democratic because it knows that people at some point get fed up with living in a corrupted oligarchy . 
  which is exactly what russia is and what it supports in other countries . 
  i 'm not trying to fear-monger or polarize the society . 
  it 's just absolutely clear that russian influence does n't bring anything good to anyone except for a small group of those who hold the power . 
  and nato is what protect us against russian influence . 
  i do n't even understand why you 're throwing nato in the same basket as the eu , nato is a military pact , it does n't force us to accept any kind of immigration policies . 
  i agree that the eu has its flaws and i do n't agree with some of its policies , however there is no immediate threat that the eu will force some large number of immigrants on us . 
  the eu is contributing to our prosperity and security in many ways , whereas the negative effects are so far much smaller . 
  there simply is n't anything to dislike about netherlands . 
  it 's a nice , developed , modern country . 
  how could anyone not like you ? 
  you 're adorable , you ride on bicycles everywhere , you like our silly cartoon from the 70s about two guys trying to build stuff and failing , you have relaxed attitude towards light drugs , you have this [ ridiculous sport ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yp32iwoqjnq ) , so obviously we 're fond of you , it 's simply not possible to be negative about the netherlands . 
   what 's your reason for being so condescending against the idea of neutrality ? 
  i 'm sorry if i sounded condescending , it was n't my intention , but you 're right that i could have worded this much better . 
  i 'm not against the idea of neutrality in principle , i just think we 're not in the position to be neutral . 
  you can only be neutral as long as a ) you can by your own means secure your neutrality against those who might want to disrupt it , or b ) you 're in such unique geopolitical conditions that it is very unlikely that anyone would want to disrupt your neutrality . 
  we 're neither of these cases . 
  go and ask russia where they think we belong . 
  if we tried to leave nato and the eu and become the second switzerland , russian influence would significantly increase here . 
  at best we would be `` finlandized '' . 
   it 's more like people realize that trying to fit into the `` west '' at all costs is n't worth it and it 's time to move on and focus on ourselves instead , especially after witnessing western suicide by islam we do n't have to follow western immigration policies . 
  we just have to stay in an economic and military union with them . 
  oh , i see , i misunderstood that . 
  you 'd be surprised how many czechs are suffering from the illusion that it would be better if we could just declare neutrality and become a second switzerland . 
  we would be just sitting in the middle of europe , not belonging in any `` camp '' , we would n't bother anyone and no one would bother us and it would all be fine . 
  luckily , the majority of people realize that this is n't possible , but they still have this wishful thinking how great it would be if we did n't have to take part in any geopolitical struggles . 
  those people also tend to underestimate the us contribution to the security of our region . 
  germany really is n't seen as protector against russia though . 
  germany is seen as a highly developed modern country whose reputation however suffered because of the refugee crisis . 
  many people think that germany took way more refugees than what they can handle , so now they try to force them on other countries .
