  so i must admit that i totally tend to go with the `` well , they do n't want to come to my country , so fuck it , it 's not our problem '' thinking , even though i realize that from a rational point of view , this is a very bad approach . 
  as i said though , i 'm already pretty numb about this whole crisis . 
  i just do n't care anymore . 
  i normally do n't think of problems in this way . 
  we have a lot of issues in my country and i normally enjoy talking about possible solutions and even taking action when it 's possible . 
  i would say i 'm pretty civically active person ( not sure if i 'm using the right expression in english ) . 
  but , gosh , this migrant crisis is such a clusterfuck , that it 's just easier for my to bury my head in the sand . 
   not sure whether they are applied right or large enough in scale . 
  i would say probably not , given how southern europe has been receiving them for decades and has n't really caught up at all . 
  there are definitely major issues with the eu funds , both within the receiving countries ( corruption and also the general incompetence or even inability to reach to funds in the first place ) and within the eu ( the bureaucracy is horribly complicated and often scares off people and companies that could use the money well ) . 
  before these issues are at least reduced , it would make no sense to just pump more money into it . 
  and even if the issues were reduced , the mental division between the west and the east is now stronger because of the migrant crisis , so when the next budget is designed , i expect western european countries to insist that not so much money goes to the cohesion anymore ( plus the uk is leaving , so that 's another net contributor no longer giving money to the budget ) . 
  i do n't really mind though , we really need to prepare ourselves to develop our countries purely by our own means , that 's just the reality that 's gon na hit us sooner or later no matter if that 's fair or not . 
  whining about how the system of economic integration in the eu means that we should be compensated the same way a state compensates for its poorer regions is not gon na get us anywhere . 
  it 's pretty clear that germany is not willing to do this further economic integration ( not even collapsing greece pushed them for it ) , so we need to accept that and manage on our own . 
  well , isnt ' t that what the cohesion funds are suppose to be for ? 
  to compensate for the fact that some areas are economicaly more developed than others ? 
  not that they necessarily work perfectly , but as far as i 'm concerned , that is the main idea behind them . 
   i find the way russia contorts reasoning to remove the opinions of the former warsaw pact nations out of the equation ridiculous . 
  yes , that 's obviously one point , but even if the west ignored our wishes and decided the put russia first ( which it kinda did at the beginning , only re-evaluating this position after the attempted coup against gorbatchev and after russia tried to forcibly end the protests in the baltics ) , i 'm still quite convinced that it would have not worked out with russia . 
  i mean , i often say we were in a fucked up position in the 90s , but compared to russia , we were doing relatively well . 
   the problems here are more politically than economically : the odds are great that it will take way too long to catch up economically because there was lack of certain important economical advantages in the long term , so you ca n't really count that it . 
  but politically it iss important to first allow eeu nations to catch up : reduce corruption , solidify the rule of law and democratic traditions . 
  instead some countries have been hijacked by illiberal leaders undermining many aspects of it . 
  i agree with all this , obviously we still have a lot of catching up to do , both economically and politically . 
  the point i was trying to make was that if we were denied the chances to join the eu , then our chances to catch up with the western europe would be zero . 
  it would be completely hopeless . 
  with the eu membership , we at least got closer , caught up economicaly with the poorer southern european countries and we at least have the chance to catch up with other we countries in the future . 
  definitely not germany , benelex or scandinavia , but spain and italy are doable . 
   but man do some people find ways to spin even that in a negative way . 
  jeez . 
  exactly . 
  what i can at least understand ( even though i do n't agree with it ) is when people say that they should n't have integrated ee countries into the western institutions , because it antagonized russia and destroyed the chances to fully overcome the cold war . 
  but i seriously ca n't believe that someone thinks they should not have admitted ee in the eu , because it would have been better to first wait for us to reach western european standards . 
  that 's just so stupid and shows complete lack of understaing of the situation . 
  we would never ever reach the western european standards in anything if we did n't have the prospects of joing the eu ahead of us . 
   however , you would n't have been running off to russia . 
  that seems unlikely . 
  no , russia would be running to us . 
  not literaly obviously , just doing their best to destabilize the region and with the eu saying `` see you maybe in the next few decades '' it would n't even be difficult . 
  honestly the fact that someone in the west even thinks this would be a good idea is really sad . 
  if the west can be proud of something then it 's how it managed to handle the post-89 situation . 
  yes , i 'm serious . 
  do you have any idea in what kind of state we were after the collapse of the communist regimes ? 
  fucked up economies , corruption everywhere , wild privatization , weak state institutions ( such as police , courts , prosecutors ) . 
  it was the desire to join the western organizations that got the politicians to actually work on this ( not just on their personal gain ) , because they knew people would get pissed at them if they fucked it up . 
  if there was no possibility to join the eu any time soon , our economies would suffer , our politicians would be too busy stealing public money rather than working on improving the countries , the people would obviously get frustrated , russian influence would destabilize us even further and i can assure you that the level of tolerance towards minorities would be the last worry of everyone . 
   ` if you do n't hold on to us tight we 'll run off to russia ' nope , the other way around . 
  russia would try to get us back if they could . 
  not militarily , if we were in nato in this hypothetical scenario , but they would try to destabilize us economicaly and politicaly to make any sort of future eu integration impossible . 
   and really , only a few decades is what you need jeez , only a few decades ? 
  seriously ? 
  this really shows that you have no knowledge about this region and about the transformation process in the 90s and early 00s . 
  it would have never been as succesfull if it were n't for the carrot ( i.e. 
  eu membership ) that eu used to encourage our politicians to reform . 
  if the message was `` yeah , well , maybe , in a few decades you can get in , but now fuck off '' , the motivation to do really well on the human rights issues would be non-existent . 
  i do n't think you realize how incredibly difficult it is to transform a country , but if you look elsewhere in the world , you can see that it rarely works out and sometimes it can go horribly wrong . 
  the fact that the west managed to support us and did n't allow this region to go the yugoslav way , did n't allow russia to destabilize it and did n't let the pro-democratic changes to fade away is not a geopolitical mistake , it is actually a great success . 
  you can only look at turkey , or mena region in general to see how it works out when the eu is unable to apply the carrot and stick method on its immediate neighbours . 
  that 's kind of ironic that this statement about us being socially light years behind comes from someone from a country which just voted to leave the eu largely because of immigration ( only in the uk 's case , you probably dislike the eastern europeans more than muslims ) . 
  but anyway , i can assure you that not admitting us to the eu would be even a bigger geo-political mistake . 
  it 's not that much fun to have your immediate neighbours trapped in a weird sort of power vacuum with no concrete prospects , not belonging either to the western world , nor to the eastern bloc anymore . 
  sooner or later , russia would try to get advantage of this and the entire region would be instable , volatile and vulnerable and you would have to deal with more serious problems than `` eastern europeans have not yet reached our levels of tolerance '' . 
  is portugal not really hot during the summer ? 
  i always just assumed it 's hot there in july and august ( like +35 \u2103 ) . 
   currently no one without a schengen visa can enter norway via russia , as the border is sealed off to anyone without a valid visa . 
  i know i 'm nitpicking , but russians can actually get tourist schengen visa and then apply for asylum once they 're in the eu . 
  it happens here and there in the cz , not in large numbers , but we do have some russians applying for asylum here because of political reasons . 
  the point is , i know it can be tempting to just dismiss an entire group of people who came from a seemingly safe country , but it might not always be the best solution . 
  that 's the best kind of rich nowadays . 
  you can lead comfortable lifes while at the same time , no migrants or refugees want to stay in your country , 
   the numbers will fall even more as a new law kicks in which allows us to deny anyone asylum if they transit through a safe country . 
  can you unilateraly do that if you signed the geneva convention and also abide by the european human rights court ? 
  ( or you do n't abide by that ? ), 
  it would sure solve a lot of troubles if we could say that anyone coming from turkey could be denied asylum right away , but this is not really possible under international law , as far as i 'm concerned . 
  also it 's kinda problematic since while i agree that most of the people who leave turkey are doing so purely out of economic reasons , some might be genuinely persecuted in turkey though , for example because of their sexual orientation or so . 
  in your case , what if there was a person from russia persecuted by putin 's regime for political reasons ( which is totally plausible in the case of russia ) , would this law mean that you would just reject his application , since russia is seen as a safe country ? 
  you have a higher gdp ( nominal ) per capita than us . 
  so does estonia . 
  we have a higher gdp ppp per capita than you two though . 
   the year that i live in prague , it started snowing in october , and did n't stop until april . 
  six months . 
  i do n't know of any parts of the us ( aside from alaska ) which have climates like that . 
  seriously , are you sure you 're not exaggerating ? 
  i think i would have remembered that winter . 
  it never snows here non-stop every single day for six months . 
  but anyway , global warming is kicking in and the winters are getting milder and milder . 
  these days , we have like 4 weeks of snow in total outside of the mountains during the winter . 
  to be honest , i do n't like that , i really love snowy weather , it 's the best kind of winter . 
  ca n't see why people complain about that . 
   at that time , skinhead violence ( that the police just did n't give a shit about ) on exchange students was a thing . 
  wow , this is really difficult to hear , i 'm sorry . 
  i do n't even know what to say , only that i think the attitudes towards people of different colours are getting better , specially prague is nowadays quite cosmopolitan . 
   i 'm sure that in the end , some sort of proportionality-based allocation will prevail here . 
  well in the end , there will be no functioning allocation system at all , precisely for the reason that neither the refugees nor the host countries are willing to respect it/implement it . 
   ridiculously cold winters . 
  whaat ? 
  we do n't have ridiculously cold winters . 
  we have normally cold winters . 
  you know who has really cold winters ?
