  if you finish the studies sucessfully and get a degree from a czech uni , you 're granted a full work permit at the czech labour market as well . 
  i really do n't know much about other countries , but estonia is often mentioned as a country with relatively high standards of education and which is at the same time relatively affordable . 
  the polarization has definitely increased and i 'm blaming a lot of it on our current president . 
  he 's purposefully using the `` elites vs common people '' narrative . 
  and of course he 's the one who is standing behind the common people against those dirty liberals from prague . 
  he even has a term for that - * the prague caf\u00e9 * is a universal slur he uses against people that do n't agree with him . 
  i personally hate this `` us against them '' mentality , however with the next parliamenty elections coming in autumn and the presidential elections in winter , i think that the tensions will only get higher . 
  this is why i could n't move to germany or any other country that considers us eastern europe , i would n't be able to control my urge to correct people all the time , so everyone would hate me :d, 
   for being from eastern europe who cares what passport you have , but i 'm definitely not going to talk to you if you now start calling us eastern europe . 
  that 's a stab in the back !, 
  same here . 
  grandpa was born in 1939 in a village located right next to a factory that was turned into war machine factory . 
  so as a little kid , he experienced allied bombing , german ss troops terrorizing civilians and having barely any food . 
  it was fucked up times . 
  curiously he does n't feel any strong resentment towards todays germans though , however his mum definitely did resent germany until her death . 
  i ca n't blame her , she lost her relatives in the war . 
  these look more like a combination of kol\u00e1\u010de and [ buchty ] ( https://pochutnamsi.cz/media/image/kynutebuchty.jpg ) . 
  the original kol\u00e1\u010de are supposed to be thin and round . 
  yeah , but they still use the same name , as if it was the same pastry when in reality , it has nothing in common with our original kol\u00e1\u010de . 
  [ kol\u00e1\u010de in the czech republic ] ( http://fresh.iprima.cz/sites/default/files/image_crops/image_620x349/6/436297_svatomartinske-kolace-1_image_620x349.jpg ) [ kolache in texas ] ( http://www.columbusunderground.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/kolache-republic-06.jpg ) . 
  i think the pictures say it all . 
   what is your opinion of your military ? 
  when it comes to the individual people in the military , i have mostly positive image of them , i think they 're doing a good job on their foreign missions and also here at home when they 're needed ( like during the floods and other kinds of nature disasters and so on ) . 
  when it comes to military as an institution , i also generally have positive views , however i have my doubts about how effectively the money is spend there . 
   do you know any soldiers ? 
  what made them join ? 
  i do n't know any soldiers , but i know several students of the university of defense , so those are basically future soldiers . 
  afaik their motivation to study at this university varies . 
  some joined it only because they were n't sure what else to do and they also liked the idea that they are gon na get paid while studying . 
  some had idealistic motivation - they are simply patriotic and want their job to be to protect the czech republic . 
  i personally do n't know anyone who joined primarely because they want to experience dangerous combat situations ( i.e. 
  `` the warrior '' types of people ) , however i was told that such people also study at this university , they 're a minority though . 
   do you think the allocated budget is about right ? 
  no , i think we should be meeting our defense commitments that we agreed to when we joined nato , so we should spend 2 % of our gdp . 
  currently our military is severely underfunded to the extent that if we were to be involved in a larger conventional conflict , it would simply not be able to do its job , even if it wanted . 
  of course even giving 2 % would n't help us against enemies like russia , but at least we would be meeting our commitments to our allies . 
   if shit hit the fan and there is war on your country 's soil , do you trust your army would do its job ? 
  i ca n't really imagine a scenario where there is a war on our soil that would n't already be a part of some larger european conflict , so i would expect our military to cooperate with our allies in this war . 
  i would generally trust them to do their job to the best of their ability which obviously does n't mean that it would be enough . 
  yeah , that 's what i meant . 
  you basically apply for a trade license ( called \u017divnostensk\u00fd list ) and when you get that , you apply for a residence permit . 
  technically it 's open to anyone regardless of nationality , but in reality , it 's widely used by people from the anglo-world who want to teach english here . 
  and yes , there is still quite a lot of people who do n't speak good english , however the market in prague is getting quite saturated with english teachers , so it 's not actually that super-easy to find a job as an english teacher in prague anymore . 
  it 's also not super-hard though . 
  many people use it to sort of get their foot in the door , since when they 're already physically here , it 's easier to look for a better paid regular type of job . 
  or they meet someone from the eu and get the visa for partners of eu nationals . 
  the eu does n't control member countries 's policies towards non-eu nationals when it comes to long-term visa . 
  there are common policies concerning the short-term tourist visa to schengen , however other types of visa for non-eu nationals are handled by each country individually . 
  i do n't know about other eu countries , but my country technically does n't have any preferential immigration regime for americans , but i suspect that 's because these kind of regimes tend to based on reciprocity ( for example we have work and holiday visa with israel ) and i do n't think the us would want to have this kind of regime with us . 
  also i said `` technically '' , because the actual reality is that the current immigration laws indirectly favour people from the anglo-world , so if some american really wants to come here , he/she can do it . 
  and quite a lot of them actually do it , their numbers , specially in prague , are rising . 
  as for muslim immigration - that 's not really a problem here , we get very few immigrants from muslim countries , because we 're simply not as rich to provide them with western european level of welfare and also there are no existing communities here . 
  unlike probably most people in this sub , i do n't view american interventions in the middle east as bad in principle , i just view them as really badly executed . 
  i have no illusions that the primary motivation to do these interventions is a humanitarian motivation - of course the main reasons are pragmatic , however at the same time i believe that the us also did n't have the intention to leave the people there in a worse situation . 
  take iraq for example . 
  saddam hussain was a disgusting piece of shit who was very frequently mass murdering his own kurdish population . 
  i do n't feel bad for what happened to him as a result of the us intervention at all . 
  however what happened after was a disaster and it was very quickly clear that the us was n't prepared for it at all . 
  and as soon as things started to go bad , it also became clear that the us was n't really willing to actually commit to the stabilization efforts . 
  you ca n't make large scale interventions like that . 
  you ca n't just invade a country and remove its leadership without a proper plan on what to do next and without the willingness to implement the plan . 
  if you do n't have the willingness , then do n't intervene in the first place . 
  as for syria - the situation there is extremely confusing and it 's very difficult to say which information from the region is at least somehow trustworthy and which is completely false . 
  there is almost no independent source of information operating in syria anymore . 
  even information that look completely legit might have been manipulated by some of the parties of the conflict ( or by multiple parties ) . 
  therefore it 's impossible for me to make an informed opinion on this for now . 
  yes , i believe that this is partly the reason as well , however that does n't really explain the change of behaviour of people working the in the public sphere ( i.e. 
  state employees ) . 
  i can see that in the private sphere , people are pressured into being more polite because there 's much more competition , however this does n't really apply to some lady who sits at a desk and handles applications for ids renewals ( or whatever else ) . 
  it 's just my impression that even people who are not directly involved in the free market have improved their attitude . 
  we also do n't like american-style politeness if that 's what you mean . 
  what i meant was that it used to be pretty common that people in customer service or people in public services were just straight out rude to you . 
  they just made it clear that you annoy them . 
   do you recall something that made you understand that things were going better ? 
  thank you . 
  many people say that waiters and waitresses , or just customer service in general is really bad in the post-communist states , however i feel like this has improved a lot in the past years . 
  at least in my experience , i mostly encounter people in the customer service positions who are perfectly polite . 
  in the past , it happened to me often that i was very polite and nice to a waiter or a shop assistent and i was still met with a grumpy attitude . 
  nowadays my experience mostly is that when i 'm nice to people , they usually are nice to me as well . 
  the same goes for people working in the public services . 
  i remember as a kid i always hated when i had to get some official stamp for something - my bus card , or whatever else , because i knew the people there would be irritated just by my presence . 
  obviously this still happens sometimes , but it 's way less frequent . 
  usually what happens is that i 'm polite to them and they in return are polite to me , they do n't get annoyed when i do n't know something , they 're helpful and all . 
  it 's just not a nightmare for me to handle something with the state/regional/city authorities anymore . 
  i know it 's just a small thing , but for me it perhaps represents the change in the public mood - that the neverending negativity is finally not as strong and we can start treating each other in a decent way . 
  present day - slovakia with no doubts . 
  historically - depends how far into history we go . 
  for the very recent history - also slovakia . 
  for more distant history - austria , germany and partly poland as well . 
  people trashtalk other people all the time . 
  in reality , most would n't do anything if they met a ` brown person ' in the streets . 
  in fact people in prague and brno meet people of foreign background in the streets all the time and 99 % of times , nothing happens . 
  from my experience when a foreigner has patience and shows goodwill and the intention to fit in , he/she mostly does n't have any problems to find czech friends . 
  yes , nowadays plenty of people talk badly about the migrants/refugees coming to europe , but that 's caused primarely by the fear of unknown . 
  as i said , we do have this fear of anything foreign in our mentality due to our history . 
  obviously our politicians and some of our media have not helped the situation too . 
  however when you actually look at the current foreigners living in the czech republic you can clearly see that the co-existence with the czech population is quite unproblematic . 
  if all czechs were racist , xenophobic and hateful , then how come that prague is 15 % foreign and there are no significant tensions ? 
   the normalization of roma people hate is enormous and universaly accepted in this country . 
  it is beyond saving .
