  but as i said , i do n't see it as such a huge problem , the economical growth will for sure not last forever . 
  and unlike poland , slovakia , hungary , romania , bulgaria and the baltic countries , we do n't suffer from such a huge drain , because czech people are very unwilling to move for a job even within the country . 
  so yeah , people leave to the west , but not as many as in other eastern european countries . 
  oh , please , in every normal relationship it takes exactly two people to make this decision . 
  if a women does n't want to have kids , they do n't have kids . 
  if a man does n't want kids , they do n't have kids . 
  i know nobody who would force his/her partner to have kids with him/her . 
  this has to be agreed by both partners . 
  and men are just as likely not wanting kids as women , if not more . 
  this idea that it 's the womens ' fault and if men had their way they would all happily become fathers of four , is crazy . 
  i have quite a lot of male friends in their twenties . 
  half of them is claiming they do n't want any kids , the other half says maybe in the future , but no more then two . 
  yep , i can confirm it 's a problem in the czech republic . 
  1 ) people who are very qualified will leave to the western europe , because the wages are so much higher . 
  2 ) people from southern europe will not come to the czech republic ( except for well-paid positions in prague or brno ) , because who would want to work here for czech wages when they can go to germany and get german wages ? 
  3 ) on the other hand western companies will like to invest here , because the do n't have to pay that much to the employees . 
  the employers then will whine about how they do n't have enough skilled people , they will try to force the state to promote technical education in the schools , they will give some interviews to the press , how they really really want more skilled people , but ca n't get any , but the main problem - very low wages will not go away . 
  so then they will try to convince the state to bring more people from the countries , where they would not see the low wages as such a big problem ( so basically ukraine ) . 
  but do n't worry , the economic growth comes and goes away in waves , i 'm pretty sure czech politicians will also manage to fuck something up at some point , so we will not have this `` problem '' for so long i guess . 
  i totally get what you mean . 
  i think it 's being frowned upon partly because in the history this way of thinking often turned into `` the strong do what they can , and the weak suffer what they must '' and that only led to misery , violence and death . 
  the logic of `` national interests '' caused immoral behaviour , as coutries considered war a legitimate tool to fulfill their interests . 
  so i guess it 's natural that people are trying to avoid this logic , but in the recent times it probably went too far in some countries , where they are trying to make up for their past by helping everyone except their own citizens . 
  yep , totally agree . 
  one of my field at uni in the bachelor program was international relations and we often had diplomats coming over , giving lectures . 
  one thing they mentioned a lot ( apart from the typical czech very self-critical approach to the work of czech diplomacy ) was a certain lack of knowledge of the region of eastern europe , which the western leaders/diplomats had combined with the lack of interest to gain such knowledge and sometimes even arrogant , patronizing approach . 
  i often have a feeling , that we are still seen as those `` poor eastern europeans '' who should , to put it frankly , shut up and just learn from the western europe , so we can hopefully become as civilized as them . 
  this of course then creates resentment in the eastern europe , so the western countries try to polish their approach , but i 'm afraid that deep down , they still think of us in this way . 
  this does n't really create good conditions for further integration . 
  yep , the important thing about that is that new principles of international relations were established there - respecting the boundaries of sovereign states and non-interference in their domestic affairs . 
  also during the 30 years ' war france was actively helping protestants in the war , even though she was a catholic country - this was called the politics of raison d'\u00e9tat , which was basically based on the principle that a country should always put it 's interests first ( not some moral , or religious values ) . 
  thank you , i could not have said it better myself . 
  i think people from western europe do n't understand what it 's like to live under propaganda . 
  i know they mean well with these proposals to create this `` european identity '' through tv shows , history lessons and so on . 
  i know there are good intentions behind that , but it 's never going to work . 
  i think it would actually backfire , at least in the eastern european countries . 
  czech people are extremely cautions to any sort of `` outside power '' , be it vienna , berlin or moscow ( and now for some people brussels ) . 
  they were indoctrinated for decades by soviet propaganda and it only resulted in total hatred of moscow and the first time they were given a chance they rebelled and joined nato as quickly as possible . 
  i find it very funny that gorbachev , when deciding whether to try to keep the satellite states in their sphere of influence by force , decided not to , because he thought the socialiams was already deeply rooted there . 
  well , no . 
  when you try to impose something on some one , you can do it for decades and it 's not going to work , unless the people activaly want it themselves . 
  this is a lesson that we all know in the eastern europe ( even us who were born after 89 ) , people from western europe might not be so aware of that . 
  well 2200 or 2500 is so far away that i 'm not even thinking about that . 
  i was talking about the near future - like 10-30 years ahead . 
  it is possible that we will have united states of europe in 2500 , it 's also possible that we will live in computers and there will be no nations at all . 
  but for me it 's kinda pointless to think about that too much , since none of us will be alive by then . 
  and yes , i know nations existed before 1648 , i only meant that the current system of international relations more or less started with the peace of westphalia . 
  but anyway i 'm not an expert in history , so that 's just my view and i might be wrong . 
  i think european nationalism does n't really exists . 
  i mean , yes , we have a union , we have some common values and culture , we mostly have friendly relationships as nations , but deep down we are on our own . 
  now that does n't mean we do n't cooperate or do n't help each other . 
  we do . 
  but that 's mostly in a situation , when it 's a win-win for everyone , or when one side hopes their good will pay of later in the long-term . 
  but if the history of my country taught me something , it 's the fact that you ca n't actually rely on anyone but yourself . 
  we are not one big country . 
  and other countries will always put their interests first , international relations are no charity . 
  just look at the nordstream , look at the refugee resettlement program , look at the british trying to improve the conditions for themselves . 
  when it comes to really important questions , each country is pushing their view and their interests , not the interests of the eu . 
  that 's completely normal . 
  i do n't think it 's going to change any time soon . 
  the nations states have been here roughly since 1648 . 
  they have very solid basis . 
  we should not try to destroy them and build some eu super state , because it 's just not going to happen , people do n't want that . 
  even if it did somehow happen , the nation states logic would not disappear . 
  this would lead to strong nations within the super state having a strong voice and the small nations eventually having no voice . 
  i do n't want that for my country . 
  i want for us to cooperate together . 
  i believe it is profitable for everybody . 
  it is in everybody 's interest to stay strong as eu and face common challenges . 
  but we should n't somehow expect that just because we are all european , we are somehow entitled to other european countries ' help in every single case . 
  can you send me a link to some of these articles ? 
  no , he is n't , he is a director of evropsk\u00e9 hodnoty think tank , which is quite clearly pro-eu . 
  he does n't contribute to demagogic periodics , they just take his articles from elsewhere , because you know ... that 's just what these demagogic periodics do . 
  this is not gon na happen in this case . 
  the public opinion is so against immigration from muslim countries ( and the article provides some really valid points why ) that no politician in v4 countries can support redistribution system . 
  it would be a political suicide . 
  it would have similar consequences as if david cameron proposed to let all the calais migrants come to britain . 
  it would only result in anti-eu parties getting in power and eu would be even more divided . 
  trust me , no sane politician in v4 countries wants to leave eu . 
  they realise that eu is good for us and are willing to make sacrifices in other matters to make eu work well . 
  but if west tries to force muslim immigrants on us , it will only undermine those sane politicians and strenghten those idiots who scream leave eu , leave nato . 
  i would actually say that our countries kinda have special ties because half of the czech republic moves to croatia in the summer to have vacation there . 
  such a great holiday destination . 
  i always love to come back to croatia . 
  glad to hear you liked prague , 
  it 's not just the czechs . 
  austria , germany , italy , spain , switzerland ... they all paid for their citizens , it 's not unusual in europe . 
  just read this article : http://www.nytimes.com/2014/07/30/world/africa/ransoming-citizens-europe-becomes-al-qaedas-patron.html?_r=0&amp;referer prisonor swaps is something that us do as well . 
  it 's just bad timing , when two big stories got out at the same time . 
  the terrorists know european goverments are willing to pay . 
  these two cases have just proven it , but it 's nothing new . 
  i actually agree with you that you ca n't trust the general public to make a well-informed decision on complex questions . 
  but if you only let highly educated people ( or experts ) vote , how do you make them vote in a way , that is beneficial for the whole society and not just for them ? 
  because highly educated people tend to also be richer than an average person , would they not vote in a way that would be profitable for their social class a thus make the gap between poor and rich even bigger ? 
  would it not be a problem that poor people would not be represented in the elections ? 
  what would an `` experts based '' democracy mean ? 
  we have been dealing with this sort of propaganda war for years now in eastern europe . 
  you should have seen the pro-russian lobby groups trying to influence the public opinion and the politicians in poland and the czech republic when the us planned to build anti-missile shield system in these countries . 
  after 2009 when the us dropped the plan , the russian activities stopped a bit , but it started massively again with the ukraine crisis . 
  the thing is , it is not just information/propaganda war , russia also tries to indirectly finance pro-russian parties/politicians and undermine those , who are more pro-european and pro-us .
