  rents are also getting more expensive . 
  but if you are two people , having somewhat decent salaries , you can get by pretty much fine . 
  even in prague . 
  you should probably better ask an actual expat , or read about foreigners ' experience in the czech republic on the internet ( there are tons of articles on this topic online ) . 
  but in general - czechs are tolerant towards foreigners . 
  i would not exactly use the word `` friendly '' , because usually it takes some time before a czech lets you get under his skin . 
  but as i said - most czechs have this live-and-let-live lifestyle , so as long as you are not causing trouble to anyone , you can do pretty much everything you want . 
  especially prague and brno ( two biggest cities ) are full of foreigners nowadays , so people are used to them . 
  of course , if you are white european you will less likely get in any sort of trouble than a bearded middle eastern guy dressed in weird clothes . 
  if you have an african/middle eastern background and you go to a small town/village you will probably get a few stares . 
  nowadays there is a bit of hysteria towards muslim people in the czech republic . 
  but as long as you do n't impose anything on anyone and do n't try to be too obnoxious about your religion ( and this goes for all orthodox/radical forms of religion , not just islam ) , you should be fine . 
  just respect the local culture and way of life and you are unlikely to have a problem . 
  and also - there are large communities of expats/international students in prague and brno , so it 's easy to meet people who are in the same situation . 
  well you know , since we have always been a small nation surrounded by bigger nations and that often led to oppression , i have a feeling that czechs tend to see themselves as victims . 
  the result of that is the kind of we-can ` t-really-influence-anything-so-why-bother attitude . 
  we tend to blame stuff on others , nowadays everything is brussels ' or russia 's or usa 's fault ( i exaggerate a little bit of course , but you get my point , right ? ), 
  and the inferiority thing is probably not as strong as it used to be , but the way i see it , a lot of czechs are sometimes overly critical to our country . 
  they will constantly bitch about how everything sucks here ( but will not do anything to improve it ) , and how everything works better in the west . 
  i think we could actually have a lot to offer to europe , but we voluntarily marginalize ourselves with this `` nah , just do n't mind us , leave us alone , we are not important '' approach . 
  this is slowing down the progress of our country , at least in my opinion . 
  pros : safety , low unemployment ( well at least for now ) , decent health care , free universities , down-to-earth people with live-and-let-live attitude + prague is pretty nice and we are unattractive to migrants from mena countries ( which i guess someone could also see as a con ) cons : shitty roads , not very nice weather , politicians are mostly either incompetent morons or arrogant assholes , people have this annoying victim/inferiority complex , corruption is still present , customer service sucks and wages are very low compared to the west, 
  well , we actually did that . 
  last year , some of the migrants who got to hungary tried to continue on their way to germany through slovakia and the czech republic . 
  these were not huge numbers of people , the majority still went through austria . 
  because of that our police forces were able to detain basically all the migrants and put them in the refugee centres , which in the czech context means prison-like conditions ( in a way that they ca n't leave the facilities ) . 
  because the dublin system no longer worked we could n't return them back . 
  we also could n't keep them in the facilities forever , so after a month or two , we let them go with an order to leave the country immediately . 
  they were obviously happy to do that and left to germany as quickly as they could . 
  we got a lot of criticism from unhcr , several ngos and other european countries for human rights violations . 
  the un claimed that the conditions in our refugee centres are not good , they even came and visited these places and demanded that we do some improvements in this regard , which we partly did after the criticism . 
  nowadays basically no refugees/migrants try to get to germany through our country and our refugee centres are almost empty . 
  this is obviously not just because of our treatment , but also because hungary is forcing them to go through croatia and slovenia . 
  but anyway , my point is - yes , you can deter migrants/refugees from coming if you want to . 
  but you need to be ready to get bashed from un , ngos and other countries . 
  yes , that 's true , thank you for pointing that out . 
  they still do n't loose their refugee status though , so it does n't really change anything , does it ? 
  they can be detained , but at this point , no country wants to keep them detained , they all prefer to let them go somewhere else . 
  the problem with quotas is ... well actually there is not just one problem with them , there are several obstacles , some bigger , some smaller . 
  firstly , before you start relocating the refugees , you have to secure the borders and make sure you have the flow under control . 
  the hotspots need to be working , the return-policy of economical migrants has to be implemented . 
  otherwise you are basically asking other countries to accept blank cheques . 
  this is what germany would like to push through - pernament relocation system , which would automatically redistribute all the refugees as they were coming to greece . 
  other countries will not accept this , because they have not idea how much that could mean in the end . 
  secondly , the refugees are human beings with their own desires . 
  they have no intention to stay in poland , greece , the czech republic or latvia . 
  as you can now see in greece , they do n't hesitate to show their deepest displeasure when they are forced to stay where they do n't want to stay . 
  this happened already in hungary last year , when a large number of refugees/migrants were stopped here , because hungary was still trying to implement the dublin regulation . 
  people started to protest , throwing stones and making hysterical scenes while shouting `` germany , germany '' . 
  so even if all the countries agreed to quotas and started to implement them , how do you make the refugees to stay put ? 
  how do you prevent them from leaving asap ? 
  and even if you somehow could force them to stay , how will the integration go in such case ? 
  probably not very well in my opinion . 
  thirdly , the public opinion is against it . 
  this is a problem everywhere in europe , but it is probably most present in the eastern europe . 
  there are historical reasons behind it , which i wo n't go into now . 
  this deep hostilitiy of the public towards muslim immigrants makes it pretty much impossible for politicians to support large number of migrants coming to their countries . 
  some politicians are shamelessly using this crisis to score political points , some probably would be willing to cooperate more with eu , but they have their hands tied . 
  they just ca n't agree to let thousands and thousands refugees to come , it would be a political suicide . 
  yep , i absolutely agree . 
  it seems to me that the geneva convention is fitting for political prisoner type of immigration . 
  you know , the type which was typical during the cold war . 
  it stresses out `` persecution '' rather than `` war '' . 
  it certainly does n't properly address what to do when there are so many refugees , it 's no longer sustainable to keep them in the neighbouring countries . 
  who is qualified for a refugee status is defined in the 1951 geneva convetion . 
  it says that a refugee is a person who * owing to a well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion , is outside the country of his nationality and is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail himself of the protection of that country ; or who , not having a nationality and being outside the country of his former habitual residence as a result of such events , is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to return to it . 
  * the convetion does n't say anything about whether a person loses his/her right to apply for asylum when he/she croses one or more safe countries . 
  so according to current international law , european countries ca n't reject legitimate refugees , because they crossed turkey , greece or any other safe country . 
  of course what international law is saying is one thing , what eu countries will do is another . 
  and yes , you are right , the people coming from turkey to greece and then further to the western europe are doing so in order to get to a country , where they believe they will have the best conditions . 
  on the other hand , if we were to force everyone to apply for asylum in the closest safe country , that would result in basically all syrians/iraqis ending up in lebanon , jordan or turkey . 
  jordan and lebanon are relatively small countries and they are already hosting millions of refugees . 
  they ca n't handle having a half of syria moving to their countries . 
  turkey is a biger , richer country , but they are understandably also not keen on hosting millions of refugees . 
  the whole situation is even more complicated due to the fact that those who have a legitimite asylum claim ( i.e. 
  syrians , some iraqis and some afghans ) are mixed with people who not only crossed safe countries , but also come from safe countries . 
  these people do not qualify for a refugee status . 
  and to complicate this even more , eu also has a special asylum regulation - it 's called dublin regulation and it basically says that asylum application has to be handled by to first country the applicant reaches . 
  it does n't meant though that if the applicant leaves that country , he/she loses his/her right to asylum - it only means that he/she can be returned back to the country who is responsible for handling the application . 
  obviously this system could only work when a small number of people reach eu , so it broke down as soon as the pressure on italy and greece was no longer sustainable . 
  yeah , well , the deal with turkey better work . 
  if not , it 's gon na be a mess . 
  the migrants have to be stopped somewhere . 
  if they are not stopped in greece and germany and austria close their borders , they will get stuck in the balkans . 
  that would be even worse than getting stuck in greece . 
  macedonia and albania are not stable enough to handle this . 
  slovenia is tiny and has only about 1 milion people . 
  this could cause a major humanitarian and security collapse . 
  far right parties everywhere in europe would be on rise . 
  eventually the migrants would probably realize that they would not get to western europe through this route and would stop coming , but that could take months . 
  it will suck for greece if countries decide to close the borders . 
  austria has already set limit on how many refugees they will take per day . 
  macedonia closed its borders for everyone but syrians and iraqis . 
  the migrants are therefore starting to get stuck in greece . 
  if the flow of migrants coming from turkey does n't lower dramatically , the balkan countries will eventually shut the borders completely . 
  v4 countries are already discussing how to help them with that . 
  if this happens , greece will be turned in one giant refugee camp . 
  unlike macedonia , albania and other balkan countries , greece ca n't protect its borders , because it 's sea borders . 
  so if merkel fails to convince turkey to stop the migrants and the balkan route is shut , greece is pretty much screwed . 
  even if it does happen , i expect the majority of the relocated people will just leave to their preferred countries anyway .
