  we often acts in a very moralizing and patronising way while ee gets overly defensive and makes the situation even more tensed . 
  both parties show very little capability to understand the other party . 
   why do you think that honoring the nato treaties would not be in our interest ? 
  you have just spend the entire time arguing here that you do n't want to get in a war with russia . 
  your leadership is also making it very clear that they want to avoid it . 
  the only thing which is not entirely clear is what is germany willing to sacrifice to avoid getting in a war ? 
  what about finland or sweden ? 
  they 're not in nato , but they are in eu . 
  would germany defend them ? 
  and what about estonia or latvia ? 
  they 're in nato , but they 're tiny and difficult to defend due to geographical factors . 
  what if russia is very quick , annexes the parts with russian speaking majority before nato can do anything , will you then go to fight for some piece of baltic land with a population who is actually quite fine with the occupation ? 
  and what if trump wins in th us and pulls them out of nato ? 
  would you then defend the baltics without the us taking the lead ? 
  the truth is that nobody knows the answers to these questions , but from the way germany behaves , the chances imo are quite high , that the answers would mostly be no . 
   the thing is the eastern nato states also constantly complain how they feel threatened by russia and demand more troops/bases to be stationed in their territory . 
  yes , because more foreign troops means a higher chance that in case of an attack , those foreign countries who have the troops there will get involved and will not just say `` screw this , i do n't want to fight russia '' . 
  the bigger the chance of foreign countries getting involved , the smaller the chance of russia attacking in the first place . 
  this is why the baltics or poland want nato bases there , not for dick measuring contest , but for deterrent . 
   i also do not see why ee seems so crazy about the idea that we would abandon them . 
  what has nato done to make them believe that nato would abandon them in conflict ? 
  it 's partly the historic experience . 
  we already were abandoned twice , before and after ww2 ( yeah , i know it 's not that black and white and it 's stupid to hold grudges , but it 's not possible to completely disregard it ) . 
  also exactly this type of comments ( let 's not do exercises in the eastern europe , let 's not send the troops there , we do n't want to upset russia ) is interpreted here as a lack of commitment of the western europe to defend the eastern europe . 
  it 's actually even more annyoing than that - not only you do n't want to send troops , you also criticize the us for sending more troops . 
  i mean , we pretty much already got used to the fact that western europe will not militarily support the baltics as much as the us does , but it 's really hard to accept that they will also on the top of that even question whether the baltics are even allowed to have as many us troops there . 
  that 's just really hard to swallow . 
  it 's like as if germany tried to signal russia that the baltics indeed have a special status and russia has the right influence what will or will not happen there . 
  look , reading all your points , i have noticed that basically your line of thinking goes like this ( and sorry if i 'm putting words in your mouth , but this is just the way i interpret it ) : `` germany is economicaly powerful , so russia can not disregard us . 
  therefore we can deal with them and get advantages from that provided that it does n't go against our interests . '', 
  this is actually quite correct ( i already stated that putin would prefer to deal directly with washington if he could , not that he can do that in reality ) , the only thing you 're forgeting about is that russia would not give you any benefits , if it also was n't beneficial to them , and in this case what is beneficial to them is not beneficial to most of eastern europe . 
  so you 're gaining , but the baltics , poland and others are losing . 
  just like now with nord stream 2 . 
  or with this whole debate about how many troops will be there in ee . 
  you 're gaining , because you think you 're decreasing that chances of germany getting dragged into a war , but the baltics are losing , because there is a higher chance that putin will think it 's ok to bully them . 
  what i was talking about in my previous post was the interest of the entire eu , not just germany . 
  and the eu as whole is losing , because russia once again manages to set the member countries against each other which in the long term is preventing the eu from becoming an effective force . 
  so yes , you as germany can have mutually beneficial agreement with russia , but in the vast majority cases not without someone else losing , and this someone else mostly happens to be someone in the eastern europe . 
  and do n't get me wrong , i absolutely understand that you find germany 's interests the most important . 
  that 's still how most people think in europe and eastern europe is not an exception , we also put our interests first . 
  but then you ca n't follow this logic with `` why is the eastern europe worried ? 
  why are they so paranoid ? 
  what are they afraid about ? 
  '' , when you yourself said : `` we also should n't generally stop him from achieving goals for the sake of stopping him from achieving goals if they are not going against our own interests . '', 
  this basically translates to : `` if it does n't hurt germany , we should n't stop russia . '', 
  and then you 're surprised that ee is distrustful of you ? 
  yeah , well the elections ( and referenda ) in the next months and years will be interesting to watch everywhere in europe and also in the us . 
  i guess that eastern europe , mainly the baltics will just have to hope that trump is not elected . 
  to be honest i do n't think that it would make such a huge difference for us if the next chancellor in germany is a bit more pro-russia than merkel . 
  it 's very likely that without the us backing the whole thing , no one in western europe will rush to talinn or riga to fight russia , no one is simply that anti-russia to risk starting a war with russia knowing that without the us , the result would be very uncertain . 
   ca n't you see how it might look threatening what happened from the russian point of view ? 
  yes , i can totally that in putin 's twisted point of view , nato doing exercises in nato countries might seem threatening , specially since it 's in eastern europe , because he never really accepted that poland , baltics or the czech republic are no longer his sphere of influence . 
  so yeah , i 'm not surprised that he does n't like that . 
  but if we were to accept that we wo n't do anything that putin might see as threatening , then we would have to also accept that to some extent we actually still are his sphere of influence . 
  putin would be basically dictating us where it 's still ok to do exercises and where not - and we can probably guess where that divide would be . 
  i think you can see , why this is unacceptable for eastern europe . 
   i am actually fairly certain that neither nato nor russia would want a war between the two for that would most likely mean an annihilation of both . 
  no , of course not . 
  putin is not crazy , of course he does n't want a war with nato - nuclear or conventional . 
  that 's not what the baltics , poland , romania or just the entire eastern europe is worried about . 
  we 're worried that we will be abandoned by our allies so that the war can be avoided . 
  because that 's what putin wants , he wants to divide europe and divide the partnership of europe and the us . 
  that 's why he 's such a fan of trump or brexit , or far right parties or just anybody who could make the divisions between european countries even bigger . 
  once that europe is divided , he has much higher chance of starting a war and getting away with it . 
  or he does n't even have to start a war , because just the threat that he could start it and possibly get away with it will force us to make concessions to him that we would otherwise not make . 
  so no , obviously putin does n't want a war with nato . 
  that would be costly and the result would be very uncertain . 
  that does n't mean he is n't dangerous to us , he has other ways of achieving his goals . 
   i am fairly certain that putin would deal with guermany that he is certainly is interested in trade ( and there are also his personal connections to germany ) . 
  i think he might have a tough time seeing germany as equals to russia though . 
  i probably worded that poorly , what i meant to say is that putin would not deal with germany about geopolitics if he did n't have to . 
  he 's not really hiding which politicians he takes really seriously - you can just check who he lets waiting . 
  he never left obama waiting , obama said that himself , but you ca n't say the same for european politicians . 
  putin would love to go back to the soviet times , when everything important was decided between moscow and washington . 
   but is n't the ultimate goal of diplomacy in general advancing the goal of the country ? 
  well , yes . 
  that does n't mean we should let him achieve his goals , even when he does that `` diplomatically '' ( i.e. 
  without starting a war ) . 
  my point is , you ca n't go to a negotiation thinking that you will get a mutually beneficial agreement with a person who thinks in zero sum terms . 
  putin does n't want a mutually beneficial agreement because to him , not having a weak and destabilized ukraine is a loss , and there 's no way you can turn that around , nothing to offer him that would change his mind on this . 
  this will either end with him being forced to change his mind , us being forced to change our mind or with another frozen conflict . 
  and you can just replace ukraine with any other foreign policy issue - the mentality will be the same , putin will never go for mutually beneficial agreements , because he does n't believe in that , he thinks that if we gain something , that means he loses something . 
  this logic applies to germany as well , only you will not be the biggest losers in case that putin gets his way , so i understand why it 's not so concerning for you . 
  if his words were twisted , can you provide some context ? 
  what did he actually say then ? 
  but anyway , diplomacy is great and preferable when both parties believe in it . 
  putin does n't believe in diplomacy , he sees efforts to reach a mutually acceptable solution as weakness from our side . 
  he would n't even deal with germany if he did n't have to . 
  in his ideal world he would sit down with the us president , divided europe into new spheres of influence and that would be it . 
  how do you want to deal with someone like that ? 
  how do you want to sit down to a negotiating table with someone who actively finances far right parties in europe , who is using the migrant crisis to support anti-eu sentiments not just in eastern europe , but in germany as well . 
  putin is not really interested in diplomacy , his goal is divided and weak europe and any diplomatic efforts on his side are only meant to help him achieve that . 
  if he really had some meaningful concerns , he could have addressed them privately with other nato members , not publicly criticize nato for `` warmongering '' while russia keeps supplying the separatists in ukraine and as a result more ukrainians are dying . 
  seriously if nato is warmongering , then i do n't know what russia is doing . 
  yeah , we get it , nobody wants a war against russia . 
  and i even get that there 's this sentiment in germany , that you 're not getting enough back from the eu ( even though i think this sentiment is largely unwarrented ) . 
  and it 's not like the baltics or poland are expecting germany to take the lead on this , as you can notice , everybody still pretty much looks to the us instead . 
  but come one , if you do n't want to take lead , then at least do n't make stupid comments like this . 
  would it hurt steinmeier if he could just shut up and not criticize the only organization than provides security for eastern europe ? 
  oh , we were on exactly the same trip in 93-97 when we pretty much ignored the v4 and only cooperated in trade and nato accession talks .
