  but it is getting much better as more and more westernes come and visit ee and see for themselves that we are not such a giant shithole . 
  yes , but the wages went up in the western europe as well . 
  i think that 's what making people from ee upset - they though we would be catching up , but we are not . 
  or at least not as quickly as we thought . 
  the difference between german/austrian/dutch wages and czech/polish/hungarian wages is still huge . 
  this will not go away in the near future . 
  in fact , our pm recently talked about how we perhaps could accept euro ( which is now a very unpopular idea amongst the public ) when the czech wages get closer to german wages . 
  media then made fun of him , because he basically said the polite version of `` no way are we getting in the eurozone . '', 
  because the probability of us catching up to the western europe in the next , let 's say 5-10 years , is zero . 
  but did n't the swedish media do just the opposite of that - not reporting on any kind of criminal activity that involved migrants ? 
  again , judging from i 've read/heard , it seems like there was a huge taboo surrounding this . 
  it is in our media as well . 
  just recently i have read an article about groups of migrant minors robbing people and sexually harrasing women at the stockholm main railway station . 
  they also quoted some police officer saying that they ca n't do anything about it , since the migrants do n't have any documents and that he would not let his child go there . 
  and you get these sort of articles on weekly basis now , not just from sweden , but also from germany , austria and other western countries . 
  it 's hard to make an acurate image of what 's going on , but based on what i read it kinda seems to me , that the integration of muslims is not working out so well in the western europe . 
  i see . 
  well anyway , if it does n't work out in the czech republic , you can try other european countries . 
  europe in general is a pretty good place to live , 
  could someone from sweden share with us , whether it 's really that bad ? 
  i was in stockholm and g\u00f6teborg last year for a few days and it did n't seem so bad . 
  there were a lot of beggars in the streets , but they did n't seem dangerous or anything . 
  have this changed since then ? 
  i have read that sweden nowadays has an incredibly crazy gender ratio for young girls and boys due to the migration . 
  it seems crazy to me that someone would not have this common sense , which tells you - yeah , i can help , but only as long as it does n't hurt me . 
  two foreign languages are certainly a plus for you , it gives you the competitive advantage over most of the czechs , but it 's no guarantee of course . 
  you need to put some effort in this and be pro-active . 
  search jobs websites and facebook groups and start replying to jobs offers , which require the knowledge of english and spanish ( that will be mostly customer-service positions ) . 
  i would say you have a solid shot , since the unemployment nowadays is really low , but you need to be actively trying , sending cvs and so . 
  the only problem you may be facing is the competiton from people from spain , who have the same language skills as you , but do n't have to go through the whole bureaucratic nightmare of obtaining the working permit ( and thus it is less problematic for employers to hire them ) . 
  but hey , other people from latin america have made it , so why not you ? 
   wish you good luck !, 
  btw . 
  may i ask why the us would not be a good fit for you ? 
  that depends on what kind of skills you have . 
  obviously there is a huge demand for people working in it and people with technical education . 
  but even if you 're not technically educated , you have a chance to find a job working as a customer services specialist in prague or brno . 
  there are international companies , who look for bilingual people ( who would speak english + other european language like spanish , german , french , italien , dutch and so on ) . 
  also online marketing is nowadays an area where a lot of employers hire new people . 
  i would recommend you to look directly at websites that offer jobs for foreigners ( https://www.expats.cz/jobs/?nav , http://www.jobspin.cz/ , or go on facebook and search for groups for foreigners looking for a job in cz and start replying to the offers if you see something fitting . 
  it is much easier to obtain a work permit , once you already have an offer from an employer . 
  and forget about hav\u00ed\u0159ov or whatever small/medium czech town . 
  as a foreigner you are much more likely to find a job in the biggest cities , specially prague or brno . 
  for low-skilled jobs though , the employers often require the knowledge of czech or prefer to hire people from slavic countries because for other slavs it is easier to learn czech quickly . 
  so what happens when a high school graduate moves to stockholm to study at uni ? 
  are there at least places for students to stay in ? 
  i do n't know if i understand this correctly . 
  does this mean that when you want to buy a house/apartment in sweden you have to wait some time before it 's available ? 
  if so , why do n't companies just build more houses ? 
  sweden is a big country , there should be enough place . 
  and men do n't want kids , because their are seen as the ones who are primaly supposted to provide for the family and thus have more responsibility . 
  that does n't happen to their partners . 
  i mean ... both genders can have reasons for not wanting kids . 
  it 's stupid to blame it all on women . 
  i know women who would like to have a child , or they already have one or two and would like one more , but their partner is against . 
  i also know women who do n't want any kids , or just a one kid and yes , career is often the reason why . 
  and so what ? 
  both men and women can freely choose what to do with their lifes . 
  yep , i was talking about the biggest companies , like the top 20 or so . 
  i know there are a lot of succesful medium and small-sized companies . 
  i had no idea o2 was bought back though , good to know . 
  no , i do n't see that happening at all . 
  you see , after the collapse of communism , our economy was devastated , we needed and welcomed all capital . 
  all the companies were state-owned ( you know , because ... communism ) . 
  so we started to privatize . 
  a lot . 
  foreign companies started buying basically everything that was worth something . 
  so if you look at the top companies in the czech republic , you will see skoda ( owned by volkswagen ) , rwe , unipetrol , foxconn , hyundai , several retailers , o2 and other foreign companies . 
  all the banks , insurance companies are foreign-based , the only exceptions are companies , in which the state still holds the majority share , and agrofert , which is owned by one of the most wealthy czech andrej babis , who is also a finance minister ( if you 're smelling a conflict of interests ... you 're smelling right ) . 
  i do n't see how this trend could be reversed . 
  yep , at the first sight it seems strange . 
  but in reality , people coming from the middle east would still have a hard time to find a job in the czech republic . 
  you do n't need to know czech , if you work in prague or brno for an international company in a well-paid position where english is the working language . 
  but to get this kind of job , you need skills . 
  this is why these positions are occupied by skilled czechs or other europeans/americans . 
  migrants from the middle east and africa usually do n't have these skills . 
  for low-skilled jobs , you mostly need to know czech so that you can communicate with your boss/collegues/customers . 
  migrants from mena countries obviously do n't know czech , but it is also extremely hard to learn for them . 
  it is much easier to learn for other slavic nations , that 's why employers prefer to hire people from ukraine or belarus . 
  not to mention that people do n't consider just the job prospects when deciding if they are pro or against immigration . 
  there are many other factors . 
  yes , you are absolutely right , we do n't have such a big braindrain as other eastern european countries . 
  there are still some well educated people , who do leave + people who live close to the borders . 
  and i have a feeling the braindrain will more likely increase in the future as the young generation knows english better and grew up in a open world , therefore they will not face any big obstacles as the previous generations did . 
  but that 's just my opinion , i could be wrong . 
  edit to your edit :d - i could n't agree more . 
  i always chuckle when i hear the government bragging about a new factory being built and how this will bring thousands of new jobs . 
  yeah , but what kind of jobs . 
  either for technically educated people , which we already do n't have or for people with zero skills . 
  and people with zero skills are often the same people who decided not to work and are not keen on changing that . 
  those who do want to work usually already have a job . 
  so the hr managers of these factories will be the same people who whine about the lack of labour in the press and are trying to convince the goverment to bring more people from ukraine . 
  that 's the thing , we ca n't offer anything that the western countries ca n't . 
  i mean , czech republic is a pretty good place to live . 
  prague is a really nice city , so is brno and other cities and towns . 
  it is very safe here , the health system is decent , the education system is also decent , so it 's quite alright to raise kids here . 
  the czech people are tolerant and friendly to other europeans . 
  but you can say the same thing for the western countries or at least for germany . 
  plus czech language is pretty impossible to learn for non-slavic speakers and some people from western/southern europe still see all eastern europe as under-developed shithole . 
  so it is very difficult to attract workers from the west .
