  uni students do n't need more money for themselves to be sucessful . 
  they need more money invested in the universities , so that the universities offer high quality education . 
   if you know poor are more likely to have less education , less educated people are more likely to have kids sooner , younger parents are more likely to have financial problems and by extension kids of poor parents are themselves poor , it makes sense to try to improve their chances by breaking the cycle at some point . 
  yes , but as i said , the point is n't at the university level . 
  kids from poor families usually have their future fucked up much sooner . 
  they 're stuck in bad elementary schools and when they 're not at school , they 're stuck in a non-supportive family enviroment . 
  there should be more done at this level to support the children more , but the problem is obviously very complex , you ca n't just easily fix it by changing one thing . 
  we need to change the entire schooling system so it works better with under-performing children and prepares them better for real life . 
  by the time they reach the university age , they 're already adults and should be able to take care of themselves . 
  you do n't have to worry too much about international relations , as long as you keep the general pro-eu line and wo n't try anything insane like the amnesty thing , western europe wo n't care much about your internal politics . 
  i mean look at bulgaria , they do n't do much about corruption and they 're fine too . 
  you should more so worry about what they 're gon na do to your economy . 
  ok , let me make you feel better ... at least he 's not who really leads the country ? 
  yeah , i thought the / s was so obvious that it was n't necessary . 
  reading that article , i can see that your federal government already has the legal authority to place a refugee in whichever state , but the state can make it difficult by obstructing it . 
  over here , that 's not ( yet ) the case . 
  the eu can not forcibly put anyone here , but they can fine us for not taking the refugees . 
  come on , romania , it 's not about the looks . 
  it 's about his skills and qualifications and intelligence ... uhm ... which i 'm sure are on a high level . 
   are you suggesting people take a train 2 hours each way every day for a job that pays something like 12k a month ( 450 $ ) ? 
  because that sounds fucking ridiculous to me . 
  no , i 'm not suggesting that . 
  the deal obviously has to be that it financially makes sense for the people . 
  so 2 hours for 12k is clearly a bad deal . 
  for example 18k for 45 minutes is n't that bad though . 
  and let 's not pretend like there are n't people who could easily get a job in their very town , but just refuse to do so , because it 's more comfortable to sit on their ass and do nothing . 
   what i 'm saying is that it still costs something to be in the city where you study , you still have to sleep somewhere and eat something . 
  so you can work and study , but that restricts you to shitty degrees . 
  well , guess my degree and the degrees of the vast majority of my friends are shitty then , because we all work/were working during our studies . 
  of course not on full-time , but we have/had jobs while in university . 
  i agree that in some specific fields like the medicine but also others , it is not possible , but in many fields it 's perfectly doable and it really does n't have to mean you have a shitty degree . 
  i have friends from all sort of good-quality ( well in czech terms ) public universities from all different faculties who worked during their studies . 
  obviously it 's harder , it 's stressful , but so what , we 're not kids anymore , we 're all adults in our 20s and we should be able to make it work so that we can take care of ourselves . 
  the state already pays for my education through the taxpayers ' money , why should i also ask it to pay for my rent or food ? 
   more education usually makes people less likely to have children sooner , so the problem to solve is people without education with kids . 
  saying they should n't have them is of course possible , but it 's just a way to avoid having to think about solving the problem . 
  i 'm not saying that they should n't have them . 
  they can have as many kids as they want , but then i expect them to be able to take care of the kids . 
  people are free to skip the university and make a career without a degree , then they can have kids sooner . 
  or they can have the kids right after uni , or they can wait a few years and have them in their late 20s or early 30s . 
  it 's all their choice . 
  i do n't see what the problem is here ? 
  i do n't want the state to do some social engineering and telling people when they should have kids . 
  at the same time , i expect the people to take responsibility and take care of the children they make . 
   say a housewife whose husband dies of cancer . 
  is it her fault she ca n't make enough money to provide a good life ? 
  there already are special benefits for widows and orphans . 
  additionaly , the smart thing would be to have a life insurance for such unfortunate occasions . 
   perhaps the kids wo n't be able to study because of that . 
  again , the university is free and in most fields , it 's possible to work while study . 
  motivated people can do this . 
  of course people coming from poor families have it harder than kids coming from richer families , but what else do you want the state to do but to provide free uni to all young people ? 
  we 're not such a rich country that could afford what the nordic countries can afford . 
   even worse if the sick person dies over many years on expensive meds that are n't covered by insurance . 
  yes , this is indeed very problematic and i have my deepest symphaties with these families . 
  the state should help people in such situations . 
   i mean , the single market 's freedom of movement will presumably lead to population mixing there really is n't enough of that . 
  there is a massive brain drain from some eastern and southern european countries of the young and educated . 
  these people just join the urban liberal elites in their new countries which obviously are pro-eu , but that it does n't really affect the mainstream population . 
  then there is also low-skilled immigration from the eastern europe to the western europe , which only creates more resentment of the eu among the working class in the western europe . 
  but overall , the mobility within in the eu is not as high as it 's usual in the us . 
  the language barrier is obviously a big obstacle but so are the emotional and family ties people have to their countries . 
   one of the major elements of the transition to federation is the shift from the veto to a majority vote -- that tremendously increases the power of the central government to do things , since they do n't need a new treaty for everything -- and i was just reading an article on here about how germany apparently presently has her sights set on changing that wherever possible . 
  there already is a majority vote in the eu , the lisbon treaty introduced that . 
  most eu affairs are already decided by the qualitative majority , only several areas still require unanimity . 
  however the practice of looking for consensus even when voting through majority is still common . 
  that 's why it was so shocking to our public , when the refugees quotas were voted through against our will . 
  there is actually a quite big stand-down over this right now between the commission and the czech republic , poland and hungary , and i believe it 's way more about the principle than about the actual quotas , because even the commission ca n't be that stupid to not see that the system is a disaster and does n't work . 
  i 'm convinced that they 're pushing for this precisely because they do n't want to set a precedent that countries can boycott a decision that was taken against their will through the majority , even when it 's a decision that their public overwhelmingly does n't agree with and that is very sensitive among the public . 
  the czech government on the other hand is also scared of setting a precedent - that it is acceptable that the eu has control over allocating refugees to member countries and that the eu will try to turn this into a pernament mechanism . 
  we under no circumstances want to hand over this authority to the eu . 
  it really is a power play more than anything else . 
  but it also shows the deep mental divisions of the different member countries . 
  in this sense , the eu is n't fighting the czech , hungarian or polish government , they 're fighting the czech , hungarian and polish public . 
  wow , thanks for all the information , it 's really interesting ( i know i repeat myself now :d ) . 
  obviously , i know about the civil war and i 'm glad that this is something that is in the current context of the eu out of question . 
   many of the issues that the eu deals with as a confederation reminds me of the us dealing with the same issues during its short term as a confederation under the articles of confederation . 
  what happened when you went from confederation to federation ? 
  where there any protests/revolts , any states trying to leave ? 
   the eu has been doing a confederation for a lot longer than the us tried before giving up and federating , though ... with all due respect to the us , european states are not like the us states , they have much longer history and tradition of sovereignity , i can not even imagine what would happen if we tried to go from confederation to federation in some decade or so . 
  it 's just not possible . 
  the cultural , political and economic differences are still too big and the people 's identity is too tied with their national state for that to be possible . 
  i personally do n't believe that it will happen in my lifetime ( i 'm in my 20s ) unless there is a significant pressure from the outside . 
  but i might be biased , since i come from a not very euro-ethusiastic country . 
  as i was saying , babi\u0161 was talking about the gypsies . 
  whenever someone starts using the word ` parasites ' in this context , they always mean gypsies , they just do n't want to say that openly . 
  so basically , what he is saying is a populistic statement , there is n't any deep meaning behind it from which we could deduct what his actual social welfare policies will be . 
  babi\u0161 as a politician is highly unpredictable . 
  as i said in another post , he has no idelogy at all and that means you can really expect all sorts of things . 
  his party also is n't the strongest party in the current government , they came second in the last elections , the social democrats came first , so they form a large portion of the governmental policies . 
  how will babi\u0161 act if/when he is the pm and ano is the strongest party is really a mystery . 
  it 's really not possible to tell . 
  it will also depend on what kind of coalition partners he will have . 
   scotus has apparently upheld the 10 % of highway funding being withheld for not raising the drinking age , but treated withholding medicare funds for the obama expansion -- a much larger amount of money -- as being coercive . 
  interesting . 
  i 'm wondering , what kind of reactions these attempts ( be it sucessful or unsucessful attempts ) to make a state pass some law sparks in those states ? 
  is it a just a mild reaction ? 
  or is it rather strong ? 
  is there any resentment of the federal government because of this ? 
  are there any attempts to question or saboutage its authority ?
