  while it 's perfectly understandable to me that they want the best possible shot for starting a new life , people in the eastern europe take this as another proof that they are not actual refugees and they only want to go the countries with generous welfare . 
  and what is worse , since people actually genuinely feel threatened , any attempt from eu to solve this on the european level , makes people go `` alert , alert , foreign power is trying to dictate us what to do , this was here before , we have to resist '' . 
  the largely positive image of the west from the 90s is not so much there anymore . 
  eu does n't have the social capital to change peoples ' mind on the issue . 
  so what to do about this ? 
  i 'm afraid that at this point there is not much we can do . 
  people just do n't want muslims coming to our countries and this wo n't change any time soon . 
  any attempt to force us to take them under the quota system will backfire . 
  people will be super pissed , the migrants will be pissed as well , because they do n't want to come here . 
  eu should stop pressing this and they should instead demand that we contribute financially more than other eu countries to the solution of the crisis to compensate this . 
  people here would still be upset , but it would be more acceptable . 
  the problem is , western europeans have so far shown very little , if any , understanding of what the atmosphere is like in the eastern europe . 
  their approach is pretty much this : you , ungrateful easternes , we have been giving you money and now you do n't want to show any solidarity ? 
  it 's clear that our societies are morally superiour , we know everything best , while you are all xenophobic backwards racists . 
  so shut up with your concerns and just implement whatever plan we decide on . '', 
  and with this approach , they got the current polish goverments elected , they got neo-nazis winning a few seats in the slovak parliament , they boosted orban 's preferences in hungary and zeman 's ( our anti-refugee president ) in the czech republic . 
  they have put all pro-european forces in the central europe in a horrible position , where they now have to choose between the public support and keeping european unity on the migrant crisis . 
  so here i am , supporting our pro-european pm in his anti-quota stance because i 'm afraid who could get in power if pernament quota are approved . 
  do you see how the eu policy is completely counter-productive ? 
  they are willing to spend huge amount of political capital to push through the quota which will probably not even work properly and even if it did , it only solves the consequences , not the actual causes of the crisis . 
  and now i 'm going to end this rant again . 
  seriously this whole conversation is making me totally depressed :d, 
  ok , i also apologize for the long text in advance :d sorry , i 'm not very familiar with the post-war situation in korea ( or japan ) but did n't you have like massive amount of troops there ? 
  or how did you exactly help with the transition ? 
   lebanon/syria ( an old multicultural society whose traditional culture is stereotyped as being deeply , deeply , shamelessly capitalistic ) i 'm sorry again , but lebanon and syria are stereotyped as being capitalistic ? 
  i have never heard of such a stereotype , maybe it 's just because of my lack of knowledge on the topic , but was n't syria in bed with the soviets during the cold war ? 
  anyway , the italian election story is awesome , i did n't know about that ( lol , as i 'm writing this post , i feel like there are too many things i do n't know ) . 
  you see , the problem with eu not caring about its backyard is that eu is not a country . 
  therefore tunisia , libya or syria is not something that eastern europeans would see as their backyard , same as the dutch , spanish or italians do n't really care that much about ukraine . 
  you did see the results of eu-ukraine association treaty in the netherlands , did n't you ? 
  well at the same time , people in v4 countries do n't see the whole migrant crisis as `` our '' problem . 
  so it 's just really hard to make people care about their backyard , if they do n't see it as their backyard in the first place . 
  and what 's worse - the countries which are more vulnerable to any external crisis due to their geographical position , are also the countries which are in general poorer , smaller or pre-occupied with their own internal problems . 
  southern europeans crisis have been struggling with the debt crisis , their economies are stagnating , their uneployment is high , so their citizens care way more about their job prospects than foreign policy . 
  in the east , there are former communist countries and while our economies grow and uneployment is quite low , we are still poorer than the west and mainly we are small . 
  we just do n't have the influence to fight for countries like ukraine , moldavia , macedonia , albania and so on . 
  the western public is already very anti-enlargement , so the western leaders will be very careful making any steps towards the integration of these countries into eu . 
  and without the perspective of membership , we are losing a major leverage and risking that the countries will lose the motivation to do the reforms . 
  so the southern europeans are too weak to push for the interests of north african/middle eastern states , we are too weak to push for the interests of eastern european countries . 
  it 's not like the effort is not there at all . 
  we have something called the eastern partnership , where v4 and the baltic countries are very active . 
  but overall there is not enough will in the eu to really take the decisive role in the region , partly because of fear that it might start a conflict with russia and partly because western european countries do n't actually want these countries in . 
  i mean , britain might even leave the union and go back to splendid isolation or whatever they plan to do after leaving . 
  france is too far away from russia to care about ukraine , or georgia , or moldova . 
  they might at least help to stabilize the north african countries , since they were their colonies . 
  germany is already fed up with taking the leader role and they are also ( obviously ) doing what 's in their interest and not what 's in the interest of eu as whole ( refusing to cut any of the greek debt , even when it 's clear they ca n't ever pay it back so the greek crisis will just keep coming and coming , destalizing the eu , pushing the nord stream project even when it 's clear it will fuck ukraine ( and the rest of cee countries ) over . 
  and now i have to end this , because i 'm getting depressed , because eu is a mess and i really do n't have a solution for any of this and it just sucks :d, 
  i think it 's just harder to do the state and institution building part in north african countries . 
  for obvious reasons they will not be very happy with western interventions , since they all suffered under european colonialism powers . 
  the majority of the population will probably be rather hostile to anything that seems like meddling in their internal affairs . 
  so soft power might just not work and military intervention could end up like the us intervention in iraq , where now overwhelming majority of iraqis hate americans . 
  it was n't like that in the former cee countries , majority of the people had very positive ( almost uncritical ) view of the west in the 90s , so foreign investments and assistence were not seen as negative , the people were ready to swallow the initial painful reforms if this meant that we would have the perspective of succesfull transformation and future integration in the euro-atlantic organizations . 
  there was a widely accepted consensus that west = freedom , russia = agressive occupying force and communism = poverty , corruption and oppresion . 
  you can see how problematic it is when countries are divided and not all people want the same thing on today 's ukraine . 
  i 'm still optimistic about that , since the majority of ukrainians have the motivation to move forward , but it will be much harder for them than it was for us in the 90s . 
  the public support is really important , and i 'm really not sure what the libyans want . 
  do they want western-style democracy ? 
  do they want secularism ? 
  or do they just want economic prosperity ? 
  do they even identify themselves as libyans , or is religion more imporant to them than their nationality ? 
  if they want democracy and rule of law ( and i mean european law , not sharia law ) are they willing to accept european assistence with establishing the institutions or would the population not respect such interventions ? 
  until we have answers to these questions , it does n't really make sense to just throw money at these countries while yelling `` control your people '' ( even though that 's what probably going to happen eventually ) , because that 's what the us has been doing in iraq and it does n't work . 
  you ca n't just build a state , if the people living there are not willing to participate on it . 
  so to compare cee/yugoslav countries with middle east or north africa and say - you have done it once , why do n't you do it again - is , in my opinion , a bit misleading . 
  it is not the same situation . 
  us should know that given the experience you have with iraq and to large extent afghanistan as well . 
  but is n't middle east your core geo-strategic interest as well ? 
  if not then what the hell was iraq about ? 
  it seems like the us is heavily invested in the middle east , russia is invested in there , turkey and the gulf countries are obviously invested . 
  i do n't see how europe getting involved would improve the situation . 
  i am not even sure the us would appreciate any european meddling . 
  the last time france and uk tried to meddle in the middle east ( suez crisis ) , us told them to fuck off . 
  north africa is a different story , i agree that we should be much more active in there . 
  the same goes for ukraine . 
  but i think eu is actually doing a good job there . 
  no one can realistically start a war with russia , so with the tools we have available we help ukraine on the transition route . 
  that 's something eu is good at as it already worked for other cee countries after the end of cold war . 
  you do n't always have to police your neighborhood by force to get good results . 
  soft power and ecomical power can work as well . 
  i agree that eu as a whole is pretty pathetic when it comes to hard power . 
  on the other hand , the current form of eu does n't allow it to have large capabilities , it 's still in the authority of national governments . 
  theoretically how do you think would the us react if sometimes in the future eu were to have common security policy and decided to significantly beef up the military and project power to africa/russia/middle east ? 
  would you see that as a relief that you do n't have to invest so much into military and do n't have to play the world police or would it be seen as unwanted competition similarly to how china is seen nowadays ? 
  yeah , i was really lucky with my civics , geography and czech language teachers . 
  during the 7th - 9th grade in the elementary school we spend one civics lesson every week talking about what 's going on in the czech republic or in the world . 
  everyone had to prepare one news story and then the teacher would randomly pick a few of us and we had to present the story to the class , explain what it was about and make some conclusion and the rest of the class was supposted to discuss it . 
  we were pretty much split , half of the class hated it , the other half loved it . 
  we did n't really talk eu stuff that much in the elementary school though , since it was maybe too complex for us . 
  we talked about it a bit more in the high school , but the discussion were not very interesting , becase a ) we were really not that well informed b ) we all had very similar opinion , so it was a one big echo-chamber . 
  schengen was an awesome idea . 
  it was just not considered that there could hundreds of thousands of non-eu nationals moving around europe . 
  abandoning schengen would be bad for both business and tourism . 
  enforcing the external borders would be much better , but it 's very difficult to do that with sea borders . 
  eu must make deals with the countries that migrants leave to prevent them from leaving in the first place . 
  it 's too late to try to stop them at the sea or keep them all in greece and italy . 
  you ca n't expect these countries to care for thousands and thousands of frustrated migrants who do n't want to be there . 
  did you see what happened in hungary when they tried to enforce dublin ? 
  possibly hundreds of thousands were stucked in a 10 million country , some were already rioting and if germany did n't take them in , the rest of them would would join the riots as well . 
  i get that sweden is getting way bigger burden than other countries , but eu did n't force you to do that , you did it yourself by making yourself so attractive to the migrants . 
  you should have done what denmark did .
