   but that 's my opinion on reading it . 
  so make of that what you will . 
  yep , we 'll have to agree to disagree . 
  sorry , but i have a feeling that you see v4 as some cartoonishly evil organization that just ca n't do anything right . 
  of course there are plenty of fucked up things about v4 countries , but at the same time , it 's not as black and white as you seem to think . 
  i understand that , but my point is that we 're not blocking the rest of europe from going in that direction . 
  we do n't have the power to block that . 
  so i do n't see why we should be blamed for this , specially since the v4 itself stated that an enhanced cooperation is a possibility . 
  of course there will be more debates on this , but what is important is that even if the v4 said no , and the rest of the eu said yes , then you could have multi-speed europe . 
  so i really do n't understand why some people scapegoat us , as if we were the only obstacle to the multi-speed europe . 
  that does n't even make any sense . 
  have we read the same statement ? 
  because i simply do n't see how the v4 went `` full speed on advocating against it '' . 
  v4 clearly stated that enhanced cooperation is a possibility - you may read it as `` covering their backs '' , but that 's just your opinion and it is n't really based on any hard evidence . 
  in fact mps in the ep from v4 countries have been supportive in their voting records of further defence cooperation . 
  as i said , our national politicians have supported it as well in their statements . 
  and even if the v4 was using some strong clear rhetorics against further cooperation , why would that make others more hesitant ? 
  do you think other countries make decision based on what kind of vocabulary v4 politicians use ? 
   if on an equal market , you get cheaper goods from carrefour than from your local supermarket , how is that not a benefit for you ? 
  you just paid less for something . 
  i , as a consumer , might get a cheaper product , but the local czech company dies and a foreign company takes over . 
  this is a relatively normal process , but in the cee the scale of this in the 90s and 00s was so massive that we were left with a massively skewed foreign-owned to domestic-owned ratio . 
  and these foreign owned companies are taking the income they generate here and they 're transfering it back to their home countries in the form of dividents . 
  the overall sum of money taken away from the czech republic in this form is much bigger than the overall sum that we get via eu funds . 
  this is a problem for us , since the money are then used for re-investment in the home countries , while the re-investment rate in our country is low . 
  however you 're right that is is not black and white , the capital from abroad certainly brought benefits as well . 
   read the document , it 's just whinge over anything changing . 
  they make a point of insisting that cohesion funds keep coming , as if doing it is going to make them any friends , while national governments should get more power . 
  they stop short of `` single market '' because unlike the nordics , they 're still net beneficiaries and net emigrating countries , so they need the extra social support until they can go full euro-sceptic and pull the ladder from behind them . 
  i have read the paper , that 's why i was quoting from it and i do n't read it the same way you do . 
  also , we 're not a net emigrating country . 
  plus our politicians have been talking about further eu defense cooperation for months , so i really do n't see how we 're holding anyone back in that regard . 
  actually i do n't even know how we could hold everyone back even if we wanted to . 
  the lisbon treaty does allow member countries to do more enhanced cooperation if they choose to , so if the rest of the eu wants to do that without us , it 's not like we could stop them . 
  has anyone actually read the v4 joint statement instead of reading only the headlines of news articles ? 
  fyi , it says :  regardless of the speed of integration , we all need to pull in one direction , have a common objective , vision and trust in a strong and prosperous union . 
  however , to ensure a necessary flexibility , we can take advantage of enhanced cooperation , as stipulated in the treaties . 
  yet any form of enhanced cooperation should be open to every member state and should strictly avoid any kind of disintegration of single market , schengen area and the european union itself . '', 
  it seems to me like that v4 is n't strictly against some further cooperation ( regardless of whether they 'll be taking part of that or not ) , they just do n't want this to kill the single market , schengen or the eu . 
   it 's hard for me to understand how 63 % of the czechs have a negative view of the eu do n't know where you got that number , according to the last eurobarometer 28 % of czechs have a positive view of the eu , 39 % have a neutral view and 32 % have a negative view . 
   or just imagine if you were never part of it ... what would have been better ? 
  in my opinion , no , it would not have been better . 
  however i recognize that not all of my fellow czechs share my view . 
  some , i believe , have a negative view of the eu out of pure stupidity/ignorance , while others actually have reasonable arguments . 
  personally i think that a big part of the roots of our relative euroscepticism simply comes from our national mentality . 
  this is imo also one of the reasons why the brits never really got attached to the european project the same way as other european countries did . 
  like it or not , the vast majority of people do not think that much about politics/international relations . 
  they do not have the time/interest to educate themselves in the complicated affairs of history/economics/ir / political science/social science and so on . 
  so instead they formulate their opinions/attitudes based on the enviroment they grow up in and live in . 
  and we czechs as nation have characteristics that make us suspisicous of outside powers and influences and this kind of collective national memory does n't go away easily . 
  even if you ca n't always see it directly , it kinda always is there in the background . 
  different societies have different mentalities and while this mentality is absolutey not 100 % determining our actions , it in some occasions influences our behaviour and our views . 
   if i criticize the eu , obviously i agree everyone should do the same . 
  well that 's not how it sounded to me , it sounded more like `` look , we built a road for you , so now you ca n't talk badly about us , because if you do , you 'll be an ungrateful piece of shit '' , but nevermind , the point is that our overall net position does not determine how valid or invalid our criticism is . 
  the most important thing should be how good or bad our arguments are , not how much money we send/received through the eu funds . 
   it 's funny because some countries receive a massive amount of funding from the eu ( much more than they give back ) , yet some of its citizens still complain about the eu ... . . kind of hypocritical , eh ? 
  so next time you 're driving on that brand new road or bridge , think about this article here ... . maybe you are one of the ungrateful complainers . 
  no offence , but if you 're studying ir then i would expect more from you than this kind of simplistic statements . 
  the money flow between the richer and poorer eu member states is really much more complex than `` hey , look at how much eu funds they 're getting '' . 
  in fact the eu funds in total are lower than what is taken away from our countries in the form of dividents back to the western european economies . 
  and even if it really was that simple , the argument still makes no sense . 
  why should the fact that we 're a net recipient mean that we are n't allowed to voice criticism about the eu ? 
  why would that make us ungrateful ? 
  i have not noticed that the eu funds came with the obligation to shut up and never complain about the eu . 
  in fact , it 's exactly this kind of arrogant attitude ( `` you get money from us , so think twice before you say anything bad about us '' ) that is creating the resentment in the first place . 
  the eu should be accepting criticism from all its member states . 
  sometimes that critism is unfair , but sometimes it is n't and it should not be ignored just because it came from a member state which is a net recipient . 
  do n't get me wrong , i believe that overall the eu is a good deal for countries like mine , but i just get annoyed when someone claims that i 'm somehow less entitled to voice my criticism than someone from , say , denmark would be , because i happen to be from the czech republic , so me criticizing the eu would mean that i 'm an `` ungrateful complainer '' . 
  congratulations poland !, 
   it also would have made germany more attractive in the eyes of refugees and there is no guarantee that this would have stopped another million refugees to come here uninvited . 
  ultimately i do n't think germany could have prevented or significantly influenced the outcome of this crisis either way . 
  i was not arguing whether germany 's policies were the most reasonable/efficient or whether germany could have prevented or influenced the crisis , i was just saying that germany does n't have the right to claim the high moral ground here , since germany acted ( just like other countries ) primarely in their own interest . 
  that 's all . 
  i simply do n't like the `` high moral ground '' attitude . 
  to be fair , it 's not just germany who has this attitude , it 's other countries as well . 
  i wish we all could be a bit more honest to each other and tell things like they really are , but i guess this is politics , so that 's never gon na happen . 
   germany could have taken several measures to make the country less attractive to redirect part of the refugees to other countries . 
  oh gosh , germany , please , please , do so . 
  if germany was n't such a massive pull factor , then plenty of the migrants would not risk making the journey to europe , specially those who are not actual refugees , but only economic migrants . 
  i would really be very happy if germany made itself less attractive . 
  though i see that germany already made steps in this direction which i think is great . 
   when more than one million refugees arrive in your country it simply is n't feasible to resettle more refugees at a large scale . 
  you know i meant that you were supposed to take them before that one million people came to you . 
  that is the entire point that i 'm trying to make . 
  that if germany wanted to play the humanitarian power , you should have acted way sooner , when the problem was n't yet so pressuring for you , but already was very bad for the people in the refugee camps . 
  when you do it the other way around , i.e. 
  wait until it becomes a massive problem for you as well and only after that you start to act , than it 's clear that you 're not acting out of some humanitarian principles , but more so in a self-serving manner , i.e. 
  you 're trying to solve primarely your own problem . 
   the fact of the matter is that germany has always pulled their weight and hosted more than their fair share of refugees that entered the eu while a lot of other countries buried their heads in the sand . 
  again , this is because you had to . 
  you would be burying your head in the sand as well if you could , but you could n't , because you were an attractive target , so people were trying to get to your country . 
  then when they were in your country , you could n't refuse them , because there was n't anywhere where you could return them . 
  i 'm sorry , but to me , this does n't prove that you wanted to act in a humanitarian way so now you have the moral high ground to tell others what to do . 
  if you wanted to act in a humanitarian way , you could have taken the refugees directly from the camps in the middle east . 
  instead you were taking only those who were lucky enough to make it to you , until that was also not sustainable because in 2015 the number of people who made it to you happened to be over a million . 
  so nowadays you want eu-wide quotas . 
  and btw. , i agree that my country should implement the one time quota , it was passed as a law , so we should respect that and stop obstructing the decision , however i refuse that we 're labeled as those who lack solidarity , when all other eu countries act primarely based on their self-interest as well . 
   like i said before germany took in refugees per capita than italy even before 2014 . 
  germany took those who they had to take , because they managed to make it to germany without having been registered elsewhere , so germany could n't return them . 
  one of the reasons why southern european countries ( italy and greece ) were not really trying to register the migrants/refugees was precisely the position of other eu countries , including germany , who did n't want to redistribute the migrants , so if italy and greece under those conditions were registering everyone , then they would also have to keep everyone .
