  international relations in general are very complicated as well . 
  economics , both on the micro and macro level is ridiculously complex . 
  not the mention the international economics . 
  how many europeans do you think have a thorough understanding about the greek/eurozone crisis ? 
  the reality is that today 's world is so complex that it 's virtually impossible that the general public will be able to make really informed decisions . 
  the general public in general is ignorant about most things . 
  the best we can hope for is that it will be able to do at least not completely stupid decisions . 
  really ? 
  that 's a bit surprising to me , since baltic people always seem to be very pro-eu in surveys , specially compared to the czech public . 
  you guys also have euro . 
  this means that if multi-speed eu happens and the core starts to integrate more , you 're likely to be in it . 
  karlovy vary has the reputation of basically being a little russian exclave in the czech republic . 
  the town always targeted wealthy russian tourists and only recently started to focus more on other groups of tourists as well . 
  still , it 's absolutely seen as a touristy town . 
  we did know about the euro and schengen , but we did n't know that these were supposed to be steps on the way to federalization ( obviously , i 'm generalizing here , it 's not like absolutely everyone in the czech republic is ignorant about the eu , i more so mean the majority of the czech public when i say ` we ' )  czech republic is at 18 % , lel . 
  i 'd be super ashamed with such results . 
  well i did vote in those 2014 election and i 'm not going to feel guilty over the fact that most of my fellow nationals did n't . 
  it 's not my fault . 
  however i 'm dissapointed about that . 
  it indeed shows that czechs are largely indifferent about the eu . 
  it is not true that we refuse to cooperate the moment we 're asked something . 
  the refugees quotas are the only thing that we 've ever refused since we 've entered the eu . 
  that does n't mean we do n't contribute at all . 
  i do n't wish to be associated with the germans . 
  i just do n't ignore the reality and pretend like we were n't majorly influenced by the germans . 
  this is just what happened in bohemia and moravia . 
  we have always been a part of the central european cultural and historical background , except for the 1948-1989 period . 
  and i do n't want us to be something we 're not . 
  we 're obviously not southern , western or northern european . 
  we 're central europe , that 's where we belong . 
  i 'm not blaming anyone for anything . 
  i was just trying to explain the situation here since you seemed to be asking what did we know/were thinking about the eu before we joined . 
  so i was just describing what the reality was/is like here . 
  if anything , i blame our own politicians for failing to explain better what the eu actually does , how it works , what its authorities are etc. 
  yes of course , the divisions made thousands years ago are absolutely irreversible and yes , we of course have much more in common with russia than with germany or austria , despite the fact that we have spend centuries together with german-speaking people in common state entitites . 
  but yeah , everything was determined 600 ad . 
  got it . 
  i ca n't speak for lithuania , but in the czech republic , the level of public debate about the eu was and still is extremely low . 
  i would be willing to bet that the overwhelming majority of people do n't know that the concept of ` ever close union ' event exists , let alone what it means . 
  and not just back than in 2004 . 
  they do n't know about it even today . 
  we joined the eu basically with this information : it will be easier to travel/study/work in other eu countries and we will get some money from the eu . 
  and that was it for most of the people . 
  obviously they have some vague idea over what eu 's actual authorities are , but did they know that the eu will have an authority over the asylum system ? 
  hell no . 
  did they know what lisbon treaty was about when it was being adopted ? 
  hell no . 
   you wanted an explanation of why eastern europeans are classed the way they are and i gave it to you . 
  because it 's a nonsense explanation . 
  bohemia and moravia have been for centuries incorporated into the structures which were heavily influenced by the ancient world . 
  or where do you think renaissance came from ? 
  humanism and renaissance spread across nations in europe , including the czech nation . 
  the same goes for protestant movement that challenged the catholic church and for the enlightement , the scientific revolution and the following secularism ... all of this is what todays european societies stand on and all of this was very much present in bohemia and moravia . 
  from the historical point of view , we simply do belong to this part of a civilization background . 
  right , so germanic barbarians are western european , but us bohemian barbarians are eastern european , despite the fact that we have been an important part of hre for centuries and prague was even the capital of the empire for some time . 
  then we were the industrial and most developed part of the austro-hungarian empire , but yeah , sure it 's all about who go to deal with the romans . 
  if you think this is so about the culture and history , then perhaps look up the concept of mitteleuropa . 
  honestly , this is just ridiculous . 
  i was complaining that cw division is obsolete and you come up with a division going back to the roman empire . 
  guess in comparison to that , the cw division seems completely up-to-date . 
  i understand that from your perspective , it seems like no big deal , but for many people , eastern europe = one big poverty and crime-ridden shithole full of depressing towns with commie block buildings . 
  obviously i exaggerate a little bit , but in general , eastern europe simply carries lots of negative connotations , not just in europe , but also in the rest of the world . 
  if your country was lumped in this category , you probably would n't like it either . 
  i 'm of course terribly biased , since i was born in this town , but still - this is not what an average czech town looks like . 
  litomy\u0161l is definitely one of the prettiest , most picturesque small towns in the czech republic . 
  foreign tourists have largely not discovered it , which is also what makes it really special , there are no tourist traps , all of litomy\u0161l is perfectly authentically czech . 
  so it 's not really stupid sexy czechia , it 's more so stupid sexy litomy\u0161l , 
  oh yeah , it will of course never be possible to get the number to 0 % . 
  but the lower the better . 
  actually no , the eu funds are not tied to the compliance with the quota system or any other eu policy . 
  the commission can bring us to the court of justice which can fine as as the last resort , but it can not take away the funds . 
  well , almost a quarter of people still think homosexuality should n't be accepted , so i 'm not exactly jumping for joy over this result , but yeah , evidently it could be much worse . 
  ok , but we are only willing to take the unproblematic ones . 
  drunken brits and scandinavians shall be barred from the quota system . 
  we ca n't have them in our idyllic calm little town . 
   prague is ` interesting ' and fashionable to visit primarily because eastern europe is an atypical tourist destination for westerners and it 's a beautiful city considered to be in that group . 
  prague yes , but the rest of the country ? 
  i can imagine that many people from all over the world can be wary about visiting ` eastern europe ' due to concerns over safety , or they might think there 's nothing interesting here ( apart from prague ) , just ugly poverty-ridden towns full of commie block-apartments . 
  and i 'm not talking just about europeans , in fact europeans might nowadays have a better idea about the czech republic than they had , say , 10 years ago , but in the rest of the world , the image might still be very bad . 
   in terms of business opportunities , businesspeople do n't care where a country is but only its actually solid economic metrics and czechia is doing fantastically in those . 
  we 're not doing that fantastically . 
  but anyway , you 're right that it 's not the main factor when making business decisions , but perhaps it can sometimes influence whether we are or are n't considered in the first stage of the business decision . 
   being considered eastern is probably a depressing factor on your inwards migration but i get the impression that that 's desirable for your country 's population . 
  meh , czechs are traditionally negative about the concept of immigration , that 's true , but it 's a very non-personal kind of dislike . 
  what they actually strongly care about are muslim immigrants , other kind of immigrants do n't really cause any strong negative reactions . 
  the point is though that we 're experiencing really big labour shortages right now . 
  it is now at the point where it hinders our economic growth . 
  and this is despite the fact that not that many czechs immigrate , plus we do have quite a lof of immigrants , specially from slovakia , ukraine and vietnam . 
  we still do not get enough of them though . 
  and again , i 'm not saying that the eastern european label is the main reason why . 
  i obviously see that there are just objectively better countries in europe where people could go . 
  still though , i do think that the label can seriously put off some people , so they dont even consider us . 
  i agree that in some cases , like in the case of mena migration , this is largely seen as positive . 
  but in other cases , it really is n't that positive . 
  we specially suck at attracting intra-eu migration for example from places with high unemployment . 
   i suppose the main downside i think there is from the eastern european label is the negative impact it has on `` made in x '' labels , but you can circumvent that by using made in eu if you 're worried about that . 
  but that 's not a real solution right ? 
  that 's just avoiding the problem . 
  i would rather work on improving our country 's reputation instead of borrowing the eu label . 
  oh , there is a river , it 's just not in this picture .
