  it was n't like germany just did n't understand how serious the problem was for italy . 
  they knew it pretty well . 
  there were hundreds of thousands migrants coming to italy in 2014 . 
  yet , there was no reaction from the western europe . 
  it only so happened that germany changed its mind in 2015 when it was just no longer possible to keep the refugees from coming to germany . 
  so do n't give me this `` oh , we just did n't recognize it , but now we 're all doing what we 're doing because we care about the interests of italy and greece so much '' . 
  all countries in the eu care primarely about their own interests , including western european countries . 
  so no , i 'm not trying to say that we 're a better partner to greece or italy . 
  i 'm just saying that i do n't like the moralizing attitude of we countries who pretend like they take solidarity so serious , when in fact they did n't give a crap about the migrant problem prior to 2015 and even now fail to take more than a few procents of what their quota is . 
  that 's not true , slovakia , hungary , czech republic and romania voted against . 
   nobody can know what help he will get in the future . 
  so you think what we countries are doing to help greece and italy is better ? 
  they 're like `` sure , do n't worry guys , we 're gon na help you , we 're gon na take our entire quota '' and then proceed taking like 5 % of what their quota was . 
  at least we 're being honest , so greece and italy know pretty sure what they can expect from us . 
  we countries , including germany are acting like the biggest hypocrites . 
  italy has been struggling with this situation for years and was asking for relocation way before this crisis happened , but germany refused it and only started to support this idea once it became germany 's problem as well . 
  yet , they 're giving us the most shit for acting exactly the same way how they acted before they realized that they can no longer ignore this . 
  ok , so you basically propose creating a protectionist dictatorship that will cut off trading ties with the rest of the world , seize the control of all media and brainwash people into having more kids . 
  got it . 
  i think i 'll take extinction over that . 
   what nonsense . 
  i could solve this in a few years . 
  well feel free to share your solution then , i 'm curious to hear it . 
   more specialized education early on did you know what you want to focus on when you were in your early teens or so ? 
  because i really did n't , that 's why i attended a high school that provided me with a general education - this way i got a better understanding what i like and what i 'm good at , so i was able to make a good choice when choosing my uni studies . 
  if i had to do that choice earlier , it would quite likely be a bad choice . 
   culture can be changed cultures indeed do change , but i doubt you could do that artificially . 
  politicians do not hold that kind of power in their hands . 
  nobody can fully control culture . 
  you can try to promote some values in a society , but the effect is uncertain at best . 
  people in free socities do not have to accept your message . 
  just recently italy tried to promote having more children by launching a `` fertility days '' campaign . 
  instead they got people angry because they did n't like that the state is telling them to have more kids in a situation when many young people struggle to even find a job . 
   the adults now are simply completely different i do n't think that it 's really about people being different , it 's more about the world they grew up in is different from the one from 1950-80 . 
  you ca n't really compare these two time periods , because globalization , internet , cheap travel flights , and plenty of other things completely changed the way we spend our free time . 
  especially in the eastern europe , the difference between the lifestyle of my generation ( which grew up after 89 ) and my parents ' generation is huge . 
  i do n't think it means that our generation is worse though , i think any generation growing up under these different circumstances would be the same . 
  and yes , some people then decide that out of all these things they can do with their lifes , having a large family is just not something they want . 
  and as i have mentioned in my original post , there is nothing the state can do about that . 
  you ca n't make people want to have kids . 
  all the state can do is to support people who do want children . 
  well i did n't mean it would happen in the next two decades or so . 
  maybe we wo n't live that long to see it . 
  but i 'm quite sure that humanity will get there eventually . 
  i do n't know , i 'm not really familiar enough with the theory to be able to judge it . 
  to be honest , when i said that we need to find a new economic model , i did n't mean that i have any great ideas what kind of model that could be . 
  but i think that maybe the new economic model will come by itself with the increasing automation , development of new technologies , including ai and human dna modification , so maybe we wo n't have try to figure something out ourselves , maybe we will just once again have to adjust ourselves to the new reality which is right now completely unimaginable to us ( similar to how the world after industrial revolution was unimaginable to people living during that time ) . 
  you 're right , on the other hand , immigration as long term solution is possible only if you can integrate the immigrants and turn them into productive members of the society , which is something many western european countries are struggling with . 
  and note that good integration is not only about finding a job , but about really accepting the basic values of your new country , because if this does n't happen , then the country might be fixing its demographic problem while creating another even a bigger problem . 
  yes , i agree that it is possible to raise the birth rates if you do n't force women to choose whether to focus on a family or on a carrier . 
  but i 'm not sure whether this is enough to get over 2 kids per woman . 
  it 's more likely to get you to 1.6-1 .8 . 
  it 's still not solving the underlying issue that our societies no longer work the way they worked ( when the birth control was not really available , men were the sole providers , while women stayed at home and kids were the guarantee that someone will look after you when you 're old ) while our economic system still stands on a stable population growth . 
  southern european countries ca n't even find jobs for the young people they have . 
  simply having more babies ( even if it was possible to arrange it ) wo n't help much , if the babies end up unemployed when they grow up and as a result will leave somewhere where they can find a job . 
  not to mention that fighting against low birth rates seems like a mission impossible in most of the first world developed countries . 
  if there was some simple solution , i 'm sure someone would already come up with it . 
  the truth is though that even though the state can make some measures ( financial support for young families , making it easier for women to combine carriers with a personal life ) , it still wo n't change the fact that the current lifestyle of young europeans is just not very family-friendly . 
  many young people study until they 're about 24-25 . 
  then they spend a few years building their careers and saving money , they often do n't have their own place until they 're 30 . 
  if anything in the meantime screws up ( break-up with your bf/gf , losing a job ) than starting a family ( provided that the person is interested in that in the first place ) gets delayed by another few years . 
  for women , that 's often too late to have any more than one kid . 
  but try to break this model and have kids early after you graduate ( around the age of 25-28 ) - at this point , you do n't have much money , if your partner is about the same age as you , he is likely to also not have that much money yet , so your only option is to have an older partner who is already financially secured . 
  but then you do n't really want to be dependent on your partner that much . 
  and if you start having kids ( 2 + ) right after college , who will hire you once the kids are old enough to go to daycare ? 
  you have no proper work experience , but you do have a small kid which is like a red flag for employers because they know it means you might have to take days off to be with him/her when he/she is sick . 
  and this all is the more optimistic scenario , when the couples actually are interested in having a family and are somewhat working on it right after leaving school . 
  for many young people , that 's not even the case , some people spend their 20s trying to figure out what they really want to do with their lifes , some know from the beginning that they just do n't want kids . 
  the state ca n't do anything about this , people are free to make their own decisions and nobody can pressure them into having families . 
  so what we should be focusing on instead is finding a different economic model that would be sustainable even if the population keeps getting older . 
  that 's probably because many people , including those who are otherwise pro-eu , think eu 's handling of the migrant sucks . 
  it 's possible to be critical of the eu in some aspects , while at the same time supportive of the eu in other aspects . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's fake , all the people are standing too close to each other , this ca n't be finland . 
   guys , just use whatever english name you want goddammit , how much i regret this phrasing now . 
  biggest mistake ever . 
  they do n't like kate and william because they think the concept of monarchy is cool . 
  they just like this specific couple , the same way people like other celebrities . 
  because let 's be honest , the royals basically are celebrities . 
  fine . 
  and no need to chase us down the alley . 
  you can borrow it as long as you stop saying chekland . 
  there are cca 50 000 czechs in the uk . 
  in a population of 65 million . 
  there are cca 6 000 of brits in the czech republic . 
  in a population of 10 million . 
  seems like the number of brits compared to the overall population in czechia is very similar to the number of czechs compared to the overall population in the uk . 
  maybe you could also go around the uk and deter your fellow brits from coming here . 
  it would be great if you could start with all the british chavs who come to prague for stag parties and act like total assholes in the city centre . 
  we would all be very thankful to you . 
   it 's not normal for a country to insist on it 's form in another language . 
  yeah , you 're right , english speaking people can decide what name they want to use . 
  czechia or czech republic , i do n't care . 
  but using '' \u010cesko '' would be kind of weird , since that 's not an english word . 
  stop this , or i 'll start making lame jokes about how slovenia is the same thing as slovakia . 
  poor netherlands . 
  oh god , what have i done . 
  i 've opened the pandora box here . 
  well this `` broader meaning '' is inaccurate , since historically , bohemia always refered only to the one specific part of the country . 
  but you know what , i give up . 
  if you want to call us bohemia , call us bohemia , as long as it 's not chekland , i 'm fine with it .
