  if not , then no , you really do not qualify for an asylum here . 
  economic migration ? 
  well you 're an eu citizen , so you 're free to move anywhere in the eu and you do n't need any kind of work permit . 
   so how difficult is it to learn your language pretty difficult , but not impossible . 
  however many positions for highly-skilled foreigners are english-speaking , so it 's not really essential to know czech . 
  on the other hand , the local authorities mostly refuse to communicate in english , plus older people mostly do n't speak english as well , so not knowing czech might be a bit inconvenient and you might need a translator with you in certain occasions . 
  calm down dude , ok ? 
  this was just a fun map , it 's not representative of the actual czech public 's attitude towards france . 
  there are actually professional surveys done about this usually on yearly basis and you 're mostly in the top 5 countries . 
  in [ this one ] ( http://cvvm.soc.cas.cz/media/com_form2content/documents/c1/a7498/f3/pm160203.pdf ) , you 're literaly the second , right after slovaks . 
  yep , there are some negative stereotypes about you as well , but there 's certainly no hatred for you here . 
  on the contrary , you 're among our most favourite countries . 
  so stop being so damn salty . 
  we value france 's contribution to the security of our region , just as we value the contribution of the uk , germany , or the us . 
  we do have plenty of nice stereotypes about france , op just decided to pick a negative one . 
  off the top of my head : french women are all stylish and elegant . 
  france has an extravagant , fancy cousine and excellent wine . 
  french language sounds sexy . 
  france has a hugely rich cultural heretage . 
  the uk might score for dry-humour tv shows and the us for the mainstream cultural products , but french art is considered highly sophisticated and fancy . 
  if you want to look like you consume high-quality art among your friends , all you have to say is that you 're going to a french film festival or something like that . 
  seriously , you do n't have that much to complain about . 
  the overall perception is quite positive actually . 
  check out [ this survey ] ( http://cvvm.soc.cas.cz/media/com_form2content/documents/c1/a7498/f3/pm160203.pdf ) from december 2015 . 
  it 's in czech , but the first table is quite understandable , it measures the attitudes of the czech public towards different countries ( 1 is the best score , 5 is the worst ) - you are literaly the second one . 
  second , right after slovaks . 
  and above the uk , austria , sweden or italy and definitely above germany . 
  yep , there are a few negative stereotypes as well , but they 're pretty much balanced out with the positive ones . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , what happened to your family ? 
  they 're not considered indian either . 
  it is just a known fact that they originally came from that place . 
  but nowadays , they 're considered a separate ethnic group . 
  youtube comments are the cesspool of the internet . 
  of course you 're always gon na get some nasty comments there . 
  what i meant was that i doubt you would get negative reactions because of munich in person unless you yourself decided to bring up the topic . 
  relax , we do n't hate you . 
  nobody really holds munich against today 's ordinary french people . 
  yes , it 's a tragic moment of our past and yes , we remember france 's role in it , but it happened a long time ago , so it does n't really have such a strong relevance for today 's czechs . 
  plus there are plenty of positive stereotypes about france as well . 
  food , art , sexy language , wine , fashion etc and those are arguably more relevant in today 's world than munich . 
  from our historical perspective , munich is a hugely important point . 
  it is often referred to as a defining/formative moment for the modern czech national mentality . 
  we even have a word for that - the munich syndrome - it was basically a big national trauma , because it was n't just an ordinary betrayal . 
  at that time , we were a young democracy and the czech elites ( not just politicians , but also artists , intelectualls , journalists , academics ) had a sort of romanticized image of france and the uk . 
  you were our role-models . 
  a czech poet franti\u0161ek halas shortly after munich wrote a short poem that basically sumps up the feelings - it could be roughly translated as `` hear , hear , the bells of treason are ringing !, 
  whose hands made it swing ? 
  sweet france and proud albion . 
  and we loved them '' . 
  long story short , it left a very bitter feeling . 
  but you 're right that this is a thing of the past . 
  this is really just a fun map , do n't take it too seriously . 
  nobody really holds a grudge against you about this anymore . 
  we largely did move on , i highly doubt that any czech person would ever be mean to you because of this . 
  also , if you think we are more understanding towards germany than france or the uk with regards of munich/ww2 , try to bring up bene\u0161 degrees in an average czech pub and claim that they were/are unfair and we should give compensation to sudeten germans and you will probably see a much bigger backlash than if you brought up munich . 
  ok , russia , then be so kind and please direct your affection at someone else . 
  yeah , ex abusive husband . 
  really ? 
  i hear this pretty often among people i know . 
  i mean not that they originally come from romania ( i think the consensus is that they originally came from india ) , but that romania is something like their main adopted country in europe . 
  op , i like how you made the extra effort to squeeze the little bff for israel at the bottom of the map . 
  if it makes you feel any better , i think romania is a great and beautiful country . 
  many of my fellow nationals are unfortunately totally ignorant and think that just because roma ( people ) and romania ( country ) sounds similar that means that you 're indeed a gypsy country . 
  also technically speaking we only had an alliance treaty with france , not with the uk . 
  does n't mean that the way uk acted was n't hugely disapointing as well of course . 
  i know right ? 
  once you know it in the silent version , you ca n't imagine watching it any other way . 
  but hey , at least they kept `` a je to ! '', 
  yeah , you were almost right about the meaning , the literal translation would be `` and it is !, 
  '' , but the actual meaning basically is `` and it 's done ! '', 
  it 's basically something you can say after you succesfully completed any sort of task . 
  i love how you guys decided to dub the whole thing ( which is kinda weird , because the characters are mute in the original version ) , but keep the original title `` a je to ! '', 
  in czech and have the characters say it everytime they get the job done . 
  that 's pretty damn adorable . 
  also you have the best food . 
  italy ftw . 
  no , we in cee did n't have any other choice than to go this way in the 90s . 
  maybe if we could totally isolate economy from politics , than it would be possible to choose a different development strategy , but since we could n't ignore our geopolitical positions , this was the only option . 
  anything else would very likely end up much more harmful . 
  aaand do n't forget the very low salaries they pay to their romanian employees . 
  it 's pretty much the same everywhere in the cee , only you 're still capitalizing ( i mean in the macro-economic terms ) on this `` cheap labour + foreign capital + low added-value products '' system , while we 're here in cz are already hitting its limits and are trying to make the transition , which is pretty difficult . 
   but on the other hand romania and other countries are growing and companies will invest money there . 
  there are different sorts of investments . 
  we companies indeed do invest a lot in cee countries , however the investments are often only in factories that focus on manufacturing of supplies which are then shipped to the mother company , so the final product with the highest added-value is sold in germany . 
  and even the companies that do make the final products in cee , as i said , they 're often foreign owned , which means they can ship the income back home and use it to fund the really important investments , which are investments into research and development . 
  those investments mostly stay in the highly-developed countries , since that 's where the best infrastructural enviroment is ( in terms of the best education centres , the largest number of highly educated people and so on ) . 
  the problem with having everything foreign-owned is that often most of the income that the companies generate does not stay in the country . 
  the companies are taking it away in the forms of dividents back to their home country . 
  this leaves romania with a deficit on the current account of the balance of payments , which in the long term is simply not sustainable . 
  yeah and my point is that it is ridiculous to shift the blame for german flawed system on other countries , which are not even denying cooperation , they only happen to have some opportunistic citizens . 
  if germany did n't just offer tons money to everyone who has their asylum application rejected , then you would not be having this problem in the first place and you would not even have to think about restricting borders with countries like serbia . 
  plus serbia and other western balkan countries have been acting relatively helpful throughout the migrant crisis , they 're cooperating with the eu , they 're eu candidate countries and visa-free travel is one of the carrots that the eu can use to keep them on the pro-eu path . 
  it would be completely counter-productive and unfair to punish them by kicking them out of the visa-free regime when they 've essentialy done nothing wrong , just because germany ca n't get their system in order . 
  otherwise i obviously agree with you that germany should establish some sort of punishment for people who blatantly lie in their asylum application , even if the punishment is only not receiving any return money , because this kind of behaviour should definitely not be rewarded . 
  but again , that 's germany 's responsibility , not other countries ' responsibility . 
   we do not have to let serbian citizens into the country for 90 days , if we decide to cancel the agreement between the two countries . 
  theoretically you can , realistically you ca n't . 
  germany is not in charge of schengen visa policy and i doubt that you would get all the other countries to agree with you on such a step . 
  plus obviously serbia would then retaliate by not cooperating on deportations . 
  i do n't really see how your example with canada proves anything , since canada simply decided not to involve some countries in their visa-free regime .
