  while i agree that some factors can increase the risk of being raped , the rape is still the fault of the rapist , never the victim , even if she walked naked at 2am around a night club and completely drunk . 
  it 's still not acceptable to rape anyone under any circumstances . 
   before 2008 now that i think about it , i would rather have a problem with a labour shortage than another world financial crisis though :d, 
  ok , you brought up many other issues , like the courts being often bised when deciding about the child 's custody , about the issues of having a child from an affair while being married to someone else or about different attitudes towards the cases of men being raped and women being raped . 
  i 'm not disputing that there are indeed cases where men are discriminated against , the child custody battles are probably the most common example . 
  that is indeed a huge issue . 
  about the rape cases - i think what you described can happen , on the other hand , women 's rape accusations are often met with `` well what did you think , going out late alone , wearing skinny jeans/a skirt - you were basically asking for it '' . 
  both genders can face serious discrimination/prejudices when trying to report a rape . 
  i fail to see how any of this has any connection to the specific case that we 've been discussing though . 
  and that is whether a man should be able to reject his parental duties . 
  i do n't know what you mean . 
  do you mean that we allow women to have abortions ? 
  if so , then it 's not the same , because the child si not yet a child , it 's a fetus . 
  or what exactly are you saying ? 
  yes , i agree with that totally . 
  it really is out of men 's control . 
  you could say it 's unfair , but that 's just how biology made it . 
  i could say that men are on the other hand spared the health risks of being pregnant and giving birth ( or having an abortion ) . 
  imo this is irrelevant to the discussion though , because men can not force women to have an abortion . 
  thus if a woman decides to keep the baby , the baby is born . 
  from that point , it 's no longer about women 's rights or men 's rights , it 's about the child 's rights . 
  yes , it is unfair , but if men want to avoid this , they can make sure to use condoms . 
  getting drunk and having an unprotected sex is not an excuse , that 's just dumb behaviour . 
  again , it 's not implemented in my country . 
  i do n't know about other countries . 
  but even if it was - i do n't suggest it 's `` cool '' at all . 
  i think any situation when a child ends up with only one parent sucks . 
  i 'm just saying that just because there might be a situation when a baby ends up with a mother only ( when a single woman gets pregnant by assisted reproduction ) does n't mean we should encourage more of these situations to happen ( when a kid ends up with a mother only , because the father says `` nope , i do n't want that kid '' during the pregnancy ) . 
  i would argue that purely from the kid 's perspective the latter situation is even worse . 
  because in the first situation , the mother actively decides to have the kid alone , so it 's likely that she knows she can financially afford it . 
  whereas in the second situation when the mother is left alone by the father , she might be in a difficult financial situation , so the child will end up worse off . 
  yes , you 're right that you ca n't force anyone to give parental love . 
  however raising a child costs money , so if the father does n't want to get involved emotionally , it sucks a lot , however he should at least get involved financially . 
  as much as he can say `` i did n't want this kid '' , the kid is still here and he/she needs financial support . 
  if men want to avoid this situation , they can use condoms . 
  or do n't have sex if you ca n't accept the risk of pregnancy . 
  i 'm not sure what is the legislation in other countries , but over here , you can only get an assisted reproduction as long as you 're a couple . 
  but even if this was n't the case - no , it 's not the baby 's fault and it 's not the ideal situation . 
  but just because there is another type of situation when the child ends up with only one parent does n't mean we have to create conditions for yet another situation when this will happen . 
  guess what , when a baby is born , it needs as much support as possible . 
  it 's not the baby 's fault that you slept with a women without accepting that sex can sometimes lead to a baby . 
  it 's not the baby 's fault that you do n't want him . 
  tha child is now here and it needs its parents to support him . 
  the fact that women were biologically given more control over pregnancies is something you might not like , but you ca n't change that . 
  just like women ca n't change that they are ( in most cases ) physically weaker than men . 
  it 's still irrelavent to the discussion though , because this is not about women 's or men 's best interests . 
  once the child is actually born , it should always be firstly about the child 's best interests . 
  and the child 's best interests are to have both of its parents . 
  well yeah , but the gap is closing very slowly . 
  it was not expected by the people that after some 25 years , we 'll still be at 1/3 of german salaries . 
  so it 's kind of hard to attract enough skilled foreigners here . 
  that does n't mean we do n't have any migration , the population growth has actually been positive despite negative natural increase thanks to immigration + fortunately not that many of us leave for western europe as in other ee countries - but in the current economic situation , we simply still do n't have enough people . 
  it 's now so bad that even unskilled positions often ca n't be filled . 
  on the other hand , this will only last as long as the economy is doing very well , so maybe if there is a significant slowing down or even a crisis in the future , this problem will solve itself . 
  yes . 
  wages in germany are cca 3 times higher . 
  well , we 've just finished fourth on this [ expat survey ] ( https://www.expatexplorer.hsbc.com/survey/ ) - beating all other european countries , so there 's that  no , but seriously , regardless of this specific survey , prague is a pretty nice place to live . 
  it can not outcompete the best german/scandinavian cities , it 's still a bit behind them , but it 's not like we 're expecting some massive crowds of western expats to suddenly move here . 
  in prague it depends quite a lot on the location ( whether it 's in the city centre or not ) . 
  outside of the city centre with a bit of luck and patience , you can rent 1 bedroom apartment for some 300-400 euro . 
  in the city centre it gets a bit more expensive ( like maybe up to 550 euro ) . 
  for bigger apartments the prices can be around 600 outside the city centre and go up to 1k in the city centre ) . 
  and i 'm basically talking about the standard apartments , if you want anything fancy , the prices will be obviously higher . 
  also many young people do flat-sharing , so they end up splitting the price and pay less . 
  foreigner sometimes do get scammed , so they end up paying more than locals . 
  mid level meaning some 3 years experience ? 
  if so , my guess would be around 2,5 k - 2,8 k euro gross , so after taxes ( income tax , social and health insurance ) some 1,8 - 2,0 k monthly . 
  there are also some tax discounts ( on kids or other stuff ) so the specific number might vary in each specific case . 
  and in my experience the salaries in it do go up quite quickly once the companies sees it 's really worth investing in you ( because otherwise in this competition , some other company might steal you ) . 
  but note that i 'm actually not living in prague , i 'm living in brno , so take this all with a grain of salt . 
   average it engineer that 's a really broad term . 
  it depends on the specific position , on how much skilled/experienced the candidate is and also on the region/city . 
  the best wages are in prague , followed by other big cities . 
  other areas typically have way lower salaries . 
  but if we focus on prague , people in it are usually in the 1,5 k - 4k euro range ( monthly gross ) . 
  again , depends on the specific position , depends on whether it 's an entry-level position or a senior position . 
  obviously we can not compete with western salaries . 
  but the cost of living is also lower here , so that somewhat compensates for that . 
  yeah , it 's the same in the company i work for ( only part-time , since i 'm also still studying ) . 
  they constantly struggle to find new employees , specially in the it sector . 
   if you can simply expand abroad instructions unclear . 
  * ends up annexing slovakia *, 
  not sure whether we can still be happy about our unemployment rate or more worried about our labour shortage problem . 
  yep , it was iraq . 
  but it was n't these refugees , it was a different group which was resettled directly from middle east camps , not from greece . 
   so again it would limit the pull-factor of the purely economic migrants , which is the goal . 
  it 's not so much about the people already here , but rather the ones thinking about coming . 
  i do n't believe it would . 
  economic migrants do not qualify for the relocation scheme anyway . 
  it 's for syrians/iraqis and eritreans . 
  those who are quite obviously economic migrats - pakistanis , morrocans , tunisians and so on - are not allowed to enter the scheme in the first place . 
  they 're still coming and overwhelming italy . 
  the relocation wo n't help with that , no internal eu rules will help with that . 
  the migrants/refugees see what they want to see , they tend to overestimate the positive signals and ignore the negative signals , plus the smugglers give them fake information ( for obvious reasons ) and their own friends and relatives give them fake information ( because they 're ashamed to admit that they ended up unemployed and on the bottom of the society in europe ) . 
  these people will continue trying their luck , until it 's clear that no one who tries coming illegally will be allowed to go anywhere in europe . 
  the situation in the home countries simply sucks enough for it to be worth it as long as there is at least some chance . 
  some `` you might be send to bulgaria '' threat is not gon na stop them . 
   meaning the goal is to make europe less attractive to economic migrants . 
  i would start with your too generous welfare systems for asylum seekers instead of forcing them on other countries . 
  but anyway , even if you managed to force them on us ( which you so far have n't been able to do , as fico pointed out - pretty much everyone is backing away from the system , at least for now ) , you would n't be able to keep them here .
