  i talked to a brit once and he asked me if we have a jewish minority in my country . 
  i said `` well sadly , not a very big one anymore '' , thinking that he will understand what i mean , but he had no idea at all that bohemia and moravia were nazi-occupied . 
  and that was otherwise a fairly educated man from europe . 
   i can understand that being screamed at makes people less likely to extend such courtesy . 
  i can also understand that from the german point of view , people might be upset of being accused of white-washing their history despite the fact that germany took significant steps to own up to their history . 
  it 's a classic case of both sides looking at this from their own perspective and acting sensitively ( which is understandable , it 's a sensitive topic ) while being unable to look at it from the perspective of the other side . 
  i do n't blame either of you , i totally see on myself that i can get just as triggered when it 's about an issue concerning my country . 
  at the same time , i think that in this specific case , it should be you guys who take a step back , because as i said - it wo n't hurt you , if you do n't use it . 
  you 're just pushing exactly this narrative ( that it 's a conspiracy ) with this approach . 
  becausee to poles it seems like you 're saying `` there 's nothing really wrong with that term '' and when they see that you 're saying that the term is okay to use , some of them might assume that there 's malicious intent behind it . 
  yes , i know , but at the same time , polish authorities have voiced their disagreements over the use of the term many times already , so german authorities must be aware that poland does n't like it . 
  it would not hurt you at all if you just avoided it . 
  for you , it might not mean a lot , but for poland it 's very important . 
  is it really so difficult to use historically precise terms instead of misleading shortcuts , specially when you know that poles find it offensive ? 
  yeah , i think many people do n't realize that what they consider a standard knowledge of history simply is n't a standard knowledge in other countries as well . 
  it 's understandable that poland does n't want this term to be used . 
  i think poles are more so worried that the phrase ` polish death camps ' will sort of leak into the international mainstream discourse and that could mislead people from other parts of the world who are not very familiar with european history . 
  i think some former collonial countries would have a word with you about how european imperial powers spread the civilization to them . 
  it really was n't such a pretty story as the video is making it to be . 
  turkey is still a nato ally , so trump meeting him is an acceptable thing imho . 
  i mean , western representatives in general meet even worse people . 
  however this kind of behaviour never should have been tolerated of course . 
  it 's kind of weird that they dared to do this in the us . 
  when erdogan and his thugs try to do this kind of shit in smaller european countries , it 's not that surprising ( and i 'm glad that the affected european countries have recently been standing up to him ) , however that they literaly go to the most powerful country in the world and they pull this off , that 's kind of mindblowing . 
  it just shows you how these people are used to using violence without any danger of being punished and that 's kind of reflecting how depressive the reality of today 's turkey is . 
  next time handle it the way the dutch handled it when these akp thuggish bodyguards did n't respect that netherland has forbidden turkish politicians to campaign on their soil . 
  they went with a special forces unit on them . 
  and there was no violence , because these cowards only target unarmed people . 
   i was actually talking about the popularity of the whole thing in greece . 
  i 'm sorry , i do not follow , popularity of what thing in greece ? 
   if you talk about germany , then opening the borders to eastern europeans i can imagine that there was some public opposition and that 's also why germany was allowed to put special restrictions on us . 
  it took 7 years before people from the new member states could actually move to germany without any barriers . 
  i guess we do not comment on this so loudly and so often as poland and hungary , that 's true . 
  however we 're under the same risk of sanctions as poland and hungary . 
  we have n't been cooperating on the relocations for more than a year now . 
  the greek crisis is actually an example that northwestern europe is unwilling to make any larger fiscal transfers to the south , it 's just willing to barely keep greece away from bankrupcy , because german banks are one of the largest creditors of the greek debt and because the greek crisis had the potential of destabilizing eurozone . 
  this is no prove that northwestern europe particularely cares about european solidarity . 
  we have taken 12 people and we wo n't take any others at least until the next elections . 
  from there , we 'll see what kind of government we 'll have and what their position will be . 
   northern , western and southern european countries have all had to do things that were wildly unpopular with their own populace in the name of european solidarity . 
  can you name me one thing that had cca 85 % of public opposing it ? 
  i 'm not sure that they 're doing it to intentionally push us out , but it might very well end up like that . 
   there 's no choice but to make it work . 
  even giving ultimatums is n't going to magically make it work . 
  i really understand that you would like it to work , but i 'm judging the viability of the plan based on the facts that i observed in the last year and a half and based on how the commission and member countries are approaching this problem ( i.e. 
  they ignore it ) . 
  this leads me to believe that the quota system is not going to work . 
   lock those up who try to circumvent these approaches you know very well that once we try to pernamently jail people , the commission and the echr will be all over our asses again . 
   there 's simply no realistic option that i 'm aware of once they 're on eu soil besides such a system . 
  that 's why we must focus all our efforts on preventing them from reaching eu soil . 
  this is imho the only really viable option . 
  but that 's just wishful thinking . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  it 's been almost two years and the issue is n't even discussed , let alone solved . 
  no shit storm is being raised . 
  nothing is being done . 
  and realistically what can even be done ? 
  even if you return them , they can just cross the border again . 
  they can get shelter with some of their friends or family which already are in germany and they will try to work in the shadow economy ( better case ) or they will go on criminal path ( worse case ) . 
  because what do they have to lose ? 
  the vast majority of them have poor prospects of getting a proper job in germany anyway . 
  if they 're caught , the only thing that can happen to them is that they will be send back to the czech republic . 
  they know they ca n't be returned to syria or eritrea . 
  they know they have shitty prospects in any ee country . 
  they literaly have nothing to lose by trying to sneak into germany . 
  yet , none of this is being addressed . 
  even though everyone knows that it 's happening . 
  let 's better put blame on cee countries again and ignore that our retarded system does n't work . 
  this entire situation is like a bad joke . 
  it 's clear that the system is n't working , yet people like you ( no offense , i have nothing against you personally ) keep going : `` but if they system could work , it would be a good system and it would help fix our problems '' . 
  only it just does n't work . 
  i honestly can not understand how are people not willing to see this . 
  i just do n't understand it . 
  i get that you want it to work , but just because you want it to work does n't mean it 's going to work . 
  the relocation scheme has been in place from september 2015 and so far , no effective measures were taken to prevent the migrants from leaving their assigned countries . 
  nothing was done about it . 
  unless we dismantle schengen , there is nothing stopping the migrants from crossing the borders . 
  my country already accepted refugees , directly from refugee camps in the middle east . 
  they left to germany shortly after they arrived here . 
  you know what germany did when you caught them ? 
  gave them asylum and let them stay . 
  despite the fact that our authorities were willing to take them . 
  nobody was returned . 
  so when you say that we need to relocate and then be harsh - great , but it does n't happen . 
  it 's been almost two years and it 's still not happening . 
  the eu and its member countries are incapable of enforcing the system . 
  they have been incapable of enforcing it when the numbers of relocated people were low , why should we believe that they will be any more capable when the numbers are higher ? 
  basically what you say : i would like to have this system , because i believe it can work well . 
  only the reality proves that it does n't . 
  and the commission simply refuses to acknowledge it . 
   to me personally it 's more important as a precedent - member states ca n't be left alone with that burden . 
  so basically it 's a symbollic gesture for you ? 
  never mind that the system is broken and does n't work , the only important thing is that we show solidarity and can feel like we 've done the right thing . 
  never mind that the refugees have no interests whatosever in staying in cee countries . 
  never mind that this will only help politicians like orb\u00e1n or kaczynski . 
  it 's all worth it , because much solidarity . 
  we 're going to force the refugee to go to countries where they do n't want to go and then we 're going to pretend like they 're not leaving those countries immediately . 
  and i 'm worried about the consequences and pissed at the commission that they 're pushing for a non-working system despite knowing that it will help exactly the politicians that they complain about . 
  it 's absolutely certain that our government will not accept anyone before the general elections ( provided that we still have a government by that time ) , so we can probably expect a lawsuit sometimes before the general and presidential elections . 
  that 's gon na be so great , i really ca n't wait for zeman to use it .
