  all the people that study these mostly just party and fuck around anyway . 
  as an engineer i can say that we could use the extra funding in research very , very much . 
  yeah , i see one bad research and suddenly all social sciences are useless and all social sciences students just party and fuck around . 
  whereas all engineer just study hard , there are no lazy students there . 
  do they teach you to make ignorant generalizations in your engineering classes ? 
  i 'm voting for the incompetent hack , 
  yeah , i also think it 's just a bad mistake . 
  and as i said , i can kinda understand how they made it in czech , but i really do n't get the slovak version where they just literaly came up with a completely differe n't sentence that means something absolutely different from the english version . 
  it 's really strange , you 'd think that stats from the eu would be professional and reliable , but apparently , you ca n't even rely on that . 
  what is the most absurd thing about this is not that they made a mistake , that just happens to everyone . 
  but i ca n't understand how nobody noticed it and how they just turned this into an official study . 
  i mean seriously , nobody who was involved in this research found it weird that czechs would be less ` comfortable ' with their kid marrying an atheist than highly-religious countries in the eu ? 
  nobody found it weird than in every question a disproportionate number of czechs ( compared to the eu average ) answer with `` it does n't matter to me '' instead of choosing a number from the scale ? 
  nobody bothered to check the translation again ? 
  i mean , seriously , what czech/slovak people did the hire to work for them , some complete idiots , or what ? 
  and what would be the purpose of this ? 
  what would they gain by ` proving ' that czechia and slovakia are racist ? 
  it 's not just in the czech version , it 's also in the slovak version . 
  the slovak version is arguably even more wtf , because they just randomly dropped a completely different translation for the 7-10 part . 
  in the czech version , i could perhaps see how it could have been a mistake . 
  perhaps they started to translate the 1-4 part first and there the translation more or less fits . 
  when you use ` p\u0159\u00edjemn\u00e9 ' in a negative way , i.e. 
  ` nen\u00ed mi to p\u0159\u00edjemn\u00e9 ' , you could translate that as ' i feel uncomfortable about it ' . 
  yes , it 's not precise , but it does n't completely change the meaning . 
  then perhaps without thinking too much about it , they translated it the same for the positive parts , without realizing that using ` p\u0159\u00edjemn\u00e9 ' in a positive context has a different meaning . 
  but i really have no idea at all wtf happened in the slovak version . 
  the survey is 2 years old , so at this point , it does n't really matter . 
  i just hope that this was a one-time blunder and not something that happens often in these eu surveys , because a mistake like this really makes the survey completely useless when comparing different countries . 
  does n't change the fact that these the questions are incorrectly translated which is highly unprofessional from an institution like eurostat . 
  nobody says that there 's no xenophobia or racism in the czech republic , but you ca n't just ask people different questions , because then the results simply can not be compared . 
  they did the same in slovak , i.e. 
  the number 10 in the scale of 1-10 was literaly translated as `` i would have a very good feeling about it ' instead of ' i would be comfortable about it ' . 
  yeah , but mainly the question should be the same in each country . 
  i checked the slovak version and in the slovak version it went like this : 7-10 - i would have a good feeling about it . 
  5-6 - it would be relatively pleasent . 
  1-4 - it would be unpleasent . 
  and then the polish version : 7-10 - nie przeszkadza\u0142oby 5-6 - raczej by nie przeszkadza\u0142oby 1-4 - przeszkadza\u0142oby i mean , even 1st year students of sociology would do a better job than eurostat . 
  i looked it up and it 's true . 
  they basically asked ` how pleasent would it be for you if your child dated person x ' . 
  it 's very difficult to translate it correctly , because the world ` p\u0159\u00edjemn\u00e9 ' has different connotations in czech depending on the context . 
  when you use it in a negative way , i.e. 
  it feels unpleasant to me ) it could indeed be also translated also as ` it makes me feel uncomfortable ' . 
  but when you use it in a positive way , i.e. 
  `` je mi to p\u0159\u00edjemn\u00e9 '' it literaly means ` it feels pleasant/it 's pleasent to me '' . 
  it does not mean ` i 'm comfortable about it ' . 
  this caused that in the czech answer sheet , significantly more people answered by saying that they do n't care either way , i.e. 
  they did n't pick any number on the 1-10 scale compared to the eu average , but those people are then not counted under those who are ` comfortable ' . 
  and also , as i have just found out , they translated the czech version wrong . 
  ok , so i decided to actually look up what the question in the czech version vs the english version was . 
  and man , eurostat fucked up . 
  i hope they do n't do all their surveys like this . 
  basically they asked people to say how comfortable they would be on the scale of 1-10 , but in the czech version , they translated ` comfortable ' as ` p\u0159\u00edjemn\u00e9 ' . 
  the problem is that ` p\u0159\u00edjemn\u00e9 ' could be much better translated as ` pleasent ' in english . 
  essentially what they asked in english was ` would you be ok if your kid dated person x ' , whereas in czech they asked ` would you be happy if your kid dated person x ' . 
  though i realize even this is not an absolutely accurate translation , the nuances are actually very difficult to properly translate , but it 's much closer to the reality than what eurostat came up with . 
  as a result , in the czech version , many more people replied that they would n't care either way , i.e. 
  they did n't choose any number on the 1-10 scale compared to the eu average . 
  but then these people obviously were not counted in the final number of people who are ` comfortable ' . 
  the was already adressed in this thread , the proportion of christians is too small in the czech republic to make this kind of difference + there are definitely some atheists who would have a problem dating a christian . 
  what you 're saying would make sense , if the survey was asking a disproportionate amount of ( highly conservative ) christians in the czech republic , but then that kind of sample is n't representative . 
  plus it 's not just about the dating life . 
  there are other questions in this survey and according to those , large part of the czech population would have a problem with having an atheist co-worker . 
  and that 's just absolutely absurd . 
  the amount of christians in the czech republic who would be this ultra-conservative is absolutely tiny . 
  yeah , i know , i noticed that later on as well . 
  there must be some mistake in the methodology of the survey , otherwise i ca n't explain those numbers . 
  why would a regular partner be a christian when most people in the czech republic are irreligious ? 
  atheists do n't have this kind of negative connotation in the czech republic . 
  yeah , something about the methodology of this survey is weird . 
  and then ` atheist ? 
  nope ' . 
  that 's just extremely strange when the vast majority of czechs are atheists . 
  that would be the case if we had low results everywhere , but we have a high one in the christian category and relatively low one in the atheist category and that 's just bullshit . 
  i would be willing to believe that my fellow nationals would n't want their kid to date a muslim or a black , but a low score for an atheist in a country which is majority irreligious ? 
  that 's just nonsense , eurostat must have messed up with the czech sample selection . 
  there is something weird about this survey . 
  when you look at part 2 , we are also supposedly more in favour of our kids being in a relationship with a christian than with an atheist . 
  that makes no sense . 
  eurostat must have fucked up with the czech sample selection or something . 
  i 'm starting to thing that in the case of the czech republic , they did this survey in some rural village in southern moravia , otherwise i ca n't possibly imagine how they got those last two results . 
  it simply makes no sense that there would be more people approving a relationship with a christian than a relationship with an atheist , when there are way more atheists in the czech republic than christians . 
  no , i 'm saying they 're vehemently against their kids moving abroad . 
  but some of them are also chauvinists , there 's no denying that . 
  also , it 's not czechians but czechs . 
  but ... hitler was from austria . 
  and we were a communist country . 
  it fits much better the other way around , we should be pink and austria should be green . 
  i think you might have mixed up austria and the czech republic . 
  i see , i misunderstood , i thought you meant that she never came to czechia ever again . 
  but yeah , i totally understand that it 's a big deal . 
  that 's exactly what my parents do n't want to happen - that i go somewhere , meet someone and stay there because of him . 
  and i bet that 's what your mum nowadays worries about . 
  she burnt the bridges like that , huh ? 
  i do n't mean to be nosy , but perhaps they did n't have very good relations in their family ? 
  i mean , sure , moving is one thing , but never ever returning to visit your parents ? 
  that 's kinda cold . 
  but anyway , i hear you . 
  my mum was also extremely worried about my erasmus . 
  i stopped counting how many times i have heard her telling me ` but do n't you find yourself a norwegian there ' in her ` i 'm joking , but not really ' voice . 
  my dad would just ` randomly ' drop facts supposedly proving how life in norway is not as appealing as it might seem .
