  and of course it 's a problem when some of these minority views happen to be dominant views in some of the member states . 
  just take the recent gun directive as an example . 
  the eu wants a new gun directive . 
  the czech republic does n't want a new gun directive , specially since we simply do n't have a gun violence problem despite our liberal gun laws . 
  we talk it through a lot with the eu and the `` compromise '' is that we get a new gun directive . 
  and it 's legally binding , so if we do n't implement it , we are gon na get fined . 
  and i 'm pretty sure that these kind of compromises is something that would be happening more and more if we gave the eu more authorities . 
  slovenia , slovakia and estonia are quite similar to the czech republic when it comes to economic development . 
  latvia and lithuania lag behing a bit more , but they 're still fairly stable , prospering economies . 
  all those countries are relatively fiscally balanced ( definitely compared to the south ) , they 're experiencing solid growth rates and have low or average unemployment compared to the eu average . 
   tier 1 was based on who was and who was n't in the opposition faction what opposition faction are you talking about ? 
   overall approval of the union which czech often ranks high compared to those mentioned . 
  in the newest eurobarometer , we were literaly the last in the percentage of people who see the eu as a good thing . 
  only 33 % of czechs saw the eu as a good thing . 
  the largest portion of czechs , 45 % , saw it as neither good nor bad . 
  i think if multi-tier eu actually happens , we 'll voluntarily choose to stay out of the core . 
  on the contrary , countries that you left out , like the baltics , slovenia or slovakia , already have euro and their populations are also more eu-friendly . 
  those countries are more likely to be in the tier 1 . 
  the czech republic does n't even have euro and our public is among the most eurosceptic populations in the entire eu . 
  we 're not ready for any further integration , apart from perhaps defense integration . 
  i get that you really really hate eastern european countries , but if you want to keep shitting on them , at least do it properly . 
  because if you think that joining aiib means that we do n't belong in the eu , then you should probably also kick out austria , denmark , finland , france , germany , italy , luxembourg , malta , netherlands , portugal , spain , sweden and the uk , who are all members as well . 
   i mean , it 's bad for european men on the dating scene , but it 's good for european women i mean , from a woman 's perspective - let 's be realistic here . 
  how many european woman do you think will want to date someone , who very likely : * holds values that are quite different from ours ( specially in terms of how they view the position of women in a society ) * from the social-economic point of view , he will very likely be much worse off than the local men ( on average ) - and women tend to not be attracted to unemployed men who ca n't contribute to the household * can hardly speak the woman 's language ( german ) and his level of english is often also pretty low i 'm not saying there will be no german woman-refugee guy couples , but claiming that this will somehow make any significant improvement for women at the dating scene is just laughable . 
   i mean , macedonia was just fine before this guy . 
  tensions have flared up in the last 3-4 years . 
  albania may be corrupt af , but it 's still a functioning democracy . 
  serbia was ok and doing well until vucic came in and made himself erdogan . 
  i 'm not an expert on balkan countries , so i do n't want to lecture you or anything , but i think it 's really not very precise to say that everything was just fine in macedonia 3-4 years ago or that serbia was doing ok and it only went to hell with vucic . 
  the reality is that the level of democratic standards in the balkans were always pretty low . 
  it 's my impression that after 89 the west jumped on the `` democracy is spreading everywhere '' euphoria , which of course was strongly disrupted by the yugoslav wars , but the overall idea that liberal democracy will just naturally spread everywhere in europe did n't die . 
  i actually know a czech man who works as an international observer in various countries in transition - you know , so he evaluates their election process and the overall democratic climate and these kind of reports are later used by the large international ngos who make those `` democracy index ratings '' and such . 
  he told me that in the 90s and early 00s , the atmosphere among these ngos and among western observers was very optimistic , almost borderlining with wishful thinking . 
  anything which resembled well functioning democracy tended to be placed in the `` democracy '' or `` partly democratic '' category , even when the actual situation was n't as good . 
  so when we nowadays here about declining democratic standards in the world , take it with a grain of salt , because we may compare it with data which were n't 100 % correct . 
  sweden has no exemption either and they held a referendum on joining euro , refused it and now they 're basically avoiding it indefinitely and nobody minds about it . 
  if we decide to do the same thing , i do n't see why it should be a problem in our case but not in the case of sweden . 
  our government would have to move towards erm ii , but nobody can force us into this . 
  the public in the czech republic is overwhelmingly against joining euro , so the politicians are unlikely to make any steps to enter erm ii . 
  add us to the mix . 
  we also agreed with the uk on many things within the eu so we 're gon na miss them a lot . 
  specially the power balance between euro and non-euro countries will shift massively once the uk leaves . 
  orb\u00e1n is good at this ` one step forward , one back , two forward , one back , one forward ... ' approach . 
  he 's been doing this the whole time he 's been in power . 
  he knows when it 's better to back down . 
  on the contrary pis will just go with their head against the wall when it comes to their principles . 
   and of course , oversimplifications like i just made are no where near capable of accurately describing the thousand-and-one unique situations . 
  exactly . 
  there is no universal answer to this . 
  each case is different and needs to be evaluated individually . 
  the first question that should be asked is whether there is a viable better alternative to the stable autocracy . 
  if not , then work with the regime . 
  try to create incentives for the regime to be as benevolent towards its people as possible . 
  if the regime does n't respond to this , then cut contacts . 
  but do n't try to destabilize the regime . 
  if there is a viable better alternative , then we have to ask ourselves - how likely is it that our support for this alternative will get it into power ? 
  how likely is it that the process will be peaceful ? 
  and if shit goes down , are we willing to put out the fire that we started ? 
  are we willing to make sacrifices ? 
  if not , then we need to stay out . 
  only when we 're willing to take responsibility for the possible negative consequences of our actions should we ever intervene in other countries . 
  i do n't think this is hypocritical at all . 
  we do n't have any right to risk other countries ' stability for the sake of helping democracy , if we 're not willing to actually make sure it will end well . 
  yeah , that 's what i 'm hoping as well . 
  it would be economically disastrous for us to leave . 
   how do you reconcile `` 80 % of us do n't want any mena refugees '' with `` those who apply via regular channels are treated fairly '' ? 
  =p uhm , because the authorities that decide on the individual applications do so based on the law and not based on what the population would like ? 
   the reason why i 'm still so insistent about this ( and also why i 'm quite frankly really damn triggered about you being so nonchalant about it ) well to be honest , i think you 're over-reacting and you 're being overly emotional about this . 
  of course that i do n't hate all muslims , if that 's what you think . 
  i realize that there are many liberal and reformist muslims and i would have zero problems with those coming to my country . 
  however at the same time , i think many of those muslims which are described as ` moderate ' are in reality conservative as fuck . 
  just because someone is n't a fan of isis does n't mean he 's moderate . 
   when you make statements like that , you 're putting yourself into an extremist category . 
  hmm , perhaps in germany . 
  over here it 's mainstream . 
   when someone on our right-wing says `` build a wall and prevent them from coming '' they mean `` build a wall , stop all refugees and let them rot wherever '' . 
  what i meant was - build a wall to protect our borders , stop everyone there and transfer them to the designed camps for irregular migrants . 
  ideally those camps would be located outside of the eu . 
  if that 's not possible then keep them in the first arriving country . 
  i do not advocate for bad conditions in the camps . 
  the conditions there should be as human as possible . 
  however i advocate for eliminating the incentives for migrants and refugees to come irregularely to europe . 
  that 's why i do n't want those who come irregularely be accepted in europe . 
  countries which are willing to take refugees then could take as many of refugees as they want directly from the refugee camps close to the conflict zones . 
  this would put a priority on these respecting the rules and as a result it would create an incentive to respect the rules . 
  hopefully in the long term it would also help greece and italy . 
  would some genuine refugees be screwed up by this ? 
  well yes , but they would n't die because of this , the camps would be a save place for them . 
  however i fail to see how germany 's approach is so much better . 
  you basically say `` we 'll accept you all as long as you can get here . 
  those of you who are too poor , too sick or just too decent to travel as illegal immigrants - you 're shit out of luck and you 're gon na stay where you are '' . 
  all i 'm arguing is to give the priority to people who are respecting rules . 
   when your message is that `` they will not enjoy the life in rich we countries that he/she seeks '' then you 're actively undermining any legitimate reason to become a refugee . 
  i 'm not undermining anything , those refugees that are fleeing from perfectly ok countries , who just happen to not be sweden or germany , are doing this themselves . 
  i 'm sorry that i 'm not overly ethusiastic about helping someone who do n't want our help anyway . 
   all of the above , i 'd have no issue going into them . 
  but if your baseline is `` fuck them , i do n't want any mena/muslim immigrants , period . '', 
  i 'm perfectly aware that there are many people from mena which are completely fine people . 
  i 'm specially concerned about atheists or lgbt people living in mena . 
  but that is n't the point here at all .
