  it would be pretty hypocritical to complain about it only when we 're the target , since my nation does exactly the same thing to other nations . 
  hmm , i do n't think they would get czech citizenship soon , do n't you have to live for at least 5 years in cz to be even able to ask for czech citizenship ? 
  this a quite old case actually . 
  it all happened back in april . 
  the redistrubution was not done by the eu , they were relocated directly from iraq by a czech ngo with a cooperation of the czech government . 
  i 'm not sure how much was the unhcr involved , but they did have this in their records of refugee redistribution plans , so they were at least aware that this is happening . 
  formally refusing asylum in this context means that they were granted the refugee status very soon after they entered cz , but after a few weeks , they have send a formal letter to the czech interior ministry and refused the asylum in cz . 
  after this , they were no longer considered refugees under czech law and were orderded to leave back to their home country or somewhere where they could legally go with iraqi citizenship . 
  about 20 of them illegally left to germany instead and asked for asylum there again . 
  few days after that another group tried to do the same thing , but this time czech police caught them at the borders , did n't allow them to go to germany and after that they voluntarely left to iraq . 
  8 more left directly to iraq as well due to the grandparents being homesick . 
  so only around 20-30 are still staying in the country . 
  about 80 more were to come before the whole project got canceled . 
   but did n't the west and the eu look to help a lot to get ee to rebuild again ? 
  did the rest of ee expect to get the same treatment as east germany , which still lags behind western germany ? 
  no , of course not , we 're not stupid to think that germany will treat us the same as their own people in eastern germany . 
  i ca n't speak for other ee countries in this regard , but at least in cz , i do n't feel there 's really any sense of entitlement . 
  yes , the general consensus is that we got fucked over in munich and yalta , but we 're also very critical of ourselves and i do n't think anybody here thinks that the west has some duty to help us economicaly . 
  but what 's also mentioned here quite often is that the help that we get from the eu is not one-sided and that we pay for in other ways - mostly because in the 90s and early 00s , the agreements which we had with west turned out to be more profitable for you than for us , since you kept protective measures in sectors which back then were very important for us ( edit : just to be fair , i was talking about the bilateral trade agreements which were more profitable for the west , but we also did get some 300 million euros through the phare program and another 100 milion through another program . 
  so yes , we did get some financial help from the eu after 89 ) . 
  after joining the eu , we started to profit more , but a lot of people here actually question the usefulness of the eu funds , since they are seen as something that is often wasted on stupid projects , encourages corruption and skews the free market . 
  and also - people are just stupid to put it bluntly . 
  they see the downsides of eu very easily , but do n't often see the benefits , which are taken for granted . 
  and i think many people actually do feel some sort of gratitude for the political support we got in the 90s , but they will get very defensive once you start with this `` we helped you , so you owe us '' narrative . 
  once you go there , people who would otherwise never mention the past , will go `` oh yeah ?!, 
  so we owe you ? 
  but you 're the reason we are in this position in the first place , you screwed us over , so you do n't get to tell us this shit '' . 
  i really do n't like this blame game , but even i sometimes feel very annoyed listening to westerners calling us ungrateful . 
  specially if it 's some smugg juncker-style asshole . 
   the consequences if a war breaks out would be horrible for germany aswell . 
  this does n't necessarily have to be about a war breaking out . 
  putin does n't really need to start a war to accomplish his goals . 
  what he needs is a credible threat that he could start it and get away with it and other actors will be forced to change some of their policies to prevent him from carrying out such a threat . 
  from what we know about the history the western europe might actually pressure the baltics , poland or romania to accommodate some of the russian demands , so that the war can be avoided and you do n't look bad for not honoring your commitments . 
  this already happened to us in 1938 , we were not just pressured by germany , but also by our then-allies france and the uk . 
  is that likely to happen again ? 
  well probably not , but you ca n't rule that out . 
   what then pisses meoff is that there are no suggestions at all for a better solution that is sustainable in the long term and also adheres to the international treaties we all subscribed to . 
  if someone had this magical solution that would be great . 
  but the reality is , that nobody really knows how to deal with the demographic , political and climate time bomb waiting in africa and the middeast in the long term . 
  what we do know by now though , is that the current relocation system will not work . 
  i think we will eventually have to start a massive scale version of australia 's migration policy , even if the human rights organizations will call us all nazis ( nothing new for germans or eastern europeans really , so just the rest of the eu will have to get used to that   this is the mot dangerous part for ee if that actually were to happen and a lot here depends on the context this happens in and what the reaction of the people are . 
  this is one scenario though where i could see we not jumping to the aid of the baltics . 
  i agree . 
  i think there 's very little chance of the we defending ee in case that the us gets out of europe completely . 
  that 's why the talks about eu army , or eu leading the defense in europe , independent of nato are just silly . 
  the southern europe and france could n't care less about ee , germany is above all pacifistic , and the uk will not go alone in this , specially if they leave the eu . 
  so yeah , fingers crossed for hillary . 
   can you explain to me why it seems that ee seems to live so much in the past ? 
  it 's still quite fresh . 
  you need to undertstand that for us ww2 did not quite end in 1945 , but in 1989 . 
  and we 're still dealing with the consequences . 
  i know the same goes for germany to some extent , but the difference is that we did n't start the whole thing . 
  i do n't believe many people here hold grudges against germany or western europe though . 
  we largely did move on . 
  there is just this slight distrust present . 
  i do n't think this means we live in the past , it 's just that we evaluate the experience we have and draw conclusion from it and unfortunately the experience is that western europe abandoned us before and right now signals what we interpret as a lack of commitment to defend ee ( even if you interpret it otherwise ) . 
  you also see this from your position , but for germany it 's easy to not hold grudges or generally just assume that being diplomatic with putin will work , because if you 're wrong , the consequences will not be as severe for you . 
  whereas if we put our trust completely in the western europe and will do what you want ( i.e. 
  not doing what you see as provoking russia ) and this turns out to be a bad strategy , ee will be the first to suffer from this . 
  so this is really not just about us being petty and living in the past , this is just about being careful . 
  unlike you we can not afford to not be careful . 
   it is more about not wanting exercises that are only there to escalate a conflict that we do not have to escalate . 
  that it would be wiser to talk . 
  but this is not the way the baltics or poland see it . 
  for them , more troops = better deterent = smaller chance of russia trying something . 
  we also do not want to escalete the conflict , who would want a war , really ? 
  we have the same goal , it 's only that we have different opinions on how to prevent the war from happening . 
  i respect that you think the opposite strategy would work better ( not sending troops to the baltics and instead talk to russia ) , but i just simply disagree with it . 
  so no , we do not want to provoke russia for the sake of provoking russia , we just simply do n't see this as provocation , but as the right strategy to prevent a war with russia . 
   is n't this exactly the kind of zero-sum train of thought that you were critizing in putin ? 
  yes , but the definitions of what is beneficial to us ( ee ) and to putin are very different . 
  putin 's interest is to get his influence back over us , whereas we have absolutely no desire to have any influence over russia . 
  our only interest in regards of russia is that they leave us alone . 
  so him losing the zero sum game means he has no influence over us , whereas us losing means we 're back under his influence . 
  i think you can see the difference here . 
   so you want germany to put the interests of its allies before its own ? 
  do you think it would be a good idea to have to rely on a country like ukraine to pass through when you could also use a direct pipeline from russia ? 
  i know that the debate about nord stream is not black and white and i quite understand germany 's position in this . 
  as i said , i understand that germany is putting germany first and i agree that ee is doing the same thing in most cases and that nord stream is not just about geopolitics , but also about money . 
  some ee countries would lose transit money and germany would save some . 
  it 's perfectly logical that germany would like to save the money . 
  however it also gives putin leverage over ee , because he can also treathen to switch off the supplies to ee without also switching the supplies to we . 
  this again leaves us in vulnerable position . 
  i think there are some reverse pipelines , so that we could actually get the supplies from the we and we also get some from norway , so we would n't be cut off completely , but ukraine would have a much harder time . 
  they 're broke already , they need the transit money . 
  i know most germans do n't give a shit about ukraine , it 's actually hard to give a shit about them , since they 're so horribly corrupted . 
  i guess that because we went through the transition times not so long ago , it makes me more symphatetic to their struggle . 
   but has n't germany put the eu interests ahead of the german national interests so many times ? 
  are n't these completely interwoven anyways ? 
  yes , they mostly do allign . 
  i would not say that germany is putting eu interests ahead of their national interests , i think they just mostly are n't in conflict , on the contrary , very often what 's useful for eu is useful for germany as well . 
  but i 'm not such an expert on germany 's foreign policy , so i could be wrong . 
   also eastern europe is working hard to undermine the eu aswell , at least when it comes to them giving instead of taking . 
  yes , i understand why you would think so . 
  i do n't want to get into the refugee quotas debate again , i think the whole system is silly and has exactly zero chance of working in real life , even if ee cooperated fully . 
  but that 's not the point here . 
  ee definitely can be partly blamed for the current situation of the eu . 
  guys like orb\u00e1n or the whole pis party are just appaling and are making everything worse . 
  both we and ee are to blame .
