  i do n't think that this signals that we do n't care abou the referendum , at least in cz , i 'm pretty sure most of the politicians want the uk to stay , not only because of the economic reasons and because they 're worried that it might spark more separatism , but also because they do n't want to be left in the union with even stronger germany and france . 
  yep , as i said , i 'm not trying to blame germany , it 's absolutely obvious that germany is not sucessful just because of euro . 
  the same way southern european countries are not falling behind just because of euro . 
  there are many factors playing a role in this and euro is just one of those factors . 
  not trying to be dramatic . 
  of course it 's getting better in poland and other ee countries . 
  just saying that the gap between we and ee is still very big and it is getting smaller very slowly . 
  so slowly that we might be stopped before we reach it due to other factors . 
   it takes time , but the results eventually arrives . 
  yeah , tell me about . 
  it really takes time . 
  a lot of time . 
  with the current pace we might catch up with the western europe maybe in what 2050 ? 
  or never , because by that time , we will all either be crippled by the demographic trap , or the economic model will change so drastically due to the automation and development of ai that no predictions made today will make any sense . 
  trying to boost the economy by promoting cheap labour is not just politically harder , that 's politically impossible in western europe . 
  you could also argue that it 's a step back , here in eastern europe we 're trying to escape this economic model , although not very succesfully so far . 
  well it 's also not only the lack of success of spain , italy or france . 
  it 's more complex than that . 
  i 'm not trying to blame germany , i think this whole demonizing of germany is stupid and obviously france , italy and spain did not manage everything perfectly in the past decades , but the thing is - you will always have ( by the very definition ) places with trade surplus and places with trade deficit . 
  not all countries can have trade surpluses , not all countries can be export-based , because naturally someone has to buy all the exported stuff . 
  if one country is very strong at export , other country has to be strong at import . 
  in a system where every country has its own currency this is partly compensated , because the weakly performing country 's currency devalues automatically , thus the export of this country gets a boost . 
  this does n't happen in the case of eurozone . 
  so it 's not just the poor performance of spain , italy or france that keeps the eurozone down , it 's also the fundamental flaw of the system . 
  it was n't , you can indeed send whoever you want . 
  kinda sucks for the well educated people who will have no legal way to get to europe though . 
  you will at least give them a permit to work in turkey ? 
  well i would n't say we really `` nearly took over '' italy , there is still a gap . 
  but anyway , it was meant to be a bit tongue-in-cheek , i know we 're not doing that bad , it could be worse . 
  still we are not really catching up with countries like germany or austria , it 's more like other ee countries are catching up with us . 
  so overall - yeah , i 'm not that happy . 
  we could be doing better , the potential was/is there , we 're just not using it properly due to our own shortcomings . 
  i know , right ? 
  these threads are depressing . 
  good point , i did n't know about that . 
  why do you think they want a conflict ? 
  what is their reasoning ( if there is any ) ? 
  huh , really ? 
  here orb\u00e1n and his actions in hungary were always a non-topic . 
  i literaly do n't remember a governmental figure saying anything about hungary or what we should or should n't do about orb\u00e1n . 
  actually i think our previous government had little interest in the whole v4 cooperation altogether . 
  but yeah , orban is definitely very skillful in what he does , there 's no doubt about that . 
  article 7 procedure was in the treaties way before orb\u00e1n got in power . 
  yes , you 're right , the polish government is way more clumsy than orb\u00e1n . 
  i think you 're overestimating the level of cooperation between v4 . 
  v4 is just an informal group , we only work together where our interests allign . 
  before the migrant crisis , the main topics were energy policy , military cooperation and eastern partnership , now we work more closely because of the migrant crisis , but orban got in power in 2010 , way before the migrant crisis happened . 
  internal affairs were never something v4 discussed , there are no mechanisms , no legal procedures that we could use to put pressure on hungary , v4 is essentially a debate club . 
  i 'm also not aware that we or poland protected hungary on the eu level , poland back then was one of the most pro-eu country , we were always a bit more eurosceptic , but i do n't remember us declaring that we would block any sort of action against hungary . 
  this was originally a satire , it was supposed to make fun of the rise of extremism in europe . 
  then it got a lot of fans on facebook , so the people behind it decided to actually really start producing it in limited numbers . 
  well i guess in general you 're right , but it 's now been 6 years since orb\u00e1n got in power in hungary . 
  it also does n't look like his position is weakening at all . 
  i do n't think so , the whole article 7 procedure that could suspend voting rights and put sanctions on the violating country was in the treaties way before orban got to power . 
  there were even discussions that it could be applied on hungary , but then it did n't happen . 
   this is exactly why we 've got a system for putting pressure on countries to keep their democratic standards , so we 've got each other back and everytime one country is at risk of going rogue , we can help it not spin out of control . 
  that system does n't really work so well . 
  orb\u00e1n already got away with so much shit and eu did n't do anything . 
  now he will block any serious action that could be taken against polish government . 
   i guess ending our neutral stance is a bad thing and what could the russians really want from us ? 
  that 's the problem , we do n't know . 
  russia is not a democratic country , there is no check and balance system , so they can be very unpredictable . 
  nobody can see in the heads of putin or his inner circle . 
  they may behave perfectly rationaly and just conclude that sweden or the baltics are not worth any troubles . 
  but the way it looks , putin sees this a geopolitical struggle . 
  he will not just consider `` ok , invasion of gotland would probably cost me xxx and i can get back xxx '' . 
  for him it might be more about the overall improvement of the power status of his country . 
  it 's still unlikely that he would try anything , the risks are simply too high , but the point is , you ca n't completely rule it out . 
  nobody expected the crimea annexation either . 
  not saying that the situation of ukraine and sweden is similar , but it just demonstrates that russia can make swift , surprising decisions . 
  another dangerous situation could arise if there were some massive protests/social uprisings in russia due to the economic situation . 
  again , it 's not likely to happen , but you ca n't rule that out . 
  you would be surprised what people can do to keep themselves in power . 
  starting a military adventure in non-nato country to unite russia against a common enemy could be a way to gain back the support of the population . 
  sure , it would be very risky , but if putin felt that his very position is threatened , he would n't have anything to lose . 
  this is obviously all speculation and i 'm sure that experts in your country are now very busy assesing all the possible risks . 
  that 's for you to decide . 
  it was definitely good for us . 
  but then we were in a different situation . 
  the way i see it , nato for sweden would be like extra insurance . 
  you probably wo n't need it and you will have to pay something for it ( russia will be super butthurt and hostile + you ca n't be neutral anymore , you commit yourselves to collective protection of all member states ) , but then if something serious happens , you really want to have the best insurance , do n't you ? 
  so then it really comes down to how likely you think that something serious will happen . 
  if you think it 's super unlikely , then i guess there 's no need to join nato . 
  if you think that there is a very small , but somewhat not insignificant chance that russia might try something , then joining nato would really makes sense . 
  what 's definitely not a good idea is to wait for a serious crisis to happen and then panic and try to join nato quickly . 
  because all member countries have to agree to accept a new country and i 'm pretty sure that in this scenario there would be countries saying `` no , not a good time now , let 's not escalete this , let 's not upset russia , we do n't want to start a war '' . 
  so really this `` nah , it 's not that bad now , let 's wait and see and if shit gets serious , we can quickly apply for membership and it will be alright '' is not really a good approach . 
  it 's as if russia actually wanted sweden to join nato . 
  no , you 're right , it was always africans , which is hardly surprising , since you know ... it kinda makes sense geographically . 
  what is surprising ( at least to me ) is that libyans are not in the top nationalities , instead it 's people from the central part of africa . 
  that 's a bit weird since the situation in libya seems to be very instable and libya is the coast country . 
  it kinda makes me worry that there is another big wave that has n't arrived yet . 
  yeah , ok , but the most busy routes are/were the greek route and the italian route . 
  these statistics show the numbers of arrivals since january 1st 2016 - so it counts all the people coming to greece before eu made a deal with turkey and the flow of migrants coming to greece more or less stopped . 
  so naturally it shows that majority of people arriving are syrians , since syrians are the major group coming from turkey to greece . 
  but it does n't say anything about the nationalities coming exlusively to italy . 
  because it counts all the migrants coming through the mediterranean sea together . 
  but this article is about the migrants coming to italy and most of these migrants are not syrians . 
  this is statistics for people arriving both to greece and italy . 
  if you count people coming only to italy , you will get different results , most of the migrants coming to italy are from africa , not syria or iraq .
