  but i do n't think that just because they happen to be richer than us , they are somehow more entitled to voice criticism while we should be just happy about everything . 
   well to be fair the criticism which i see from pis and orb\u00e1n makes me understand that attitude . 
  they complain about the eu because it criticises their own super illiberal tendencies , and still receiving eu funding . 
  i 'm not fan of kaczynski and orb\u00e1n , but it 's really not as black and white as you describe it . 
  if it only was that easy to say orb\u00e1n and kaczynski = authoritarian assholes hellbent on destroying democracy in their country , while the eu = generous protector of liberal values that is so kind to give charity money to poor cee countries . 
  but it 's not that easy , the situation is way more complex than that . 
   most people here saw the eu as a guarantor of peace and economic growth , and they feel like people in the net-receiving countries should be happy that they 're getting the money they 're getting and stop complaining . 
  yeah , well , that 's a problem . 
  we did n't get the memo that receiving the eu funds means we have to shut up and never complain about anything the eu does . 
  perhaps you should have put that in the treaties , so that there would n't be this unfortunate misunderstanding . 
  no , i 'd say trump and brexit have had zero effect on the quality of our political culture . 
  in the czech repulic , left-wing and right-wing labels do n't really mean what they often mean in the western europe , so i would not say your ideas would be considered 100 % far-left . 
  they would however be considered crazy by the vast majority of the society . 
  you would definitely raise a lot of eyebrows with these opinions . 
  it will take generations to fix this , but if there is a trend of the young russians integrating , then there 's at least hope that it will slowly get better . 
   but i should have realized it would become focused on nazis . 
  yeah , i mean , when you say ` germans conquering europe ' , usually ` nazis ' is what comes to people 's minds in europe . 
  it 's an immediate association . 
  but ok , even if we ignore that whole nazi element and pretend like germans would only by interested in unifying european nations , without the active genocide/deportation/enslavement / germanization of nations they did n't consider aryan , i would still not regret it . 
  germany in the 1930s and 1940s was a brutal cult-like dictatorship . 
  even if we ignore the genocide , it was still a really bad place to live . 
  or would you like to live in a dictatorship ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  yeah , but their idea of europe kinda did n't involve any slavic people . 
  when nazis were talking about ` european unity ' , it was a completely different concept than what would today be understood as european unity . 
   my intention was to get opinions , not to defend his position . 
  i understand that it 's not your position , but seriously what kind of opinions did you expect ? 
  most europeans nowadays understand what nazis did in europe . 
  they know what horrors they brought to the occupied nations . 
  they know what happened to the jewish people . 
  i ca n't imagine anyone regretting that nazis did n't succeed , apart from ... well , neo-nazis . 
   and the final solution did n't really start until 1941 , so i guess you could speculate ( if you were being generous ) that if churchill had accepted hitler 's peace offer in 1940 , the worst might not have happened . 
  uhm , no , i think you yourself know that nazis ' hate for jews had nothing to do with how the war at the western front went . 
  also they were n't really fighting for ` european ' culture , not even in their propaganda , they were open about fighting for what they considered aryan race and culture and whatever was under their control that did n't fit those criteria was supposed to eliminated ( killed , deported or germanized ) . 
   anyway i agree that it 's a somewhat depressing outlook on human nature , but it comes from a conservative communist . 
  honestly , it 's almost and offensive question to ask given that as a historian , he/she must know what nazis were doing in europe . 
  i bet he/she would n't like if we asked him/her whether he/she regrets that japan did n't succeed in conquering china . 
  there is a difference between having a unification war and having a war of annihilation and extermination . 
  nazis did n't just aim to unite europe , they aimed to ( and they did ) commit genocide against millions of people . 
  wtf . 
  does that historian realize that this ` blood sacrifice ' meant an organised large scale genocide of an entire race of people and if it was n't stopped it would continue with other nations east of germany ? 
  so no , i really do n't regret that nazi germany did n't succeed , since if they did , my nation probably would n't even exist in the form that it exists today . 
  i do n't think it 's that weird really . 
  most people do n't care that much about foreign policy anyway , they definitely have n't been following everything that german politicians have been doing and saying in regards of refugees in the past several years or so . 
  or do you think that german people have some complete picture of what the czech political scene was doing/saying ? 
  i do n't think so , they more so also know just a few things , of which part is probably wrong/misleading . 
  you ca n't really expect people to be fully educated about other countries ' foreign policy . 
  our people are barely educated about our own foreign policy . 
  i 'm not saying that the view is perfectly accurate and fair . 
  most people simply just remember merkel 's `` wir schaffen das '' and how she said that all syrians will be granted asylum in germany if they get there . 
  germany is also seen as the main proponent of the quota system which is opposed by a huge majority in the czech republic . 
  many people simply think that germany 's behaviour and policies are a massive pull factor for the refugees/migrants and since germany ca n't possibly handle all of them , they want to dump them on us . 
  thanks for the additional info , i was just really shocked that your parents could still have the view they have even after this . 
   the way i see it , people forget the bad parts and only see the good ones . 
  my family lost property worth of hundreds of millions czech crowns , yet somehow my parents still vote communists , because it was better ( ??? ), 
  many people over here view germany as a country that arrogantly decided for the entire europe what the refugee policy should be like and then proceeded to force it on other countries including ours through the eu . 
  i would generally agree , but at the same time , i feel like some of the tensions occasionally appear even among the younger generation , but only when particularely sensitive things are discussed . 
  for example most young people would probably defend the czech side of the story if the sudetengerman issue was brought up . 
  but you 're right that in normal day-to-day life , there are really no significant tensions at all . 
  i mean , sure , some people do n't like germans , that 's for sure , but nowadays it 's more likely to be because of their refugee policy than because of ww2 . 
   are these no go zones real ? 
  is it true that there are places in london , amsterdam , brussels or malmo where it is not safe for the police to enter ? 
  depends on how you define a no-go zone . 
  if you think a no-go zone = place where police can not enter without being immediately attacked and where non-immigrants are attacked/killed/raped all the time , then no , those places do n't exist . 
  if you define it as a place where significant part of its inhabitants are people of foreign-background and where there is higher criminality , where women face a higher risk of sexual harassment on the streets and where sometimes police/ambulance workers are attacked , then yes , such places do exist in europe . 
   left wing media claims immigrants are good for the economy while right wing media claims that immigrants drain the social welfare because they are more likely to be unemployed than the local population . 
  do you agree with this ? 
  depends on what kind of immigrants . 
  some immigrant groups are a net-gain , while others are a net-loss . 
  it 's really a common sense that immigrants/refugees who do not speak the local language and who are poorly educated are unlikely to be a net gain for a country . 
  in 2015 , in most eu countries , non-eu immigrants had lower activity rate than locals . 
  [ source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/7437901/3-06062016-ap-en.pdf/225c8b96-2345-470d-8b87-c76a16525aa2 ) thus as you can see , when it comes to non-eu foreigners , their integration at the labour market does n't go that well in most of eu countries . 
   right leaning people claim that europe is facing a demographic shift in a sense that when you look at birth rates and immigration pattern , non western people might account to more than 10 % of the current population which can grow in the next few years . 
  importing people from a different culture and mentality will irreversibly change a country . 
  this is just impossible to generalize like this . 
  different european countries have different rate of foreign-born population . 
  while it 's for example true , that ethnic brits are nowadays a minority in london , it does n't mean the entire uk is like that . 
  let alone the entire europe . 
  overall the demographic shift is an extremely difficult topic . 
  on one hand you have people poiting out that foreigners still are a very small part even of the more diverse western european countries . 
  then you have other countering that by saying that while the percentage is low now , the immigrant population on average is much younger than the local population , so if you look at their share in the say , under 30 category , you get different numbers . 
  you could counter that by saying - ok , but should we automatically count all foreigners as problematic ? 
  are immigrants from other european countries , or from the rest of western world shifting the demographic too ? 
  what about east asians ? 
  or do we only count muslims in it ? 
  and do we count all muslims ? 
  or do we somehow calculate how many muslims are badly integrated and thus problematic ? 
  this all makes it very hard to say how serious the problem is . 
  that 's why you have one extreme saying it 's a non-issue and another extreme saying it 's an apocalypse . 
  as usual , the truth will be somewhere in the middle . 
   left leaning people i talk to said that even if europe takes in all syrian refugees , the population change will just be a drop in the bucket and that right wing media is just exaggerating claims to scare people . 
  do you agree with this ? 
  hyphothetically i agree that even accepting , say , 3 millions of syrian refugees seems like a small number compared to some 500 million of citizens of the eu . 
  however i do n't like when people use this argument , because it 's absolutely clear that the migrants/refugees are never evenly distributed like that . 
  they simply prefer to concentrate in certain areas , or even if they themselved do n't plan to segregate , the circumstances often push them . 
  accepting too many people in a short amount of time risks creating immigrant ghetto neighbourhoods , where the possibility of integration is limited . 
  short answer : no . 
  long answer : of course v4 as a bloc is stronger than individual v4 countries , however even together it does n't have a blocking minority . 
  and when we look at things purely formally , all v4 countries combined have still fewer people than germany alone ( thus weaking voting power ) . 
  informally , it gets even worse .
