  so yes , then you got plenty of these unregistered migrants , because of course italy and greece would have to be crazy to try to keep them all in their country . 
  but the fact that germany got a lot of asylum application does n't mean that you wanted to deal with the refugees - it only means that you had to , because they already were at your territory . 
  it was n't you voluntary decision to take them there . 
  if theoretically germany really wanted to act based on solidarity , then there already were hundreds of thousands of refugees in lebanon , jordan or turkey - you were free to make massive resettlement plans for them . 
  but that did n't happen . 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't blame germany for following their own interests , i just really do n't like the hypocrisy , so it annoys me when german politicians are using solidarity and morality when talking about how everyone in europe should adopt quotas . 
   i also did n't find any source for your claim of germany opposing a quota system . 
  well how about merkel herself as a [ source ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-germany-iduskcn1152iu ) ? 
   she said germany , which has taken in most of the more than 1 million refugees from the middle east and asia who arrived in the eu in the past year , had let spain and other eu border countries deal with the refugees on their own . 
  `` back then , we also rejected a proportional distribution of the refugees , '' she said . 
  merkel said germany had not supported models such as the frontex european border agency that would have impinged on the sovereignty of the eu member states . 
  `` we said we would deal with the problem at our airports since we do n't have any other external eu boundaries . 
  but that does n't work . '', 
  you 're right that at the end of 2014 , germany already started to re-consider their policies though . 
  but before that , germany very clearly did n't want to deal with the refugees/migrants . 
   germany has taken in more refugees and received more asylum applications ( per 1,000 inhabitants ) than italy every single year apart from 2008 in the past two decades . 
  i do n't think counting asylum applications is the right way to say how many people came to a country . 
  the problem in italy was precisely that they had too many people coming so they just did n't manage to register everyone , or they purposefully did n't want to register them , so they would not have to take the responsibility for them . 
  alternatively the migrants themselves refused to be registered , because they hoped to reach another country and did n't want to be returned back to italy from there . 
  when you have thousands of people refusing to apply for an asylum and instead camping in your cities in a hope to reach austria/switzerland/germany , then according to asylum statistic , you do n't have a problem , but in reality , you were much have a problem . 
   this crisis was largely caused by external factors so germany ca n't do much more than take in refugees but that 's exactly what you were refusing to do before 2015 . 
  you supported the dublin system and did n't want a quota-based system when italy asked for it . 
  suddenly when you could no longer keep them away from germany , you started to support quotas and demanded that others do so as well . 
   try to negotiate deals with countries the refugees originate from and providing development aid in those countries . 
  this has also been intensively happening only in the past 2 years , but i agree that it 's a good thing and hopefully it will bring the desired results . 
  alright , it was that and their worries about legal uncertainty . 
  still does n't change that germany would never offer to take these people from greece voluntarily if they were n't pushed into it . 
  nor has germany ever shown any interest in helping out italy with the migrants prior to 2015 . 
  i just do n't like the hypocrisy , when nowadays german politicians are all about solidarity , but they only seem interested in a common european solution once it became their problem as well . 
  and then proceed to preach the rest of europe about solidarity and the need to share the burden and so on . 
  when the only reason why germany accepted the refugees in the first place was because they were already marching to germany 's borders and german politicians were worried about ugly pictures . 
  but brussels is in the western europe . 
  so is strasbourg and the most important eu institutions are also in the western europe . 
  juncker is from luxembourg , which is in western europe . 
  his deputy , timmermans , is from netherlands , that 's also in the western europe . 
  there 's no one at the top eu position from a v4 country , apart from tusk . 
  so i do n't really see what 's wrong with saying that the eu institutions are western-european oriented and at the same time call ourselves central europe . 
  but ok , if we wanted to be precise , then perhaps it would be better to say that eu institutions are dominated by the older member states , while the newer member states are underrepresented . 
  do n't know why i should do that , since over here , we consider ourselves and other v4 countries central europe . 
  if you do n't agree with that , that 's your opinion , you can use whatever term you want , but i do n't see why you should tell other people what term to use . 
  i do n't think this is what he meant . 
  nuclear deterrence does n't have to be only against nuclear attacks , it can also deter a conventional attack . 
  if you were a country with a powerful military and you wanted to annex a piece of territory of another country , you 'd think twice about it if you knew that that country has nukes or an ally with nukes . 
  this thing totally infuriates me about pis . 
  tusk obviously is n't some perfect politician , however he 's doing a decent job at his current position . 
  he 's bringing a different perspective to otherwise western european-dominated brussels institutions . 
  he represents poland and our region definitely much better than any outsider could . 
  yet , you 're gon na torpedo his chances at re-election , just because he 's your political rival at home and you do n't like him . 
  seriously , pis , go fuck yourself . 
  you 're putting your own petty personal preferences above poland 's national interest . 
   sounds like czech is the workers paradise !, 
  haha , well if you can reach an above-average salary , then it 's not bad here at all . 
  in other cases , you wo n't be unemployed , but you 'll definitely not feel like in a paradise  and just a quick heads up - non-eu foreigners ca n't just come and start working here . 
  you either need a work permit for which you need a job offer ( and a lot of patience to deal with the bureaucraucy ) - but getting a job offer is actually not all that easy , since the employers have to give the priority to locals or eu citizens . 
  so you would have to have some good skills for them to justify hiring you . 
  alternatively you can get a freelance permit . 
  for that no job offer is needed , but you actually need to have a viable plan on how to work here as a freelancer ( which for most of the english speaking foreigners means teaching english , however it 's not the only option ) . 
  well , i do n't mean to dispute what you say , but you could probably come up with plenty of negatives in pretty much every country in the world . 
  australia still is a 1st world country despite all its flaws . 
  however if you hypothetically were to move here , you 'd be welcome , specially in the big cities . 
  there 's plenty of english speaking foreigners there already . 
  our immigration is almost purely work-motivated , since we 're simply not rich enough to attract any welfare tourists . 
  because of that , our immigrants actually have a higher employment rate than the natives and we also have the lowest poverty gap between our non-eu immigrants and the rest of the population ( natives + eu migrants ) . 
  but as people have pointed out in this thread , our salaries are still significantly lower than in the western europe ( cost of living partly compensates for that but not fully ) , except for the it field . 
  yep , it is a great field to be in . 
  even for fresh graduates . 
  my ex-boyfriends ' first it job paid significantly more than what the average salary for a university graduate is . 
  unfortunately other fields do n't really match this trend . 
  even if czech was n't required , why would greeks or spaniards move here when they can go to germany instead where the salaries are higher and the unemployment is only slightly higher ? 
   everyone is employed for a cup of rice daily , basically . 
  not everyone actually . 
  if you get good education at a ( free ) uni and if you work on your skills during the studies , you can reach to a relatively decent salary fairly quickly , specially in stem fields . 
  if you then compare those salaries to the cost of the living , the ratio actually is n't that bad . 
  i agree though that the salaries in other fields suck and obviously for low-skilled people , it 's even worse . 
   australia is going down the shitter wait , what ? 
  what are you talking about , what is wrong with australia ? 
  it seems like a perfectly nice place to live in . 
  nah , it 's definitely not just you . 
  people from the west just do n't like the call themselves immigrants , even when they 're staying in a foreign country for years . 
  guess the word immigrant just carries too many negative connotations . 
  knew it . 
  austrians were always an annoying bunch . 
  yeah , it 's depressing , but please do n't give up and go vote even if you do n't like the party that much . 
  i also still do n't know who to vote for , but i know that i absolutely have to go to vote , because if people like us do n't go to vote , then parties like the communists will have a higher share , because they 're the ones with a stable voting base . 
  their voters will come to the elections . 
  so for them , the lower the turnout the better . 
   most of them rely 100 % on their wives for everything though and are not really interested in learning the language . 
  i work with a couple of english and german guys who love it here but would n't last a week if it was n't for their wives doing everything for them . 
  well if it works for both them and their wives , than i guess that 's their business , but damn , it just sounds kinda sad . 
   it 's much easier with slovaks since they tend to be more outgoing and since they are also immigrants not confined to one friend group or people they grew up with . 
  i guess you 're right about them being more outgoing , but i must admit i always chuckle when someone says that slovaks are immigrants . 
  i have several friends among them as well and i never even considered them immigrants and they also do n't think of themselves as immigrants . 
  we actually sometimes joke about them studying/working `` abroad '' , since it just sounds kind of absurd , it really does n't feel like abroad to them . 
  you 're right though that they had to leave the people they grew up with , but that goes for many czechs as well , since a lot of us move out when going to university and then we find a new circle of friends . 
  welcome to the reality of czech politics . 
  i went to my first parliamentary elections in 2013 with exactly the same feelings . 
  and zero illusions . 
  i knew i had to vote for the lesser evil , this is just how it is . 
  we just have to keep trying electing the least bad option and hope that eventually the democratic culture in the society will develop enough to produce better politicians . 
  and of course we as citizens can also contribute to that , elections are n't the only activity available to us .
