  during this meeting the pm did indeed say that it is important to involve austria in central european cooperation and he did mention the slavkov cooperation group ( it was founded last year , so it 's too soon to judge how significant the cooperation will be ) . 
  this all really does n't indicate some sudden huge shift in the czech foreign policy . 
  v4 is still an important platform for us . 
  it 's just that we do n't agree with the `` counter cultural revolution '' rhetorics and we do n't want to further alienate everyone else in the eu . 
  our foreign minister and pm have been talking about trying to build back the bridges between the ee and we for some time now , so this really is n't that surprising . 
  however in this case the article is pretty legit . 
  they are quoting prouza , who is a social democrat , he has nothing to do with babi\u0161 . 
  this case just clearly shows that the current international law was not build for this type of refugees . 
  just have a look at the definition of a refugee in the geneva convention , it says nothing about a war , instead the word used is `` persecution '' , which kind of makes sense , since the geneva convetion was signed when cold war started and at that time the typical refugee coming to the western world was someone from the eastern bloc escaping the oppressive communist regime . 
  these regimes , unlike the current oppressive regimes in the middle east ( be it the government regimes or rebel regimes ) , had a tight control of the entire country . 
  so anyone escaping it had no chance but to go abroad and there was no chance of returning , since the regime had its border under control so anyone coming back would be spotted . 
  nowadays the countries from which refugees are escaping are experiencing various stages of a civil war ( or rather just terrorist/rebel insurgency in most cases ) and none of the fighting sides has a control of the entire country , the fighting also does n't take place in the entire country , so some areas of the country are relatively safe . 
  this means that civilians could theoretically escape to those areas and part of them actually do so , while others choose to flee abroad because safety is not the only thing they 're after , they want safety + economic stability and just better living conditions in general . 
  it is in a way completely understandable that they do this , on the other hand , it 's not sustainable for the western countries to continue tolerating it . 
  do n't worry , ireland is definitely not a key country for this to work . 
  the most important thing is whether france and germany can reach a deal on this . 
  if not , then we wo n't have any eu army . 
  if they however do find a compromise and will decide to try to push this through , i doubt they would let it all fall apart because of ireland . 
  you would very likely be granted an opt-out in this , maybe along with austria or sweden , which are also neutral on the paper and those countries in favour of the common army would go ahead without you . 
  it would be just totally politically stupid to force you into this , the same goes for quotas for refugees in ee countries . 
  when a certain issue is crucially important to the people and they 're overwhelmingly against it ( as is the case of ireland and the eu army or ee countries and refugees ) , the eu can not realistically force the country to go against the wishes of the people . 
   especially the `` border guard '' thing is a constitutional issue because our constitution prohibits the use of the military in domestic security issues well if the army was deployed in the mediterranean sea/african coast , then it would n't be germany 's domestic issue ? 
  also i do n't really understand that rule - does it mean that if germany is attacked by a foreign country ( i know , extremely unlikely , basically impossible , but still ) , you can not defend yourselves because it 's a domestic issue ? 
   it highlights the necessity to transfer a significant slice of national sovereignty to a european institution to allow for such an `` eu army '' to even exist and operate with any degree of efficiency . 
  i think the only feasible solution would be if the countries still kept their national armies and only provided a part of their forces/finances/weaponry to the eu army under the common command . 
  so there would some transfer of power , but the states would be allowed to still have a force of their own which they could us independently of the eu army . 
   and nobody can understand why the other states do n't share one 's own viewpoint . 
  i think everyone understands very well that we have different viewpoints and what are the reasons behind it . 
  i do n't think anybody is so stupid to not understand why , say , italy and the baltics have different security concerns . 
  in this case though , the rhetorics of the czech and hungarian pm seems to suggest that they would fine with using the army as a border guard or deploy it against the smugglers and they would probably not be against if some of the forces were active in small-scale interventions in the mena . 
  as the article mentioned , they 're trying to compensate for the lack of cooperation in the relocations by being more cooperative in defense matters which could help to ease the pressure on southern european countries . 
  so at least some conditions for reaching a reasonable compromise might be there , you 're right though that it would be probably impossible to get everyone aboard , specially the countries who are neutral ( ireland , austria , sweden ) . 
  wtf are you talking about , there are already plenty of western expats working here and nobody thinks of them as western imperialist pigs . 
  yeah , i know , i was just joking . 
  our media obviously reported on this as well , so we 're very well aware that it 's basically a bunch of bratty teenagers , certainly not representative of the whole danish population . 
  and it 's not like it 's just you , norwegian and swedish students make the same winter trips , only you guys were the first who made it to the press , so from that point , you kind of started to get the credit for all incidents that involve young drunken northern europeans . 
  hey , everyone can get shitfaced drunk . 
  drinking excessively and keeping it together at the same time is the true master level . 
  those noobs that you have been sending to prague in the past few years have definitely not yet reached this level . 
  next time send some real professionals and then we can have a conversation about who can or can not drink at our levels . 
   there 's no reason you wo n't catch up . 
  with italy or spain - yeah maybe . 
  but with other western/northern european countries ? 
  that will be very difficult . 
  we 're growing , but so are other we countries , so the gap is simply not closing fast enough . 
  and the truth is that we still have n't yet managed to fully transfrom from the `` cheap workforce , low-added value products '' economic model . 
  we are trying to focus on modernization , innovation and so on , specially since the current economic model is already hitting its limits when it comes to economic growth ( that 's why you can see slightly less developed countries like slovakia or poland scoring higher growth rates than us ) , but the transformation is hard . 
  it 's partly due to our own incompetence ( people who are highly capable and honest at the same time are very likely to stay far away from politics , so then 90 % of our politicians are scumbags or morons - or both ) , and also because racing with the we in innovation is like racing with someone who was given a few rounds of a headstart . 
  they already have the know-how , established infrastructure , more of accumulated wealth , as a result they can afford to put more money into education and science which then gives them even more of a headstart . 
  this makes it extremely difficult to close the gap with scandinavian countries/germany/benelux or the uk and i think we might sooner be hit by the demographic crisis before we manage to catch up . 
  even in this case , i do n't think the best way for you to get the best possible terms is to threathen and bully around the baltics or other ee countries over russia . 
  you 're only going to create resentment . 
  i do n't agree . 
  you either get full acces to the single market and then you will have to accept freedom of movement , or you wo n't accept freedom of movement and then you will get restricted access to the single market . 
  neither eu officials nor the leaders of eu countries want to see the uk cherry pick and get away with it , because it would set a dangerous precedent . 
  better to have damaged ties with the uk then to face the consequences of other countries wanting this kind of special treatment for themselves as well . 
   we are just trying to scare ee in case they want to give us unfavorable terms during brexit . 
  eastern europe will not agree with the uk having a full access to the single market while at the same time not having freedom of movement . 
  that 's just not gon na happen , no matter how close you get with russia . 
  if we did that , some other countries might want the same deal and the entire freedom of movement might fall apart . 
  not to mention that this kind of negotiation ( do what we want or we will get close with russia ) is a great way to make your negoatiating partners realize that you have no intention to negotiate in good faith and then you can hardly expect any good will from our side . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  there are plenty of foreigners from southeast asia in europe , who have neither european origin nor christian background and they have managed to integrate pretty well . 
  i guess it probably is partly exaggerated . 
  you can definitely say that even if there was a route through poland , it is absolutely incomparable with the scale of the balkan route ( when the balkan route was still active ) . 
  however , for example [ this article ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/police-officials-concerned-about-migrants-crossing-german-polish-border-terrorism-migration/ ) seems to be describing more of a long term trend of chechens trying to get to germany through poland , so it is probably not necessarily a new thing , it looks like it has been happening for quite some time , only in relatively small numbers . 
  i get that it 's not like poland had the borders wide open before and now suddenly decided to shut them , it maybe was more of a gradual approach when you were first letting some part in and eventually letting fewer and fewer . 
  or maybe the people getting to germany from poland have been in poland for even a longer time and were attempting to cross the borders several times , so it then looks like it is more people than it actually is . 
  that 's just me guessing though , i could be totally wrong . 
  the vast majority of them want to continue to germany or other we countries . 
  there have been quite a lot of reports recently about the polish-german border being the next crossing point for migrants after the balkan route was closed , only this time it 's chechens not mena migrants . 
  you ca n't go to germany from latvia or lithuania . 
  now the poles apparently decided to shut the borders entirely so it wo n't be possible from poland either anymore . 
  but we did n't surpass you , we have the exact same rate . 
  it 's the goddamn malta that took the first place from you !, 
   now-a-days , fall in dc just means rain . 
  :'( tell me about it :( last year we also had such a hot summer that we 're starting to have serious discussions about what to do about drought and water scarcity in the future . 
  the ministry of agriculture is even preparing a subsidies programme for farmers to change to water-sparing equipment and wants to consult israel on how to properly do it . 
  get it ? 
  we will consult israel , basically a middle eastern nation build on dessert on how to deal with water scarcity in central europe . 
  what a glorious future of heat is ahead of us : /  right now , american and russian leaders are sitting around negotiating how we want the post-war situation to look like . 
  once that 's done , there 's probably going to be a bit of fuck yeah happening to isis , assad , and so on . 
  i hope they do it sooner rather than later . 
  no just because it would help europe , but also because of the people who are still stuck in syria and are dying there every day . 
  i understant that there is a little if any sense of morality in the international politics , that 's just not how it works , but goddammit it fucking sucks . 
  : / more like `` noooo ! '', 
  in my case . 
  i miss my childhood when we had white christmas . 
  nowadays we 're lucky when it starts snowing in january and it 's usually gone so soon :( i was staying in norway last year from january till june and it felt so good to finally have a proper winter again . 
  when someone starts denying that climate warming is a thing , i get furious . 
   the way i see it , either the euopeans will figure something out , which all the eu countries are willing to accept , or the refugees will take to their own devices . 
  to be honest i 'm already kind of tired of even thinking about a possible solution , let alone discussing it . 
  we all know that without significantly increased activity in the regions which the migrants escape , they wo n't stop coming . 
  even if the activity is increased , it does n't guarantee that they will stop coming . 
  either the efforts to improve the regions will fail , or even the improvement wo n't be enough . 
  europe will just continue to be richer and that will be a pull factor . 
  and this all of course ignores the fact that eu has neither the hard nor soft power to actually do anything significant . 
  changing this fact will take months or even years of negotiations among the member states . 
  or we will just have to pump a massive amount of money and personell to border control and turn some greek or italian islands into detention centres where we will just keep the people for so long that it will deter others from coming ( or pay some third country to host these detention centres ) . 
  of course that solution would be very crappy from the human rights perspective .
