  tipping here is not a neccesity . 
  people usually do tip ( around 5-15 % ) , but you 're not obliged to . 
  we do n't really do a lot of small talk here . 
  also we do n't smile as much and we just in general seem less friendly than the average american . 
  do n't take this personally , this is just how it is - we 're more reserved . 
  but once ( if ) you break the ice , we can be pretty friendly . 
  if you do have a conversation with a local , remember that we tend to be a bit more straightforward - `` how are you doing ? '', 
  is not a welcoming phrase here , it actually means `` how are you doing ? 
  '' , and you 're free to give an honest answer , so do n't be surprised if you ask someone and he/she responds with a `` i 'm having a horrible day so far '' or something like this . 
  also if you end a conversation with a `` we should totally hang out together sometimes '' and then fail to make any arrangements for that `` sometimes '' people might be upset/dissapointed , because they did n't understand it was just a good bye phrase . 
  be prepared that everything is smaller here . 
  the cars , the streets , the houses , the portions , everything . 
  ok , this one is not about social norms , but i 'll mention it anyway - do not use taxis , at least definitely not in prague ( but i think the same will apply in budapest ) . 
  first , the taxi drivers tend to rip off tourists . 
  second , there is really no need . 
  the public transportation system is working just fine - it goes often and everywhere . 
  use that instead . 
  try to not ask ignorant questions . 
  generally if you want to talk to the people , they will usually be flattered that a foreigner is interested in learning more about the country , but there are certain things that people can get sensitive about . 
  for example in austria , it might not be a good idea to ask something like `` so if you speak german , does it mean you 're like the same nation ? 
  just in two different countries ? 
  '' , in the czech republic , any questions about whether we all speak russian or where are all the strip clubs might not play well . 
  do n't expect that absolutely everyone will speak english . 
  in all these cities , specially the young generation will have no problems communicating with you in english , but there are exceptions + some people are too shy to talk in english even if they can . 
  so it would be good to have a dictionary with you in your phone just in case . 
  i meant more of their population than their political representation . 
  the eu membership would eventually have to be voted on . 
  but now that i looked into that it seems like even the serbian population might vote for it . 
  they would probably change their mind if they had to recognize kosovo though . 
  at least according to [ this survey ] ( http://iea.rs/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/izve%c5%a0taj-institut-za-evropske-poslove-jul-2016.pdf ) . 
  i do n't really see a way for serbia to join the eu until the kosovo issue is resolved . 
  the same goes for macedonia and their name dispute with greece . 
  this is just how i feel about it , it 's not necessarily representative of all czechs , so if anyone from the czech republic disagrees with me , feel free to share your opinion . 
   how deep of a connection do slavs feel between each other ? 
  ( not quantifiable , but how would you describe it ) i do n't really feel a strong connection to other slavic nations just because they 're slavic nations . 
  i feel a very strong connection to slovaks , because we shared the same country with them . 
  i feel a connection to poles as well , because they 're our neighbours . 
  but other than that , i do n't feel any special connection with other slavic countries . 
  for example i do n't feel closer to bulgaria than i do to romania . 
  i also do n't feel closer to croatia/slovenia than i do to hungary . 
  however i do feel a certain connection to all former soviet bloc countries , because they have been through the same shit that we were . 
  whether they 're slavic or not is not important to me . 
   what is it that connects you as slavs ? 
  ( if anything ) for me it 's really just the language and some shared history . 
   how closely related are your languages ? 
  who can understand who ? 
  can you read each other 's languages ? 
  is it fairly easy to learn other slavic languages , given you already speak one ? 
  i can understand all of slovak , except occasionally i do n't know some of their words . 
  so i just ask what that specific word means , they explain and we can continue the chat . 
  slovaks usually understand us even better than we understand them . 
  i can sort of catch something in polish . 
  i understand close to nothing in russian or ukrainian . 
  sometimes i catch a word here and there , but i ca n't understand the meaning . 
  i 've never tried learning other slavic languages , but i know a few ukrainians who live in the czech republic and they have managed to learn the language very quickly and very well . 
  it 's definitely much easier for them than for non-slavic foreigners . 
   is there a lot of ( cultural ) exchange happening between the countries ? 
  ( e.g. 
  school exchanges , studying abroad , tv/media from other countries , etc. ), 
  we do have some common projects with slovaks , for example we run the various rubbish talent shows together . 
  we also have really a lot of slovak students at our unis . 
  they 're considered local students and are allowed to use their language in their papers/thesis and during exams . 
  unfortunately we do not have a lot of joint programmes with other countries . 
  v4 does have a fund which organizes common educational/cultural projects , but the scale of these projects is not that large . 
  i 'm not really aware of any special programmes with other slavic countries . 
   is there anything pan-slavic going on ? 
  ( politics , sports , whatever ) not that i 'm aware of . 
  and to be honest , i would have absolutely zero interest in any pan-slavic political union . 
  that was here before , it was called the soviet bloc and it was not that much fun . 
  i understand why many people do n't like the idea of further enlargement , but i still think it 's necessary to provide the perspective of eu membership to the balkan countries , because it 's the best way for us to try to encourage them to reform and improve the democratic standards in their countries . 
  if we tell them that eu membership is off the table , we will lose both our carrot and stick that we could otherwise use to motivate them to battle corruption , improve the rule of law and so on . 
  and anyway , the populations of potentional future members ( so basically macedonia , albania , montenegro and maybe in the distant future bosnia and hercegovina and moldova ) are not that large to cause major disruptions in the eu . 
  and those countries are also not any way close to meet all the criteria , so the eu right now has enough time to strenghten the current form . 
  note that i 'm only talking about the balkan countries ( minus serbia because they themselves do n't seem to want to join ) , turkey is a completely different chapter and i do n't really think there 's any possibility for them to join . 
  edit : this got really much longer than i thought it would , so sorry for the wall of text   is it because of the strong constraints from existing european and international laws ? 
  that 's a good point , the current international treaties about refugees were definitely not build for this kind of mass immigration . 
  just look at geneva convention and its definition of a refugee , you wo n't find a single mention of `` war '' in there . 
  instead it says `` persecution '' for `` political , religious , ethnic etc. 
  reasons '' . 
  i think it 's because geneva convention was signed on 1949 , cw was just kicking in and so the kind of refugees who were coming to west were mostly political refugees from the soviet bloc ( often with above average education ) and their numbers were relatively limited . 
  when european countries signed the convetion no one probably imagined that it could apply to literaly millions of people coming from the middle east or africa . 
   is it the way european institutions are set up ? 
  that 's also a very good point , but notice i was not trying to blame the eu for this mess , even though i think eu officials could have handled the crisis better as well . 
  still , it would be stupid to blame the eu for not being able to protect its external borders when up until now , frontex had no authority to actually do that . 
  i 'm putting the main blame on western european politicans ( i.e. 
  the leaders of western european countries ) . 
  i do n't know whether they act the way they act because they 're really that incompetent or whether they have different values and i do n't really care , what i care about is the result and the result is just horrible . 
  i think the entire western europe is extremely lenient with the migrants and this creates a huge pull factor . 
  i get it , they 're human beings , some of them genuine refugees . 
  that means they have the right for a safe shelter , food , possibly education for the kids and that 's it . 
  untill their asylum claim is resolved , they have no right for anything else than that . 
  remember that by crossing a border without a permit , they have commited an illegal act , even if some of them had legit asylum claim . 
  it 's still illegal . 
  they do n't deserve a reward for that . 
  they deserve humane treatment and that 's all . 
  for example in my country we have had hundreds of migrants trying to get through our territory to germany ( that was before it all went to hell when they got stuck in hungary and protested their way to austria ) . 
  so what did we do with those that we caught ? 
  we have send them to detention centres and kept them there for months while we were evaluating their status . 
  those who had money got them confiscated and they were used to pay for their stay . 
  they were basically treated like illegal migrants , because why should n't they ?
