  well still more than us . 
  but as i said , there are of course other factors , foreign policy being one of the factors , and obviously the us foreign policy is making them a target for radical islamists , since they 're one of the main anti-isis players in the middle east . 
   given that a lot of it is subliminal racist and mainly populistic ( talking about the hostile rhetorics ) , no , thanks . 
  i would argue that we would be off worse if we followed your path in this regard . 
  i was partly tongue-in-cheek , but anyway - you do n't have to turn racist , in fact that 's not what i had in mind . 
  i do n't deny that there is some racism in our countries , there is certainly a lot of islamophobia ( really not that surprising that people fear islam in the current circumstances and a lot of these fears are actually pretty legitimate ) and some of our politicians certainly are using this crisis to score political points . 
  however i do n't think any of this is the main reason why migrants do n't come here . 
  i really doubt that mena migrants are looking up what a czech president says about them when picking a target country . 
  you said it yourself , it 's about popularity . 
  so you should just try to change your public image . 
  that does n't mean you have to turn racist , netherlands or belgium are also not more racist than germany and they 're not getting that many migrants . 
  basically do some negative advertising , denmark is doing that as well . 
  make it clear that you 're not the paradise on earth where everyone gets a well-paid job , a house and a few thousands of euro a month . 
  we send guns and ammunition to peshmerga and have a few troops in iraq training the iraqi air force , but it 's definitely not significant enough for isis to suddenly turn their attention to us , they have bigger fish to fry . 
  yes , that 's also true . 
  western european countries build the roots of their current problems a long time ago and even if you now went full visegrad on the problem of muslim immigration , it would not help you solve the problems with the problematic migrants that already are in your countries . 
  however you could make it more difficult for other potentionally dangerous people to get in your country by implementing a stricter immigration policy . 
  but yeah , learning from the v4 really is misleading . 
  we have n't actually done anything significant to prevent muslims from migrating to our countries except for hostile rhetorics of our leaders and hostile attitudes of our population . 
  this might have played some role , but i doubt it was the main factor . 
  your countries are just more attractive for mena migrants , you already have muslim communities , so it 's easier for new migrants to start a new life , you 're richer , you have historical ties to the mena region , whereas when it comes to eastern europe , mena migrants probably hardly know that we even exist and if they do , they probably think we 're all super poor , underdeveloped shitholes . 
  so with this reputation , it 's hardly difficult to deter them from coming , we really kind of dodged the bullet here . 
  i guess the only advice that we can give you is to convince the migrants that you 're actually a horrible place to live in and they will just stop coming . 
  that worked for us , 
  yep , that 's true . 
  but you could also argue that we 're not a relevant target because we do n't have a significant muslim minority . 
  it 's an uncomfortable truth that having a lot of muslims in your country means you have a higher chance of being attacked by terrorists . 
  not just because more muslims = bigger base for potential radicalized islamists , but also because attacking countries with a large muslim population makes sense from the isis perspective , since it means more conflict between the muslim and native population and thus more potential recruits for isis . 
  of course that 's a simplification , there are different groups of muslims and some are more likely to be radicalized than others and there are also other factors which make a country a relevant target , but having or not having a muslim minority is arguably one of the strongest factors . 
  in hungary the political situation is very grim afaik . 
  there is no united opposition against orb\u00e1n , only a handful of small parties fighting each other . 
  also pretty much all the main parties have had corruption scandals in the past , so people lost their faith in politics , they either do n't vote at all or vote orb\u00e1n because they see him as the least bad option since in their minds he at least keeps the country safe from possible terrorists entering it ( remember that hungary was directly hit by the crisis , even if it only was a transit country ) . 
  in poland pis did n't actually campaign with a `` we will start a constitution court crisis and turn public tv into a state tv '' slogan . 
  so i would be careful with quick judgements saiyng that polish people now want a strongman rule . 
  most of them might have had just enough of the previous government and only wanted a change and did n't know what kind of change pis would bring . 
  i do agree that our systems are still more vulnerable to abuse though . 
  the rise of anti-establishment populist parties is visible everywhere in europe , so it 's not neccesarily about the maturity or immaturity of the populations , it 's more about the strength of the institutions . 
  western european countries have longer democratic traditions , thus your institutions and your checks and balances had more time to develop and are more likely to resist any attempts of abuse of power . 
  i do n't really think we 're different people in a way that we in v4 countries are more stupid , or more likely to get fooled or are more likely to want an authoritarian ruler . 
  just look at the brexit campaign to see that western europeans are just as vulnerable to misconceptions or just pure lies . 
  the difference is that your system is strong enough to prevent anyone from trying to use this to dismantle the checks and balances , our systems unfortunately are not always that strong . 
  jeez , just because we would like to have a more sensible eu migration policy does n't mean that we want a putin-style strongman ruling over us . 
  you 're welcome , 
  do n't forget your adidas track suit ;-), 
   you talk about differences in values but could n't name anything in particular what do you mean , i specificaly mentioned gender equality and respect towards sexual minorities . 
  i would also add secularism and respect towards the law of the country ( i.e. 
  law comes before any religious rules ) . 
  i 'm not sure why you think i use these values as a blanket , for me , they 're very important and i would like to see my country to make more progress in these matters , that 's why i 'm worried about the potential danger of accepting large number of people who would quite likely not share these views . 
   eeans have zero intention to see any non-whites in any way equal or even comparable to us i 'm not sure in what social circle you live , but i do n't have this feeling at all and i have been living in cz the vast majority of my life . 
  we had two vietnamese boys in my class during the elementary school and high school and just the idea that we would consider them not equal is absurd to me . 
  they were completely accepted in the collective , one of the boys was actually one of the most popular kids in the class . 
  i 'm studying at a uni in brno now and we have plenty of foreign students here , including some of colour . 
  again , we hang out with them , the same way we hang out with white foreign students . 
  sure , they get some stares in the city , but that 's because there are very little black people living here . 
  white people also get stared at in some parts of africa or asia . 
  of course there are some racists living in ee who just hate any non-white people and perhaps their ratio to the rest of population is bigger than in the western europe . 
  that 's why i said we need to make more progress in these matters . 
  perhaps i 'm living in a social bubble of progressive people , but i have n't heard any of my friends making any racist comments or even from my parents and other relatives of the older generation . 
  yep , some of them are indeed very ignorant , to the extent that they think there are no real cities in africa , just some bushes and villages . 
  but i have n't met a single person who would openly hate on non-white people . 
  granted , i do not have neo-nazis in my social circle . 
   you having just 0-3 kids is not a cultural value , it 's a luxury of the developed world available to us for a mere 70-90 years or so . 
  women not having to stay at home as a result also . 
  taking a functioning state for granted , paying your dues because you know you ultimately get a lot back in return and instead not turning to a network of trading favors also . 
  these are not fundamental differences in values , it 's making the best of the cards you were dealt . 
  i agree that some differences in our societies are caused by different factors , not just religion . 
  but to say that the backwards attitudes of the muslim-majority countries are only in place because those countries are poorer/not functioning would be a bit misleading in my opinion . 
  look at the gulf countries for example - they are not poor at all , they are actually filthy rich and not just the ruling class , their people benefit from that as well , for example look at how the saudi society works - basically the ruling family buys the people 's support , they can afford to employ their people as state employees and pay them a very good salary , while they hire foreigners to do the less comfortable jobs for a minimal salary . 
  did this rich society became liberal ? 
  no , because they ruling class is pushing one of the most disgusting versions of islam and is violating human rights on daily basis , while trying to export this ideology abroad . 
  so , i 'm not buying this `` it 's all because they 're less lucky and poorer than us '' narrative . 
  when interpreted in certain ways , islam and the sharia law is just not compatible with our law . 
  of course that does n't mean that all muslims are unable to integrate in european societies , i believe that there are also many liberal/secular muslims and i would have nothing against them living in my country . 
  it 's just those who take their religion way to literaly who worries me . 
  overall , i do not share your negativity about ee , i agree that some people here are still very backwards , but i would say that the young population is mostly liberal , so hopefully it will only get better with time . 
  nope , it 's not about a colour of the skin at all , it 's about different values . 
  you said it yourself , we have enough racists here . 
  i would also add that we have enough homophobes , anti-semitic people or just bigots in general in our region . 
  i would really rather not import more people who hold these views to my country . 
  i do n't want more people who think their daughters should have less rights than their sons . 
  i do n't want more people who think gays are against the nature . 
  i 'm not saying all muslims hold these views , but just have a look at an average muslim-majority country - not exactly a liberal paradise , is it ? 
  so what kind of values will an average middle eastern/african guy hold ? 
  probably not the most tolerant and liberal values . 
  i do n't think it 's wrong to not want intolerant people in your country . 
   but they are also incredibly irrational . 
  i agree that the fears are often overblown , but i would not call them completely irrational . 
  from the western european example we can see that the integration of muslims can sometimes really go very wrong . 
  it 's not irrational to not want to repeat the mistakes which have been made in the western europe . 
  i would say it 's very muslim-specific though . 
  and of course anti-roma attitude is here as well , but that was always here , it did n't come with the migrant crisis . 
  other than that , i do n't really see a rising xenophobia against foreigners in cz in general , on the contrary i feel like minorities in cz are pretty well assimilated and accepted . 
  islamophobia is certainly a thing here , but i would say many of the concerns people have are either legitimate , or at least understandable , given what 's happening in the western europe . 
  oh , i 'm sorry i misunderstood . 
  i totally agree , i belive french forces are doing all they can and i also feel extremely heartbroken for french people that they have to go through this . 
  why are you bitter about france though ? 
  sorry if i 'm putting words in your mouth , but it seems to me that many israelis in this sub are having a very distasteful schadenfreude about this whole thing ( i.e. 
  `` see , see ?!, 
  i told you so and you did not listen so now you have it , you stupid europeans , you 're getting what you deserve for being so soft and incompetent '' ) . 
  i do n't think france needs any more kicking right now , they 're struggling and i 'm sure they know it .
