  just recently there has been [ an article ] ( https://euobserver.com/migration/138312 ) about this on euobserver . 
  meanwhile all the non-eligible people will remain stuck in italy or greece and nobody is going to help them with that . 
  the only thing that could actually help them would be if we were able to stop the flow altogether , but the eu instead wastes its time and political capital to fight for the quota system . 
   fico said he does n't want them and that they are all terrorist and he will destroy any muslim community in slovakia . 
  your former president said that eu is destroying sovereignty of czech republic . 
  i agree that some of the statements of v4 representatives have not been constructive , but in the end , it 's just statements for the domestic audience . 
  czech president does n't hold much power anyway and fico actually acts constructively when he 's in brussels . 
  obviously he then switches to more nationalist position when he 's back at home , because as you said , he 's a populist . 
   you can do stuff as grown up . 
  say look we understand the situation we will help we will take if they come or we will give you money blah blah . 
  there is milion ways of doing this right without looking like an idiot but what v4 is doin is not deserving any respect in the community . 
  during the slovak presidency in the eu council , v4 actually tried to come up with a constructive solution which would enable us to pay more money instead of taking refugees . 
  it was rejected , but you ca n't say we did n't try . 
  you 're just biased and notice things you want to see while ignoring things that you do n't want to see . 
   yes i do n't believe racist views of a lot of people in slovakia should be promoted or somehow celebrated . 
  so yes i believe they are twisted . 
  obviously racist views are n't okay . 
  but views that do n't just uncritically accept everything the eu says are okay . 
   right now eu see ee as backwards countries that stick together . 
  its literally eu vs v4 on a lot of issues . 
  and to be fair they are often right . 
  no , it 's v4 vs eu just on the refugee issue . 
  there is no other clear v4 vs eu divide . 
  nord stream 2 is opposed by other ee countries as well . 
  multi-speed europe raises concerns in other ee countries as well . 
  the social dumping issue concerns primarely poland . 
  problems with lgbt tolerance are also not present in all ee countries ( and at the same time , they exist in some we countries ) . 
  not to mention that it 's absolutely normal that there are clashes among different groups within the eu . 
  it 's because different countries have different interests and they 're all trying to push for their interests . 
  v4 is n't acting any different in this , it 's just that we were in a subservient position to the western europe ever since 89 , so western europeans ( and clearly many people from our countries ) are n't used to us acting assertively , so when we do it , it creates this kind of outrage . 
  and yes , partly it 's our own fault as well , since our politicians have been escaleting the tensions over the refugee issue unnecessarily much . 
  yeah , it honestly makes me very sad , that the opposition to people who think that we can just cut ourselves off the rest of the world and become a second switzerland , are people full of self-hate for our own countries who think that the only acceptable foreign policy is to agree with whatever the eu/we says and our ultimate reward and the entire purpose of our existence is to get praised by the western europe ( i obviously exaggerate a little bit here , but you get the message ) . 
   there is a difference between voicing your own views and kicking around screaming faul every time we proposes something . 
  this is a nonsense , we come to an agreement with the we on the overwhelmingly vast majority of issues . 
  we only ` kick and scream ' because of the refugee quotas . 
  and honestly , i like that someone still has the senses to call the quota system what is actually is - a failure that does n't work the way it 's supposed to work . 
  i agree that it could be said more constructively than how v4 is saying it , however that does n't change the fact that i do n't see a reason why we should pretend like it 's a good system when it 's not . 
   you know why eastern europe does n't want more integration ? 
  because leaders in ee needs power to do their corruption . 
  in slovakia the politicians seem to be entirely in favour of more integration while keeping their corrupt practises . 
  being pro-eu evidently does n't mean being anti-corruption as fico clearly proves . 
  in the czech republic , politicians largely do n't want further integration , because the public does n't want it and they do n't want to lose public support . 
  it has nothing to do with corruption . 
  if we wanted to avoid more eu oversight so badly , we would n't be joining the eu prosecutor office . 
   i come to slovakia and peoples views are so twisted because of that monoblock that i literally want to cry . 
  yes , all views that are not the same as my views are twisted , right ? 
   i do n't love we and i do n't think its paradise on earth but the standard of living is so high . 
  we is richer than us . 
  they had the advantage of ending up at the right side of the continent after ww2 unlike us , so they did n't have to go through decades of communism . 
  that does n't mean communism is responsible for all our problems . 
  we obviously have a hard work ahead of us to push our countries higher in the standards of living . 
  we 're getting there slowly . 
  all of ee has made big progress since 89 including slovakia . 
  obviously you could not have expected that we will just reach we standards overnight . 
   how come estonia for example can follow rules and voice opinions at the same time ? 
  given their vulnerable geopolitical position , estonia and other baltic countries have more incetives to stay on good terms with we than v4 . 
   yesterday merkel said that we has a lot to learn from them . 
  that 's great , but why should we care if merkel compliments us or not ? 
  it 's not like we 're living here with the purpose of getting compliments from we politicians . 
   how come only v4 is twisting and turning and screaming all the time and people there are always unhappy with anything eu does ? 
  as i already said , you are massively exaggerating when you say that we kick and screm all the time . 
  the people in v4 are also not unhappy with anything that the eu does , that simply is n't true even in the case of the relatively eurosceptic czech population , let alone eurofriendly polish , hungarian and slovak public . 
   do n't you think there might be something wrong in those countries ? 
  yes , there absolutely is plenty of wrong things in our countries . 
  that does n't mean we 'll fix all these things if we only listen we in everything they say . 
   yea let 's blindly go and think how amazing we are and that we can defy eu laws and regulations because we strong independent nations . 
  grow up . 
  i did n't say we 're amazing . 
  i 'm just saying that just because eu came up with something , it does n't mean it 's pure gold . 
  the quota system is stupid and the eu never should have forced it on our countries . 
  this is exactly one of ee 's main problem . 
  we have two big extremes over here when it comes to our relations with the western europe and the eu . 
  people who bash it all the time and blame it for all our problems and people like you , who constantly bash our own countries and see the western european countries as some perfect role models that we should all worship and do all we can to stay on the best possible terms with them , never try to be too assertive and push for own own views , because we 're all too stupid to know what 's good for us , whereas we obviously knows everything best . 
  honestly this kind of self-loathing makes me roll my eyes . 
  well guess what , we is n't some god-sent saviour of ours . 
  we 're not gon na solve all our problems by following everything that we says . 
  each we country is pushing primarely for their own interests . 
  nobody is going to be there , looking for our interests , but us . 
  we have to stand up for ourselves , others wo n't do it for us . 
  sometimes that means standing up with the we and sometimes it means standing against it . 
  of course that does n't mean we should go with our head against the wall , good relations with we our obviously in our interests too . 
  but constantly underestimating ourselves , looking at ourselves as some small kid or teenager who is not smart enough to sit at the same table with the adults , who has to be first taught manners , is not gon na get us anywhere . 
  look , ns2 gives germany more secure and possibly cheaper energy supplies which they need . 
  it 's logical that they want that . 
  yes , it screwes over several eastern european countries , but if german politicians have to choose between german interests and ee interests , i think we all know what they 're gon na choose . 
  it 's naive to think that the eu removed this ` national interests first ' logic . 
  all countries are in the eu , because in one way or another , it serves their interests . 
  the eu is n't some union of roses and sunshine , where we all consider each other brothers and sisters and we care about other countries the same as we care about ours . 
  the eu is a pragmatic project that has its limit . 
  yes , it introduced new way of thinking and new norms of behaviour , under which it 's no longer acceptable that member countries go to war against each other . 
  this helped creating more mutual trust among the states , which then enabled a high level of cooperation which would otherwise not be possible , because without a mutual trust , countries do not believe that the other countries will stick with their end of the agreement and therefore are not willing to cooperate that closely . 
  however the cooperation that was conducted among eu member states was still seen as profitable for the member countries , that 's why they agreed to it in the first place . 
  eu member countries regularely refuse cooperation in areas where they do n't see it profitable to them . 
  they only change their opinion , when they 're absolutely forced to do so by the circumstances ( either because other countries force them to do so , or because the reality shows the current state to be unsustainable that some steps simply have to be taken ) . 
  the problem is that germany nowadays has overwhelming power within the eu . 
  the strong country that tended to defend ee geopolitical interests - the uk - is leaving the eu . 
  other big countries - france , spain or italy , could n't care less about ee energy security . 
  so ee is alone in this against germany , so we can figure how this will go . 
  as i said in another post , if this was the other way around , germany would already get the commission on their side and would find a way to block it . 
  but it 's not , so ee is alone in this .
