  for example our big companies ( and i would expect it would be similar in other cee countries as well ) are mostly trying to innovate their current working procedures . 
  that means that they 're trying to find a way to do what they currently do cheaper so that they 're more efficient and competitive . 
  in the western/northern europe , the funding goes into developing completely new products/services . 
  here there is mostly not enough resources for that . 
  well so much for erdogan only going after gulen supporters . 
  i was worried but i also kind of expected that he would use this situation to go after everyone who opposes him . 
  but come on , at least he could have made up an accusation that at least somehow makes some sense . 
  i mean seriously , the kemalists are secrectly supporting gulen ? 
  that 's just absurd . 
   the nations of v4 would not mind croatia and/or slovenia joining the alliance if you mean like the people of v4 countries , than you 're right , they would either approve of it , or they would not care at all . 
  i do not think the politicians of v4 would want this though . 
  we already have issues with finding the common ground when we 're just 4 members . 
  v4 is just big enough to somewhat function in a useful way , if we added new members , we would never agree on anything . 
  also v4 has been here for more than two decades now , that means we already have established ways how to operate together , there is a certain balance of power established and i do n't think our politicians would want to disrupt this balance by adding new members . 
  adding croatia , slovenia and austria would mean adding a new bloc of countries which might end up working together in a way that for example poland or hungary might not like . 
  they 're in the v4 +2 format with bulgaria , but that 's about it . 
  i do n't remember them saying they would have such ambition and even if they did , i doubt that all v4 countries would want them in . 
  v4 is already a settled project , there are really no serious discussions about any enlargement at all . 
   with two of the most pro-german countries of the continent . 
  croatia and slovenia are the most pro-german countries of the continent ? 
  fun fact : slovenia was actually offered a membership in v4 back in the early 90s , but they refused . 
  nowadays i do n't think we would be able to agree on adding any new members , even if slovenia , austria or croatia wanted to ( which is not even really the case , the fact that hofer says so does n't mean that it 's the majority opinion in austria ) . 
   i recently started to despise western europeans too i think this might have something to do with the fact that you 're getting downvoted af . 
  maybe stop despising people , that would help . 
  that dude is kind of a jerk , but we actually do have a [ homicide rate ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/8/84/homicides%2c_average_per_year%2c_2007%e2%80%9309_and_2010%e2%80%9312_%28per_100_000_inhabitants%29_yb14.png ) pretty similar to that of germany and that 's the data from 2012 , if we look at the data from 2014 , we actually already have a lower homocide rate . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate ) . 
   `` unlucky , suck it up it 's politically unpopular for us to not demonise people whether they 're legally here or not . 
  oh and by the way we 're going to slag you off as stupid for doing it for domestic political points '' i did n't say we should call other countries stupid . 
  and i also did n't say that we should do nothing to help . 
  there are other ways of helping out apart from taking in people . 
   when they 're the ones holding the purse strings our net receiver position is not going to last for long anyway . 
  of course having the eu funds suddely cut would be harmful , but on the other hand , we really have to get rid of this dependency . 
  it gives other countries leverage over us and it is not healthy for our economy in the long term . 
  so if renzi manages to push this through ( which i really doubt ) i would actually be fine with it . 
   why are you comfortable with/tolerant of the situation ? 
  i 'm not comfortable with it . 
  of course i would prefer if the public discourse was much more sophisticated than it currently is . 
  i would prefer if people only listened to reasonable arguments . 
  i would also prefer if more people were willing to accept that they do n't really now enough information and that their criticism of the way the migrant crisis is handled does not really sound plausible when they ca n't even find syria on a map . 
  i would also prefer if people from the other side of the political spectrum could do the same - use rational arguments only , instead of looking at the world through their ideological glasses even when evidence is proving them wrong . 
  i would be very happy if we could all be civil about this and meet somewhere in the middle , because that 's where the truth usually lies . 
  however i do n't live in a fairytale land where all people act like this . 
  just imagine the average person living in the ee . 
  now half of the population is even less informed/less smart than this average person . 
  add dunning -- kruger effect to it . 
  those people simply do n't know that they do n't know . 
  plus even if you are smarter than on average , it also does n't gurantee that you 'll be informed about the situation . 
  of course you can point at these people and scream `` you idiots , you do n't know shit about this '' , but what are you going to achieve by this ? 
  absolutely nothing , you are only going to antagonize them . 
  when instead you could by trying to work on a solution that actually does have some chance at working in reality , not in a fairytale world where all people agree with you and do what you would prefer them to do . 
   this is how the investment rate looks like with 2000 being used as the baseline . 
  turquoise is private , maroon is state , orange is the combined average i do n't understand what that graph has to do with eu subsidies . 
  i mean , if maroon is state , that does n't necessarily mean that the money comes from the eu , it just means that it comes from the hungarian state , or i am wrong ? 
  but even if hungary really is so dependent on the eu funds , you 're just proving my point - this kind of dependency is not healthy and you should be slowly getting rid of it . 
  because otherwise if that money once stops coming , you 'll be screwed . 
  if i recall correctly , in the case of cz , the subsidies were about 9 % of our state income in 2015 and that was a year where we got exceptionally a lot of money , because many of the projects from the 2007-13 programming period were finalizing . 
  so yeah , of course there would be some harm . 
  on the other hand , relying on subsidies from other countries is simply not sustainable in the long term . 
  we need to develop our country by our own means , that 's the only way to be truly competitive . 
  if your competiveness is based on the fact that you 're getting money from someone else , you 're not really competitive . 
  and as i said , with the uk leaving , the average eu gdp will go down and so we will not be in the receiving position forever anyway . 
  we need to prepare ourselves for that . 
   so basically digging our head in the sand is tolerable , because enough people are doing it already ? 
  for the most part , ee voters have n't 1/10th the idea about the state of things than what they think they know . 
  you can rant about ee voters all you want , it does n't change the reality . 
  if you 're a politician and some 90 % of your people are refusing something , you can not realistically hope to push it through . 
  complain all you want , but that 's just how it is . 
  i personally also think that it would be better if we took some small number of refugees ( and then casually let them go wherever they want ) , but i understand that this is not what the majority of my fellow countrymen want , i would rather not have anti-eu parties gaining power over this stupid quota system . 
  yes , of course , being in the eu does that - mainly being in the eu single market . 
  that 's obviously hugely important for our economies and i 'm not arguing that we should leave the single market . 
  what i am saying is that eu subsidies ( which is not the same thing as the single market ) are not essential to our economy . 
  the single market is essential , there 's no doubt about that . 
  the funds are not . 
  they do some help , but they also do some damage and we do n't need them to survive . 
   as said though how much of that is due to inaccurate stuff ? 
  it does n't really matter . 
  i mean , we could spend hours discussing , how accurate or inaccurate something is , or whether islam does pose some threat to the european way of life , and if so , how big that threat is and what can be done to prevent it . 
  and then we could spend hours discussing how to get the public on our side . 
  i see little sense in that though , because the public here is already decided . 
  they 're not going to change their mind . 
  of course the majority do n't think that a few hundreds of refugees would rip our society apart . 
  they still do n't want them , because why should we take any risk ? 
  and many people will say `` it 's a few hundreds now , it 's gon na be a few thousands later , then they 'll bring their families , and it will be tens of thousands '' . 
  it 's simply pointless to try to convince ee societies to bring in muslims refugees . 
  it 's not going to happen , it 's just wasting time and energy which could be used to find a solution that could actually work . 
   the clinton campaign has done well in directly calling out breitbart and the like for this kind of behaviour and politicians like trump exploiting it . 
  it 's one thing to challenge this in the us , or in the west in general , where the pro-refugee camp is either still the majority or at least still a significant group , it 's another thing to challenge this in the ee , when like 90 % of your population is refusing the quota system . 
  it 's simply not possible , it would be a political suicide . 
  not to mention that the quota system is actually totally stupid and has no chance of working properly anyway . 
   then they shouldnt have whipped up a load of bullshit to get to that position . 
  the politicians did not cause this . 
  yes , some of them have exploited it , but they have not caused it . 
  the public had this kind of attitude even before , maybe it got worse over time , but we were never very muslim-friendly . 
  people in ee are very sensitive about issues that concern national sovereignity , they are very protective of their own culture/way of life and will get very , very defensive if they feel that something threatens that . 
  and in their opinion , islam threatens it . 
  this opinion was here even before the whole refugee crisis happened . 
  we 're not going to subsidies our way to prosperity anyway . 
  se countries like greece and portugal have been receiving the subsidies before we joined and i do n't see how that pulled them to the european average gdp . 
  i 'm not saying there are no benefits to the eu funds , but there are downsides as well . 
  it 's absolutely possible to do without them .
