   let 's talk about why central europeans do n't trust us westerners . 
  historical experience . 
  every nation 's mentality is largely shaped by its history and we 're no exception . 
   what 's so bad and `` racist '' about the term `` eastern europe '' ? 
  there 's nothing racist about the term . 
  it just carries a lot of negative connotations and peope obviously do n't like to be connected with something that has negative connotations . 
  it also tends to lump everything west of germany together , making it look like all the countries are very similar to each other , when in reality , there are really big cultural , political , economic and social differences between them . 
  yeah , you 're very right about that . 
  it 's precisely like that - those that do integrate just disappear in the mainstream society and they 're no longer really considered gypsies anymore . 
  the gypsy community often shuns these people as well , but then it does n't really help the situation in the long-term , because it basically guarantees that the gypsy label will continue being connected solely with the problematic people . 
  well , you know , nothing against / r/askeurope , but it has a certain leftist , ultra-liberal ( in social terms ) bias , so i really would n't take anything written there as an accurate representation of the reality in european countries . 
  not that / r/europe is representative , but you 're a bit more likely to get a richer variety of opinions here . 
  i can absolutely assure you that no one in the czech republic is dellusional enough to think that only romanian gypsies are problematic while all the other gypsis in other european countries are perfectly integrated . 
   if you ask any other european about the gypsies in their country , they are quick to say their gypsies are the most integrated ethnic community ever !!!, 
  lol what ? 
  gypsies in my country are almost universally seen as an unintegratable group . 
  if someone called them ` the most integrated ethnic commuity ' , he would be met probably with a hysterical laughter . 
  we 'll take all the help we ( and they ) can get , thank you . 
  the point of this is that focusing on trying to relocate the few refugees that qualify to ee where they do n't want to stay is gon na do very little to help , it will just waste political capital and time which could be used to cut the flow from africa to italy entirely . 
  because that is the only way to actually help italy . 
  stop the flow , do not let anyone get to europe illegaly , sort out the refugees and economic migrant before they reach europe . 
  otherwise it 's always going to be unsustainable , since there will always be much more economic migrants coming than real refugees and italy will be stuck with those economic migrants . 
   i 'm sure there 's a pretty straight-forward way to document their host country and once they 're out of it they 're not eligible for benefits , they do n't have a place to stay , they 're effectively much worse off than staying in their host country . 
  it 's already the case . 
  this evidently does n't deter them much . 
  they 'll rather be in germany with their community and working in the shadow economy , than in something as alien to them as small-town latvia . 
  also , it 's not just that the first car has faults , it also that the driver ( the commission ) pretends like there are no flaws and refuses to address them . 
  you 're not going to fix anything with this approach . 
  i was talking about it quite extensively in this thread . 
  long story short : 1 ) only a small part of those who come illegaly to europe qualify for the relocation programme . 
  the rest remains stuck in the border countries , so the quota system does n't actually help italy or greece that much . 
  definitely not in the long term . 
  2 ) the relocated refugees prefer to go the western europe , not the eastern europe . 
  not all eastern european countries refuse to participate in the scheme . 
  however in case of those ee countries that do participate , news reports show that the refugees are leaving these countries . 
  the commission does n't talk about this problem and despite the fact that the relocations now run for almost two years , the commission has not once released any information about how many of the relocated refugees stay in their assigned countries , let alone tried to implement any measures that would prevent the refugees from leaving . 
  which is n't that surprising since there is n't much that can be done about this problem , because it 's extremely easy to cross borders in schengen and at the same time , the refugees face no credible punishment in case they 're caught . 
  well given the extremely low unemployment rate , it 's likely that most of them will be able to find some other job regardless . 
  alternatively in the regions with a higher unemployment rate , some people just choose to remain unemployed and live on state support . 
  or they decide to commute to work every day even when it 's fairly far away . 
  it 's partly a cultural thing , czechs do n't like to move even within the country . 
  we 're not a very mobile nation . 
  once we settle somewhere , we 're unlikely to leave that place . 
   it 's a shame that now even though the economy is doing so well they ca n't just up the salaries of nurses , teachers , doctors etc. 
  and get them paid properly for the work they 're doing . 
  yeah , the problem with that is that once the economy gets worse , you ca n't decrease the salaries as easily . 
  people react extremely sensitively to that . 
  and specially in the healthcare system , the situation simply is n't sustainable in the long term . 
  i do n't see any other solution than making people in the productive age contribute more to the system . 
  30 czk for a doctor visit and a prescription would n't kill productive people . 
  teachers on the primary and secondary schools should get a solid rise next year , but on the other hand , universities got screwed over in the current budget proposal . 
   czech republic has one of the lowest poverty levels in the whole eu . 
  yeah , we have the lowest relative poverty rate in the eu ... but as the name says , the rate is relative . 
  it 's 60 % of the median income in the country , so being poor in the czech republic is not the same as being poor in norway . 
  it is also a bit misleading , because plenty of czechs , specially pensioners balance just above the rate . 
  you 're right above the salary growth , but our economy could still deal with even bigger rise . 
  specially people in the low-skilled positions are being paid peanuts . 
  teachers at all levels as well . 
  and with the wages nurses get , i 'm surprised that anyone is still willing to do this challenging and difficult job . 
  he 's right though that lots of these unfilled jobs are the low-skilled jobs which offer absolutely crap salaries . 
  the czech republic is n't just prague you know . 
  people are not starving here , but there 's quite a lot of people who are not really living very good lives . 
  they have hardly any savings , they ca n't afford spending money on vacations , culture , entertainment ... maybe go out sometimes and see the regions , specially those in the former industrial ones . 
   a source ? 
  have not heard of this . 
  you can read about all this in [ this article ] ( https://euobserver.com/migration/138312 ) . 
  the people arriving to italy simply overwhelmingly do not meet the relocation criteria . 
  even countries ethusiastic about the relocations , such as sweden , can not meet their quota because they ca n't find enough suitable candidates . 
   i do n't think that many refugees who claimed asylum here in romania left . 
  most of them stayed and seem to be okay with it . 
  and if what you were saying was true , the number of refugees that have arrived in eastern countries initially would be down to below 50 % and i do n't think that 's the case . 
  but that 's the problem here , is n't it , you ` do n't think ' it 's the case , but you do n't know that for sure , because nobody fucking says what the real situation is . 
  the commission has not released a single piece of information about it . 
  which means they either do n't have the information , which would mean that we virtually lost the track of the relocated refugees , or it has the information , but purposefully decided not to realise it . 
  the only logical conclusion of that is imo that they simply do n't want to admit that the relocated refugees are leaving in a large scale , because that would mean that v4 was right about something for once . 
  so yeah , i also do n't know for sure how many refugees left which country . 
  some reports say that it was the overwhelming majorities in the case of latvia and lithuania , some say a third in case of estonia , in the case of the refugees that my country and poland accepted ( not through the relocation programme , but the principle is the same ) it was also the majorities . 
  i have no reason to think that it will be any different for bulgaria and romania . 
  if this was n't the case and the commission had information showing that it 's not happening in a large scale , then i would have no problem admitting i was wrong about this . 
  but that has not happened , the commission is silent on this and i can very well imagine why they 're so silent . 
   even so , the problem is cooperation in making sure this works , not ditching it because it might not work . 
  how are we going to make sure it works , when the commission does n't even admit that there 's a problem ? 
  it has been almost two years now . 
  other countries , apart from the v4 , cooperate on the issue - how come it still does n't work ? 
  and how are you going to solve the fact that the vast majority of the people in italy do n't qualify for the relocation ? 
  so from my perspective , it 's completely the other way around . 
  people who are in favour of the quota system often say : ` yeah , well , but if all played their part , if everyone cooperates , it would work well ' . 
  but the reality shows that it simply does n't work well . 
  after almost two years , no direct measures were taken to prevent the migrants from leaving their assigned countries . 
  in case they get caught and returned , they can just do it again . 
  they know they ca n't be returned to their home country , because it 's not possible to deport people to unsafe countries . 
  if you cut their benefits in their assigned countries as a punishment , it will just increase their motivation to leave the country . 
  in germany , they also wo n't get any benefits , but at least they 'll be with their community . 
  the only actually effective way of keeping the refugees in their assigned countries is to abolish schengen and start border controls again or put them in closed camps . 
  and we all know neither of that is going to happen . 
  so how is more cooperation going to solve this ? 
  what is your plan for keeping the refugees from fleeing ? 
  putting electronic bracelets on their ankles ? 
   `` what can be done in syria to stop this mad political game between the us and russia ? 
  how do we help syria in becoming relatively stable so that the refugees can go back asap ? '',
