  russia basically needed another marshal plan , but for obvious reasons would not let foreign powers to take control in a way they took control in germany and japan after ww2 . 
  and the us would obviously not pump huge amounts of money into a country , which they could n't control and which still had enough nuclear arsenal to wipe them from the earth . 
  so yeah , it was a fucked up situation , i do n't really see how it could have been handled better . 
  i 'm obviously happy for how it turned out and would not want it to turn out in any other way ( because that could 've been disastrous for us ) , at the same time , i 'm not really surprised that russia is being butthurt over it . 
  because yelcin tried . 
  he really did . 
  he meant well . 
  but he was doomed to fail . 
  well i would not go as far . 
  the communist regime was actually killing people or letting them rot in prison . 
  hungary is still not russia . 
  but it is really bad . 
  people are pretty much resigned there , they do n't believe that anything can be done about the situation . 
  this negativity is present in other post-communist countries , but hungary is an extreme example . 
  but maybe i 'm just being too negative as well . 
  sometimes it takes just a small push , just some small impulse . 
  not everyone knows that after czechoslovakia split , slovaks ' first pm went full authoritarian and almost dragged the country into an international isolation . 
  he won the next election as well , but other parties formed a coalition against him . 
  it was really by a small margin though . 
  now slovaks are in nato and eu , they 've been economically very succesfull , but in 98 they were very close to a completely different path . 
  had me\u010diar back then formed the government , i would not want see where slovakia would be now . 
  so i 'm hoping for a similar development in hungary . 
  you know i have a hungarian host teacher at my uni and i have recently talked with her about the situation in hungary . 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't want to shit on hungary , the situation is not perfect in any eu country . 
  in my country , the finance minister actually owns two newspapers . 
  italy is doing even worse on the world press freedom index than hungary . 
  corruption is something all post-communist countries still struggle with and i 'm sure western countries to some extent have problems with it too . 
  but from what the teacher told me and from what i read on this topic , the situation in hungary was never exactly good , but with orb\u00e1n it reached a different level of crazy . 
  that dude is like cancer for hungary . 
  i was n't really talking about people who do n't have the language skills , or do n't know how to use internet , but i get your point . 
  i also understand that there is a lot of info on the internet and in some cases it 's really hard or even impossible to validate sources . 
  for example i completely understand that many europeans are very confused about the syrian civil war , because that situation is so messy that even a person who is quite educated in middle eastern affairs will find it difficult to make sense of all the information , let alone an average european . 
  but the situation in hungary is really not that confusing . 
  there are a lot of information from various sources , both international and domestic , both from the press and from governmental and nongovernmental institutions . 
  hell , even orban is really not trying to hide that his goal is `` illiberal democracy '' , he is very open about it . 
  hungary is also one of the worst performer among the eu countries in the world press freedom and yet some people will demand `` evidence '' , as if it was possible to find a line in the law stating that media in hungary are not free . 
  it kinda reminds me of some russians demanding that we prove that russia is supplying the rebels in ukraine . 
  it 's actually really beyond me . 
  i do n't get how anyone who has the access to information can still think that orban is an ok dude and that the criticism is some western-based propaganda . 
  i guess it has to do with the fact that people are frustrated with the way eu and some western countries handle the migrants crisis , so they support orb\u00e1n because he stands against that . 
  yeah , right , orban is absolutely [ not trying ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-21748878 ) to limit the judicial power . 
  like seriously , there have been tons of articles , reports and analysis in the past few years about orban 's attempts to undermine the check-and-balance system . 
  foreign press informs about it , both foreign ngos , hungarian ngos and international organizations inform about this . 
  what kind of prove would you like to have ? 
  do you expect fidesz to release a press release admitting that they 're doing this ? 
  or what would it take for you to believe that orban is trying to grab as much power for himself as possible ? 
  yes . 
  the law can say that all media have to provide `` balanced '' reporting . 
  now unless the law specifically defines what `` balanced '' is , it is open to interpretations . 
  in a healthy society with strong check-and-balance system , this is not a problem , because if the media council with the power to issue huge fines ( which is the case in hungary ) goes crazy and starts to interpret anything that goes against the government as `` unbalanced '' it 's ok , because someone will stop them . 
  but if the check-and-balances do n't work , then you have a problem . 
  and this is precisely what is going on in hungary . 
  you know , you could just read the analysis and then maybe it would be more clear to you . 
  but i guess you wo n't bother . 
  and what exactly do you expect him to cite for you ? 
  would you like to read the entire hungarian media law ? 
  if so , [ here ] ( https://www.scribd.com/doc/46310168/hungarian-media-law ) you are , it 's 200 pages long , so have fun with that . 
  but do n't be surprised if you do n't find a compromising passage saying `` from now on , i , viktor orb\u00e1n , declare all media to be under my direct control . 
  because fuck free press , muhahaha '' . 
  because that 's not how law works . 
  it 's often more about what 's not there than what 's there . 
  it 's about how vague the formulations are and what kind of space for different interpretations they give . 
  it 's also about the entire social climate - about the civic society , independent judges and constitutional court - their strength or weakness is crucial when it comes to preventing controversial interpretations or misuse of law . 
  so to ask to quote the part of the law , where it says that media in hungary are not free is just ignorant . 
  of course no one will openly put that in the law . 
  that does n't say anything about the actual reality though . 
  if you really are interested in the media situation in hungary , you can read [ this analysis ] ( http://www.riskandforecast.com/post/hungary/the-new-hungarian-media-law-evaluation-and-summary_645.html ) , it sumps it up pretty nicely . 
  yeah , but it would be more convenient not having to apply for the visa in the first place , right ? 
  and that would be beneficial for all the 10 milion people traveling to europe . 
  i do n't understand , why would that deal only concern 1-3 % of your population ? 
  i thought the visa lifting would apply for all turkish citizens who have biometric passports . 
  because we 're not living in a fairy tale land , where everyone does what they 're supposted to do under the international law ? 
  it does n't really matter whether turkey is obliged to take the migrants back from greece or is n't . 
  they can just say - no , we 're not taking them and end of story . 
  europe does n't have the leverage to force turkey to do what we want them to do , so we have to offer positive incentives . 
  if we do n't , they will let the migrants go to greece and refuse to take them back . 
  this is what the plan b is counting with . 
  so it all depends on what we will eventually find less damaging - give billions to turkey , offer visa-free travel for them and have the migrants to stay there , or not give billions or visa-free travel to turkey , but have the migrants trapped in greek islands . 
  but there is no middle ground in this , where you could say , fuck turkey , you 're not getting anything and have the migrants stay there . 
  sorry , did n't mean to offend or anything , i just thought that the population of all baltic states has been falling in the last decade , which is not the case of the czech republic or slovenia . 
  i did n't really consider where these people went or whether they 're likely to return in the future . 
  but i guess it 's logical that people would more likely want to return to estonia than to latvia or lithuania , since estonia is the most succesful out of the baltic countries . 
  so definitely good for you guys , keep up with the good work . 
  i can totally see you jumping ahead of us in gdp ppp per capita in the next few year or two , it 's very impressive how well estonia has been doing with the reforms . 
  generally yes , at least that 's how western europeans see it . 
  everything what was behind the iron curtain is eastern europe to them . 
  we like to call ourselves central europe though , due to our geographical position and due to the fact that we had strong ties to both austria and germany before ww2 . 
  the same goes for slovakia and hungary , we also consider poland and slovenia to be central european . 
  but no one in the west or in here would call us western europe . 
  you 're absolutely right , the climate change , the demographic time bomb waiting to happen ( or kinda already happening now ) in africa and the middle east ... really interesting times for europe waiting ahead of us . 
  the change of the economic model and the progress of a.i. 
  is something so abstract for me , or something so hard to speculate about , that i try not to worry about it too much . 
  it could basically change not just the economy but the whole essense of human life . 
  yeah , i was thinking the same , 30 years from now , the economic model can be totally different , maybe there will hardly be any manual jobs in the developed world . 
  everything will be done by robots . 
  in that case , having low population might be an advantage . 
  on the other hand , industrial revolution also changed the economic model and people lost their jobs . 
  and then new jobs were invinted , the kind of jobs that no one could imagine they would exist before the revolution . 
  so i can see that perhaps with automation there will be new jobs as well , we just ca n't imagine what they will be like . 
  so yeah , the demography is definitely a problem , for some reason , czechs are not leaving the country in the same numbers other eastern europeans do , so it 's not a massive issue for us now , but with the fertility rates hardly reaching 1.5 , i can totally see that we will actually compete with poland and other ee countries in who can get more ukrainians to come to our country .
