  and for low-skilled jobs you usually need to speak czech here . 
  getting a job is one of the most important things for succesful integration and as i explained , for mena migrants it would be pretty hard to find one here . 
  even if the first generation somehow overcame this problem and also the rather hostile attitudes of the locals , we would then probably have problems with the integration of the second generation , as we know can see in western europe . 
  i mean we ca n't even integrate our small roma minority , which has been living here for decades . 
  basically every government tries to come up with a new strategy on how to integrate them and nothing ever works . 
  so sofar we have n't had a lot of success in the integration of problematic people . 
  and do n't even get me started on the cultural differences between mena and european societies . 
  i 'm sure that there are many people among the migrants who are ready to embrace our values , who are willing to respect secularism , gender equality , gay rights and so on , but i 'm also pretty sure that there many people among them who are not ready to do that . 
  i 'm not willing to ignore the fact that these migrants come from societies which have little respect for women , gays , jews and so on . 
  middle east and north africa are not exactly a paradise of liberalism . 
  it would be pretty naive to assume that people coming from these places will automatically change their views once they reach europe . 
  i do n't think it 's irrational to assume that people coming from countries culturally close to our countries will be easier to integrate . 
  and yes if i could decide , i would prefer immigrants from for example ukraine than afghanistan . 
  but that 's not because of some irrational fear , i think it 's just perfectly logical to assume that ukrainians will less likely cause any troubles , because their culture is close to ours and their language is slavic , so it is easier for them to learn czech . 
  and the second thing i 'm worried about is that the crisis will help populists . 
  this is already happening to some extent in my country , but i ca n't even imagine the shitstorm that would follow if some of the refugees we are about to accept committed some serious crimes ( like sexual attacks or murder ) . 
  i do n't want some orban-like figure to gain power in my country . 
  i certainly do n't want to have neo-nazis in the parliament like they have now in slovakia . 
  i also do n't want anti-eu parties to become too strong . 
  so yeah - this is actually perfectly rational - too many refugees might send my country on the same illiberal , nationalist track that hungary and to some extent poland are on , and i do n't want to risk that . 
  this is absolutely gorgeous . 
  op , when is the best time to visit ? 
  spring or summer ? 
  so ... who 's moving to luxembourg with me ? 
  yeah , it 's not gon na happen any time soon . 
  people are strongly against and politicians are not willing to risk losing their preferences over this . 
  they will just continue with their current approach to euro - keep postponing the deadline until everyone forgets that we were ever supposted to accept it ( or how our pm puts it - until we catch up more with germany - so probably never ) . 
  but i 'm not really complaining , the whole euro project looks shaky at best . 
  it 's pretty clear that the greek crisis is not over yet and who knows how it 's gon na end . 
  i do n't see why we should rush too much into this , seems like we 're doing relatively fine with our currency as well . 
  not so bad anymore , most of the dannish students are now choosing different cities , because here the police is already ready for them , so it 's not much fun anymore . 
  but a few years ago , it was quite a big deal . 
  demolished hotel rooms , drunken fights in the city centre , loud , rude , obnoxious and arrogant behaviour , resisting the police and so on . 
  the first time it happened , it caught the police by surprise and it was all over the news here . 
  and the next years , all the media were like `` brace yourselves , dannish school holiday is coming '' :d they were even accompanied by a few dannish police officers to prevent this from happening again . 
  yeah , obviously that 's how it 's supposted to work and that how it 's working most of the times . 
  but it does n't always work like this . 
  and the thing is - when you take kids first and only start questioning the decision later on , the damages are already there . 
  sometimes it can take years before the state authorities correct their decision . 
  for small children that 's crucial . 
  for example in the case of the two czech boys - it 's too late for any correction now . 
  the boys spend years separated in norwegian foster families . 
  they probably do n't even remember each other , they have zero contact with their grandparents in the czech republic and even if they did , they could n't communicate , because they no longer speak czech . 
  that 's also why the new czech-norwegian contract about children protection will only apply to new cases . 
  for the `` old '' cases it 's too late . 
  the kids are already used to their new families a giving them to some `` strangers '' in the czech republic would probably be traumatic . 
  nah , it 's not very likely . 
  at least in my opinion . 
  but then no one really expected the crimea annexation either . 
  so you ca n't really rule anything out . 
  but in general - as long as nato is still a thing , it 's very unlikely that russia would try anything . 
  but if the u.s. started to signal that they might not honor their commitments , the risk would certainly increase . 
  the thing is , the vast majority of russians never accepted that they lost their influence in this part of the world . 
  they did not leave voluntarily , they were basically forced out . 
  in this kind of enviroment it is not completely unthinkable that russia would try to gamble and test the nato and european unity . 
  would it be costly ? 
  well if the baltics were left alone , then no , the invasion would not really be too costly . 
  if the rest of the europe joined the fight , then yes , it would be very costly . 
  and if europe was fighting russia , i do n't see how u.s. could ever stay out of the fight , so we would basically have a ww3 . 
  and no one really wants that . 
  so it 's really a psychological game . 
  what europe and u.s. have to do is to deter , which means big defense budgets . 
  bid defense budgets show that you 're preparing for a potential conflict and thus decrease the chances that an actual conflict will happen , because it 's clear that it could escalete to something horrible . 
  and that 's the reason why it 's not really an option for the u.s. to cut their defense budgets too much - the deterrent might stop be credible , conflict might happen and they would end up paying way more . 
  haha , well make up your mind , you ca n't have it both ways !, 
  yeah , i guess norwegians are pretty much convinced that the court can never be wrong . 
  no judicials mistakes happen . 
  everyone who has law on their side will win . 
  and if no mistakes ever happen , why should we dig too much into the individual cases and question the authorities ? 
  i have a feeling that the norwegian institutions run so smoothly most of the times , that norwegians simply lost any doubts . 
  on one hand it must be great to live in such a country where everything works so great . 
  on the other hand , just imagine being the one of the few who are wronged by the institutions . 
  it must be a nightmare . 
  no one believes you , everyone automatically assumes that you are lying . 
  you are getting desperate , so you go to the media hoping that it will help you , but it actually only upsets the authorities that someone dared to question their competence . 
  and the norwegians are still not believing you , because surely , the system is working without any mistakes and if there ever was one , it would have been corrected by now . 
  i 'm not saying this happens often . 
  it 's actually probably pretty rare . 
  but when it does happen , it must be horrible for the people involved . 
  ee countries actually are raising the budgets , because they realize that the security clima in the region changed . 
  but yeah , they are not raising them high enough yet ( except for poland and estonia ) . 
  uk and greece spend a lot too . 
  but yeah in general - unless the countries are forced , they will never raise the budgets to u.s. level . 
  that 's just not gon na happen . 
  on the other hand , as i wrote in the previous posts , if the u.s. tried to force them by treathening to leave , or actually leaving them on their own , it could have pretty serious consequences not just for europe , but for you guys as well . 
  so yeah , that 's pretty much it . 
  superpower problems . 
  yep , can only agree that we should really spent more . 
  this really nicely shows the norwegian mentality , you guys simply believe your institutions a lot . 
  there is nothing wrong with that and i 'm sure that in the vast majority of the cases this trust is well-founded . 
  i studied in norway for one semester and whenever i talked about this issue with the locals , they always expressed their deep conviction that the child service will decide rightly and if not , the court would correct that decision . 
  the problem is , in this kind of enviroment , if one fuck-up happens , no one will do anything , because no one even believes that the child service or the court could make a mistake . 
  so there 's been a case of two czech boys taken from their mother . 
  obviously we do n't know the details of the case but even if the removal of the kids is completely justified , what could possibly justify putting the two brothers to two different families and denying them the chance to grow up together ? 
  what could justify the fact that even though the boys have czech citizenship and have czech relatives who would happily take them , they have to stay in norway , where they will eventually forget their native language and loose all their ties to their country ? 
  this case caused a lot of outrage in the czech republic . 
  top-class politicians are involved in it , including the pm and the president . 
  in fact , the pressure on norway was so big that a new contract is now in development that would prevent future similar cases from happening . 
  the norwegian child service would have to firstly consider if the child has a relative in the czech republic and if so , it would be send there , not to norwegian foster family . 
  but that does n't change tha fact that norway is seriously damaging its reputation in several countries by the way they handle the cases of foreign parents .
