  for you , it was just a trade pact . 
  for me , it 's also an organization that keeps peace in europe . 
  it 's an organization that makes sure smaller countries have a say as well . 
  i always laugh when i hear people saying that the eu is a tool of germany and france . 
  as if the eu did n't exist , we would have more power over european affairs . 
  the eu is one of the reasons why when i look at our western neighbour , i can at most worry that german politicians will be foolish enough to force refugee quotas on us . 
  but that 's about it , i do n't have to worry about any danger from germany . 
  eu is one of the reasons why in the post 89 era , politicians in cee countries actually made significant efforts to reform . 
  without the perspective of the eu membership , i do n't even want to think where we 'd be now . 
  so yes , i think despite all its flaws , the eu is a goddamn good deal for us . 
  if all countries in europe did what the uk did and said `` fuck it , we want a better deal for ourselves '' where would that bring us ? 
  you being a relatively powerful country in a favourable geographic position , can afford to do this , but what about countries like mine ? 
  what do we ever have to gain from a return to pre-ww2 order in europe ? 
  the eu has many problems , but i do n't think the solution to this is to throw it all away . 
  i hope that the other eu countries , unlike the uk , will still be able to work on a compromise , i hope that we wo n't give in to egoism and selfishness , because the collapse of the eu can bring catastrophic consequences , specially in today 's circumstances with trump in the us and putin in russia . 
   you can respond by trying to hold things together by force , tightening a vice-like grip that ends up crushing into tiny pieces the very things you want to protect . 
  i 'm sorry but this is just absolutely hilarious to me . 
  do you want a real example of what it means to hold something together by force ? 
  how about prague spring in 1968 and the soviet invasion of czechoslovakia . 
  or the hungarian uprising in 1956 . 
  i think you can see how from my perspective , may 's talk about trying to hold things by force , is just ridiculous . 
  nobody was holding you by force . 
  you do n't seem to understand what it actually means . 
   i think a lot of / r/europe users can not really understand why some british people voted leave at all ( though i am trying to correct that ! ) . 
  i think they tend to associate us with extremist movements in their own countries . 
  i think they understand it better than you think . 
  nobody ( or just very few people ) actually thinks that 52 % of british voters are some far-right supporters . 
  the angry reactions you see on this subreddit are imo caused more by hurt feelings than a lack of understanding . 
  and it 's not just hurt feelings because you rejected the eu , the frustrations were already build by the way the uk behaved within the eu and by the way the campaign was led . 
  it 's not that people do n't understand british exceptionalism . 
  it 's simply that they do n't like it . 
  it 's seen as as annoying , if not even insulting to some , to always say `` i 'm different , i need a special deal for myself , because i 'm not like any of you . 
  what is good enough for you is not good enough for me '' . 
  when you keep saying this , you ca n't be surprised that some people 's reactions will eventually be `` well then fuck off , we have enough of your complaining '' . 
  i really have to make myself more clear when i talk about the continental europe and when i talk about my country specificaly , because i see i always end up confusing you  what i meant was - british leave voters do n't understand continental europe as well as we ( continental europeans ) understand you . 
  western europeans ( not just brits and not only leave or remain voters ) in general do n't understand eastern europeans as much as we understand you . 
  this is because as you said , the anglo-culture is prominent and the information flow in europe basically goes heavily in one direction , from west to east , but not so much in the opposite direction . 
  so while we have bazillion articles about brexit , trump and so on , you have like one article a month about orb\u00e1n building fence or something ( obviously i 'm exaggerating a bit ) . 
   we will see about this , because we can not predict the future at all . 
  brexit changed the path of european history in a fundamental way and it will be a long time before we see all the consequences i agree that we ca n't predict all the consequences , but i think it 's fair to say that when you vote yourself out of the eu and decide to orientate yourself more globally , then the ties with europe will not exactly be strenghtened . 
  i mean , that 's quite obvious , i do n't need to see into the future to be able to draw this conclusion . 
   in the future , we might decide to prioritise british students , and put eu students equal with students in the rest of the world . 
  yeah i get it , that 's up to you . 
  we ca n't force the uk to give eu students any preferential treatment . 
  however as i said , we could keep preferential treatment for british students , even if the uk does n't reciprocate . 
  just as a nice gesture towards remainers . 
  probably not gon na happen , but it would be a cool thing to do . 
   we ca n't move the island , sadly !, 
  ha , what is this defeatist attitude ? 
  i suggest a simple solution - you do n't have to physically move the island , you can just move the people . 
  simply switch the places with mexicans . 
  you get better weather , mexicans get rid of their obnoxious northern neighbour and we get mexican food instead of british food . 
  win-win situation i 'd say . 
   we will still be part of european history , european literature , european cultural values and so forth . 
  but cultural exchange is not really balanced : we export far more than we import because anglo culture is very dominant . 
  i do n't think british people will stop travelling and going abroad and exploring . 
  jokes asides , this is very true . 
  when i sometimes watch british political debates or read opinions of leave voters , i feel like they do n't really understand us . 
  but this is not just uk-eu thing , i feel the same about western europe-eastern europe relation . 
  the lack of understanding of political context of this region not just among the general public but among the we politicians is probably even bigger than in the uk-eu case . 
  but while the gap between ee and we is hopefully gon na get smaller in the future , the gap between europe and the uk is probably only gon na get bigger and bigger . 
   the same rules impacted the uk in a completely different way . 
  but what different way ? 
  the uk universities are not free for anyone anyway , so the eu nationals are paying for it . 
  are you saiyng that you had too many eu students ? 
  i mean , what could possibly be wrong with having paying eu students at your unis ? 
  i can understand concerns about eu workers , but students are not stealing jobs from anyone or driving down the wages . 
   none of us can speak danish , romanian or portuguese . 
  no offence , but nobody is stoping you from learning foreign languages . 
  it is not the eu 's fault if some uk students decided not to exercise their right to study abroad just because they were too lazy to learn any foreign language . 
   i think the uk and the eu can now negotiate an arrangement in relation to erasmus and let 's see what happens . 
  it we ca n't agree , so be it . 
  hopefully we can . 
  it would be a shame , since erasmus is such a great programme . 
  it is not just about the studies , but also about the cultural exchange . 
  it brings us all closer together and would not want the uk to mentally drift away from europe even more . 
   personally i am not sure why you would want taxpayers in your country to pay the fees for other country 's students i would say that in the case of my country the strategy is quite simple - if someone takes the effort to learn b2 level of czech , then it 's quite likely that they have a significant interest in staying in the country . 
  thus it totally makes sense to pay for their uni education , since the chances are that they will stay after and become a contributing member of our society . 
  we get a quite lot of non-eu nationals from slavic countries who are using this possibility to study at czech unis for free , since for them , learning czech is not as hard . 
  after graduating , the labour market is open for them and we 're of course happy to keep them here . 
   not sure why being in the eu is necessary for this . 
  an eu country that wanted to pay their taxpayers to pay the fees of uk students could do this by itself . 
  that 's one of the advantages of the eu - not all politicians at the national level would normally agree on treating the eu nationals the same as the local students . 
  the eu simply sets this as a rule so that all young people living in the eu can benefit from this , no matter if you 're from portugal , romania or denmark . 
  i personally consider this one of the greatest achievements of the eu . 
  i think it 's awesome that young people have the right to pursue their education anywhere in the eu under the same conditions as the locals . 
  when i said `` here '' i meant the eu , not just my country , but anyway - of course there are people from outside the world who study or work here . 
  but eu nationals have it easier . 
  they do n't need a work permit , they can just come here and start applying for jobs . 
  they have the same rights as the locals . 
  my country is not really a good example , since we offer free university education to everybody , regardless of their nationality , but only as long as the courses are in czech . 
  for courses taught fully in english , everyone has to pay tuition fees , including eu and czech nationals . 
  but in other eu countries , being or not being an eu national can make the difference between having to pay the tuition fees and not having to pay the tuition fees . 
  i know . 
  norway is in erasmus as well , i should know since i spent my exchange semester there . 
  but we do n't know right now if the eu and the uk can reach a deal on that . 
  a few years ago , switzerland was excluded from erasmus when they tried to establish quotas for immigrants from the eu despite that being against the agreements they have with the eu . 
  so it 's not like there 's some guarantee that the uk and the eu will have an arrangement on this . 
  there could be one , but we do n't know how the negotiations will go . 
  and even if there is one , erasmus is for the maximum period of two semesters .
