  sweden 's example showed that you can avoid it pretty much indefinitely . 
  yeah , people here largely also do n't even know that such an idea exist . 
  no one ever informed them that this was the general path that western european countries decided to take . 
  then of course it 's hardly surprising that anti-eu sentiments grow here when the eu tries to push for common asylum or migration policy . 
  because people never even knew that the eu has such an authority and they certainly did not knowingly agree with it . 
  eu was almost exclusivelly sold here as a free trade area that would bring economic prosperity , plus it would make traveling , studying and working in other countries easier . 
  do n't know if it 's the case in other ee countries as well , but at least here no politicians and also no representatives of the eu institutions in cz have ever tried to properly introduce the other aspects of the eu integration . 
  the idea of the ever closer union was never really a part of the discussion among the general public . 
  if anything , it was discussed among the academic/intelectual/political elites , not among the `` ordinary '' people . 
  i did n't know there was only one universally accepted definition of nationalism . 
  this is not how nationalism is mostly understood here . 
  if anything our nationalism is really just protective nationalism - people are protective of their way of life and sensitive about any foreign elements which could disrupt it . 
  yeah , that 's true , it would be very amusing to see him at the summits trying to act diplomatic though . 
  still , it 's kind of weird , because ano is officialy pro-eu , they are even in alde . 
  but babi\u0161 definitely has even harder stance on the migrant crisis than our current pm . 
  it 's funny , because out of v4 countries , czech public is probably the most eurosceptic , yet we have a relatively pro-eu government and the governmental parties are leading all the polls . 
  whereas polish and hungarian people are more in favour of the eu , yet their governments are relatively more eurosceptic than ours . 
   the bulgarian fm was mentioning the funds will be cut from countries with low rates of utilization aah , now that makes much more sense . 
  i thought they simply cut them to all new member states as the guy in the video was mentioning . 
   and it wo n't affect ( too much ) countries with lower absorption either ( since they would n't have had utilized the funds anyway ) . 
  that 's probably why nobody protested then . 
  but still , the fact that someone had a low absorption rate in the previous years does n't mean they would also have the low absorption rates this time . 
  i do n't know about hungary or poland , but we also sucked a lot at absorption for a long time and only managed to almost fully absorb the 2007-13 programming period with some last-minute effort . 
  so i do n't think it 's right to cut the funds to countries like romania , bulgaria or crotia , who actually need the money the most , just because they 're expected to not absorp them fully . 
  it was n't presented at all , at least i did n't notice a single news report about it and i read czech media daily . 
  you 're right , it 's kind of weird . 
  even when our fms themselves agreed with it , i would also expect the press to report on this , specially since it 's eastern european countries only who got their funds cut . 
  you 'd think this would be the perfect material for media . 
  interesting . 
  when i was reading the news about eastern europe having their funds slashed , i automatically just assumed that the eu has cut the funds of the entire cohesion policy and that it is only interpreted as eastern europe having the funds cut by the journalists because we are the main net recipients of the cohesion funds . 
  i did n't know that the eu has cut the money * specifically * only to us and kept them the same for all other countries . 
  i think it was supposed to mean something like `` we can work together in the eu , because we trust each other a lot '' not `` we will literaly go and steal money from the eu '' - orb\u00e1n would not be so stupid to openly admit that he sees the eu as a giant cash flow . 
  ano is largely considered to be the populist party , it 's currently in the coalition with the social democrats and christian democrats and it is also leading the current polls . 
  it 's a party run by the second richest man in cz , who owns a large chemical/agriculture company and also two big newspapers + a radio station . 
  they 're basically a catch-all , anti-establishment party . 
  they purposefully do n't indentify as neither left nor right wing , so they can attract all sort of voters . 
  economically they could be probably described as center right though . 
  in everything else , they pretty much follow the public opinion , which is why they 're described as populist . 
   we categorically oppose any moves that would make nato redundant or obsolete . 
  maybe for now , but if trump is elected , he might dismantle nato by himself . 
  that 's why the eu should prepare for this possibility . 
  if trump is n't elected , we could have the eu army only as an additional force , one that we could use in the north africa/middle east to help stabilize the countries , so that not that many migrants come here . 
  for detering russia we would still have nato . 
  and you guys want to focus on asia anyway , so you should be glad if europe starts to slowly taking the responsibility for its own defense . 
  bit of both . 
  his political rivals ( including his coalition partners ) definitely want to limit his power . 
  at the same time this law was also supported by anti-corruption ngos and other representatives of the non-political sector . 
  and yes , it 's possible that he will go back to the shadows trying to influence politics from behind the scenes . 
  but i think it 's way more likely that he will try to `` sell '' the media to someone loyal to him and continue as a politician . 
  he might often say that he hates being in politics but i think he actually enjoys it . 
  he seems like the type of guy who is too impatient to stay in the shadows , he wants to have direct influence , not spend years lobbying with uncertain results . 
  plus he probably genuinely thinks he 's doing a good job for the country . 
  plus he is leading the polls , so i ca n't really see him quitting . 
  you 're welcome . 
  and btw . 
  a small update : the lower house of our parliament has just today approved a law that will ban government members from owning media and their companies from applying for state subsidies . 
  if the upper house and the president approves it as well , he will have to get rid of his media , or not run in the next election . 
  yep , most private czech media indeed do have ideological biases . 
  the economist pointed out some of them which are very anti-refugee . 
  we also do have very liberal , pro-eu and fairly pro-refugee media . 
  and then there 's the public tv channel , which tries to stay as neutral as possible and is doing more or less a good job . 
  long story short , media apocalypse is not happening here just yet . 
  granted , the economist is right that the attitudes of the public towards refugees are worse now than they were in september 2015 , but the coverage of tv prima is not the main reason why , the terror attacks and sexual attacks in the western europe are way more likely to be the main reason . 
  well this article was never really about peoples ' attitudes , it was about a disagreement between our governments . 
  the reason for this disagreement is for sure partly our preference to keep good relations with germany , but it 's really not the only reason , the current pm and foreign minister in czechia are simply from the moderate pro-eu part of the social democratic party and they have been trying to play the sort of moderate mediating role within the v4 basicallly ever since the government in poland changed . 
  and i mean , yes , our economy is quite dependent on germany , but how could the german government use that against us ? 
  are they going to force vw to close one of its most succesful and profitable brand ( \u0160koda ) ? 
  it 's really not that one sided , germany profits from their activities in cee region as well . 
  and all v4 countries combined import more german products than the us or france . 
  so it 's in everyone 's interest to keep the business relations working . 
  finally , while the attitudes of the public towards the refugees are the same here , if not harsher , like in poland and hungary , there certainly are some cultural differences between us . 
  the czech society is way less conservative ( when it comes to lgbt rights , abortions , drugs and so on ) and way less focused on protecting christian values ( since the majority of us are atheists ) . 
  i agree that majority of czechs share zeman 's negative view on refugees/migrants , but for god 's sake , please , stop quoting sanep as a relevent source . 
  it 's the same agency that asked people this question in one of their survey : `` the eu has forbidden the czech republic to use the terms `` pomaz\u00e1nkov\u00e9 m\u00e1slo '' and `` tuzemsk\u00fd rum '' . 
  do you think it 's right that eu determines how many refugees should each country take ? '', 
  and they did n't even properly pick the people they asked . 
  those people basically picked themselves - they voluntarily registered into their database and vote on the internet - so we ca n't even know if all of them are real people and not fictional identities . 
  not to mention that it is the worst kind of tabloid - blesk - who pays for surveys at sanep . 
  and obviously , they get exactly what they want for their money . 
  well , what can i say . 
  i do n't like him , i would never vote for him , i have a problem with that huge conflict of interests that he is in , but i can sort of see why other people do vote for him . 
  and i 'm not naive enough to think that politicians who do n't have direct ties to media or big companies are automatically clean . 
  yeah , we know . 
  it 's awful . 
  on the other hand , at least everyone knows that he is in a conflict of interests . 
  we know what media he owns , so we are aware that they are very likely biased at least in the domestic politics section . 
  we know what companies he owns , so he must be very careful not to leave any impression that he 's trying to promote their interests while in the office ( even though he probably does it to some extent , but has to be very subtle about it ) . 
  you will always have lobbying in the politics , or even corruption . 
  it often happens behind the scenes , so you do n't even know about it . 
  and it this case , it just does n't happen behind the scenes . 
  and so far , people do n't seem to be very concerned about it , his party is for now leading the polls . 
  granted , he 's basically a populist , definitely when it comes to the migrant crisis and also other issues . 
  but , he keeps the budget balanced , the unemplyoment is one of the lowest in the eu , salaries are rising and overall czech economy is doing pretty good . 
  and he 's the finance minister , so he 's naturelly getting a lot of credit for that , even if it 's not all his efforts ( we 're a very open economy , so external influences play a big role ) . 
  he 's basically running a pernament re-election campaign . 
  plus he 's drunk very often . 
  plus he gets money from russia . 
  so we can expect more original statements . 
  yeah , sorry i mixed up the terms , but it actually was signed in geneva , so that 's probably why i had that in my mind . 
  the article basically talks about a regular meeting of czech ambassadors with the czech pm .
