  that 's completely different from fining countries for their citizens misbehaviour ( specially since this misbehaviour technically is n't even illegal ) . 
  yes , countries can choose their visa policy and they can also remove some countries from the visa-free regime , but they ca n't just fine these countries for something unethical their citizens did . 
   well , it can revoke the passport of cheaters . 
  it can fine the cheaters . 
  it can jail the cheaters . 
  no , they ca n't just jail the people . 
  as i already said , the people technically did n't do anything illegal . 
  they came to germany legally . 
  they used the befinits of an official german programme that motivates people to return to their countries . 
  so what are they gon na be charged with ? 
  for what should they be sentected to prison ? 
  on what grounds can the serbian government punish them , when no actual crime was commited ? 
  seriously , serbia is not responsible for the fact that the german system is set up in a way that makes it vulnerable to abuse . 
  germany is responsible for that . 
  i really do n't understand how you can keep shifting the responsibility on other countries , instead of looking what germany could do to protect their own system . 
   well , these countries are issuing their citizens with passports , which allows them to come to germany . 
  so just because a country issues their citizens passports , they should now be responsible for everything illegal their citizens do in every country ? 
  do you also think that other countries should fine germany for whatever damage their citizens commit in different countries ? 
  so if a german tourist comes to prague , gets drunk and destroys some public property , should we send the german government a bill for that ? 
  and if a german citizen commits a murder abroad , should the german government also pay the relatives a compensation , just because they issued his/her passport ? 
  i mean , come on , this makes no sense , individuals are responsible for their individual crimes , they have to bear the responsibility . 
  if you tried to hold the government accountable in this specific situation , then it would create a ridiculous precedent that could be use essentialy for any situation when someone does something illegal abroad . 
  and trying to contain this kind of logic only for this specific situation would be massively hypocritical . 
  how could germany possible explain that they 're fining other government for their citizens ' behaviour while they do n't pay for germans who do illegal things abroad ? 
  so no , trying to shift the responsibility to serbia is just wrong . 
  serbia does its part by accepting their people back , it is not their fault that germany 's system even enables people to behave in this way . 
  and what should serbia even do ? 
  they can not restrict people from traveling , so they can not reasonably prevent this from happening . 
  and when they 're deported , what should serbia punish them for ? 
  for accepting the benefits that germany offered them ? 
  i mean , they did n't force the money out of you . 
  they came in legally ( remember they can come to schengen for 90 days without visa ) , they asked for asylum which was denied and then they were offered money to leave and they took them . 
  what they 've done is morally wrong , but not legally wrong . 
  serbia has nothing to charge them with . 
  it 's germany that allows them to act in this way . 
   then we should bill the serbian government for all expenses they cost us . 
  that 's a great way to get the few countries that actually do cooperate with germany on deportations to abandon this policy and stop cooperating all together . 
  not to mention that the serbian government can not possibly predict the intentions of all of its citizens and since serbia has a visa-free travel within schengen , they can hardly stop their people using the 90-days limit when they can travel inside schengen freely as a way to get to germany and ask for asylum . 
  or do you think they should just put people in jail based on some suspision before any crime actually happens ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i condemn that people try to abuse the system and i agree that they should not be rewarded for it , but trying to punish the serbian government for this is ridiculous . 
  germany should better focus on fixing their own damn system . 
  aah , thank you very much , that 's very helpful , 
  that 's weird , the link works for me . 
  it links to eurostat data that i already filtered so that it only showed germany and v4 countries , that 's why i said number 1 - because i already was only counting germany and v4 . 
  anyway - you can hopefully reach the database [ here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/web/crime/database ) and click through it and filter it yourself if you want . 
   the refugee crisis is going on since 2015 , and crime reports care done quarterly . 
  well sure , national government do have their own fresh statistics , but those are usually in their national language and can use totally different methodology , which often make the results absolutely imcomparable . 
  sorry , but you just totally pulled that out of your ass , did n't you ? 
  eurostat 's newest stats are from 2014 , so are the stats from the un or world bank , so how can you possible know that you have lower crime index in 2016 ? 
  plus it 's actually very difficult to compare countries crime rates , since countries often use different definitions for different crimes , or there is a different level of social stigma in reporting for example sexual crimes and so on . 
  and even if we went with this kind of data , the numbers still do n't really support your claim , when you go through the different categories . 
  you 're definitely not the number 1 in all of these . 
  edit : i deleted the link to the data , as it was pointed out to me that it did n't work . 
   i do n't expect to get much here , as i 'm more than certain that the people with positive or semi positive opinions about communism will keep to themselves at risk of being torn apart by the anti-communists of their country who have personal anecdotes about how their uncle/sister/grandpa was held hostage for x amount of years because they talked favourably about their pre-communist country . 
  well in my country in the 1950s , some people were actually not `` only '' imprisoned , they were executed . 
  so yeah , i could not possibly have positive views of this regime regardless of what economic prosperity/or lack of economic prosperity it provided to its people . 
  it was a disgusting oppresive regime and when we tried to reform it , the soviets invaded and made sure it was shitty again . 
  however i was born after 89 , so i also did n't live through it . 
  from what my parents told me : it sucked . 
  normal products were often not available in stores . 
  the state basically institutionalized corruption - in most of the career fields , to move significantly up , you had to have contacts in the party , or be in the party yourself . 
  to get your kid to college , party membership meant plus points in the entering exams , to get preferential treatment anywhere , you often payed bribes . 
  my mum was just in college in the late 80 's and said that pretty much all of the students knew what they were fed througout the educational system was a bullshit and they secretly laughed at it and listened to radio free europe at their students ' dorms . 
  however it 's true that both my parents basically benefited from the regime change , because they could use their skills/education to reach a much better living standard they they would have had in the communist regime . 
  this was not the case of everyone . 
  some people genuinely are worse off than they were . 
  and then there are some people who are better off , but they still feel nostalgic about the regime - for many it 's often really that they have it connected with the times when they were young and did n't have to worry about anything . 
  that 's just the humane nature , we tend to remember mainly the good things . 
  ok , `` all-out '' was a poor choice of words on my side , sorry about that . 
  what i meant was that you should have acted defensively - you should have repelled the immediate attack , but not actively retaliate against it , certainly not by forcing out georgian civilians out of the area . 
  interfering in other country 's internal territorial disputes is none of your business . 
  if atrocities are happening happening , then it 's possible for the international community to step in it , but not in other cases . 
  you can try to apply diplomatic/economic pressure , but it 's not acceptable to solve these kind of disputes with brute force . 
   what should troops do when they are attacked ? 
  well firstly your mission was to not let the violence get out of hand in the first place and not encouraging the separatists to use violent methods . 
  when you were attacked , you surely had the right to react defensively to protect yourself , not to launch an all-out invasion to georgia . 
  if georgian forces tried to ethnicaly-cleansed the regions , then you would be right to intervene . 
  but this was n't happening . 
   who funds `` human rights watch '' ? 
  us funds them . 
  the us does not fund them , they do n't take governmental funds from anyone . 
  if anything , they 're often accused of anti-israel bias , so that would hardly make them pro-us when israel is a big ally of the us . 
  and for example in the case of ukraine they often reported about human rights abuses on both sides , not just on the side of russia/the separatists , but also on the side of the ukrainian forces , so i do n't see why they should lie in the case of russia-georgia war . 
  the 39 % in our case is also pretty weird . 
  when this type of survey is done here on the national level , it 's usually around 25 % . 
   like it was in south ossetia and abkhazia when georgia attacked them and our peacekeepers tried do defend civilians ? 
  but we are still blamed by west as aggressors in those conflicts , despite the fact that we had international mandates . 
  you had a mandate for a peacekeeping mission , not to take part on either of the side . 
  and again , the russian-georgian war had numerous civilian casualties on both sides , as it is unfortunately common in every war . 
  also according to the human rights watch 's report , it was south ossetians and russians who were guilty of intentionally targetting georgian civilians , forcing them to flee from the region , the georgians were also guilty of having little concern for minimising civilian risk , but it was not proven that they targeted civilians intentionally . 
  plus the whole tensions were firstly escalated by south ossetian shelling georgian villages . 
   the whole system is rotten , why we need to wait until someone would start to kill our people ? 
  no , we could protect them and we did it right in time . 
  because then anyone could misuse it , claiming that the danger for whatever minority is imminent when it would n't be true . 
  there was an active war in the eastern ukraine , so obviously there were civilian casualties . 
  civilian casualties happen nearly in every war . 
  but the war was started by the separatists and supported by russia . 
  i get that there are some concerning elements within the ukrainian army , but they would probably be never given the space to act if the separatists did n't start a violent conflict . 
  you ca n't just invade a foreign country saying `` well , pre-emptively we decided to invade , because something bad could happen to ethnic russians '' . 
  this is the same kind of rhetorics hitler used when he took czechoslovakia - he also did that because he wanted to `` protect the ethnic germans '' .
