  what does that mean ? 
  that more populous countries would get a commissioner more often ? 
  that would n't be fair to smaller countries , so i would n't agree with that . 
  i live in brno and the prices here have also gone up , although it 's not yet on the insane levels as in prague . 
  the rents have not yet fully copied the same pattern , but i expect that they will rise in 2017 as well . 
  it wo n't be as bad as in prague though , because brno does n't get as many immigrants as prague does . 
  overall i really hope that the changes in the policy of the central bank will at least have some positive effect and also that prague starts building more appartments as fast as possible ( but knowing the efficiency of prague authorities , that probably wo n't happen ) . 
   my point is that you could try to alter the position of the european commission there 's just no way for that to happen . 
  migration agenda is handled by a greek guy , whose position is ( understandably ) to get people from greece . 
  i think we all know what juncker 's and timmermans ' positions are . 
  there 's really no possible way to `` take a lead '' . 
  all we can hope for is to influence the next eu-wide migration policy proposal . 
  i hope that the commission has enough senses to not propose pernament quotas , but honestly , at this point , it would n't even surprise me . 
  baltics are precisely the countries which will not risk threatening their ties to the west . 
  v4 is on their own on this . 
  or nowadays more like czech republic , poland and hungary . 
  slovaks are already very much tied to the core eu through the euro , so they are likely to eventually follow the mainstream position . 
  and i do n't really understand your point about the european commission . 
  they quota system is pushed exactly by the european commission , the commission does n't share v4 view at all . 
  v4 does n't have enough economic and political power to push their views within the eu , let alone go to africa and play diplomacy there . 
  this is just how the power balance within the eu is . 
  other ee countries are unwilling to threaten their ties with the eu and we countries because of this issue . 
  and more importantly , there is in general no ambition to tell other countries how they should handle immigration . 
  v4 countries be mostly ok if they just could keep their own migration policy , they do n't have the need to tell western europe what to do . 
  there have been numerous food tests which confirmed that is is indeed happening , it 's just not clear to what extent . 
  people often say that it is our own fault because we buy cheap things and then complain that they 're low quality , however when you actually compare the products , it 's often the case that the price is the same , or even higher in the czech republic than in germany , even though germans have on average 3x bigger salaries . 
  i would n't blame it on us being shit , i think the vast majority of czechs do n't even know that we 're shit , because it 's such a non-event here that hardly anyone watches it . 
  for example , i have no idea what gypsy group you 're talking about . 
  in the czech republic , the issue of sudeten germans is still a sensitive topic until today . 
  people would probably rather avoid talking about it because it 's simply an uncomfortable topic . 
  the mainstream opinion would probably be that the expulsion was a logical consequence of the german agression and of the behaviour of the sudeten germans prior to 1938 when they overwhelmingly voted for a party that supported hitler . 
  the majority people would however also agree that the way it was done - specially during the wild phase , was wrong from our side . 
  we killed several thousands of civilians , some of them women and children . 
  that is something which is nowadays recognized , however i can imagine that if a german or austrian tried to discuss this with czech people , some would get fairly defensive . 
  not to the extent that they would deny that the atrocities happened , but there could be some arguments saying that they brought it on themselves . 
  i personally feel like the atrocities were unjustified no matter what , however the expulsion itself was from my point of view a logical and pragmatic step from our politicians . 
  no one could have known that germany would turn into a peaceful country . 
  in fact given how fast germany went from ww1 to ww2 , there were reasonable worries that having a large german minority could be an existential threat to us again in the future . 
  plus in 1945 the hatred of czechs towards germans was so high that i just ca n't imagine how we could function in a common state together . 
  that 's why i 'm glad that this dark chapter is behing us and we now have standard , friendly relations with germany . 
  i do n't think there 's any point in trying to fix the history now . 
  it 's something that should be remembered , but it happened decades ago , so we should really leave it to the past . 
  i do n't know anyone who watches it or really cares about it . 
  it 's not a big thing in the czech republic at all . 
  specially since there 's also hockey going on on tv and that is much more interesting to the vast majority of czechs . 
  september 2015 by the council of the european union . 
  [ the text of adopted decision ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=celex:32015d1601 ) [ the voting track of all member states ] ( http://www.votewatch.eu/en/term8-proposal-for-a-council-decision-establishing-provisional-measures-in-the-area-of-international-prote.html ), 
  i know , i was just joking . 
  in all seriousness , i do n't think it 's a very realistic idea . 
  eh , not that we do n't like you , but if we absolutely had to , we would rather merge with austrians . 
  they have prettier mountains , they 're of a similar size like us and they have things like schnitzel and sachertorte . 
  you guys should go and merge with france , that would be a good fit for you . 
  leave poor netherlands alone , those guys already have belgium or luxembourg . 
  we could n't even keep czechoslovakia together and czechs and slovaks like each other a lot . 
  if it did n't work out with slovaks for us , it wo n't work out with anyone . 
  look at the right sidebar , where you have the name of the subreddit and the number of subscribers and just below there , there should be a line saying `` show my flair on this subreddit '' , so you have to check the box and then clink on `` edit '' and pick the flag you want , 
  absolutely , i 'm not saying that there are no cultural differences . 
  but would you put them above being czech ? 
  belgium is n't that bigger than czechia ( population-wise ) , yet over there regional divisions are much stronger . 
  additionaly , poland is significantly bigger than czechia ( both in terms of population and land size ) and yet the regional identities are n't strong there either . 
  so it does n't have to be that small country = weak regional identity while big country = strong regional identity . 
  some countries are just more uniform than others . 
  the czech republic is a relatively homogenous nation state and that 's how we identify . 
  we do not wish to be split in different regions . 
  and yeah , now i can totally see how this would have extremely negative associations in poland . 
  it actually happened more than once , did n't it ? 
  good thing that you overcame this all . 
  i always had a sense of admiration for poland for how you managed to get back on your feet after every disaster inflicted on you . 
  uhm , what , the eu forced you split your country ? 
  yeah , our ` kraje ' are also completely artifical . 
  if anything , we have three distinct cultural regions - bohemia , moravia and czech silesia , but the borders between them are blurred and they have no official political representation or anything like that . 
  and while there are some cultural differences between them , the majority of people would still consider themselves the citizens of the czech republic above their regional identity . 
  i can only imagine the backlash if the eu tried to tell `` now , you have to split , there 's no more czech republic , nation states are so a thing of the past '' . 
  the outcry over here would reach epic proportions . 
  well , no , because the eu membership is much more than just eu funds , it 's also the single market and it provides some additional stability in terms of geopolitics . 
  actually it 's kind of hard to measure which specific features of the eu are good for the convergence , which make no effect and which are negative , because they all come in one package . 
  from my point of view , i 'd say the funds make a lot of sense specially in areas where the free market otherwise would n't invest in . 
  so culture , education , healthcare and innovations that only have a realistic chance of being profitable decades from now , but they 're strategilly important for the country . 
  but even in these areas , you simply ca n't avoid the risk of corruption . 
  to be fair though , the eu is trying to change the rules and the distribution so that it 's as little corruption-prone as possible . 
  so there 's some progress being made , but the damage was already done . 
  i do n't mean the financial damage , that 's something we can get over quickly , the main problem is that it erodes the trust of people in politicis and democracy in general . 
   `` we should refuse the money '' i 'm not saying that we should refuse the money , but the eu funds we get are not just positive as they might seem at the first sight . 
  first of all , in the eastern europe , there 's a massive problem with corruption . 
  and the funds work basically as an incentive for more corruption . 
  obviously , the is n't eu 's fault , but it 's also not something that citizens in the ee can do much about . 
  it 's very difficult to get out of the circle of corruption . 
  the eu realized this when they were accepting romania and bulgaria , so they placed them under special supervision , which has worked quite well in romania , not so much in bulgaria . 
  but the first bunch of post-communist countries that joined in 2004 were left on their own with this , because the eu optimistically assumed that we would just eventually work it out on our own . 
  and so we 're dealing with it . 
  my country has corruption investigations opened so often that it does n't even surprise anyone anymore . 
  the court cases are dragging for years , often with inconclusive decisions , because in reality , it 's pretty hard to prove corruption . 
  and even if there is some evidence , we live in a country with the rule of law , so if the lawyers of the accused people ( and they can afford pretty damn good lawyers ) find any procedual errors , the entire case can be lost . 
  this is demoralizing to the public and it 's how we end up with aphathetic thinking that all politicians are equally shit and that 's how we eventually vote in some dangerous populist that will promise to deal with the traditional , mainstream corrupt parties . 
  and this is all the better case , when the corruption at least gets investigated . 
  then you have countries like hungary where orb\u00e1n friends steal billions and no one does anything anymore . 
  even ignoring the corruption , the funds often get spent not very efficiently and in the long term , they can to some extent be even harmful to the economy , because the boost companies that would otherwise not be able to survive , so they artifically keep alive uncompetitive companies while companies that might be competitive but do n't get the funds die . 
  southern europe has been getting the subsidies for decades before we joined and it did n't really help them to reach we standards . 
  eastern germany has been getting subsidies of a scale much larger than the eu funds , yet they 're nowhere close to the western germany . 
  that 's because subsidies can be a double-edged sword .
