  [ see ? 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a0/litomysl_loucna.jpg/1200px-litomysl_loucna.jpg ), 
   at the end of the day what region people think a country belongs to does n't matter at all , so it 's not worth caring about . 
  you 'd be wise to stop caring about where people say your country is . 
  you 're right that there is no point in getting angry over this , but i do n't completely agree that it does n't matter at all . 
  in this particular case , ee carries lots of negative connotations . 
  it influences how people perceive the country . 
  and as i said in another post , perceptions do matter . 
  it has effect on how the country is attractive for tourists , foreign investments or highly-skilled immigrants . 
  reputation simply is important and that 's why it 's not really good to be considered ee . 
  oh no , please do n't start with this pan-slavic bullshit . 
  what connects slavs is the language proximity and that 's it . 
  i do n't attribute this to malice at all , i realize that most people mean no harm in calling us eastern europe . 
  uhm , okay ? 
  do i somehow have a duty to mention that ee is n't that bad or what ? 
  what i wanted to say is that i consider the west/east division obsolete , so that 's what i said . 
  i explained why i think that this division is longer accurate . 
  and i added that people do n't like being associated with ee because it carries negative connotations . 
  none of this means that i think all countries which are considered ee under the west/east division are shitty . 
  no , i said it carries negative connotations . 
  these connotations do n't necessarily have to be true in the real-life , but many people believe so . 
  oh , that 's all the way in the west of the country , right ? 
  i 've never been to that part of austria . 
  and i visit austria very often , usually at least twice a year , but we naturelly tend to go to places a bit more closer to the czech borders . 
  yeah , prague is actually full of everyone nowadays . 
  there 's jut way too many tourists from all over the world there all year long . 
  but i guess i do n't have to tell you about that , you must very well know this from vienna . 
  it 's not just that it 's simplistic , it also carries negative connotations . 
  that 's why people do n't like being associated with it . 
  i realize that it sounds petty and in a way it is . 
  i get that it even may be obnoxious when you have a czech person constantly reminding you ` we 're not eastern europe ' , but the thing is that perceptions unfortunately matter . 
  they can affect how a country is attractive for tourism , foreign investments or highly-skilled immigrants . 
  it can affect what a general standing a country has in the international scene . 
  well i 'm sorry to put it this way , but screw that . 
  i 'm not going to determine the position of my country in europe based on whether some people in a few northern or western european countries think that our economy is or is n't good enough . 
  nor am i going to do that in case of other countries . 
  obviously i can not tell other people how they should call us , but i 'm just going to keep identifying my country as central europe , not as eastern or western europe , no matter what the perception from abroad is . 
  i know you 're joking , but you guys and slovaks are the only countries that i could accept merging with . 
  i mean , it 's not something i would particularely want , but hypothetically if it had to happen , i could live with that . 
  not being called eastern european anymore would be just a nice bonus , 
  nobody is seriously calling you nazis . 
  when someone does that , it 's either a slur or a joke . 
  in our case , we 're being called eastern europe basically by default . 
  this term is meant seriously . 
  well how long is this cw division going to be used ? 
  until we catch up with the western europe economically ? 
  guess what , we already have caught up with the poorest ` western ' european countries - greece and portugal . 
  greece is now poorer than us and located more eastward , so what sense does it make to call greece western and us eastern ? 
  the cw division simply is n't working anymore . 
  it does n't work from the economic point of view , or the social point of view or the political point of view . 
  ` eastern ' european countries differ in everything - in their religion ( or lack of religion ) , in their social liberalism or conservatism , in their economic development , political attitudes towards eu/nato/russia ... there is n't anything which would bound all ee countries together so what sense does it make to throw them into one group ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not telling you that you ca n't use the term , by all means use it if you want . 
  in some circumstances , i get that it 's a convenient short-cut , for example when you want to talk about the newer eu member states . 
  at the same time , other people are perfectly entitled to point out that we do n't like this division , because we feel like it 's not accurately describing the reality . 
  yay , my home town . 
  it 's absolutely gorgeous , but do n't tell anyone , it 's perfect the way it is now with just a few tourists . 
  i would n't want it to turn into the next cesky krumlov . 
  that 's because we think that from the sociopolitical and cultural point of view we belong to the central europe . 
  most czechs simply do n't accept that 40 years of communism are more relevant than centuries of our previous development . 
  that 's a weird over-reaction . 
  it 's not like anyone is forcing us to get involved in this initiative . 
  given the numbers stated it the article , it seems that yes , this is what the majority of the relocated refugees prefer . 
  and i 'm honestly not that surprised . 
  welfare in ee is very low , they can make more money in we at the black market . 
  granted , cost of living is also higher in the west , but then they can largely rely on the support of their community , so they can save a lot of money this way . 
  for mena refugees it does n't have to be about where they have the best long term prospects . 
  they mostly need cash now . 
  they often borrowed money to get to europe . 
  they can have family back home which expects them to send money home now when they 're in europe . 
  also , this is of course a massive generalization , but cultural factors likely play a role as well . 
  mena cultures are n't exactly known for their patience . 
  they also tend to be very status-oriented . 
  these people made a large investment to get in europe and they expect the returns of the investment quickly . 
  and it also should be returns that they could present to their friends and relatives as a success . 
  this is why they tend to go after the short-term financial prospects over the long-term overall prospects . 
  sorry , i thought you were talking about deporting them back to their home countries , not back to estonia . 
  of course they can be send back to estonia , that 's true , however since we 're in schengen , they can very easily leave again . 
  and if they stay away from the attention of the authorities and are sheltered by their family/friends circle , they have a very solid chance at avoiding getting caught in the first place . 
   would be good to deport those who shop for benefits though you wo n't be able to do that , since those people come from unsafe countries . 
  thus they can not be deported there , even if you catch them living illegally in germany or other western european country . 
  ah , i see , thanks . 
   that 's not really accurate . 
  how is it not accurate ? 
  genuine question , not trying to start an argument or anything . 
  as far as i know , recognized refugees are allowed to travel within the eu , they just can not legally work and receive benefits in countries other than that which granted them the asylum status . 
  well without knowing anything about what your education and skills are , i can only tell what what the legal options are . 
  basically there are two option for non-eu foreigners to work legally in the czech republic . 
  the first is to get a regular work permit ( but for that you need a company to sponsor your visa ) , the second is to get a trade license and be self-employed - this gives you the possibility to be hired as a freelancer by numerous clients , so it 's quite popular among americans who want to teach english here . 
  you do not need to have a job offer in advance , so it 's easier to get than the regular work permit . 
  it has its cons as well though , for example you have to pay your social and health insurance fully as opposed to regular employees , who have them partly payed by the employer . 
  if you have any more specific questions , you can ask me . 
  or i would also refer you to / u/crimebeck18 , he 's an american living in prague and i have noticed that he does n't seem to mind to answer other people 's questions about how to move to the czech republic . 
  he would probably be able to tell you much more about the procedure than i can , so perhaps try sending him a pm . 
  yeah , well that depends . 
  in certain highly-skilled fields , you can reach a very solid cost-of-living/salary ratio , even as a foreigner with no czech language skills . 
  but in other fields , the lack of czech language skills would seriously limit you . 
  plus obviously non-eu foreigners face troubles when trying to get a work-permit . 
  it 's a combination of factors . 
  relative political and economic stability ( which makes us fairly attractive to foreign investment ) . 
  lower salaries and thus cheaper workforce compared to the western europe .
