  it can be by support for us foreign policy goals in other parts of the world . 
  it 's still the most benevolent empire in the history . 
  there is no such thing as 100 % sovereignity far a small country like mine . 
  we will always have to allign with someone , and out of the possibilities we have today , us is the best option . 
  i respect your opinion , it 's very different from mine , but that 's fine . 
  but did you just completely ignore the part where i was talking about the us being a superpower which ( assuming it wants to keep the status ) ca n't afford to not honor their commitments to their allies ? 
  because if they did not honor those commitments it would seriously harm their other alliences around the world and their position would suffer a lot . 
  uk and france are not in the same position , they 're not superpowers , their position would not suffer as much . 
  i 'm not saying it would not suffer at all , but for the us the consequences would be worse , since they would suddenly have to deal with iran , china or north korea eager to find out how far they can go without the americans stopping them . 
  you know , since , russians got away with it . 
  so this is why i think the us would more likely act . 
  i 'm not calling it a fact . 
  no one can give you 100 % proof . 
  i 'm just saying it 's more likely in my opinion . 
  you 're free to think otherwise . 
  and since you mentioned georgie and ukraine - that 's not the same situation . 
  those countries are not in nato , so the us do n't have the same obligations to defend them as they do with other nato countries . 
  it 's funny that you see nato as a provocation , since if the situation in georgia and ukraine proves something , than it 's the fact that nato keeps eastern european countries safe . 
  nato is the reason why russian soldiers are in ukraine and not in estonia or latvia . 
  the relations with russia were maybe steadily improving with the western europe , but certainly not with the eastern europe . 
  most of russians never stopped seeing us as their sphere of influence . 
  there was a brief episode in the 90s when it looked like the relations with the west might get better , but that was because russia needed western economic help . 
  they never accepted that they lost the power over eastern europe , they were forced to accept it because they basically collapsed economically . 
  if that did n't happen , all the peaceful revolutions in the eastern europe in the late 1980s and early 1990s would have been crushed , just like the resistence of hungary in 1956 and prague spring in 1968 were crushed . 
  the nato enlargement did not happen because the us wanted to provoke russia . 
  actually having the former communist countries join nato was not at all what the us planned in the beginning . 
  the first plan was to keep warsaw pact and just reform it . 
  which was absolutely unacceptable for my country to stay in an organization whose tanks rolled over us in 1968 , so we refused that and so did other eastern european countries . 
  the next plan was to create a new european-based security organization . 
  the soviets ruined these plans by trying to forcefully keep the baltic countries in the soviet union and also by trying to get gorbatchev out of power . 
  after this , the goal number one for almost all eastern european countries was to join nato , since it was seen as the only reliable security guarantee . 
  and even at this point , it took a lot of convincing from our side , the us originally did not want to anger russia and only when they started to see that reforming russia will probably not happen , they became more willing to let us join . 
  this was not some evil secret plan of the us on how to provoke russia . 
  if you want to blame nato enlargement on someone , then you might as well blame it on the eastern europe , since it was us who actively pushed for nato membership . 
  i do n't hold anything against you . 
  i have nothing against western europe . 
  look , we could debate for hours about what happened before and after ww2 and who was more responsible for what . 
  but it would still not change the fact that the us is nowadays more likely to defend eastern europe . 
  the us has global interests . 
  they benefit from keeping their superpower status and for that , they do n't want to look weak . 
  so if russia attacked the baltics and the us did not respond ( assuming that they did not leave nato before that ) , all their other alliances would lose their credibility . 
  that would be very harmful for them , specially china would suddenly get way more assertive . 
  western europeans do n't have global interests , they are regional powers . 
  they primarely care about keeping their immediate surroundings stable . 
  baltics are quite far away from them , it is simply not worth it for france or the uk to start a war with russia over the baltics without the support of the us . 
  this is why the us leaving is so dangerous for eastern europe . 
  with them , france and the uk and other european countries would probably join the coalition againt russia , since they would be more confident in the result with the us taking the lead . 
  without the us , we could be left with nothing . 
  i 'm not worshipping the us . 
  i specifically said it 's pragmatism from our side . 
  we need the us to deter russia . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  and i know ww1 was bad . 
  i understand why france and the uk did what they did . 
  they wanted to avoid war . 
  that did n't really work out , did it ? 
  they let hitler take czechoslovakia and he used our then-advanced industry against them . 
  so not a very good choice by the uk and france . 
  and do i blame them for it ? 
  no , not particularely . 
  but with this experience you ca n't blame us that we look to the us for support . 
  we are aware that western europeans might decide they want to avoid a war once again . 
  i think the bitter feeling some eastern europeans have towards western europeans has more to do with how western europe , specially france and the uk acted before the ww2 not after it . 
  for example for my country , france and the uk were role models in the 1920s and 1930s , our elites looked up to them , until we got sold out to hitler by these two countries that we liked so much . 
  what happened after the war was unfortunate for us , but i do n't blame anyone for that , you 're right that the west and the western europe specially did not have the capabilities to start another world war . 
  and i obviously do n't blame today 's uk or today 's france or today 's germany for what happened decades ago . 
  no need to play the blame game . 
  our tendencies to stick with the us more than with the western europe is not motivated by some old grievances , it 's motivated by the fact that us is more credible in deterring russia than western europe . 
  it 's really just pragmatism from our side . 
  it does n't mean we do n't like western europeans or anything , it 's just that we do n't believe they would support us if the situation got serious . 
  i see . 
  it is happening to some extent at the moment and not only in the czech republic . 
  firstly you have the propaganda . 
  ever since the ukrainian crisis there have been attempts to sway to the public opinion . 
  in some cases it does n't work ( it actually backfired hilariously last year when pro-russian trolls tried to convince people to protest again american soldiers going through our territory on their way from the baltics to germany , it got a huge media coverage because of these planned protests and in the end it only made thousands of people coming and greeting the soldiers and the protesters were basically not there at all ) . 
  but in other cases the propaganda works . 
  the tactics are simple , they are not trying to convince people that russia is the good guy , they know it would not play well here , so they are instead convincing people that there is no good guy at all , everyone 's equaly bad , you ca n't trust anything and anyone , we as czechs must oppose any outside power and so on . 
  many people buy this . 
  then you have the spy activities . 
  the czech secret services warn about increasing russian activities every year . 
  we are basically the center for russian spy activities for the whole central europe , this dates all the way back to prague spring . 
  obviously i ca n't elaborate on how much damage this causes since it 's all classified material i do n't have access to . 
  but just to give you some picture - russian embassy has more than twice as many emloyees in prague than the us . 
  they have less emloyees in the uk which is like 6x bigger in terms of the size of population . 
  it is estimated that a third of the personel in prague are spies and those are only the ones we know about . 
  they also try to buy our politicians and they have succedeed in at least one case - our president 's campaing was paid by lukoil and he has been shamelessly pro-russian since he got into his office . 
  he is a figure head president , so luckily does n't have any power , but the precedent is very dangerous . 
  there are also speculations that russia tries to undermine those politicians who are pro-us and pro-eu . 
  for example our pro-us and pro-eu pm got his personal mail hacked and there were efforts by the `` alternative '' media to discredit him because of that , fortunately there was nothing scandalous in the leaked mails . 
  also most of our normal media already know with what kind of bullshit we 're dealing here , so they played the whole story down a little bit . 
  similar thing happened in poland . 
  private conversations between pro-eu politicians got taped and leaked into media , this caused a big scandal and it probably played some role in the next election , where anti-eu party won . 
  no one really knows who was behind it . 
  it is speculated that russian spies might be behind it since it serves russian interests but it is not confirmed . 
  so overall , there are these indirect efforts to destabilize european countries , but not any open aggression for now . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're asking . 
  do you want to know whether russian government attempts to pressure czech government or are you asking how they ordinary czechs feel about the potentional threat from russia ? 
  i 'm from the czech republic , so from a country which is geographically most western from the eastern european countries . 
  we do n't share a border with russia or ukraine and we do n't have a large russian minority like the baltic countries which means we probably would not be the very first target of russian agression . 
  but the idea of the us completely leaving nato ( which is what trump is suggesting if i understand it correctly ) still scares me .
