  i 'm not saying that they do n't have a mandate for it . 
  at the same , the eu ca n't be surprised when their actions create a backlash . 
  i can hear the eu blaming national politicians a lot for not giving the eu credit and for blaming it for all failures , using it as a scapegoat . 
  i 'm not claiming that this never happens , however the eu is itself responsible for many of the anti-eu sentiments . 
  when they act like this , they ca n't be surprised that our people will refuse any further integration , when they already disregard their wishes with the current power that they have . 
  we 're suing at the court of justice though , so we 'll see how it goes from there . 
  but this is exactly the problem i have with the eu . 
  `` we know the best , we have the power , so fuck you '' . 
  with this kind of approach , there will never be a functioning federation . 
  well i meant `` here '' as in the czech republic , but it works for the whole eu as well . 
  you 're always gon na get isolated incidents . 
  i do n't know the details of this specific case , so i do n't know whether it was done with legally or illegally owned gun , but in general , terrorists do n't have legally-owned weapons . 
  no , i do n't appreciate that , i 'm fine with the current legislation that we have . 
  it works just ok . no gun violence problem here . 
  well , yeah , that occasionally happens , but it 's not like those are some mass-events . 
  but do n't get me wrong , israel is great and i 'm glad that we 're supporting it , it 's just that it 's not something that would be topping the priority list of ordinary czechs . 
  i 'm sure that it goes both ways and that the majority of israelis are also pretty much unconcerned about the czech republic . 
   are you sure that you are not going overboard because `` muh boys toys '' ? 
  yeah , i 'm pretty sure , since i do n't actually care about guns at all . 
  what i do n't like is the principle . 
  i do n't like that the eu is centrally regulating something , that in my opinion could be regulated at the national level , and at the same time it 's doing it with a complete disregard for the specific conditions in each country . 
  nowadays it 's the guns and the next time , it can be something that affects me personally . 
   unregulated gun laws i said that we have fairly liberal gun laws , not that we have no regulations whatsoever . 
  people who know really zero wo n't even know that palestinians are arabs and muslims . 
  i think you underestimate how incredibly ignorant some people are about the world , specially if it 's out of europe . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i think a significant part would have no preference or would just say that they do n't know what to answer . 
  only out of those who have a specific opinion , the vast majority would prefer israel . 
  the czech political elites very much are . 
  basically the pro-israeli sentiment is present among all major parties . 
  however the average , ordinary czech person does n't know much and frankly does n't care much about israel . 
  there is no strong pro or anti-israel sentiment among the czech public . 
   what guns became forbidden ? 
  ( honest question ) . 
  semi-automatic firearms with a fixed loading device allowing a high number of rounds to be fired as well as semi-automatic firearms in combination with a detachable loading device having a high capacity . 
  also any semi-automatic weapons that were converted from automatic weapons . 
   i am not inclined to discuss gun laws using us as a model . 
  they die of gun related violence several times more than us here , so they are not a model to look at . 
  and you know who does n't suffer from gun violence ? 
  eu countries . 
  including the czech republic . 
  and switzerland . 
  that 's why i do n't understand why we need any new directive in the first place . 
  just to look like we 're doing something after terror attacks ? 
  even though it will actually do nothing significant to help prevent other attacks ? 
  fine , but then do n't force it on all countries . 
  we 're fine here with our gun laws , it 's absolutely unnecessary to flame more anti-eu sentiments in the czech republic because of this . 
  and also - i was not bringing up the us as en example of the best gun legislation . 
  i 'm not saying any eu country should be forced to follow us legislation . 
  i was bringing it up as an example that you can function as a federation without having centralized regulations for every possible thing . 
   the reason eu tries to regulate are in the article , e.g. 
  charlie hebdo attacks were perpetrated with arms they now try to control tighter . 
  but it will not help against terrorism , what kind of islamic terrorist do you think will go and buy a gun legally ? 
   eu can only be about losing a part of national sovereignty in exchange for the huge market etc. 
  losing a part of sovereignity in certain things - yes . 
  for example , eu members ca n't make separate trade deal with third-party countries . 
  but a unified gun legislation ? 
  no , that 's not necessary . 
  the us does n't have it and they are a full federation . 
   but honestly , it 's not as if eu forbade the use of those guns , is it ? 
  it 's just stricter control . 
  no , they 're literaly moving some of the semi-automatic guns from the `` restricted '' category to the `` probibited '' category for civilian use . 
   what 's czech problem with it ? 
  there have already been comprehensive discussions about this in this subreddit , so you can search for it if you want to read all the argumentation from both sides . 
  basically the directive heavily restricts semi-automatic weapons , which are fairly popular here among hunters and sport shooters . 
  the thing is that it targets legally-owned weapons , so it will affect law-abiding citizens . 
  terrorists and criminals can just continue getting their guns on the black market like they did before . 
   it rather looks like the czech think they are a special snowflake over this . 
  yeah , more or less . 
  the swiss are also heavily against it , but those obviously do n't even get to vote on it , since they 're not members . 
  however , that 's exactly the kind of approach i 'm talking about it here - what 's wrong with being a special snowflake in some specific issue ? 
  why does the fact that we 're in the minority means that the rest of the eu can impose their will on us ? 
  when in the us , which is a fully federated country ( and the eu is n't ) different states can have different guns legislation and the central government does n't try to regulate it . 
  why does the eu have to regulate such thing ? 
  the czech republic has always had fairly liberal gun laws . 
  yet we do n't have a problem with gun violence . 
  so from our point of view , the eu is trying to fix a problem that does n't exist here . 
  we 're fine with our current legislations . 
  it works well . 
  yet we 're not allowed to keep it , because the eu says so . 
   the eu simply doesnt acknowledge our culture and interests regarding this honestly this is one the things that dissappoints me the most about the eu . 
  the inability to acknowledge , let alone understand other perspectives . 
  and to realize when it 's stepping over the line . 
  this goes for the handling of the migrant crisis as well . 
  for someone who was growing up with the impression that eu officials are reasonable and always make fair and logical decisions , this realization that it 's not really like this was a huge let down for me . 
  and it 's killing my trust in the eu as well . 
   this authoritarian attitude to individual member states sits very badly with me . 
  yeah , i agree . 
  and it 's kind of hard for me to admit this to myself , since i always considered myself pro-eu . 
  and in a way i still do , because the eu is useful in so many ways and it helped to create an atmosphere of basic mutual trust on the continent where wars and unstable fragile alliences were the norm . 
  but at the same time in the past two years , i found myself understanding more and more of the points of eurosceptics . 
  and just as you , i am utterly unconvinced that more cooperation and more integration will get us out of this mess . 
  more integration will simply not make some of the basic disagreements that we currently have disappear . 
  it will just make it easier for those who hold the dominant views to ignore the minority views . 
   the eu has a problem with it not taking into account the wishes of local populations , instead focusing on the `` great picture '' , which is fine and dandy is some cases , but you ca n't force , eg , poles to take in syrians without extreme backlash which did , of course , happen . 
  ever close union will certainly magnify this problem . 
  this is very true . 
  i think many eu federalists when they say that the eu should have more authorities so that it is more able to deal with our common problems , what they actually have in mind is that the eu should have more authorities to deal with problems in a way that they approve of . 
  they have this vision that the member states will sit with each other and talk every problem through and find a reasonable compromise that is acceptable for everyone . 
  when in reality what 's actually gon na happen is that there will be dominant views within the eu and those views will be implemented and then there will be minority views that will be ignored .
