  the funds were not supposed to be some form of investment that we uses to buy influence in cee and pressure cee into compliance . 
   is it for a compension there ? 
  yes . 
  the eu funds are a tool of the cohesion policy . 
  the cohesion policy is supposed to help poorer regions to catch up with richer regions . 
  that of course includes southern and some western european regions , not just cee regions . 
  the reason for that is that when you have free trade between areas with different economic development , the economically less developed regions can not compete with the economically more developed regions in the crucial high-added value sectors of economy . 
  that obviously does n't mean that free trade can not be beneficial for everyone . 
  it can and often is a mutually beneficial agreement . 
  the only problem is that it benefits someone more than someone else . 
  when you have a comparative advantage in producing luxury brand of cars , then you 're gon na profit more than if your advantage is in cheap labour that produces components for that luxury cars . 
  the eu funds are supposed to help poorer regions to close this gap and yes , they do compensate for them fact that poorer regions allow the richer regions unrestricted access to their markets even when they know they can not compete with these richer regions . 
  in other words , the eu funds are not some charity donations . 
  they 're not something to be grateful about . 
  they 're simply a tool , that was created way before cee even joined the eu and it was created because the eu cohesion policy was something everyone agreed about . 
  convergence was something that everyone agreed was a common goal . 
  it was n't supposed to be a conditioned goal , i.e. 
  `` yes , we agree that convergence should be happening , but only as long as you do as we say in the refugee crisis/whatever else we currently argue about '' . 
  because if the convergence truly was a common goal , then western european politicians would n't be using the threat of cutting the funds in a policy that is unrelated to the funds . 
  this simply shows what kind of relationship we wants to have with cee . 
  not equal partnership . 
  but rather buying influence and then expecting to pick up the return on their investment and get upset when that does n't always happen . 
   he should know the type of talk might not be seen favorable by any of the cee countries where the markets are flooded with western companies sending their profits back home . 
  he does n't care . 
  he 's just using rhetorics that will get him popularity at home . 
  and also , people in cee countries should really get their heads of out of their asses and realize that western european politicians do n't actually care about cohesion/convergence policies that much and that they do n't accept what we were thinking when accepting the eu funds - that these funds are the compensation for us allowing them a dominate position on our markets . 
  if the refugee crisis showed something , then it 's the fact that the western europe is ready to threaten to cut funds over a policy that is n't in any way connected to the cohesion policy , so it is willing to use the funds as a political tool . 
  remember that there are tons of other infringement procedures going on and you do n't see western european politicians talking about betrayals and cutting funds . 
  but suddenly when it 's some cee countries in a high-profile matter , it 's okay to connect it with the eu funds . 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't approave the actions of polish and hungarian governments when it comes to how they maintain the democratic standards in their countries . 
  at the same time , i think it 's silly to assume that macron just did n't know any better when he chose the words the way he chose . 
  he knew perfectly well what he was saying . 
  this point of view ( we give money , you should be grateful and accept our lead ) is n't some obsure view in the west . 
  it 's literaly how it worked the entire 90s and most of 00s . 
  it just was n't said that openly very often , because it was n't necessary . 
  but it was always there . 
  for example look at how french politicians reacted when cee sided with the us on the iraq war , instead of with germany and france . 
  and nowadays there is more and more opposition to this kind of relationship , coming particularely from v4 , that 's why we see these kind of statements . 
  western europe simply is n't used to cee trying to do their own thing ( regardless of whether that thing is good or bad ) . 
  we do . 
  eastern partnership , energy infrastructure cooperation , defense cooperation , nowadays the food double standards and also the attempts of france and germany to push out our truck companies out of the western markets ... all of these are topics that we have a common position on . 
  however when it comes to some broader agreement on geopolitics ( i.e. 
  our relations with the eu , the us , china , russia ) there really is n't one . 
  not even between poland and hungary . 
  then i agree . 
  my uni has these subjects as well , they 're called ' c subjects ' ( as opposed to a subjects which are mandatory and b subjects which are mandatory-elective ) , but as you said , only an absolutely bare minimum of the credits received for c subjects count under our minimum level of credits that we have to obtain during our studies . 
  basically the c subjects are seen as something that you can do in your free time to broaden your perspective or pursue a hobby . 
  for example you might study medicine , but at the same time you like french literature , so you can sign up for a course on french literature . 
  or you study mathematics but you also want to be politically informed , so you sign up for some ` eu 101 ' course at the departmet of european studies . 
  to be honest , i do n't know about any field that would allow having 40 % of your credits filled with c subjects . 
  immigration is of course a factor , but you should primarely blame our political representation both on the national and local level for creating conditions that make building more apartments quickly basically impossible . 
  we have pre-election period and i bet politicians will spend the majority of their time talking about refugees and how our fish fingers have less meat than german fish fingers , but the fact that housing in big cities is becoming basically unaffordable for young people completely escapes their attention . 
  i guess you can say that for that specific step of applying the penalty , they do n't need it , but practically speaking , they do need it , since without unanimity , they wo n't even get to the penalties in the first place . 
  yeah , and the first part of that sentence  where a determination under paragraph 2 has been made is also important , since for that determination to happen , you need unanimity . 
   the european council , acting by unanimity on a proposal by one third of the member states or by the commission and after obtaining the consent of the european parliament , may determine the existence of a serious and persistent breach by a member state of the values referred to in article 2 , after inviting the member state in question to submit its observations . 
  it 's literaly the paragraph above the one you were quoting . 
  i agree that the subjects you mentioned sound weird , but i do n't agree that having the vast majority of your subjects mandatory as opposed to having them mandatory-elective ( meaning you must choose some of them , but it 's up to you to chooose which ) somehow automatically means that your field is more useful , or just better than other fields . 
  some fields simly are quite wide-defined and so it makes sense to give the student the mandatory basics and then allow him/her to choose a specialization . 
  for example if someone studies , say , psychology , what 's the problem with letting him/her to choose an area of focus during his/her studies and focus on , say , child/teenage psychology or sports psychology or whatever else . 
  well , technically speaking that 's still true . 
  the eu can issue a warning through qmv , but not the actual sanctions of stripping the voting rights . 
  for that they need unanimity . 
  it does n't say that it covers the entire university system . 
  it just lists two fields where females dominate and two fields where males dominate . 
  the other fields such as social sciences , languages , law , history , economics and others are simply not listed . 
  first of all , who are you that you feel so qualified to say which fields are useless or not ? 
  and second of all , why would any of the fields you listed be under education and healthcare ? 
  hmm , what could possibly be hiding under ` education ' and ` healtcare ' - perhaps teachers and doctors , dentists other healthcare specialists ? 
  yeah , education and healthcare are such bullshit fields . 
  who needs those , right ? 
   every eu country besides greece huh ? 
  clearly the survey you posted did n't make the poll in all eu countries , there are only several selected countries there . 
   but we ca n't hold all of them either . 
  there 's too many and we 're already wayyyy above capacity . 
  we have to pay for hotels to host them and use old unused military barracks / police stations . 
  yeah , i know and i 'm sorry that it got to this point . 
  i 'm sure the eu will transfer money to you to help you out financially , but i realize that throwing more money at the problem is not gon na solve this . 
  i 'm sorry you are stuck with the migrants , but germany , austria , uk , or the nordic countries ( which is where they want to go ) will not take them from you . 
  they will talk a lot about solidarity , but in the end , nobody wants the african economic migrants . 
   how , we just pull from operation triton ? 
  who 's gon na pay the repercussions from the eu then ? 
  we should just ignore the sentence of the echr ? 
  that 's gon na destroy italy 's treaty integrity and credibility . 
  the only solution is to prevent them from ever reaching the italian waters . 
  if they do n't get to you in the first place , you wo n't have to deport them and the echr wo n't be able to say shit . 
  or perhaps they 'll talk shit about you , but wo n't be able to fine you . 
  you 're right that i did n't express myself very well , it 's not that much the legislation , but more so all the surrounding circumstances that make the deportations difficult . 
  i mean , the legislation gives asylum seekers the chance to appeal a negative decision , which under normal circumstanced would be ok , but when there 's too many people coming ( like right now in italy ) and all of them ask for appeals , then the system obviously gets over-burderned . 
  and even when a decision is finally made , the rejected asylum seekers can stall it - they can fake illness , or they can injure themselves for real , they can destroy their papers , so that the airlines wo n't accept them , most of them also are n't kept in closed facilities , so they can simply hide somewhere to avoid the deportation . 
  and then there is obviously this huge problem with countries not accepting their nationals back . 
  the system simply is build to deal with people who act fairly , it 's not properly prepared for a situation when mass amounts of people are ready to abuse it ( i.e. 
  lie and use every single opportunity to stall the decision ) . 
  there are no credibly penalties for this kind of behaviour in our legislative system . 
   the eu relocation scheme is limited to people who have actually received refugee status . 
  that 's true , but the vast majority of people coming to italy are not genuine refugees . 
  my point was that it 's not a solution to include these people into the existing scheme . 
  well i actually think the entire scheme is totally stupid , but that 's not relevant to this discussion . 
  there is no easy solution for quicker deportation at the eu level . 
  the current asylum legislation is simply not build for quick deportations . 
  the problems italy is having with deporting them would be exactly the same if any other country had to deal with this .
