  that might be a bit of a nasty surprise for them when they have to deal with babi\u0161 on the european level . 
  it would n't and that 's part of the joke . 
  it jokingly draws a parallel with the situation in 1938 when france , uk , italy agreed with nazi germany that czechoslovakia must hand over sudetenland ( which at that point had an ethnic german majority ) in order to `` keep peace for our time '' , as chamberlain put it back then . 
  oh yeah , that 's true , this guy is a top class badass . 
  they should make this into an olympic sport . 
  i was in the alps this winter . 
  for some reason this song was played really often in all the pubs along the slope . 
  everytime i heard it , i just wanted an avalanche to come and bury us all under the snow , so that i would not have to listen to it anymore . 
  can be . 
  but mostly it entails a few day trip with couple of friends during which you raft on our beginner-friendly rivers , you always have a big box of cans of beer with you so you drink the whole time while you 're rafting . 
  each evening you hit a different camp where you set up your tent and continue drinking . 
  so basically you 're drunk all the time . 
  next day you wake up and repeat it until the trip is over . 
  how we think we 're experts in mountain climbing , rafting or scuba diving , but in reality we 're not , because we 're a landlocked country with totally soft core mountains and rivers , so then when we try to apply our skills abroad , we often fail miserably . 
   millennials , what do you think of the older generations in your country ? 
  i think there definitely are differences between my generation and the older generations , which is caused by two factors , the first is that they grew up under a different regime with very restricted options to travel abroad , and the second is the rapid development of the new technologies , which hit them when they were already in their adulthood , whereas for my generation it was either in our childhood or teenage years . 
  i would n't say there are any strong tensions , the gap definitely is there though . 
  recently there has been a survey about people 's satisfaction with their lifes and the dividing age was cca 35 - meaning that those under 35 were more likely to be satisfied and optimistic than those over 35 . 
  it is also no coincidence that in most surveys , generally the older the respondents are , the more likely they express their distrust/dissatisfaction with how the democratic system works in our country , or their indifference towards it . 
  other than that , there are of course other differences , mostly that young people tend to hold more liberal values than older people , but that 's hardly unique to us . 
  get under someone 's skin . 
  apparently in english it means to irritate or to bother someone . 
  in czech it means to really intrigue someone . 
  as if you went on a date with someone and you were completely charmed by that someone so that you could n't stop thinking about him/her . 
  it does n't always have to have a romantic context though , it can be said about anyone who you for some reason ca n't get out of your head . 
   there was a phrase i used incorrectly in spanish for years and nobody told me i was wrong . 
  this happened to me as well !, 
  i was using one english idiom incorrectly for years , because we have exactly the same idiom in my language only they have different meanings , but i did n't know that . 
  i always just automatically assumed that it means the same thing . 
  and for so long no one ever corrected me . 
  i really wish someone told me sooner . 
  the biological part was logically covered in biology classes . 
  this included a video of a woman giving birth ( nope , not just the hollywood style birthgiving with the camera only focused on the woman 's face , we had full frontal coverage of the baby getting out of the vagina ) . 
  then we had one-time girls-only lessons , first at the age of 10-11 and that was about menstruation and how to deal with it . 
  and then again at the age of 15-16 - this time about sex , protection against unwanted pregnancies , sexual diseases and how not to get pressured into having sex by boys/peer pressure and how it 's important to wait with the first sex till we 're ready for it . 
  boys were shit out of luck , they did n't get any special lessons and there also were n't any girls-boys discussions . 
  it is definitely not extreme left , but certain views do get downvoted here a lot . 
  for example eurosceptic opinions . 
  comments expressing scepticism of immigration also do get downvoted quite often even when they are not expressing any openly racist/xenophobic views . 
  i agree that some people complaining about anti-right bias indeed are extremists themselves , but plenty of other moderate eurosceptics/right wingers/conservatives might be discouraged from commenting here , because they do n't want to get downvoted just because the majority of this sub does n't agree with them . 
  personally i find r/europe much more balanced in this regard , even when it 's a default sub . 
  you actually do have people with very different views leading discussions there , whereas here it 's mostly an echo-chamber . 
  that does n't mean that r/europe does n't have biases , for example the pro-eu bias is very prevalent there as well , at the same time , you can still find there a decent amount of eurosceptics , including brexiters and i do n't mean those who scream `` omg , eu is the source of all evil on earth '' , but people who actually are using coherent , elaborate arguments . 
  and the pro-eu people also tend to have a more open mind and are willing to engage with them in a frank discussion than what would be the case here . 
  that being sad , this is primarely not a sub for political discussions , so i do n't really see it as such a big issue . 
  in czechia , biathlon used to be a niche sport that had its fanbase , but it was never a mainstream sport , until several years ago , when our biathlon athletes started having good results . 
  suddenly in a year we experienced a biathlon boom that still has n't ended till now . 
  the last racing event in our stadium in nov\u00e9 m\u011bsto was attented by a huge crowd , the atmosphere was apparently very intense and the ratings in tv were at record levels . 
   is the sport broadcasted live , just highlights or not at all ? 
  free/public channels or pay channels ? 
  it is broadcasted live on a free public channel . 
   are the big names famous for the general population in their countries ? 
  i 've heard gabriela koukalova is a huge star in czechia now gabi indeed is very popular here . 
  it helps that she not only has very good results , but she also simply is a marketable person - she looks good , she in general seems like a very nice down to earth person , so pretty much everyone likes her . 
  her husband is also a former profi sportsman - a badminton player and also a cancer survivor - which also got him a lot of positive attention here , so together , they 're like the most famous sports couple . 
  she is also not only famous among sports fans anymore , she 's in general known among the general czech public . 
  just to give you an example , we have such articles in lifestyle magazines as `` how to keep your make up perfect in winter conditions like gabi koukalova '' and so on . 
   are there significant regional differences in popularity within the country , like northern vs. southern italy ? 
  no , the biathlon boom pretty much hit the entire country equally , expect for people living close to nov\u00e9 m\u011bsto , who are probably hit even more . 
   how would you rate the popularity of biathlon compared to other winter sports ( especially ski sports like alpine skiing , ski jumping/flying and cross country skiing ) ? 
  it 's nowadays bigger than any other skiing/snowboarding sport , but i would not say it 's as big as ice hockey . 
   i hope that someday your country will confess its guilt in this expulsion . 
  well i would not say anyone denies it here . 
  yes , some people say things like `` they had it coming '' , but i literaly have n't heard anyone ever denying that the killings happened during the expulsion . 
  and it was also adressed in the 1997 czech-german declaration , where our government already expressed their regret over these things . 
  when it comes to the public opinion , i think you need to separate the atrocities during the expulsion and the expulsion itself . 
  i would say the vast majority of people do not approve that german civilians were murdered , however you 're right that the attitude towards the decision to deport the germans is more ambiguous . 
  if you 're interested in some data , there actually was a survey done on this quite recently - in november 2016 . 
  the opinions were like this : 37 % of people thought that the expulsion was a just punishment . 
  25 % of people thought it was unjust , but it is a thing of the past and we should leave it like that . 
  9 % thought it was unjust and we should apologize for that . 
  4 % thought it was unjust and we should offer compensations . 
  25 % did n't know/didn ' t care . 
  if these numbers seem bad to you , then bear in mind that it was 64 % who thought that the expulsion was just in 2002 . 
  the percentage of people who consider the expulsion just goes steadily down , but also the percentage of people who do not care about the issue at all goes up . 
  my grandpa was born in 1939 , so basically the earliest memories he has are from the end of the war . 
  he was so unlucky to live in a village located right next to a factory that the germans turned into war machine factory and as such it was a target of allied bombing . 
  thus my grandpa has some pretty traumatazing and fucked up memories from this period . 
  during the bombing , the house where he was staying with his mum was destroyed , so they were for a while surviving in the ruins . 
  he also saw many dead bodies in the streets and in the ruins of other houses of people that he knew personally . 
  in the last few months of the war , he said that they had constant troubles to get enough food and they were basically starving . 
  he said it was especially hard to see his mother starving , since she would give most of her food to him to make sure he was fed . 
  he also witnessed the gestapo getting increasingly frustrated and aggressive as the war was coming to the end , for example they would just brutally beat up some people in the streets just for looking at them in a wrong way . 
  anyway , he does n't really feel any resentment towards today 's germans . 
  it probably helped that he played football semi-professionally when he was a young man , so ocassionaly they were sent to play matches against teams in eastern germany , so he actually interacted with the germans there and made some friends . 
  however i remember that once i was watching the news with him and there was some news story mentioning the sudeten germans issue . 
  in case you do n't know we had a german minority in the czechoslovakia prior to ww2 which in general was supportive of hitler and sort of acted like a fifth column for him , helping him to take over the country . 
  after the ww2 , we basically applied the collective guilt on them and deported all of them to germany . 
  several thousands were killed during the deportations , in some cases women and children too . 
  my grandpa 's reaction to this was something like `` it is horrible , but they can consider themselves lucky that it was just several thousands '' - and i think this can tell you something about the level of hatred that czech civilians felt towards germans at the end of the ww2 . 
  so having that said , i feel like we can safely say that we 've made a huge progress in europe , because nowadays hardly anybody can even imagine that we would ever be at war with germany again . 
  as for what he thinks about the current world politics - he in general does n't follow politics that closely anymore , he just gets angry and upset over news that cover the situation in syria or other war zones in the world . 
  he in general hates violence and would like people to solve their problems peacefully . 
  well i had the current us military in mind . 
  vietnam war was another era . 
  currently the most powerful army in the world , although it 's only seems brutally effective when it 's deployed in the sort of `` get there , get rid of the enemy , get out '' mission . 
  post-conflict peacebuilding does n't seem to be something that the current us military is good at . 
  though i get that it would be stupid to blame only the military for that . 
  on the plus side , i appreciate the us military activities in the eastern european nato countries like the baltics , romania or poland . 
  as for the feelings about the individual troops - i do n't really have any strong feelings , since i have zero personal experience with us soldiers .
