  luckily we realized that was a mistake in time . 
  i 'm sorry guys , but this flag just looks too damn cool that we just could n't let it go . 
  besides that , i think our government was like `` they get tatry , we get the flag '' . 
  that 's just because of the migrant crisis and because people have a feeling that merkel is buldozering her way through . 
  prior to that there has been almost none anti-german sentiment in v4 , except maybe for poland ( because of the history ) , but even there i 'm pretty sure it was only a minority opinion . 
  you 're really making me want to study more about slovenian history . 
  too bad slovenia did n't want to join v4 in the early 90s , we could have been v5 . 
  do n't forget that we also totally stole the flag . 
  but no , seriously , we do tend to just consider everything good that happened during czechoslovakia as our achievement . 
  sorry about that , it 's kind of a crappy attitude . 
  yes , we were trying to introduce reforms , both economical and political , for example the cenzorship of the press was abolished . 
  this specific period time , when we were easing the regime and moving away from ussr was called prague spring . 
  it ended with the soviet invasion in 1968 . 
  what do you mean , he actually specifically said that this is not the equivalent of 1914 or 1939 . 
  there is just not enough public support for full fiscal or political union . 
  on the other hand if you look at eurobarometers most european societies support common eu army and defense policy . 
  then it kinda makes sense to make the first steps in areas where people are most comfortable with further integration . 
  sure , without a full political union , the eu army would never work 100 % , but i can see it working on uncontroversial , purely-defense missions , where there is a high chance for eu-wide consensus . 
  sorry guys , but our little bros ( slovaks ) come first :p and also you have plenty of other former empire countries that could be your closest allies , how about slovenia ? 
  i would say that formal relations are actually pretty good ( well apart from the whole nuclear energy thing ) , but we do n't have as many common interests , so there is really no strong need from either side to push the relations to another level . 
  i mean , we both have other countries which are economicaly much more important to us , and even from a geopolitical point of view , we will always be closer to other v4 countries , since you guys are not even in nato and you with your neutrality policy will probably be much closer to countries like switzerland . 
  on the personal level though , austrians are seen pretty favourably here , in most surveys you 're ranked as our second favourite neighbour . 
  imagine if we did n't split , we would have to call some other country our closest ally , that would suck . 
  5,4 % of our export goes to the uk . 
  that 's not a huge , but also not an irrelevant number . 
  so the first economic hit would not be the biggest for us , but we would quickly take another , indirect one through germany and our other big trading partners , for whom the uk is one of the most important markets . 
  so from the economic perspective , brexit is simply not profitable for us . 
  from the political perspective , losing the uk would mean losing a counter balance power to germany and france . 
  i really do n't know how to feel about germany having even more powerful position in the eu . 
  i would rather have the uk in , so that the power distribution would be more balanced . 
  not everyone in the continental europe is an enthusiastic federalist , who thinks that the right answer to every problem is `` more europe '' . 
  the eu could possibly even fight for survival after brexit . 
  if the eu officials and the pro-eu leaders of the member countries feel like the eu might collapse , you can be pretty sure that they wo n't care whether their actions seem nice or fair or whether the brits feel like that this is not the kind of union they would want to be part of . 
  and i mean , why should they , if you vote to leave , then you 'll be making it clear already that you do n't want to part of the eu . 
  eu is just like any other political entity , it follows its own interests and the first interest is self-preservation . 
  and right now , there is still a general consensus among the leaders of eu member countries that the eu is beneficial to them , so they will want to keep it . 
  there is really nothing personal or spiteful about it , but it is simply not in the interest of the eu to see the uk doing too well after brexit . 
  it is also not in the eu interest to see the uk economically ruined ( not that the eu even had the power to ruin the uk completely ) , so i expect that in the case of brexit , eu will act tough , but definitely not too harsh or even hostile , that would not be good for anybody . 
  not trying to argue or anything , i also think that the whole eu should take the responsibility of guarding the external borders , but did n't greece actually block frontex from getting more authority over the greek borders ? 
  i have a feeling that i read that somewhere in the media last year , that greece was refusing to hand over the authority to frontex and refusing more help from it , because you were afraid that it would lead to having the migrants stay in greece instead of just shipping them away further to europe ( which was kinda the greek strategy before the borders with macedonia closed ) . 
  but i could be totally wrong , i 'm not sure if i remember that correctly or if the sources were reliable . 
   it 's just that a lot of czechs do bash cz unwarrantedly . 
  yep , that 's true and now when i look at my posts it probably must have looked that way . 
  i kinda combined sarcasm and some real complains and the result probably seems like bashing . 
  which is funny , because normally i spend quite a lot of time on this subreddit defending our country 's migration policy , to the extent that i sometimes almost feel too patriotic :d but anyway , regarding poles and slovaks - yes , it 's absolutely true that they were in a worse position in the 90s , so they kinda had more to improve and more potentional to grow and also their growth looked more impressive when expressed in percentage because their starting gdp was lower than ours . 
  but they are also getting closer to us in the absolute terms in gdp per capita , not just in the growth rates . 
  the thing is that both these countries made more ambitious reforms in the 90s and they profited heavily from that . 
  both are much better at absorbing the eu funds than us . 
  the feeling i have is that often czechs do n't really have this drive to improve , they are kinda fine with what they have , whereas slovaks and poles are more ambitious than us ( which has a downside as well , because a lot of them choose to emigrate to the west to fulfill their ambitions ) . 
  it 's not black and white though , slovaks have issues with their high unemployment , education and healthcare system . 
  also there are huge differences between the regions . 
  bratislava is now richer than prague , but from what i know from my slovak friends in brno , they would never want to live there , because it also got very expensive , so they could never afford the same lifestyle there which they now have in brno . 
  overall many economic prognosis are showing that slovaks will actually jump ahead of us in gdp per capita in the next 5 , 10 years , and i do n't necessarily think that it 's set in stone , since economic prognosis often ca n't correctly predict what will happen in a year , let alone 5 or 10 years , but at the same time , if we do n't manage to transform the economy to high-added value model and the slovaks and the poles manage to do that i can totally see that happening . 
  hey , hard working is your stereotype !, 
  that comment was tongue-in-cheek , you know . 
  no need to take it too seriously . 
  i realize that there are other minority religion groups among the current wave of migrants/refugees . 
  yay , everybody come to the czech republic , we have cheap beer !, 
  oh wait , you do n't drink alcohol ... well then nope . 
  nothing to see here , please move on . 
  ok , i see now that i probably sounded too negatively , which was not my intention . 
  sorry about that . 
  i know there are plenty of good things in our country and the overall living conditions are also good compared to the rest of the world . 
  i 'm not disputing that at all . 
  and yes , we had a good growth last year , better than poland or slovakia , but looking at just one year is not exactly a good way to measure the overall trend , which is clear - the poles and slovaks have been growing faster than us and thus catching up with us in the last two decades . 
  you can check the [ gdp growth rates ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.mktp.kd.zg?page=3 ) yourself if you want . 
  just recently oecd realised a [ report ] ( http://www.oecd.org/eco/surveys/czech-republic-2016-overview.pdf ) on cz warning that we have to tackle the issues with labour productivity , innovation and change the economy to high-added value , something estonia has been doing well and we have so far been not very succesful at . 
  slovaks have now higher labour productivity than us . 
  if we fail to do the necessary reforms , we might find ourself overpassed by both our neighbours in the near future . 
  so i 'm just trying to point out the problems that we have , i do n't want to sound too negatively , but it 's not a solution to pretend like these problems are not here . 
  yep , other countries have other problems , some have worse problems than us , but i 'm not living in other countries , i 'm living here , so i will predominantly complain about our problems . 
  i 'm not bashing our country , i 'm just pointing out the fact that ever since the fall of communism other cee countries have been catching up with us . 
  poland and slovakia were both much poorer in the early 90s and now they are getting closer and closer to us . 
  slovenia and estonia are ahead of us in gdp per capita ( granted , we do lead in gdp ppp per capita ) . 
  so this is not some unwarranted bashing , that 's just the reality . 
  time to admit that we 're not performing as well as we could be . 
  but yeah , you 're right that hungary probably is in a worse situation than us . 
  as for the czech republic vs czechia - fine i get it , you do n't like czechia . 
  nobody is forcing you to use it . 
  i personally just do n't care , i 'm fine with both terms and i just do n't see this as an important issue . 
  estonia rocks , no doubt about that . 
  but we 're not really doing that well , it just may look like that , cause you know , no news , good news , right ? 
  and prague is cute and we 're all liberal atheists and our unemployment is the lowest in the eu and all this shit ... when in reality we 're really not catching up with the west , on the contrary other post-communist countries are catching up with us . 
  so yeah , it 's not all rosy here . 
  we should make a competition about which post-communist country sucks the most . 
  we could list all the dysfunctional things in our countries . 
  i mean , 7 reasons ? 
  pff , that 's lame effort , i bet i can come up with more for czechia . 
   there 's a new scandal every couple of months pretty much sumps up the situation here . 
  we 're certainly not doing better . 
  probably a bit worse actually . 
  i 've already commented on the state of corruption in cz in this thread , so i wo n't rant about it again , but it 's definitely not better than what you 're describing . 
  these kind of personal networks work everywhere , even though i can imagine that in a very small country it 's much more prevalent . 
  it 's actually kinda hard to tell , whether this counts as corruption as well , the line is pretty vague here . 
  i mean , we would probably all agree that if one gets a job because he knows someone at the company , even when other candidates are much more qualified then that could be corrupt behaviour . 
  but if you only ask your relative about how to fill out some papers and when to bring them to the office , then it 's hardly corruption . 
  is there high-level corruption in slovenia ? 
  ( meaning in the politics/courts/top level of police and so on ), 
  yes , absolutely . 
  i can totally see juncker and timmermans making these big plans and announcements and then having us immediately saying `` but how is this going to work , and what about this and this ?
