  so yes , potentional for growth is here for sure , and it is also very likely that the region as a whole will continue growing . 
  it 's just way less likely that it will be able to catch up to the we . 
  that 's all i 'm saying . 
  man , nobody wanted into visegrad , rejected by slovenia , rejected by croatia :( well what can you do , it 's just us four then . 
  well thanks for having so much confidence in us , but you being confident that it is possible does not guarantee that it is indeed possible . 
  i was trying to explain you the challenges that are ahead of us ( nope , it 's not only corruption and regulation ) , but i feel like i 'm talking to a wall . 
   that analogy has serious flaws , if the regular guy is competing against other regular guys but we 're not competing agaist other regular guys only . 
  we 're competing against other players who already have an advantage over us before the race even started . 
  the goal is obviously to both improve and to reach the top spots . 
  all the countries are trying to do that . 
  i 'm not arguing to go into isolation or only compete with players which are worse than us . 
  that is not going to help us at all . 
  what i 'm saying is that even if we do improve - we might still never reach the top spots , because in the meantime all the players better than us also improve . 
  and they improve even more than we do . 
  because they have better equipment , better trainers and overall better conditions to do well . 
  alright , enough with the racing analogy :d i agree it 's not perfect , you always have to simplify stuff a bit if you want to use any analogy . 
  of course i 'm not saying foreign-owned companies are not bringing any benefits . 
  they are bringing some benefits . 
  in the 90s , they were actually crucially important to our economic development . 
  all i 'm saying is that if you want to be at the top , you have to produce the final products and those products have to have a high added value . 
  without this , you 'll be always stuck in the middle of the supply chain . 
  being able to sell competitive final products with high added value requires funding . 
  and smart people . 
  and infrastructure . 
  all of which we has more than cee . 
  i do n't really know how to make this any more clear . 
  obviously , corruption and over-regulation is a big issue and that is on us . 
  there is certainly a lot to improve . 
  however even if we do improve it , we will still face the issue i described . 
  that is not going away . 
   but that hand was n't dealt by the eu or any of the ideals behind eu . 
  i did not mean to say so . 
  it is n't eu 's fault . 
  it is not that fault of any of today 's we countries . 
  it just so happened that we ended up at the wrong side of the continent after ww2 . 
  it was unfortunate , but people currently living in the we are not responsible for this . 
  after 1989 , the path to the eu was the only possible , going any other way would be even more harmful . 
  we countries were protecting their interests very hard in the accession talks , but that 's also understandable . 
  anyone would do that . 
  i do n't blame anyone for the current situation , i 'm just saying that it will be tough to try to catch up . 
  if not impossible . 
   is n't that the basic recipe for success ? 
  in general , yeah , however our companies , which are doing this research , are not really ours . 
  well , not every single one of them , we obviously do have companies which are czech-owned as well , but a significant part is foreign-owned . 
  so what happens is that foreign-owned companies in cz are researching how they could reduce their costs . 
  this basically means that they 're working on how to make themselves redundant , because where are you going to reduce your costs at first in today 's world ? 
  you 're going to reduce your costs by automation . 
  and what positions are eliminated by automation ? 
  low-skilled and medium skilled positions in your supply chain . 
  in other words - positions in those very foreign-owned factories that we build here to reduce labor costs . 
  this all worked in asian countries , because unlike us , they owned the entire supply chain . 
  they produced the finale products . 
  those products were not competitive at first , but by careful protectioniost policies and state-supported export , they got to the place where they became competitive . 
  we , on the other hand , mostly do n't own the whole supply chain . 
  we do n't produce the final products . 
  or the ones that we do produce are not the ones with the most added value . 
  then we spend money on research on how to make our costs lower , but the final benefits of this = being able to sell the final high-value product are taken by the mother companies in the we . 
  so no , you can not compare us to the success stories in asia , because the fact that we 're in the eu does not allow us to use the same strategy as they did . 
  which does n't mean that the fact that we joined the eu was a mistake . 
  not joining eu would have other economic and also geopolitical implications that i do n't want to get into right now , but they were surely severe enough that we could simply not afford not joing the eu . 
  it was the only reasonable way . 
  that does n't change the fact that our current economic situation is making it really really difficult for us to catch up with we countries . 
  basically we need to build our own companies with high-value products or at least lure here some of the research centres or some of the factories where those final stage high value products are made . 
  but we 're competing in this not only with all other cee countries , but also with all other western world countries , which have a head start from us in pretty much everything . 
  capital , infrastructure , universities , human resources . 
  that all without being able to protect our own less developed economies in any way . 
  it 's as if you were just a regular guy competing against a trained sprinter . 
  if you 're not given some advantage at the start , you 're going to lag behind , no matter how hard you try . 
  there is a university research facility in my city ( brno ) called [ ceitec nano ] ( http://nano.ceitec.cz/ ) which is doing research in nano technologies and is supposed to be up to the european standards . 
  do n't know whether that it helpful in your specific case , but you just might want to check it out . 
  in theory yes , but in reality , this process is not happening fast enough . 
  we 're hardly at 1/3 of german salaries . 
  the demand for labour itself is not gon na solve this . 
  we basically already have full employment and the labor shortage here is a real problem . 
  we do n't even suffer from emigration that much , we actually have positive net migration . 
  the salaries are still not closer to those in we . 
  we would have to have much higher productivity to have higher salaries . 
  to have higher productivity we would have to produce products with higher value . 
  but to do that , we would have to re-structure our economy and that is a very difficult thing to do . 
  having your economy running on low-paying jobs is not solving anything , in the open market , it only means that you will lose part of your smartest people , because they can earn much more abroad . 
  plus the companies which are attracted by cheap labour are mostly not going to invest in research in your country , they will invest in building up factories which are just a part of the supply chain creating little high-value products . 
  the research centres and the places where the high-value products are made are mostly going to stay in the mother countries , where all the capital is and where most of the smartest people in that field concentrate . 
  having a cheap labour helps in the beginning when you literally have nothing else to compete with and when you are in a really bad situation and have to first get on your feet . 
  once you 're past that stage , cheap labour is not going to help you to get on the top . 
  yep , pretty much . 
  it 's very difficult to escape this economic trap . 
  i always chuckle when i hear western europeans saying that we 're getting subsidies but not giving anything back . 
  on the other hand , this was the only way . 
  the alternative ( not joining the eu ) would be even worse . 
  so there is really not much point in complaining about it . 
  this is how it is , all we can do is to try to work our way up . 
  it 's hard though . 
  and it probably wo n't be better in the future , since the shift towards even more innovation-driven economy is kind of inevitable . 
  if we do n't manage to jump on the automation/industry 4.0 / digitalization train fast enough , we 're screwed . 
  this kind of ilustrates why it 's gon na be so hard for cee to catch up with western/northern europe . 
  it basically goes like this - you have more money , you can invest into innovation more , you make even more money and you can invest even more into innovation and so on . 
  this of course makes you richer and more prosperous , you attract high-skilled people and these people then create even more high-value products . 
  plus the difference in absolute numbers is obviously even higher . 
  for example in our case , 2 % of gdp is not that bad , but in the absolute numbers , it 's nothing compared to germany , the uk or scandinavian countries . 
  and of course , not all kinds of innovation are useful in the same way .
