  it 's still one of the most prosperous country in the world , so surely living there ca n't possibly be that bad . 
  it ca n't really be solved , because as for now all the parties have totally different and contradictory objectives . 
  russia wants to keep ukraine in their sphere of influence and not ever let it join nato or eu . 
  the current ukrainian goverment wants back the control of their entire territorry and possibly to join nato and eu asap . 
  the us wants to have peace in europe and frankly probably would be willing to sacrifice ukraine 's right to choose who they want to allign with , but does n't want to give russia the impression that their tactics work , because that would increase the risk that russia might try to do it again somewhere else . 
  eu does n't even know what it wants . 
  yes , the countries managed to agree on the sanctions , but that is probably as far as it gets . 
  when it comes to russia , member countries have different policies . 
  just look at central europe - former zone of soviet influence - so we should at least have similar policies , right ? 
  well , no . 
  poland wants to push russia as far as possible , hungary is in the process of creating their own putin and the czech goverment would probably prefer to move 500 km to the west so they can pretend that it 's none of their concern . 
  and if we ca n't even find a common solution for what to do with russia in v4 , how could we possibly do that in eu28 ? 
  so yeah , realistically there will be no definite solution in the near future , unless one of the parties changes its objetive dramatically - but that is not gon na happen unless there is a change in who 's in charge - for example if ukranian goverment collapses and is replaced by pro-russian goverment , i can see the situatian getting `` solved '' . 
  but if by `` getting solved '' we mean having a democratic , stable ukraine with control of its entire territory and on its way to nato and eu , then that 's not gon na happen unless there is a regime change in russia . 
  it is simply not possible to have russia , eu , us and ukraine sit at the negoating table and find a compromise , which would satisfy everyone . 
  so all eu and us can do right now is to support the current ukrainian goverment in the reform track . 
  just like the west did with us in the 90s . 
  back then the approach to former communist countries was what some diplomats informally called `` tough love '' - that meant that we had to first show progress on the reforms to even be considered for nato membership . 
  not delivering on reforms meant no chance to get in nato which slovaks had to learn the hard way , when they were unable to join with us , poles and hungarians in the first group and had to wait for the next enlargement . 
  so the nato membership was sort of used as a carrot and stick . 
  obviously ukraine is in a much harder position that we were back then and that has to be considered . 
  but the basic concept - you get support as long as you continue the reforms - should be applied again . 
  as for crimea and the eastern part of ukraine - as i said , that 's unsolvable right now , ukraine will just have to wait for the circumstances to change . 
  yeah it 's exactly what we do . 
  but on a serious note - it is true that people do n't admire the west as much as they did in the past . 
  not for the reason the article says though . 
  once people got the chance to travel , they found out that that western societies have their own problems as well and that it 's not all perfect as they thought . 
  specially the failures of integrating some of your minorities ( which our tabloid media do n't fail to overblow ) are seen as something we really do n't want to repeat . 
  i can assure you that an average czech has never heard of corbyn ... actually most would probably struggle to even remember the name of your pm . 
  oh come on , it 's not like you guys gained nothing when we joined the club . 
  actually before the enlargement , it was the west who benefited more - got access to new markets while keeping protective measures . 
  just look at the top companies in ee - most of them are western-owned . 
  after the enlargement , we started to benefit much more , that 's true , but the alternative - to keep us out of the western structures forever , not letting us join nato or eu would throw the entire region in a security vacuum , which russia would eventually try to fill . 
  and you would have a similar crisis like in ukraine going on much closer to your borders . 
  that would n't be much fun for western europe . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not trying to shit on the west , and i actually appreciate all the goodwill that we got after 89 , but this kind of `` we helped you , so be forever grateful and do what we want '' is frankly a bit patronising and only pisses people from ee off . 
  well that sucks . 
  and is it true that the goverment directly decides who is in charge of the tv ? 
  no , no , no , no , no , havel was awesome and end of story . 
  what is a tvp ? 
  is that the public broadcaster ? 
  and since we 're talking about it , has it changed a lot since pis won the election ? 
  and what was it like before ? 
  i have read that polish public tv was never really good at being balanced and that it was biased in favour of po before pis winning . 
  would you say that 's true ? 
  i do n't think that would be a good idea . 
  it would probably only antagonize polish people and enforce the `` everyone is against us , let 's go back to nationalism '' narrative . 
  that 's just my guess though . 
  but the article does basically say the same thing i wrote - it only has support of minor parties . 
  yep ods could go even more retard and propose czechout too ( much cooler word the czexit ) , but they have at best around 8 % in everyone opinion poll . 
  communist are against both eu and nato the whole time ever since we joined , they have a steady support of 10-15 % , they are in the parliament every single time , but they have very little influence , because no one wants to cooperate with them in any way . 
  two two major parties ( who are now in goverment and also leading every opinion poll ) do n't want to have a referendum on this , neither do other two smaller parties which are now in parliament . 
  i obviously ca n't predict the future , but as long as something does n't drastically change i do n't see a referendum happening . 
  absolutely zero , because it 's legally not possible for czech citizens to demand a referendum on this kind of issue . 
  so it would have to come directly from the politicians and as for now not a single major political party wants to leave the eu . 
  they are aware it would be an economical and political disaster . 
  even our retarded president said that he would vote remain if there was a referendum on this . 
  is the press now going to publish articles about whether uk should or should n't leave every single day until the referendum actually happens ? 
  seriously i even feel bad for the journalists , they must be also tired of this shit already . 
  from my understanding the agencies are decentralised bodies , or some sort of legally independent entities which are supposted to be fulfilling specific tasks that eu gave them . 
  so i yeah , they work for eu , were founded by eu , but legally they are independent . 
  then you have the institutions and relations between them basically go like this - european commision creates the law and european council/the council of eu and the european parliament vote on the law . 
  there also other seperate institutions like the european central bank ( in charge of the monetary policy ) , european investment bank ( provides loans to support eu goals ) , european justice court ( making sure that eu law is implemented ) , the commitee of regions and the social and economical comitee ( advising role ) . 
  and there are probably others which i ca n't remember now . 
  the point is - the institutions are standing independently in a sense that they have different sort of powers and responsibilities . 
  but they obviously cooperate with each other . 
  it actually works similarly like in any democratic state - you have legislative , executive and judicial power + a central bank ( if the state has its own currency ) . 
  as for the communication - is there really a head of pr of the whole eu ? 
  i always supposed that each institution and agency will have its own public/press communication department . 
  i 'm not quite sure if there is someone who makes rules how eu presents itself . 
  but yeah , you are right , it 's a total mess , most people probably barely know the most important institutions - like the commission , parliament and european council . 
  and i presume that most people could not name a single eu agency . 
  but i 'm not sure having the same logo would change anything . 
  actually when you think about it , the agencies have specific tasks , so it kinda makes sense if their logo sort of represents what they do . 
  perhaps this could help people to memorize at least some of the agencies better . 
  yeah , i know it exists and have heard it 's pretty good , but so far i have avoided the series , because frankly our history in the 20th century is so depressing that i just never was in the mood to watch it :d but yeah , i probably should give it a chance or at least watch the last episode . 
  hmm , not so sure about that . 
  i would say he is still considered to be worse than kaczynski . 
  but hungary is not as big and important as poland , so that 's imo why there is a bigger fuss about poland . 
  well you definitely are with hungary . 
  and also with us and slovaks , we wo n't critize you , at least not openly , because a ) it 's polish inner politics , so none of our business and b ) we want the v4 cooperation as strong as possible . 
  but the us wo n't like it . 
  they are already very unhappy with hungary . 
  our president is also doing everything he can to sabotage our relations with them , while our goverment barely manages to repair the damages he 's made . 
  and now the biggest and most important v4 country is somewhat turning against the democratic principles . 
  they wo n't be excited . 
  i would n't be surprised if they tried to pressure pis into making some changes by threatening that you can otherwise forget about any nato bases in poland . 
  i was born in 1993 , so after the breakup . 
  the history lessons in cz are very czech-centric ( i supposted it 's similar in other countries ) , so i never really learnt that much about slovakian history . 
  all the stuff i knew was always from a czech perspective . 
  this changed when i started my uni studies and found so many friends among slovaks ( there are large numbers of slovaks studying in cz ) and started to talk politics with them . 
  i obviously always knew what an asshole klaus is , but me\u010diar ... man i was so suprised to hear what kind of massive dickhead he was . 
  slovaks are incredibly lucky that they got rid of him , had slovakia gone the opposite direction , they could have ended up like ukraine . 
  no problem at all , our languages are very similar so i see nothing strange about a foreigner confusing them . 
  just out of curiosity , did you only understand the writing or did you also understand some bits of the spoken parts ? 
  it 's slovak actually :d, 
  russia might not accept that , but they have no right to tell other nations what they can or can not do . 
  i guess we just have a fundamental disagreement on how to approach russia . 
  you think you should n't play a part in these sensitive political affairs , but you are already playing a part in them by voting in this referendum . 
  and by voting no , you are boosting russia 's chances that they will get away with this .
