  i do n't want this to sound like i 'm whining or that i think that eu is some grand conspiracy of western europe with the purpose to once again fuck over cee countries , but the reality is that the power balance is heavily skewed in favour of the old member states , particularely in the informal channels . 
  and the position of v4 is very problematic . 
  long story short , we 're not popular , even though in the case of the czech republic it 's not as strong as in the case of hungary and poland . 
  i do n't want to bore you with a wall of text about how we got to this situation , so i 'll just say that v4 right now is really more of a toxic brand and its ability to shape anything in the eu is very limited . 
  do n't know where you got that , our meps in the european parliament are the 3rd in voting participation . 
   just wanted to emphasize that we small players are not as powerless as some in this thread would claim well , for certain small players it is true , for others , not so much . 
  although you 're right that ` powerless ' is a too strong word . 
  at the same time , as someone from the czech republic , i 'm certainly not happy with how much influence we have in the eu . 
  the thing is that tax policy is n't really under eu authority . 
  and you said it yourself , luxembourg is n't the only one which has interest in this . 
  if the eu wanted to take measures against luxembourg or malta , they would also have to pick up a fight with bigger players , like ireland or to lesser extent , the netherlands . 
  but i have a feeling that you misunderstood what i was trying to say . 
  i did n't claim that all small countries are equally weak . 
  i recognize that some small countries push way above their weight in the eu . 
  i was just saying that my country is not one of them . 
  you 're the founding member , thus you are among the ones with the most experience with the inner workings of the eu , you also were there when the eu was being formed and was at its most vulnerable , thus you had a solid chance to influence the way the eu is set and prepare your elites ( politicians , bureaucrats , academics ... ) to position themselves well within the eu institutions . 
  all of this means that you have a disproportional amount of influence in the informal channels . 
  hell , arguably the most powerful man within the eu institutions - the head of the commission , is from your country . 
  none of this can be said for my country . 
  small countries are over-represented in the parliament , but even with this over-representation , they have significantly less mps than france or germany . 
  additionaly , the veto power in the council can only be applied in a few areas , in most cases , it can not be used anymore , instead qmv is used . 
  possibly , but that would require a treaty change . 
  and you could see what a huge problem it was to introduce the lisbon treaty . 
  every single member state would have to sign and ratify the treaty , in some countries , referenda might be called . 
  not even the us went for the ` no matter where you 're from , your vote counts them same ' model . 
  and they were from the starting point way more unified than europe is . 
  i just can not imagine the smaller european societies agreeing to being reduced in power like this . 
  i , for one , would never want that . 
  but you 're right that i obviously do n't see into the future , so i ca n't rule it out 100 % . 
   qmv takes population size into consideration , but also the countries themselves ( at least 55 % of governments need to be in favour ) . 
  and other issues even require unanimity . 
  yes , but then it 's simplifying to say that it 's ` one country , one vote ' in the council . 
  it 's not quite simple as that . 
   now you 're explaining why it wo n't happen while previously you were arguing against my conviction that this situation is unjust . 
  what is it ? 
  i was n't arguing against your convinction , you are obviously free to believe whatever you want . 
  my point actually was that it 's unrealistic to achieve such federation in europe . 
  i was n't trying to pass any value-judgements over what is more just or unjust . 
  i was just saying that small countries would n't have strong incentives to join a federation where their power is diminished . 
  but it already does n't fully apply in the council , instead most decisions are voted through qmv which takes the population size into consideration . 
  and you 're right , germany is a federation and through your historical process , you reached to the point where smaller countries are ok with not being over-represented . 
  the eu on the other hand is not a federation and it 's no way close to the unity that german states have among each other . 
  instead eu member states would have to be persuaded to form a federation . 
  all i 'm saying - good luck convincing , say , 5 millions of danes that they should agree to have less power in the parliament . 
  i mean , why would they do that , it 's just objectively is n't good for them . 
  no , but the czech republic is not a federation . 
  then you could call it ` the federation of big countries in europe ' because unless you create a system where small countries are n't completely sidelined just because they 're small , not even the eu-ethusiastic small countries would join such federation . 
  no , of course not . 
  in the council and the parliament , the population size matters , so obviously we do n't have as strong voting power as the more populous countries . 
  if we talk about informal ways of influence , then it 's even a bigger no . 
   he faked a coup to get a secure position well that 's really not certain . 
  it could very well also be that he was getting ready to purge the gulenists out of positions of power ( similar to how the gulenists and erdogan did it together to the secularists back then when they still were on good terms with each other ) , the gulenists learnt what was about to happen and made a rash decision to attemp to orchestrate a coup , since they felt like they had no other choice . 
  or maybe if there are problems in the us society , then the us society should as whole work on improving the situation , instead of expecting other countries to fix it for you ? 
  and btw . 
  there is no single `` eu language '' and i really doubt that there is a significant number of black americans who could speak czech . 
  so perhaps if the uk or ireland or malta would like to offer the us citizens a simple way to immigrate to their countries , then they 're free to do so , but in the case of my country , it really would make no sense . 
   humanitarian benefits sorry to put it this bluntly , but i believe the immigration policy of my country should be designed in a way that benefits my country , not the people of other countries . 
  my country is not responsible for the well-being of the citizens of other countries , so our immigration policy should reflect purely what benefits the immigrant can or can not bring to our society . 
  that 's probably just a bit of a confirmation bias from your side . 
  or maybe it 's because americans tend to be loud so you notice them easily . 
  the biggest tourist group are actually germans . 
  brits and americans are in the top spots as well though . 
  it makes economic sense too . 
  there is a solid chance that those who put enough effort into learning czech might stay here after graduating and pay taxes . 
  we have the lowest unemployment in the eu and severe labour shortages specially in certain fields , so attracting young people by offering them the chance to study here for free and opening our job market to them once they graduate is a good way to tackle this problem . 
  in the czech republic , you can only get citizenship through your parents , not your grandparents let alone great-grandparents . 
  your parents also need to have the citizenship at the time you were born , so if they for whatever reason lose the citizenship before you 're born , you do not get czech citinzenship through them . 
  i think this is fairly reasonable , since there 's a solid chance that kids of 1st generation czech immigrants might still have somewhat close ties to the czech republic , so it 's okay to give them a chance to re-connect with their country if they want to . 
  i would n't want this to apply to other generations though , because then the chances would be that the people applying for the citizenship would be like you - i.e. 
  no strong ties to the country , no language skills , probably not even much knowledge about the country , let alone some commitment . 
  no offence , i absolutely understand that having italian citizenship is convenient and it 's perfectly logical to use this opportunity when it 's available , however i would n't want my country to give out czech citizenship to people who just see it as their ticket to a life in the eu . 
  i also think it would highly unfair to people who have to apply the traditional way and have to meet all the requirements that someone who just happened to have some czech great grandma would get the citizenship without having to meet any of the requirements . 
   we even have so called `` european '' classes in some of the high schools , do you have something like that too ? 
  no , we do n't have anything like that . 
  we have high schools that specialize in different stuff and you can easily find high schools that specialize in foreign languages , but nothing which would specialize in european affairs . 
  could you elaborate a bit more what were the projects about ? 
  were you also taught something about the eu by the teachers and if so , would you say the information was neutral ? 
  not trying to pick on you , i 'm just genuinely curious . 
  for example in my school , we were taught about the eu as a part of the civics and geography classes , but it was all very stricly fact-based information - i.e. 
  what are the member countries , what is schengen , what is eurozone , which are the eu institutions , where are they seated , some brief history of the eu and so on . 
  we also had discussions classes where we were allowed to talk about what we like/dislike about the eu , but our teachers were always were careful not to intervene in these debates and not let their own opinion known . 
  i do n't feel a very strong emotional connection , however i do recognize the practical benefits ( and also the cons ) of the eu . 
  what ? 
  what does a ` pro-eu school ' mean ? 
  in my country , primary and secondary schools are apolitical , so i really ca n't imagine how a pro-eu school might look like . 
  they do n't use the us as an example , but they sometimes use other non-european countries . 
  for example israel when it comes to counter-terrorism , cyber-warfare or fighting water scarcity . 
  in the czech republic and slovakia the pulse of europe initiative simply is n't known among the public . 
  also the vast majority of people are primarely concerned about local and national politics , european affairs is n't something that would draw people 's attention . 
  just look at the voter turn out to the european parliament elections . 
  cz and sk are dead last . 
  ah , i see , well i did n't know that by ` money ' you meant specifically eu funds . 
  then no , we 're not in the eu just for the eu funds . 
  of course if we lost eu funds , we would feel it , but it would n't be catastrophic for our economy , it 's not that huge amount of money . 
  also , it does n't bring only positives , it 's also a source of corruption and in many cases it unfairly skews the market . 
  however we absolutely do need the access to the single market , without this , our economy would be done . 
  that 's the primary reason why we do not want to leave the eu . 
  security is of course another reason . 
   though , what i get from re-reading it , is eu trying to make eu laws being fulfilled will not solve anything . 
  the way i meant it is that it will not help achieving the objectives it has - it will not help solving the migrant crisis , because there 's no effective way to keep the refugees in their assigned countries .
