  the eu should carefully pick where to focus its attention . 
  as for now , i do n't think going hard against poland is the right way . 
  that could only alienate the polish society . 
  the eu should focus on brexit , migration and rising euro-scepticism in the core countries like france or netherlands . 
  plus further military cooperation/security union . 
  those are the issues where the eu actually can make a difference . 
  ultimately we in cee need to get our domestic politics in order on our own , we can not be constantly helped from abroad . 
   the expulsion also affected women , children , the elderly , everybody . 
  i know and this is why i said that the atrocities are not justifiable . 
  whether the expulsion itself was justifiable is another thing . 
  to put it bluntly , it was a collective punishment . 
  yes , most of the sudeten germans supported hitler ( even if indirectly ) , but there were also many who did n't . 
  of course ideally , only those who supported the nazis should be punished and this was actually the idea at first ( those who could prove they resisted nazism were supposed to be allowed to stay ) . 
  however in reality it was not really implemented like this . 
  on the other hand , we are speaking about millions of people here . 
  it was just unrealistic to launch an investigation on every one of them to see whether they were anti-nazi or not . 
  in the end it was a pragmatic decision of the czech politicians . 
  they could not have known how would germany behave after the war . 
  they were afraid that having a large german minority could be dangerous for us again in the future . 
  they decided to get rid of this risk and honestly , i do n't blame them for thinking this way . 
   i also think that a lot of czechs can be kinda in denial about this too . 
  why not just say : yes it was shit , maybe it was unfair to many people , but it was war , and it could have been way worse ? 
  i think this is pretty much the attitude of the czech society . 
  i remember a survey , probably a relatively old one , but it would be imo still representative and most of the people seemed to acknowledge that the atrocities were definitely a wrong thing , however the expulsion itself is justified due to the fact that germans started the war and the sudetengermans supported it . 
  we mostly do n't deny that it was shit and that horrible things happened during the expulsions . 
  it is openly mentioned like this in the schools nowadays ( not during the communism ) . 
  however i 'm not surprised that you might see it differently ( that we 're in denial about this ) - i suppose you probably discussed this with some czechs in person or on the internet ? 
  if so , they either hold strong nationalist view , or ( and that is more likely ) , they simply got defensive with a german/austrian more so than they would if they discussed this with another czech . 
  people are like this everywhere in the world , they can talk pretty honestly or even shittalk their own country with their fellow country men , but with foreigners , they tend to defend their side . 
  and of course , in this case the reaction would be even stronger if that foreigner was a german/austrian . 
  the nazi occupation is still a hugely sensitive topic . 
  from the czech perspective , germans should simply not talk about it , or if they do , they should focus on their own fuck ups , not remind other people of theirs . 
  that does n't mean we deny that fuck up . 
  we just do n't want to be schooled about it by germany . 
   you could for example create a motion to simultaneously apply the procedure against both hungary and poland and argue that you only need the other 26 states to do that because after all you are stripping these countries of their vote . 
  the current treaties do not allow this . 
  you can not just make up your own procedures because it 's convenient . 
  if the european law allowed such a possibility , i 'm sure it would have already been mentioned . 
   what the eu can do to kaczinski is to strip poland of all eu benefits no , you ca n't just strip a country of eu funds with no legal explanation . 
  you have to follow legal procedures . 
   i also think that while there is a lot to do the situation in poland and hungary is still a reasonably big priority and you can work on a lot of things simultaneously . 
  well , i wish you were right , but the eu does not have a infinite amount of political capital . 
  creating a backlash in another member country is something the eu does not really need right now . 
   i also disagree that the eu is essentially toothless here . 
  where there is a will to act there is also a way . 
  ok , so what can the eu do ? 
  last time i remember juncker actually said in a interview that the eu ca n't do anything about poland . 
  this procedure that is being led against poland is not going anywhere , because the threat - taking poland 's voting rights will never happen , since hungary will block that . 
  all the eu can do is to apply soft pressure . 
  which probably wo n't work with kaczynski . 
  and to be honest , is there even a will to do anything ? 
  the eu has other , arguably more important things to worry about . 
  the uk leaving , the migrant and financial crisis - neither of them is really resolved , now trump in the us and the possibility of le pen in france . 
  all of this is imo more threatening nowadays . 
  i do n't think there is any energy left to pick a fight with poland . 
  eu has let it go too far with hungary already , so nowadays it 's already too late to do anything . 
  orb\u00e1n already said that he would block any attempts to sanction poland and frankly , it would be quite ridiculous to sanction poland and not hungary , since the situation there is arguably even worse than in poland . 
  the only leverage that the eu has is to allocate overall less money to cohesion in the next budget , but that would be punishing to all net receiving countries , not just poland and hungary . 
  eu is viewed pretty negatively nowadays ( although we were always the most euro-sceptic country out of those which joined in 2004 , so this is hardly a new thing ) . 
  in the last survey ( april 2016 ) , only 25 % of people were satisfied with the membership . 
  36 % were neither satisfied , nor dissatisfied , 36 % were dissatisfied ( the rest did n't know ) . 
  hardly anyone is pro-euro . 
  51 % of people still want to stay in the eu though . 
  39 % want to leave , the rest did n't know . 
  only 16 % of people want further integration , 42 % want to stay at the current level of integration , 27 % of people want less integration . 
  people mostly value the possibility to travel , study and work in other eu countries ( 77 % ) , subsidies ( 69 % ) and better security assurances ( 50 % ) . 
  on the other hand they do n't like the increasement of the bureaucracy ( 81 % ) , european laws which are too limiting ( 74 % ) , our qualified people leaving to other eu countries ( 72 % ) and the eu influencing our politics too much ( 71 % ) . 
  there are imo several reasons behind this rather sceptical stance . 
  first of all this `` fuck you outside authorities '' is pretty much in our national mindset . 
  people do n't like anything what they perceive as an outside influence trying to impose something on us . 
  some of the our politicial leaders in the past few decades were also pretty euro-sceptic , so they to some extent influenced and shaped the public discourse . 
  also unlike in other ee countries , the eu membership did n't make such a strong , visible and immediate impact here . 
  we did n't make such a huge progress like some other ee countries , since we already were in a higher starting position , so there was not such a big potentional for growth here as in other ee countries . 
  from the recent events , the migrant crisis made a big impact and left many people very mad at the eu for trying to impose quotas on us . 
  the greek and the eurozone crisis turned people completely against the euro ( altough they already were pretty sceptical before ) . 
  the eu is surely demonized a lot by the anti-immigration parties , partly by our president , by some of the media ( some of the `` alternative media '' have links to russia ) . 
  it is promoted by pretty much no one from the political sphere . 
  the message of most of the pro-eu politicians in cz is more like `` yeah , we know it sometimes sucks , but there 's no other alternative for us , we have to stay in the eu , because it 's one of our security guarantees and a platform for us to protect our interests . 
  also we get money from the eu '' . 
  we do have some media which are quite heavily pro-eu though . 
  still , most people have absolutely no idea how the eu actually works . 
  our voter turnout to the european parliament elections is absolutely pathetic . 
  people just do n't care . 
  nobody really tries to spark the interest . 
  people of course know that we 're part of the eu , but they do n't believe we can influence anything . 
   people just accept the explanation that the german-speaking inhabitants betrayed us and supported hitler and it 's actually not true . 
  but the thing is , it actually is true . 
  sudeten germans voted overwhelmingly for the sudetendeutsche partei , which heavily supported hitler . 
  i 'm not saying that this justifies the atrocities happening during the expulsion , it surely does n't . 
  but to say that the sudeten germans were all just innocent victims is misleading . 
  but anyway , it all happened long time ago . 
  reconciliation on the personal level is great , but otherwise there is no need to dig into this again on the official level , it was already addressed in the czech-german declaration from 1997 . 
  edit : sorry for the wall of text , i did n't realize it was this long until i posted it . 
  first of all , thanks for writing your perspective . 
  even though i disagree with most of what you say , i 'm stil glad that there are multiple point of views on this subreddit , because otherwise it would be pretty boring . 
  but back to the topic - i disagree with what you seem to be suggesting - that most of the refugees just want decent lifes and if they could get that in ee ( or se countries like portugal , spain , greece , italy ) they would be fine with staying there . 
  there is evidence saying otherwise , mostly the very cases that happened in the czech republic and in poland , where refugees were brought here by private organizations which had the funds ready for them ( so they were not dependent on the state support ) . 
  these private organizations provided them with decent free accomodation , food , language and integration lessons , schooling was ready for the children and the adults even had job offers ready for them once they acquired a reasonable level of the local language . 
  majority of them still left . 
  note that i 'm not saying everyone .
