  he feared that having a large german minority could be an existential danger to us . 
  of course what then happened was that some czech people took the justice into their own hands and horrible things happened during this `` wild expulsion '' . 
  ironically many of these people were actually collaborating with the nazis during the occupation and by killing civilian germans , they wanted to whitewash their crimes . 
  you 're right that this kind of human scum had no problem to once again turn the cloak when the communists took over , so they probably might have ended up in some positions of power . 
  i absolutely condemn that . 
  what some people did to germans after the war was repulsive . 
  but it was never a part of the official policy , it was n't supposed to happen like that . 
  our politicians already expressed their regrets over it several times in the post-89 period . 
   perhaps but they were killing your people , not foreign enemies which i think is the main issue here . 
  yes , i agree that this definitely why people would look at those two actions differently . 
  you 're right about that . 
   i 'm just interested what you find so morally objectionable about the things begin did ( i 'm not talking about shamir because he did some pretty fucked up things ) ? 
  what about the deir yassin massacre ? 
  begin led irgun at that time , did n't he ? 
  and that was definitely not a military target . 
  they also took some british soldiers captive and hanged them during the mandate . 
  plenty of the military target attacks had civilian casualties as well . 
   you realize that we also negotiated with arafat and abbas both of which are much more clearly affiliated with terrorism than begin . 
  yes i know , but that 's something different , those were/are the representatives of the palestinians so you can not choose them , begin and shamir you chose yourselves . 
   i mean , you do realize that ben gurion ordered probably more deaths than begin and shamir what ? 
  what deaths did he order ? 
  i thought ben gurion acted with way more restrain than begin or shamir . 
  he was less radical than them , was n't he ? 
   i think you 'd be hard pressed to vote for anyone who ran for government in israel up until the early 80 's if you did n't want people involved directly or indirectly with killing people during the mandate . 
  yes , i understand that there were n't many alternatives . 
  i 'm not trying to be judgemental , it 's up to the israeli citizens who they voted/vote for . 
  i 'm just saying that for me personally , it just feels wrong . 
  of course our politicians also do fucked up shit . 
  but not this kind of fucked up . 
  i just ca n't imagine my country having a democratically elected leader who has blood of innocent people on his hands . 
  that 's like the ultimate crime that you can commit . 
  i for example can not imagine havel ( our first post-communist president ) doing some underground guerilla warfare with tons of civilian casualties . 
  i guess it 's a bit different culture , we just tend to be pretty pacifistic , non-violent people . 
  for example there was a small group of armed people who tried to target the communist security forces in the 1950 's . 
  they killed some 15 people before escaping to the west , none of the victims were civilians though . 
  up until today their actions are considered very controversial . 
  many people think they were murderers , because they did n't kill in self defense . 
  they would just attack a member of the security forces , disarm him , tie him up and then execute him . 
  other people think that their goals were just , but the means unacceptable . 
  some people think that their actions were justifiable . 
  but i think very few people would ever think that these guys would be an appropriate pick for our post-communist government . 
  i respect begin for reaching the peace treaty with egypt . 
  i 'm not familiar enough with the israeli politics to know what he has done on the domestic political scene during his time in the office , but it 's not like i was trying to claim that all that he did was bad . 
  i 'm just saying that his actions during his time in irgun could be described as terrorist . 
  the fact that the victims were not jewish is not really the point . 
  i mean who else should understand that terror methods are horrible if not israelis ? 
  you are still today suffering because of terrorism . 
  yet you voted for people who commited terror acts . 
  i apologize if i 'm being insensitive or if i 'm missing something but i personally can not imagine ever voting for someone who did things that begin or shamir did in their young age . 
  for me it would just be wrong in principle . 
  for me , punishment serves more than one function . 
  one of them is deterrent to other people , another is to prevent the same person from repeating the crime and lastly punishment should serve justice . 
  that is to me a question of ethics . 
  in other words , if you hurt someone , you deserve to be punished . 
  because it 's morally wrong to hurt other people . 
  but our anti-communist leaders were peaceful . 
  they never engaged in acts that could be described as terrorism . 
  they never targeted civilians , they never assasinated anyone . 
  they never even acted violently against the communist forces , not even when the regime was collapsing . 
  our revolution is called the velvet revolution , because nobody died . 
  so no , it 's not really the same . 
  irgun and lechi were killing people , including civilians , they were taking and killing hostages , these all were acts that fit the definition of terrorism . 
  i understand that from a pragmatic point of view , you could n't just punish everyone who did unlawful things prior 1948 , but you did n't just give them amnesty , you ended up electing them into the office . 
  this is something i have trouble understanding . 
   punishment for punishment 's sake exists for justice boners only . 
  well then i guess i 'm for justice boners . 
  i believe that if you do something bad , you should be punished . 
  not just because you 're dangerous , or because it 's a deterrent , but because you have done something wrong and you deserve to be punished for that . 
  actions must have consequences . 
  justice to me is not just about prevention , it is about morality . 
  if someone does something so horrible as a rape of a small child , they deserve to be punished accordingly . 
  i would just not like to see the treaty collapse just because of a dutch referendum that only some 30 % of people took part in and that has nothing to do with the rest of the eu . 
  i want us to go ahead with this as soon as possible , because the support for ukraine might unravel with trump and quite likely fillon in france so in the future , it might be even more difficult to push through any supporting measures for ukraine . 
  i do not think that this should turn into a standard procedure and from now on , everyone will be able to opt-out from everything . 
  i see this as a special case . 
  i 'm glad that nothing about the treaty changes and if the dutch do n't like it , then it should be possible to simply exclude netherlands and have the treaty apply only between ukraine and the rest of the eu countries . 
  i do n't see why the dutch should be able to block it for all the rest of us . 
  i realize that the historic circumstances around the founding of israel ( and the time period shortly before that ) were , to put it mildly , very complicated . 
  but damn , it 's still really weird to have a pm , who used to be active in terrorist organizations . 
  the same thing with begin . 
  do n't take this the wrong way , i 'm generally pro-israel , it 's just that some aspects of the israeli politics seem really strange from the european perspective . 
  the judges judge according to the legal system of austria . 
  there are different punishments in different legal systems around the world . 
  it 's not necessarily true that austria has the most adequate punishment set in their system for raping a minor . 
  i simply think that an adequate punishment should be higher and you 're right that i 'm not a judge but that does n't automatically make my opinion wrong . 
  in my country , one can get up to 15 years in prison for raping someone under 15 and i simply consider this a more adequate punishment . 
   and even if somebody lies about his age , tries to enter germany with counterfeit papers and gets caught : what can , realistically , be done about it ? 
  to deport them , you need to know their home country , and the home country needs to be willing to take them back -- which they will refuse if they do n't have documents that prove they are citizens . 
  no , but underage people are entitled to family reunification sooner than adults , plus i 'm sure they are entitled to other benefits , so you have to find out who really is underage and who is n't so that you do n't provide adults with treatment that they do n't legally deserve . 
  underage people are also often left together in refugee centres so by not correctly determining migrants ' age , you might be leaving 15 year olds with 25 year olds and i think you can see how that can be a problem - the older guys can exploit the younger ones . 
   determining a person 's age with biometrics is time-consuming , costly and not reliable . 
  is it more costly than have the family members of the `` children '' come to germany under the family reunification schemes ? 
  i think not . 
  plus i know it 's not 100 % reliable - so have 1-2 years tolerance . 
  but do n't let people in their 20s and 30s passing for teenagers . 
  7 years is not enough to call this justice . 
  even if he comes out rehabilitated ( which is very uncertain ) apologising will not help the kid who might be suffering from a trauma that could damage him for the rest of his life . 
  you need to have punishments adequate to the crime and 7 years for a rape of a 10 year old child is not adequate . 
  what are you talking about , sweden is a big arms exporter . 
  they definitely do have weapons and they do sell them to other countries .
