  you can read more about it on wikipedia if you want , but basically the tldr version is that they parachuted into nazi occupied bohemia , assasinated the 3rd highest nazi official and the architect of holocaust reinhard heydrich who was also nicknamed the butcher of prague for his ruthless and brutal ruling of bohemia and moravia . 
  they did all this knowing that they likely wo n't be able to get to safety and when the nazis found about the location they were hiding in , the seven men managed to defend their position for six hours against hundreds of ss soldiers and when the nazis were finally closing in , they decided to rather kill themselves than getting captured alive . 
  pretty brave men , if you ask me . 
  recently there has been a new [ movie ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt4190530/?ref_=nv_sr_1 ) made based on this story starring cillian murphy and jamie dornan as the two main protagonists . 
  best friends forever < 3 i also like slovakia the most . 
  it is a small boost for the exporters . 
  it does n't make such a huge difference for the exporters to be significantly hurt when the interventions stop . 
  and it 's not like we 're the cheapest exporter now just because of the interventions . 
  there are already countries that are much cheaper . 
  the central bankers are not complete idiots , they know what they 're doing . 
  but it helps our exports . 
  and our economy stands on exports . 
   it annoys me when people from other countries question our significance . 
  uhmm , not saying anything about british significance or insignificance ( i think we will have clearer picture of that in the upcoming years , specially during the exit negotiations and during the post-brexit stage ) , but if you 're so sensitive about other people questioning the significance of your country , maybe you should stay away from reddit . 
  or internet in general . 
  people shittalk other countries all the time . 
  sometimes they have good arguments , sometimes not . 
  you 're free to make counter-arguments . 
  but you should n't expect that everyone else will tip toe around the uk because of your `` national pride '' . 
  i remember pretty clearly reading about several cases where the nationality of the victim played a role and it was also reported by bbc , not just by the guardian or the independent . 
  i 'm not saying it happens often , but i think it 's relatively plausible that it could happen several times . 
  you ca n't deny that a certain amount of people in the uk really strongly dislike ees and that perhaps some of these people feel encouraged by brexit to show their hatred . 
   you were under the impression that the uk was a utopia where no crime ever happened ? 
  no , but in general i would say people here were not aware that violent xenophobic attacks against poles happen . 
  most people probably knew that poles ( or ees ) in general are not exactly popular in the uk , but the fact that several incidents of violent attacks against poles ( motivated by racism or xenophobia , whichever you want to call it ) happened after brexit surprised a lot of people . 
  also we do n't really have gang-related violence here , nor do we have our own version of chavs , so this was i guess also pretty surprising to many people . 
   there has n't been an increase in crime , or violent crime against eu citizens , it 's just that the papers have suddenly started reporting them so it appears that there has been an upsurge . 
  well , that 's the problem - since the papers previously did n't inform about this , we were not aware that this was indeed happening in the uk in the first place ( even if rarely ) . 
  you need to understand that many people from the czech republic only ever visited london , the rest of their impressions of the uk come from tv and movies , so their overall perception of the country is pretty inaccurate . 
  yeah sure , mostly they were aware that ee migration has not been taken very positively , but they did n't know that poles can get attacked for speaking polish , they also did n't know that gang violence is a problem in the uk . 
  when you suddenly get this all this information ( the news about the murdered czech was on the front page of all the media here ) , you 're pretty much guaranteed to get a lot of negative reactions . 
  i think rumsfeld primarily meant the new nato member states that supported the iraq war ( i.e. 
  countries that joined nato after 89 ) . 
  to quote him : `` now , you 're thinking of europe as germany and france . 
  i do n't . 
  i think that 's old europe . 
  if you look at the entire nato europe today , the center of gravity is shifting to the east . 
  and there are a lot of new members . 
  and if you just take the list of all the members of nato and all of those who have been invited in recently -- what is it ? 
  twenty-six , something like that ? 
  -- you 're right . 
  germany has been a problem , and france has been a problem ( ... ) but you look at vast numbers of other countries in europe . 
  they 're not with france and germany on this , they 're with the united states . '', 
  so yeah , he had mainly ee nato members in mind , but the way he said it , basically all countries that sided with the us on the iraq war probably could be counted as new europe , in this rusmfeld 's definiton . 
  but it 's not like it 's some important division , it 's just something rumsfeld once mentioned during an interview . 
  the same [ question ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/50ca31/if_you_had_to_move_to_another_european_country/ ) was asked cca a month ago . 
  still , for me , it would probably be austria or slovakia . 
  maybe germany or the scandinavian countries . 
  it would depend on where i could find a decent job . 
  yes , i get that , that 's totally reasonable . 
  even though if you have a german partner , your future kids would get the german citizenship regardless . 
  but still , if you plan to stay in germany pernamently , i do n't see any reason why not to apply for german citizenship , it makes perfect sense . 
  may i ask where you 're staying in germany ? 
  because my parents ' friend moved to germany years ago with her german husband to live in rural bavaria . 
  she speaks fluent german , but she 's still pretty miserable there because she finds it really difficult to make real friends in the village outside of her husband 's social circle . 
  she says it 's like people have not yet fully accepted her . 
  they 're polite , but they do n't want to get closer with her . 
  so i guess it really depends on where you live in germany , people are probably not that welcoming to foreigners in every part of germany . 
  is n't using the `` new europe '' term reffering to how rumsfeld called those countries who opposed the iraq war `` old europe '' whereas those who supported the war were `` new europe '' ? 
  because i 've never heard anyone using `` new europe '' in any other context . 
   on the contrary , people periodically ask me , when i 'll finally apply for german citizenship . 
  and will you ? 
  i think it would not be a bad idea , since we allow dual citizenship , so you could still keep your czech passport . 
  hopefully not , i would like to continue having friendly relations with the us , but it depends on how he would act when in office . 
  we certainly would n't initiate any drastic change in our relations ourselves , but we would have to react in case his actions are unfriendly . 
  we do n't really have a specific terminology here , however we do have a specific narrative that these pro-russian websites/trolls use . 
  it 's basically `` everyone is lying , do n't trust anybody , specially not the mainstream media , the eu and the us are just as bad as russia , if not worse '' . 
  and they 're massively using the migrant crisis to make the point that the eu is at best incompetent or worse - basically our enemy , because it wants to send potentional terroritst here . 
   other than that , do n't you think that following the law is simply enough ( like for example treating women equals etc. . . ) our societies do n't stand only on written law though . 
  they stand on customs , traditions and cultural rules which are unwritten , but failing to abide by them might make you unable to fit in the society properly . 
  obviously some breakings of these unwritten rules are different from the others . 
  for example if you do n't like beer and do n't want to spend time in pubs , that might at worst exlude you from some societal activities , but you have plenty of other opportunities to make up for that by other activities which you do n't mind joining . 
  however just to give you another example . 
  there were a few cases in my country of muslim immigrants ( originally chechen refugees coming in the late 90s to early 00s ) refusing to let their daughters participate in school trips with their classmates . 
  they had no problems allowing their sons to take part in these activities . 
  technically speaking this was n't illegal , you ca n't force parents to let their children participate in school trips . 
  but just because something is n't stricly banned by law does n't mean it ca n't be deeply problematic . 
  how are the girls supposed to integrate if they 're exluded from activities with their classmates ? 
  and how succesfully have the parents integrated if they think a girl going on a trip with her school is too dangerous for her modesty ? 
  for me , european values are more than just written rules . 
  it 's also our way of life and if some immigrants do n't like these values and want to continue to live by their own set of values ( i.e. 
  for example treating their own daughters totally differently than their sons ) then why ca n't they go living in a muslim-majority country ? 
  it 's not like there is n't plenty of them in the world . 
  eheheh ... you know maybe we 'll rather sacrifice those few idiots who think they 're immortal when abroad . 
  the last few times we got protected from ourselves did n't turn out so great . 
  i always thought we had this reputation only in slovakia . 
  then i learnt that that we 're known for being involved in accidents in crotia as well . 
  now i 'm starting to think that we 're known for this in just about every country that we go to as tourists in significant numbers . 
  just last week a group of czech tourists was camping in slovak mountains in a place where it was forbidden because there were a lot of bears living there . 
  unsurprisingly they were attacked by a bear and had to be rescued , luckily they all survived . 
  i really do n't know why we act like such idiots abroad . 
  slovakia without any doubts . 
  [ 50 things to do in prague ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oo96jvsm5y0&amp;index=12&amp;list=plm9_kznjw8qguehjf4lcfiigwpirtckam ), 
  hi , for starters , vienna is definitely central europe . 
  if you follow the cold war division , then yeah , prague and budapest are eastern europe , however nowadays the `` social norms '' in these cities are pretty much the same as in the western europe . 
  so do n't worry , you are not likely to experience some massive cultural shock . 
  also all these towns are full of tourists all the time , so people there are absolutely used to foreigners , so as long as you do n't act like a total douchebag , you 'll be fine , even if you accidentaly do something that a local would consider rude/weird or whatever . 
  maybe just some small things : prague and budapest are often the target of british/scandinavian stag parties , because the alcohol is much cheaper here . 
  people are really annoyed with these tourists , because they always get shit faced drunk in the city centre and act like assholes . 
  so just do n't be one of them .
