  at that point , the international treaties will go out of the window . 
  because europe simply ca n't cope with that many people , that just is n't possible . 
  that was the reality that i said would change german or swedish public opinion . 
   no one was forced to agree to this . 
  yet all eu members did . 
  the refugee convention of 1951 was created with the emerging cold war and its primary goal was to deal with political prisoners and other persecuted people in the eastern bloc . 
  you can read it to see that there is n't even any mention of `` war '' in the convention . 
  it was n't build for situations like this . 
   there ca n't be a union if nations and their citizens are refusing to stick to what they agreed upon . 
  there ca n't be a union if some countries are forcing other countries to go directly against the wishes of their people . 
   that 's exactly what martin schulz ( the chancellor candidate of the center-left ) is proposing because he considers it too neoliberal and , while maybe appropriate in the past , not beneficiary anymore . 
  so he 's openly campaigning for `` let 's send more money to greece '' ? 
  but anyway , then try to imagine an issue , where the german public opinion would be like 80-85 % against it . 
  and not just some minor issue that nobody finds important , but something that people actually consider very important . 
  would your politicians be in favour of it then ? 
  i think not . 
  and that is what you 're asking from us . 
   what response do you want to see ? 
  which solution do you consider better than quotas for all member states ? 
  do your best to prevent the migrants and refugees from coming . 
  and yes , i mean including fences and walls . 
  if necessary , crack down on the ngos who are running boat-taxis just a few miles from libyan shores . 
  keep those who still come irregularely in camps to send a message that anyone who comes illegaly will not enjoy the life in rich we countries that he/she seeks . 
  launch large-scale resettlement programmes for those who abide by the rules and stay in the first safe country . 
  do n't force countries who do not want to participate in the resettlement programmes , but require from them more money/equipment/personell to help affected countries , both the non-eu affected countries ( like jordan , turkey , lebanon ) and eu affected countries , like greece and italy . 
   the core issue here is that if you make it opt-out greek could be completely isolated with this problem . 
  the political , demographic and climate prospects of the mena region and many other african countries are pessimistic in the better scenario and disastrous in the worse scenario . 
  if we do n't come up with a hardline solution now , then the border countries are going to be isolated in the upcoming decades either way . 
  because even german and swedish public will eventually lose their humanitarian wishful thinking once they 're confronted with the reality . 
   hmmm ... that 's fair enough when you consider the v4 countries as one block with shared interests . 
  we 're a unified bloc when it comes to migration/refugee policy . 
  in other areas not so much . 
   i 'd not usually look at it that way because for example the czech republic feels a lot closer to us already than poland ( pis ) or hungary ( orban ) when it comes to who is currently in charge . 
  again , when it comes to migration , we 're opposing germany 's policy just as much as hungary and poland , we 're simply a bit more diplomatic about it and we have not picked other fights with the commission , like poland and hungary did , so you just do n't hear about us that much . 
  however as i said , the overall attitude towards measures like the refugee quotas is n't that much different from poland 's or hungary 's both among the politicians and among the public . 
  as for the overall attitude towards the eu - the czech public is actually way more eurosceptic than polish and hungarian public . 
  it 's just that our political representation is currently way less radical when it comes to foreign policy issues than polish and hungarian political representation . 
   if orban tomorrow says : `` fuck the eu we 're gone , sup russia ? 
  '' , would slovakia or the czech republic really follow suit ? 
  no , of course not , however it 's not like orb\u00e1n intends to do such a thing . 
   being equal should mean respecting majority decisions and not trying to boycott them while stirring up anti-eu sentiment . 
  you have it the other way around , at least in the case of the czech republic - the public sentiment is overwhelmingly against taking mena refugees , therefore politicians just ca n't accept refugee quotas , that 's as if a german politician proposed to stop austerity and make more big financial transfers to the south . 
  it just is n't politically possible here . 
  the eu is pushing somewhere where we just ca n't take a step back and as a result , it 's stirring anti-eu sentiments on its own . 
  it does n't even need our politicians helping with that . 
   again we 're in a spot where i consider opt-outs of something like distribution of refugees extremely dangerous to the union as a whole - more dangerous than the threat of some countries leaving because of this . 
  i do n't agree with this at all . 
  the refugee quotas are a silly measure anyway , it 's not gon na help solving anything , so risking more countries leaving because of it would be pretty stupid . 
  it does n't really make a lot of sense to say that germany exports `` only '' 1,8 % of your exports to hungary , since hungary is a much smaller country than germany , so of course its economy ca n't absorb as much german exports as the us or french economy . 
  however if you count all v4 countries together , we import more german exports than france or the us . 
  v4 already is a hugely important market for you now , not just in the future . 
  just like germany is an important market for us . 
  this is already a mutually beneficial relationship , it is n't just some long-term investment for you , you already benefit from it at this very moment . 
  and i 'm not even mentioning how we companies , including german ones , are taking billions of euro out of our economies back to their home countries in the form of dividents . 
  so no , it does n't make sense to say that you expect more from cee countries , just because of the eu funds . 
  the eu funds are just easily visible and easily understandable flow of money . 
  that does n't mean that there are n't other less visible flows of money from which we massively profits . 
  it is n't bad here , but when a greek , italian or a spaniard makes a decision to move out and the options are germany , the uk , scandinavia , benelux ... than not that many people will decide to come to czechia . 
  the resolution was formulated as broad as possible , basically it is more of a resolution condemning genocides in general , although it does mention the armenian case specifically . 
  i suppose the formulation was chosen this way in order to avoid triggering turkey too much and i guess that worked - no erdogan 's rants so far , only an angry statement from the turkish ministry of foreign affairs came as a reaction . 
  nope , he will only asks us to . 
  how polite , right ? 
  he 's all for women choosing what they want to wear , yet this probably applies to muslim women only . 
  in case of non-muslim women , he apparently feels entitled to recommend us how we should express our solidarity . 
  well dear mr. president , i would rather express my solidarity with women living in certain muslim majority countries , where they truly have no choice but to cover themselves up , by not wearing something which i see as degrading to women . 
  it would be cool if he could stop recommending women what to do . 
  if he wants to express solidarity so badly , he can wear it himself . 
   i 'm not in the mood to argue but let me tell you that this is quite insulting to me . 
  i 'm not even austrian , but i find it insulting as well . 
  i have no idea why a person would come to a friendly `` what do you know about austria '' thread just to say that austrian nation does n't really exist and you should just join germany . 
  that 's so rude . 
  that 's not true , we voted against it in the council , but we were outvoted because it was voted by the qualitative majority . 
  it 's a nonsense , we did n't vote for it in the council . 
  it was voted through the qualitative majority , we voted against it . 
   i mean , what part of the eu treaties does it violate ? 
  it 's not clear whether it violates any eu legislation , the court will have to determine that . 
  i would really like to tell you more , but as i said , we have n't filed the law suit yet . 
  our interior ministry also has n't revealed yet what our specific objections will be . 
  they just used vague phrases . 
   what about passing an update to the amendment to the directive that relaxes the objectionable bits ? 
  not sure about this . 
  i think from the legal point of view , we will go for `` the action for annulment '' , which basically means that if the court decided in our favour , the entire directive can get annuled . 
  but it 's also possible to annul only the parts which are found to be against the law . 
  however , i 'm not really all that familiar with the situation and we will really have to wait before the directive is officially published , because only then we 'll be able to file the lawsuit , so after that we 'll know more . 
  we can for example argue that the directive is in conflict with some other european legislation and thus it 's unlawful . 
  if the court found it unlawful , then the whole directive would have to be cancelled . 
  but i 'm not a lawyer and the law suit has n't been filed yet , so we do n't really know what 's in it and what our exact arguments are . 
  it was n't meant to be an exception or a veto . 
  we do n't have any veto in this . 
  we 're just simply filing a law suit against the decision , but it 's not yet clear what our argumenation will be . 
   i think that as the world grows ever more threatening , europeans will look to each other and realise that their neighbours are not so bad in the end , and that banding together with the devil you know is better than to face the coming storm on their own . 
  i do n't think this is the main problem . 
  that europeans see their neighbours as bad . 
  again , at least from my perspective , there is really no hostility against our neighbours , or any other eu member countries for that matter . 
  but not feeling a hostility does n't mean feeling the same level of affinity as to your own country . 
  i like other european countries and wish them all well , but i still hold my country first , because this is where my home is and where i feel like i belong . 
  i do n't have this same feeling in other european countries . 
  i agree that pragmatically the eu is useful in many different ways and that 's why i 'm supportive of it , but i do n't have the kind of emotional attachment towards it as i do to my country . 
  but that 's just my point of view . 
  edit : sorry , forgot - thanks for the conversation too .
