  it is n't really important what other ano members think . 
  babi\u0161 is ano and everyone knows that . 
  ano policies will be whatever babi\u0161 decides . 
  in other words , we 'll end up with a government with even tougher stance on this issue than the current one . 
  obviously i 'm pretty worried about the possibility of okamura 's party getting in the government , on the other hand , it 's probably inevitable that babi\u0161 becomes the next pm anyway , so it will at least be kinda amusing to see him trying to settle this with the commission . 
   about corruption ... would the people of the v4 agree with the mcv ? 
  if this happened back then in 2004 , i 'd be absolutely happy about it and i think the majority of czechs would n't mind either , back then the eu was pretty popular here . 
  nowadays it probably would n't be accepted and frankly i do n't think it would help anymore . 
  we have managed to built at least somewhat functioning network of police and state prosecutors which go after the most obvious cases and hopefully the newly-formed eu public prosecutor will help us with that as well . 
  the problem is that the politicians mostly are n't complete idiots , they get more and more sophisticated , the big fishes are n't doing the primitive kind of corruption - just offering and receiving bribes , they nowadays use much smarter and less obvious methods to gain more power and influence . 
  often these methods are shady , using legal loopholes , so they ca n't even be legally prosecuted . 
  and i do n't think that the eu would be able to help us with something like that . 
   so yeah ... 
  it is n't all honey and milk , but what would the alternative be ? 
  no alternative is better and you can say the same about the v4 too because being in the eea would be the same except you get no say in anything . 
  a full out exit without a trade deal would make v4 crash mostly . 
  you 're richer , but not rich enough and we 'll catch up one day if you do n't pay attention . 
  haha . 
  you 're right , there is n't any viable alternative . 
  that 's why no v4 country is actually interested in leaving the eu , not even hungary . 
   while sometimes discriminatory , a lot of people trust the eu more than they trust our current government because they are a circus . 
  again , i get it , but this is not how it is here . 
  we do n't trust neither the eu , nor our government . 
   on the other hand , why does n't hungary and poland take part in the eppo ? 
  do the people of these countries , who see the corruption , not wonder why ? 
  what would finally make them say `` enough '' ? 
  like i do n't mean to be rude either , but if the people are going to be silent and let the leaders sabotage them , ai n't nobody going to solve their problems for them . 
  there really is n't much they can do . 
  they do n't control their governments and if orb\u00e1n and kaczynski do n't want to join eppo , then the people ca n't force them . 
  the eppo initiative in general is n't some high-profile thing in v4 , hardly anyone even knows about it , let alone what it is about , so we 're back at the problem of the lack of information . 
  frankly poland and hungary would need if someone just imposed eppo over them , just like the eu imposed mcv over you , but that 's not gon na happen . 
   wait ... do i have my info wrong ? 
  i heard hungary was the biggest net receiver ? 
  or maybe per capita ? 
  i do n't remember , i might be wrong . 
  when i said `` we '' i meant the czech republic , not hungary . 
  the czech republic is the closest to the average gdp in the eu out of v4 countries which is what determines how much money you 're allocated . 
  that 's why we 're also the closest ( for now ) to becoming a net-payer . 
   but there 's internet out there and while not everyone has internet , a lot of people do and still prefer to not inform themselves before they form an opinion . 
  without language skills , your options of informing yourself are quite limited . 
  but i agree that many people simply do n't bother at all . 
  but that 's the case in all countries in the world . 
   you also understand that there will be people in other states who will get mad if the v4 get away with this without any consequences ? 
  then those people will be the ones asking `` why do these country get to do that ? '', 
  well the commission has not always been super consistent in enforcing their rules and so far we have all survived that , so i do n't think it would be some massive problem for the eu . 
  but yeah , i get that it might piss some people off . 
  but it 's not something that would destabilize their domestic political scenes or cause them some significant political disruptions . 
  it is a destabilizing factor in our case and obviously i 'm primarely concerned about the political situation in my country . 
   yeah , i know , but even they do n't go as far as to have an anti eu rhetoric . 
  you 're a fresher member state and you need the eu more than hungary , poland or the czech republic do . 
  do n't take this as an insult to romania please , i have lots of respect for your country , but the reality is that you 're poorer and thus in more need of the eu cohesion structure to work well in the future , you are in a more vulnerable geopolitical situation , so you have more to fear from fragmentation of the eu and your population is more eu-friendly partly because the eu has a positive role in romania when it comes to fighting corruption . 
  on the contrary , hungary is n't worried about russia , in fact orb\u00e1n is a good buddy of putin , so he also is n't that worried about two-speed europe . 
  hungary is quite dependent on the eu funds , but they 're hardly seen 100 % positive in hungary , since they 're a massive source of corruption . 
  the reality is that the eu took the ( bad ) experience of helping with corruption in v4 countries and used this experience in romania , so i can see why romanians see it in a positive way , but the same thing never happened here or in hungary or slovakia . 
  we were left alone in this . 
  many people got very disillusioned with politics as a result . 
  in hungary it 's especially prevalent and it 's a big part of orb\u00e1n success . 
  in slovakia , the entire pro-eu establishment parties are corrupted to the bone . 
  so it absolutely is n't that pro-eu = corruption free and anti-eu = corrupt . 
  so i understand why you see the eu as a purely positive force , but you need to understand that this is n't the same everywhere . 
  in my country , the eu never made any significant actions to help us with corruption . 
  we 're also not that far away from net-contributing position at this point , specially since the uk is leaving , so the average gdp in the eu will go down . 
  therefore , the politicians do n't feel such a need to just blindly accept whatever the eu says . 
   if people are uneducated on the matter , it 's hardly eu 's fault . 
  if people were more in touch with how the eu works and what has happened to lead to this whole thing , maybe they would n't be so quick to judge the eu . 
  well , you can say that it is n't the eu 's fault that people do n't understand the eu very well , but that 's what the reality is . 
  and how are they supposed to understand it ? 
  most can hardly speak english , they 're not rich enough to make frequent abroad vacations and in poland and hungary , most medias have some sort of ( left-wing , right-wing ) bias , so the people do n't even have any access to objective news . 
  not to mention , even if the eu managed to explain the people its position better , most would n't change their minds anyway . 
  there 's simply nothing you can say to them which would convince them to agree to muslim refugees coming to our country . 
  they 're scared of islam and that 's it , you can not convince people to accept something they view as a threat to their lifestyle . 
   then it means that the majority of hungarians agree with him ? 
  because i keep hearing hungarians saying that orban 's party is not very popular in hungary . 
  how come ? 
  and if it is popular , why ? 
  the majority ? 
  but sufficient number of hungarians support him for him to win elections with a solid margin . 
  orb\u00e1n has managed to change the electoral system in his favour and what also massively helps him is the incompetence of his opposition . 
  the hungarian left has managed to completely discredit itself because of corruption scandals and general incompetence and orb\u00e1n has managed to seize the opportunity , so now there simply is n't any viable and strong alternative to him . 
  this means that anti-orb\u00e1n people largely remain apathethic and just do n't go to elections at all . 
  i mean , you being from romania ca n't possible be unfamiliar with such a situation , since in your last elections , psd has managed to score , what over 40 % ? 
  because your educated young people mostly did n't show up to vote . 
  and obviously as you mentioned , there 's also jobbik , which is causing orb\u00e1n to take more and more right-wing positions , because he does n't want to lose votes to them . 
  they are for now the most serious threat to him . 
  and then there 's the eu , with their refugee quotas fucking everything up even more , because now even people who would perhaps not vote for orb\u00e1n will say : `` well , he 's the lesser evil , the other pro-eu parties would flood is with muslim immigrants '' . 
  orb\u00e1n does n't really even need to try that hard . 
  he 's a skilled power hungry politician , but even if he was n't that skilled - others are really doing the job for him . 
  i do n't appreciate him as a politician , on the contrary , he 's a fucking disaster for hungarian democratic culture , but that 's no reason to call him a lunatic . 
  a lunatic would be someone that acts completely irrationaly and you ca n't say that about orb\u00e1n . 
  you simply ca n't deny that he has been able to secure a very strong position in hungary and he has been able to keep it . 
  so far , it does n't seem like he 's going to lose it any time soon . 
  he knows what he is doing , he is n't some insane nutjob . 
  orb\u00e1n is n't a lunatic at all . 
  he definitely does n't back down as easily as romanians politicians , but that does n't mean he never backs down . 
  he has just recently backed down a little bit over ceu . 
  in fact , he has been able to get such a dominant position in hungary precisely because he knows when to play hard and when it 's necessary to back down . 
   but others just want votes , power and money at the expense of other people . 
  that 's like the exact description of orb\u00e1n . 
   maybe they slipped through system . 
  yeah , because the system is shit .
