  partly correct , yes . 
  but it 's not the only reason . 
  we have elections in october , so there 's pretty much zero chance that the government would move an inch on this issue . 
  of course it 's partly an internal thing . 
  people over here overwhelmingly refuse the quotas , so the politicians do n't want to accept them , because it would cost them votes . 
  at the same time , it 's not just an internal issue . 
  accepting the quotas could set a precedent and encourage the commission to try to push through a pernament relocation scheme , which is the main thing we want to avoid at all costs . 
  well , then , if it went according to our law , they would have to learn czech . 
  which is exactly what the baltics want from the ethnic russians living in their countries and what many of those russians refuse to do . 
  so they ca n't get the citizenship . 
  just like they would n't get it here , if they refused to learn czech . 
  nobody really knows what happened with those 12 people , whether they 're still in the country or not . 
  however the majority of the iraqi christians that we accepted directly from the refugee camps in the middle east did leave the czech republic . 
  also , the quota system does n't really prevent people from leaving their assigned countries . 
  there are plenty of documented cases of people leaving the baltic countries or portugal . 
   if you have n't noticed , we have around 200k ex-soviet citizens ( mostly ukrainians and russians ) who came here in the last 25 years . 
  we do n't have problem with them and they speak czech or broken czech . 
  uhm , okay and that somehow means that we should ignore all our laws about the requirements for a czech citizenship and we should just automatically hand it over to some random number of russians living in the baltics ? 
  even though they have spend zero time in the czech republic , speak zero czech and have no ties to the czech republic . 
  frankly , i 'm reading this whole thread in a disbelief . 
  so many misinformed , ignorant people lecturing the baltics from their ` high moral ground ' when they seem to know pretty much nothing about the actual situation . 
  those people really need to get off their high horse . 
  are you crazy ? 
  you would support people who have no ties to our country , no czech language skills , who probably know very little about the czech republic to gain czech citizenship out of nowhere ? 
  like seriously , wtf , why on earth should we be handing citizenship to them ? 
  yep , i also do not trust the eu in these matters . 
  i saw the edit , but to me , this it does n't mean that the card issued in one eu country is applicable in all other eu countries , is just means that all eu countries ( excluding denmark , ireland and the uk ) decided to participate in issuing the cards , but that does n't mean they also agreed to recognizing blue cards issued by other countries . 
  i mean , the very fact that the member states are allowed to not do it , without facing any consequences from the commission shows that the directive does n't oblige them do to so . 
  if this was n't the case , then the commission could start infringement procedures against the member countries , but that is n't happening . 
  again , i get that this is dissapointing , but that 's just how it is . 
  it has its cons , but on the other hand i totally understand why the member countries do not want to lose the control over who is allowed to come to their countries . 
   the eu 's own website for the blue card touted the fact that the card is a competitor to the usa 's green card . 
  i mean , i 'm sure that 's how eu 's pr department played it , but authorities in member countries were always responsible for issuing the blue card and the card was always applicable only in the country that issued it . 
   part of the problem , and what you 've mentioned , stems from the fact that the power structure in the eu is bottom up . 
  the member states exist independent of the eu and can do so even if the eu ceases to exist . 
  this is in contrast to the federal structure of a country such as the usa , for example . 
  well yeah , because unlike the us , the eu is n't a country . 
  the member countries are sovereign entities , even though they voluntarily chose to hand over some parts of that sovereignity to the eu , non-eu work migration is just not one of those things . 
  from my perspective , that 's not a problem , i would n't want my country to cease being a sovereign country and i would not want it to hand over the authority over work migration to the eu . 
  that 's because the eu simply does n't have the authority over non-eu work migration . 
  member countries are in charge of that . 
  so it does n't really make any sense to say as a non-eu foreigner `` i want to move to the eu to work there as a skilled migrant '' . 
  that 's just not how it works . 
  you are expected to pick a specific country and you 're supposed to stay there . 
  the same way , if you were granted a work permit in canada , you could not just move to australia and start working there . 
  the eu just is n't one country . 
  it 's true that the eu reached a quite significant level of integration , but non-eu migration is still in hands of individual member states and this is how you have to look at it . 
  you seem to have come to the eu with unrealistic expectations of how it would work and i understand that you 're dissapointed now , but you really should have made yourself more familiar with the rules before you came . 
   do you think that the people who flee to germany from thousands of kilometers away know about the laws and legal frameworks in germany ? 
  no , but i think the human traffickers are using the ` sucess stories ' of other migrants/refugees to lure in more customers for themselves . 
  it does n't matter if 90 % of maghreb migrants are rejected , what matters is how many of them get deported . 
  if the number of deported people is low , then the smugglers can use it as a prove that people are allowed to stay in germany . 
  your message towards the migrants matters . 
  it will make a difference whether you 're seen as a welcoming or unwelcoming country . 
   we do n't want to deal with millions of asylum seekers , and we would rather not have to take care of hundreds and thousands of people who wo n't leave the country quickly . 
  i did n't mean to say that you specifically want millions of asylum seekers in your country . 
  i said that german people can decide about how their immigration/asylum laws are set up . 
  it 's your business how you run your country . 
  as long as you do n't try to force your view on other european countries , you can arrange your system in whatever way you prefer that is allowed by the german constitution . 
  i do n't really know what you mean by the ` fantastic ideas of other europeans and afd ' , but i certainly do n't think that we should be telling germany how to run your immigration policy . 
  i think each european country should be allowed to be in charge of its own immigration policy . 
  thank you for the comprehensive response , i appreciate it . 
   but even the best and most comprehensive legal framework wo n't prevent that some rejected asylum seekers will stay in the country for a very long time , and especially for such cases we need a proper immigration law that gives these people a chance to become a part of society or at least take something worthwhile from their time in our society , like completing an education for example . 
  without such an immigration framework that even includes rejected asylum seekers , these people will just live at the fringes of our society , never contribute to anything in a meaningful away and probably do stupid things while they wait to be deported . 
  about that - while i completely understand your line of reasoning , i think all efforts should be directed at deporting rejected asylum seekers . 
  if you give these people free education and other benefits , you will only incentive others to come and try their luck . 
  but i get that them being in school or at work is better than if they went on a criminal path . 
  however i worry that if this becomes a more prevalent thing , which it might , given that germany has big troubles with deporting people to countries that do not want to accept their citizens , it might work as another pull-factor . 
  however it 's your country and your immigration system , so you can do whatever you want with it . 
  if this is what german citizens want , then so be it . 
   for example , the nazis used the records from before the czech republic part of czechoslovakia was occupied to find and detain jews . 
  that is correct , though i believe that most people would n't specifically mention this particular case , it 's more so something that just is uncounsciously in the collective czech national memory . 
  it 's not just nazis , we had problematic relations with foreign authorities centuries before that . 
  at the same time , it 's kind of ironic , because another thing that our history taught is that when you get abandoned by your allies , it ends catastrophically . 
  so i 'd say most czechs do realize that we need to be alligned with the west , they would just prefer if the allience could only work on the security and economic level , sort of like nato + the single market . 
  we ( as the czech people ) never asked to be included in some european federal state , we certainly never wanted to be told by someone in brussels who we should accept into our country . 
  this is not the deal that was sold here before the referendum in 2003 , so i guess we ca n't be suprised when people grow dissatisfied with the eu . 
  you think you 're the only country active in the conflict zones ? 
  my country has troops in afghanistan and mali , it also has a medic team and air force training team in iraq . 
  my country is also one of the few eu countries which still have an embassy in syria and this embassy helps distibuting humanitarian help . 
  other cee countries help out in the middle east as well . 
  we do not refuse to contribute to the efforts to stabilize the conflict zones . 
   applying a different interpretation of the circumstances in this case would not have consequences for other cases . 
  how so ? 
  from what you explained i understand that ( correct me if i 'm wrong ) , the only reason why their deportation from germany might have been halted was because they already spend a long time in germany , which means that the reasons for their deportation ( according to them ) are no longer relevant . 
  then what is stopping others from stalling their process and using exactly the same argumentation - i.e. 
  `` we have already been living here for x years , we have children here , who consider germany their home , who do n't know our home country ... '' if you accepted this argumentation , then you would open a big space for abuse of the system . 
  you ca n't have people thinking that they can just come to germany , apply for an asylum , make a kid or two , use every possible option to appeal a negative decision , drag the entire process for years and then get away with it , because they have already lived in germany for years . 
  if this was possible , you can be certain that others would start doing it as well . 
   you ca n't blame the parents for using all the legal means that they had to fight for their future in germany . 
  the legal means are there for the cases when a wrong decision is made , so that it can be corrected . 
  it is n't there for people who just wish to stay in germany as long as possible even though they have no valid claim to do so . 
  these people probably knew very well that they do n't qualify as refugees , there was n't any wrong decision in their case . 
  they still decided to file an appeal , which was their right , but it was n't their right to have this appeal accepted . 
  which is what eventually happened and since they now exhausted all legal means , they have to leave germany . 
  it sucks massively for their daughter , but it was their decision to not respect the initial rulings , so the parents have only themselves to blame . 
  the german authorities only followed german law . 
  if you decided not to follow you own laws , because in this particular example , it is tough on the girl , then you might as well accept everyone as a refugee . 
  well old people are not vocal on facebook , because ... well , they 're mostly not on facebook . 
  and obviously in all demographic groups , you 'll always have people with all sorts of opinions and usually those who have extreme opinions , regardless of the direction , tend to voice their opinions online .
