  there are many other dictators in the world , some just as brutal as saddam . 
  that does n't mean we should just recklessly invade any country which is under the rule of a brutal dictator . 
  military interventions should only happen either when the dictator is a significant threat to you or your allies or when you actually have a good plan on how to proceed after the defeat of the dictator and you 're also willing to implement this plan . 
  if not , then you should stay out of there , because you 're risking that you wo n't improve the situation one bit . 
   we have not seen what iraq will be when it stabilizes but there is still hope for the future . 
  you invaded in 2003 . 
  the initial stage of war was over very quickly . 
  it 's now 14 years and iraq is nowhere close to stability . 
  they 're still fighting a war within their own country . 
  you 're right that we do n't know how the situation in iraq will develop , however from my perspective , the prospects look very bad . 
  i apologize if i sound arrogant telling you this , since you have actual first-hand experience , while i do n't , but this is just how i see it . 
  please do n't take it personally though , i have nothing against the american military forces , i just simply do n't think the decision to go to iraq was very well-planned . 
   i agree and i think in the uk this is something that our government is very aware of . 
  this speech was made by our minister of defence yesterday and it might be interesting for you . 
  it is a stronger criticism of russia than even we are used to . 
  yeah , i 've read about that speech . 
  it is nice to see that the uk is taking this seriously . 
  we have also recently established a special unit at the interior ministry that is supposed to counter false stories spread on czech internet . 
  we 'll see whether that will be anyhow useful , i have my doubts about that , but it 's better than nothing . 
  the saddest thing about this though is that the unit immediately came under criticism of our president , who - surprise - has very close ties to russia . 
  fortunately he 's only a figure head president and the actual power is held by the government , but still - the fact that we have a pro-kremlin president who is manipulating the public debate ever since he got in the office and only now we 're setting up a unit to fight russian influence clearly shows that we 're waking up way too late . 
  in october we have general elections and in the early 2018 we have the presidential elections . 
  in the general elections , none of the parties currently polling above the treshold are openly pro-russian ( well , apart from the communists , but that 's the case of every single post-89 election , they keep consistently coming at 10-15 % and everybody keeps ignoring them ) , so i do n't really expect that much of russian meddling , but the presidential elections will be a shitshow , i can already see that now . 
  i mean , the current president has not yet even annouced whether he 'll run for the office again ( it 's generally expected that he will ) , but already his currently most prominent opponent has said that his campaign team will have to put a great focus on defending him against russian disinformation campaigns . 
  and it basically already started , there were pictures of him spread on czech facebook with completely made-up quotes , or quotes taken out of context trying to create the impression that he supports accepting mena migrants into the czech republic . 
  and i do n't even support this guy so much but i already feel pretty bad for him just knowing how much his name will be dragged through the mud in the upcoming months . 
   but for the moment i still have confidence that our weird uk system of an unwritten and evolving constitution , a mad and aggressive press , bishops in our parliament and a state religion , first past the post elections and the common law , small celtic nations attached to a large english nation , will somehow hold together in a strongly democratic way under the reign of elizabeth ii ... 
  i 'll be keeping my fingers crossed for you , 
   from the uk 's perspective , we can contribute to this debate and struggle with our eu allies and friends once we are outside the eu . 
  let 's be pragmatic here . 
  yeah , absolutely , this is a huge challenge . 
  and it 's unprecedented since the new technologies provided russia with tools that were n't previously available . 
  from the czech perspective i do n't really worry too much about a possible next prague spring . 
  the world changed since 1968 , russia has different and much cheaper options to reach their goals . 
  of course brute force is still important , but using it is risky and expensive . 
  and russia is very good at this hybrid/propaganda warfare methods . 
  they mastered the techniques first in countries close to them where they have a specific pro-kremlin audience , like in georgia , ukraine and the baltics . 
  then they moved to other central-eastern european countries and finally to you as well . 
  russia is nowadays extremely good at playing their cards right - they may have way more limited resources than the west , but they can use them way more efficiently . 
  i always thought though that the west will show to be more resilient than us , since as i said , the democracies in cee countries are way more vulnerable . 
  but as i can see on the us example , western democracies are not necessarily immune to this either . 
  sometimes there simply are things to be criticized about the us foreign policy , but i agree that in other times the criticism can also be unfair and often you do n't get the credit you deserve . 
  for example you can hardly be surprised that you get criticism because of your foreign policy in the middle east . 
  or would you expect people from the middle east to thank you after the mess you left in iraq that made space for isis ? 
  this indirectly affects europe as well , since we have to deal with the refugee flows . 
  i 'm not saying that before american interventions the middle east was a bastion of peace , but you have to admit that the iraq war only made the situation worse . 
  as for american activity in asia , i do n't really know enough about that , so i do n't want to comment whether the criticism is deserved or not . 
  as for europe - i see the american activity here as an important stabilizing factor and i agree that this often is n't really recognized enough . 
  people tend to focus a lot on the fact that stable europe serves american interests as well , but the truth is that it is only crucially important for the us that the big rich western european countries stay under the us sphere of influence . 
  having the other parts of europe under the us security umbrella also brings some benefits , but it 's not really absolutely necessary for the us . 
  it 's actually more so the western europe who got the most economic benefits from integrating cee europe in the western institutions . 
  acting like a benevolent hegemon is not very easy , since it simply means that while the benefits are shared among all under this hegemony , the costs are mostly falling on the hegemon . 
  that obviously is n't the ideal situation for the hegemon , but the alternative - giving up the hegemony altogether or starting a non-benevolent hegemony - is not necessarily better . 
  i see that trump is probably trying to force europe to bear more of the costs - which is understandable . 
  however he 's doing it in a such a hostile way that makes europe feel threatened . 
  we will have to see how the whole situation evolves , maybe it will calm down . 
  but if he really tries to dismantle the eu or start a trade war with germany , then i would n't be surprised if european countries came to the conclusion that the us hegemony no longer works for us . 
  not because we would like to do that , but because we 'll be left with no other choice if trump pushes too far . 
   to me what keeps peace is democracy . 
  democracy only keeps peace between other democracies . 
  and even in that case we can argue whether it 's the nature of democracy that keeps peace between democracies , or whether it 's the increased trade ties , or whether it 's the institutionalized european order . 
  in democracy-non democracy relation none of this applies . 
  democracies have been at war with non-democracies very often . 
  thus democracy does n't protect us against russia . 
  it also does n't protect us against hostile actions of other democracies , that might not escalate into violence , but can still be very damaging to us . 
  eu keeps the multilateral order in europe . 
  of course countries like germany and france are having a strong word due to their size , but they at least theoretically have to abide by the same rules as all other eu countries . 
  and they mostly do , even though i admit that there are cases when rules in the eu are not applied equally . 
  but it 's still better than a situation when everyone 's on its own . 
   but the uk already had a strong and entrenched democracy so we just do n't believe that the eu is necessary for democracy . 
  from our perspective our democracy has in fact been undermined by eu membership . 
  i understand that . 
   i also think there is also a serious risk that eu membership undermines democracy in other eu countries too ( particularly greece with what we have seen with the eurozone crisis ) . 
  the situation of greece is indeed fucked up , but it 's again a situation where the eu gets a lot of blame , even though it was mostly germany 's insistence on austerity and absolute refusal of any debt relief which was the main problem . 
  plus obviously greece is n't blameless in this either . 
   but i wonder if eu membership will always be the best thing for your democracy ? 
  do you think that democracy in your country would be undermined if you left the eu or do you think you could have a healthy democracy outside the eu ? 
  the eu does n't have a whole lot of influence on the standards of our democracy anymore . 
  we 're not under the same kind of supervision that romania is . 
  that does n't mean our democracy is perfect . 
  it 's far from that . 
  we have relatively functioning institutions , but my big worry is the lack of democratic culture , which you simply ca n't just establish overnight . 
  and without this democratic culture , the institutions will always be vulnerable to abuse . 
  but i do n't really want to start on our democracy standards . 
  i would end up writing a wall of text and i do n't want to bore you to death with czech domestic policy  basically the tldr version is that while we 're doing better than hungary or poland , there are certainly many things to worry about and we 're far from the level of established western democracies . 
  we 're on our own on this in the sense that the eu is n't directly involved in here and as we can see on the cases of hungary and poland , if a country decides to go rogue , there is n't much that the eu can do about it . 
  however i still consider the eu membership important to our democracy , since it at least provides some protection against direct russia 's attempts to meddle . 
  that does n't mean that russia is n't active in trying the destabilize us , but i think that if we were n't in the eu they would have a much easier time to do this . 
   and would you be really worried about danger from germany ? 
  no , that 's why i said that the eu is one of the reasons why i do n't worry . 
  the other reason is that the mentality of germans changed so much after ww2 that i can hardly imagine them ever starting another war . 
  still it 's nice to have some back-up control in the form of the eu . 
   if your country considered itself exceptional in some way , my reaction would be like , oh that is great , they do things differently over there in czechia . 
  we find it really surprising that most countries are n't exceptional in fact . 
  i know that you do not mean it , but this is kind of offensive . 
  just because we 're in the eu does n't mean that we ca n't maintain characteristics that are unique to us . 
  i 've traveled to many eu countries and so far , i can say that all have been , in a way , exceptional , just not in the way the uk is . 
  i do n't see the eu as a force that is stealing our cultural uniqueness . 
   it was n't just that we thought the deal was n't good enough for us , we were really surprised that you thought that the deal was good enough for you . 
  and we 're back at what the eu means for you and for continenal europeans .
