  i 'm not saying that russia would launch an attack on the entire eastern europe the next day , but they would get way more assertive . 
  western europeans often say that we 're paranoid , but we know the russian mentality . 
  it 's not just putin , it 's the public as well , just look at any polls , most russian would like to restore soviet union . 
  i 'm not really blaming them , they are fed bullshit by russian media and the only attempt at changing the country left the ordinary russians in a terrible poverty in the 90s . 
  they still see what happened as a huge injustice caused by the west and are quite happy to go back to `` good , old times '' . 
  if the us decided that they are out of europe for good , it would be basically like saying to russia - do whatever you want , we are not gon na stop you . 
  putin is not an idiot of course , he knows acting too rashly in that case could force western europe to respond , so he would use salami tactics . 
  he might start forcing the baltic countries to have a similar status like finland during the cold war and slowly turning them into satellite states . 
  he might try using the same hybrid war tactics like in ukraine if they resisted . 
  i do n't believe western europe would stop him . 
  they would not risk getting in war with russia without the us backing them . 
  people in the uk , spain or france do n't care enough about people in estonia or latvia to be willing to let their countries get dragged into a possibly horrible war with uncertain result . 
  specially since they know france and uk have nukes and putin will not risk touching the western europe . 
  they would not be very happy about it , it would hurt them as well , since there are already close trade ties between the western and eastern europe , but it would n't be worth starting a war . 
  they would put some new sanctions on russia , but russian people are very resilient and i 'm pretty sure they would be willing to put up with a lot if this meant that their old empire got restored . 
  countries like estonia or latvia with 1-2 million people ca n't be expected to face russia without any support . 
  the rest of eastern europe would have to decide whether to get involved militarily and make themselves the next target while knowing there will be no support from the western europe . 
  in the worst-case munich-like scenario we might actually be pressured by western countries to not start any serious conflict to `` keep peace for our time '' . 
  and if putin got away with it in the baltics , he would likely try similar tactics in other countries . 
  he probably would not start a war in poland , or in my country . 
  but just the threat that he could start it and possibly get away with it would force our countries to change our foreign policy to be more in line with russian interests so that we do n't provoke any russian intervention . 
  from this it is only one more step to manipulate the elections and install moscow-friendly government . 
  obviously this whole thing is just a speculation . 
  it might not happen . 
  europe might actually get its shit together and stand united against russia without the help of the us . 
  i do n't know what is the more likely scenario . 
  and since i 'm not certain what would happen , i would rather not find out the hard way . 
  it could have horrible consequences for my country . 
  so because of this , i 'm willing to put up with occasional fucks up of the us goverment like with the iraq war , i 'm absolutely fine with the us having bases in any nato european country , even though i realize they are not here to only protect europe and that they serve other american interests as well . 
  the us are still the most credible deterrent against russia , so it 's a good deal for us . 
  well it really looked like it wo n't be , the protestors got a lot of media coverage , but in the end , there were only a very few of them there . 
  you can check out more youtube videos , i think there were some 20k people in prague coming to say hello to the soldiers and the convoy was cheered on in other parts of the czech republic . 
  we do n't have any bases here , but us troops sometimes cross our country on their way to or from the baltics . 
  last year when the ukraine crisis was still pretty tensed , pro-russian propaganda tried to convince people to protest against the american convoy , but it went like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5kjnm8gg9x0 ) instead . 
  we also gave them [ a truck full of beer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prwcyaqb2lk ) . 
  you know , because they surely do n't have enough of that in germany :d however back in 2006-09 when there were discussions about building an anti-missile shield system in the czech republic and poland , most people here were against it fearing that if there ever was a conflict with russia , we would be the very first target . 
  obama administration then decided to cancel the project anyway and while in poland they were n't very happy about that , people here were mostly relieved . 
  well i do n't know about all europeans , but at least in my country i would say that the vast majority of people are totally ignorant on the topic , most are vaguely aware that there is a conflict between the israelis and palestinians and that 's about it . 
  if you asked them who they support in the conflict , the most common answer would be `` dunno '' followed by `` neither of them '' . 
  from those who would actually pick a side , most would pick israel over palestine . 
  from a local from brno : the city is full of both local and international students , so it 's very easy to make friends . 
  the city centre is quite small , you can pretty much walk everywhere , but at the same time it has everything you need - very nice caf\u00e9s , pubs , restaurants , night clubs and bars , supermarkets , theathers , cinemas , malls and so on . 
  public transportation works smoothly . 
  younger generation usually speaks english , older people not so much , but you would n't really have to worry about learning czech , as i said , there are tons of international students + expats working at international companies and most of them get by just fine with only english . 
  it 's pretty much as safe as a city can get , the cost of living is quite low , on the other hand it does n't really have as many historical sights and the city is in general kinda less fancy and less attractive to tourists than vienna or krakow . 
  what i really like though are the good train/bus connections between brno and other cities in the region - it 's cca 2,5 hours to prague , 2 hours to vienna , 1,5 hours to bratislava , 4 hours to budapest , so it 's easy to travel around . 
  it 's quite easy for students to find a part-time job here , even though i 'm not sure if that 's your plan , since medicine is usually one of the most time-consuming fields . 
  i knew a swedish guy who studied medicine at masaryk university and he was busy all the time :d i guess you already did some reasearch about the universities , but just in general - masaryk university is the second biggest in cz and as far as i 'm concerned the students there are usually pretty much satisfied with the quality of education provided . 
  i 'm sure you would n't have a problem with finding a job in germany or other western european country with a medicine diploma from masaryk university , since that 's what a quite a lot of the graduates do nowadays . 
  but i guess this goes for the other universities you listed as well . 
  anyway , i 'm not really sure what else to mention about brno , if you have any specific questions , feel free to ask . 
  i do n't know nearly enough about this to give you some meaningful insight on all of your questions . 
  but to answer the part about why gorbachev did n't go full brezhnev on the satellite states - i think this was really caused by the fact the ussr was broke . 
  they just could n't afford competing with the west anymore , they desperately needed cash and so they were willing to cooperate with the west in order to receive loans and financial help . 
  attacking eastern germany , czechoslovakia , poland and hungary would certainly destroy the freshly established and still very fragile cooperation between gorbachev and western politicians . 
  gorbachev was also preoccupied with the situation at home , the whole reform proccess was incredibly painful and difficult , the start i negotiations were taking place at the same time , so i can imagine gorbachev just did n't have the strength ad will to try to keep the satellite states in soviet sphere of influence by force . 
  at the same time , gorbachev was under the impression that communism is already deeply rooted in our societies , so he basically hoped we would more or less continue on the `` right '' track without the ussr having to intervene . 
  he did not want to let us go , he just did not have the means to prevent it from happening . 
  he still thought ( or at least hoped ) that we would somewhat remain connected to russia , in a similar way that ukraine was after the dissolution of ussr . 
  of course this was not the case at all , gorbachev deeply underestimated the resentment which people from the satellite states felt towards russia . 
  he thought we would in the worst case scenario try to become neutral countries , sort of like finland or austria . 
  at that time he certainly did not expect us to push for nato membership as soon as possible . 
  i would suppose that he eventually let the baltic countries go independent for the same reason - just really a combination of lack of will and capabilities + the desire to stay on good terms with the west . 
  but that would probably be best answered by someone from the baltic countries . 
  uhm , can i ask where are you from and what is your ethnic/religous background ? 
  because normally it 's not very acceptable to stare at anyone , at least as far as i 'm concerned . 
  but czechs are in general not comfortable with people dressing in a way , which shows their belonging to a certain religion ( since czechs are mostly atheists wearing visible religious symbols kinda draws attention to you ) . 
  some people are also not so used to see people of a different race . 
  but this is usually a problem in small towns/villages , not in prague , which is nowadays an international city . 
  i 'm really sorry you had this experience , it seems really weird , i honestly do n't know why would people stare at you , unless you unawarely acted strange in some way . 
  we are a pretty homogenous country , the only cultural split would probably be between bohemia and moravia + silesia . 
  people in moravia and silesia tend to be more religious than people from bohemia . 
  in bohemia beer is without a doubt the drink number one , in moravia wine is pretty popular too , even though beer probably still wins as well . 
  other than that , there is a quite big division between prague and the rest of the country . 
  prague is the richest region of the czech republic , the wages are higher there , people are more cosmopolitan , liberal and right-wing minded . 
  but i guess this kind of division between the capital city and the rest of the country exists in other countries as well . 
  yeah , if it only was that easy . 
  you are right , it 's extremely unlikely that russia would directly invade a nato country . 
  unfortunately they do n't have to do that to create a lot a of trouble for us . 
  they have other methods . 
  first of all they indirectly finance parties and politicans which serve their interests ( our figure-head president is one of them , his campaign financing is linked to people connected to lukoil ) , they create fake news reports ( recently the lisa case in germany ) trying to flame anti-eu , anti-refugee or anti-nato sentiments in european societies . 
  they are paying people to write pro-russian comments online ( if you do n't believe me , just google `` russian troll factories '' ) . 
  they are trying to undermine pro-european politicians . 
  our pm is probably the most moderate of v4 leaders when it comes to eu . 
  his personal e-mail has been hacked recently officially by a neo-nazi group , but it is now established that the attack was highly sophisticated and it is speculated that russia was behind it . 
  fortunately there was nothing scandalous in the e-mails , but some of the pro-russian websites still tried to blow the whole story out of proportions . 
  so yeah , our secret servises have been now warning for a few years that russian spying activities are icreasing to alarming levels . 
  it is perhaps less obvious in the west , as you guys are not the primary target , but here it is very present . 
  people do n't notice it/don ' t care that much , because they are way more worried about the refugee crisis . 
  but that does n't mean it does n't exist . 
  and unfortunately , the weaker europe is , the easier it is for putin to divide us even more . 
  the problem is , it is very hard to fight against this . 
  specially here , since our democracies are younger and thus more vulnerable . 
  yes , i know , but it could still create instability . 
  eu is fragile right now , with the refugee crisis , the greek crisis and the war in ukraine taking a heavy toll . 
  if britain decides to leave , it will fo sure not strenghten eu position , and weak eu means more opportunities for russia to destabilize not just ee countries , but basically all eu countries with their propaganda and with financing anti-eu parties . 
  but anyway , it 's still british decision and if they want to leave , it 's their choice , i certainly would n't be mad at them . 
  i understand a lot of their concerns , specially the ones about immigration . 
  if we got as many immigrants as britain , people here would be going crazy . 
  so yeah , i 'm not surprised that british people are not so keen on having thousands and thousands foreigners coming to their country .
