  it does n't always work obviously , but it does sometimes , so it 's definitely worth it . 
  the way i see there is no point in waiting for an ideal party to appear , which will suddenly fix stuff . 
  there is also no point in waiting for the general public to suddenly get educated and involved in public affairs . 
  in every society you will have a large number of people who simply do n't care about politics and you will have a large number of people who care , but are too resigned to do anything . 
  the first group is hopeless , but you can quickly get to second group on your side , if you make it super easy for them to get involved - so in this case all they have to do is to check the website and see who voted/didn ' t vote for what and decide according to that in the next elections . 
  they way it seems to be working in the czech republic , is that eu decides where the money should be generally spent and then they make them available to local authorities . 
  so for example if they decide they want to improve the level of language teaching in cz , they make the money available to the czech ministry for education and then the czech ministry comes up with some project on how to accomplish that goal ( so for example language courses abroad ) and the schools now can ask for the money . 
  someone has to arrange the courses - transportation for the kids , schooling expenses , possibly some trips with a guide and so on , so this is where the private companies profit . 
  from my experience there were rules on how to pick the private company - each school had to publish their lists of requirements ( so for example , we have 40 kids , we want to go to germany for 14 days , and have 20 lessons every week ) and then the private companies ( so in this case agencies focusing on organizing language courses abroad ) woud send their offer and the school had to choose the cheapest offer which fulfilled all the requierements . 
  so this is just one example how it works , i 'm not sure if it works the same in all eu countries . 
  this `` all parties are shit '' negativity is here as well and is not going anywhere , but that does n't mean nothing can be done . 
  before the last parliamentary elections , we were in a pretty bad situation , there were several corruption scandals and abuses of power ( the mistress of our pm literaly send our secret services to spy on pm 's wife - yes , really ) and the mood and overall resignation in the society was really bad . 
  this is when a group of anti-corruption activists started a new project - reconstruction of the state - under which they proposed several specific anti-corruption laws . 
  they did not just start a protest movement or a petition , they proposed specific steps how to improve the system . 
  then they contacted all the candidates and used the fact that before every election politicians love to say that they will fight corruption - and got almost all the candidates to sign a pledge that they will support the laws . 
  it got a lot of media coverage and all the mainstream parties publicly supported the project to make themselves look good . 
  so it 's now 2 and a half year after the election and 3 out of 9 laws are completely passed , several others are in the process of passing , some might not get passed - but still better than nothing . 
  the people running reconstruction are awesome , they constantly remind the mps what they signed , they go to all the meetings when these laws are discussed , they review all the proposals , they watch how every mp voted , create statistics and than they send that to all people who signed up for the newsletter , so that you know , who to vote for in the next election . 
  my point is - you do n't need perfect politicians to do something , you can start with creating the conditions for a better system . 
  there will always be bad politicians , the important thing is create a system , where the legislation and active society will not give them too much space . 
  similar thing happened in cz as well , previous government appointed new state prosecutors and gave them more power , they started to prosecute everyone , including the governmental politicians and the government collapsed . 
  the problem is that a lot of these prosecutions get dragged for years before anything is decided and it 's actually quite difficult to prove corruption if you do n't directly catch the person while giving/receiving the bribe . 
  so often what happens in cz is that there is a scandal , the person has to resign from whatever position he is in but does n't end up in jail in the end . 
  what nowadays gives me hope is the work of several czech ngos which actively push and lobby for new anti-corruption laws and already got 3 out of 9 passed with several others in the working process . 
  these laws should be focused on preventing corruption rather than punishing it . 
  corruption is not the only problem with eu funding though , the general incompetence is maybe even bigger issue . 
  i said in my original post that subsidies can work in non-profit areas , such as education , science or culture . 
  the same goes for areas where private companies will not invest because the profit is uncertain . 
  and yes , obviously , when the government needs to get something done , they can ask private companies for offers . 
  the problem is when eu decides ( and yeah , i know we are the eu as well and we have representatives in the brussels , the point was that officials in brussels no matter their nationality do n't always make smarter decisions on how to spent money than the free market would ) that europeans would be more healthy if they did more sports ( just a made-up example ) . 
  so suddenly czech ministry for local development gets a lot of money , but since the bureaucracy is slow and some of the local officials might be new or incompetent , everything gets delayed and we end up with a situation where we have to spend a lot of money very quickly otherwise we might lose them . 
  and that would n't be good , since people do n't like to hear it when politicians fail to use the money we got . 
  so , hurry up , we have to spend , spend , spend , so what do we do ? 
  well how about new routes for cyclists , there is no time to think of anything else and if we only do one big project then we will only have to make one tender . 
  so suddenly we are building cycling routes like crazy , we build more of them than we actually need and we quickly move to another last-minute spending . 
  i 've made this example up , but i have one personal experience with eu funds and it worked pretty much like this - no one cared to evaluate what benefits it will actually bring , the only goal was to get rid of the money quickly before the deadline passes , so that we can say that we spend the eu money . 
  this kinda left me with a feeling that the money could be used much better . 
  i do n't know how widespread this wasting of money is , but i would n't be surprised if it was not that uncommon . 
  well then i do n't know how all the scandals with eu money happened in my country ( and not just here ) . 
  but they did happen . 
  and the thing with the factory was just a simplified example . 
  what i was trying to say is that subsidies skew market . 
  they give someone an advantage over someone else . 
  that someone else does n't necessarily have to be less competent at what they do , they just might not know how the eu bureaucracy works . 
  and it 's not just that it gives advantage to one company over another , it also favours one area of business over another . 
  basically someone in the brussels decides where the money will go , so suddenly there are a lot of people doing business and being employed in this specific area , but what happens when the money are no longer being alocated there ? 
  suddenly you will have a lot of people without jobs . 
  i just do n't believe that subsidies are a good long-term solution , too many regulations are almost always harmful to free market . 
  yeah , or in the case of eastern and southern europe - you want eu money ? 
  bribe the officials in your country which are in charge of distributing the money . 
  and fuck your honest competitors who try to play fair . 
  i 'm glad we joined , but eu funds is something i feel really conflicted about . 
  i guess it 's good when it 's spent on education , science , sports , culture or other non-profit stuff , but in other cases i think it just encourages more corruption and i 'm really not sure what are the long term benefits . 
  i mean , let 's say a company gets eu money to build a new factory - well than other companies which did n't get the money will have to close down , because they wo n't be able to compete with the first company . 
  i know that eastern europe made a big economic progress since joining , but i do n't believe eu subsidies are the main reason why . 
  i mean , before we joined , southern european countries were the main recipients of the eu funds and how did it help them ? 
  i remember that couple of months ago austria suggested to cut the eu funds for us if we do n't take more refugees , and i would actually be fine with that , just because it would be a nice case study to see what are the actual effects of eu subsidies . 
  but anyway , eu in cz has been used as a scapegoat by several previous goverments , by our former and current president and if you combine this with the general mindset of czechs , which is basically a deep distrust and dislike of any outside powers and with the current eu policy on refugees , it 's not really surprising that the majority of czechs are euro-sceptic nowadays . 
  it 's also a part of our complaining culture , many people will rant about how eu is horrible , but if there was a referendum about leaving , i think majority would suddenly start to think more rationally and consider all the benefits we get from eu membership more . 
  ok , since you mentioned the bailout again , i have to ask , because i did n't really understand this point . 
  i can see that westerners can be mad because we import some of our problems , like the problems with roma minority to their countries as well ( not that we do that on purpose , they are eu citizens and can move freely in eu , we ca n't keep them locked somewhere ) . 
  but as far as i remember , there were 3 eastern european countries getting bailed out - hungary , latvia and romania . 
  slovenia struggled too , but did n't need the bailout after all , or did it ? 
  but it 's not like greece did n't get bailed out several times . 
  ireland got bailed out too , so did portugal . 
  so as far as i 'm concerned , the south did get bailed out , it only did not improve their situation as much as it did in latvia , hungary or romania . 
  so like , what is this point about east getting bailed out and south not ? 
  hmm , seems like the divide between west and east is even bigger than i thought . 
  i got triggered several times while reading your text . 
  i almost wrote a long response , why the criticism from brussels is unfair . 
  then i realized that it 's probably part of the problem . 
  there is really no point in getting too defensive , or holding grudges or looking too much to the past . 
  neither side should let their frustrations or stereotypes cloud their judgements when making pragmatic decisions . 
  hopefully we 'll all learn how to cooperate together better in the future . 
  uhm , no , nobody is requesting that from you . 
  in fact , there are european troops in mali , including troops from eastern european countries , so it 's actually the other way around . 
  we get that france has other things to worry about . 
  but you ca n't expect countries like estonia , latvia or lithuania to deter russia on their own , so if western european countries do n't want to/can ' t send any troops , of course they will look to the us . 
  i 'm not against it in principle , but right now the eu is absolutely not ready for this . 
  and it will not be ready in the near future . 
  the problem of a european superstate is that you ca n't build a state when there is no common identity . 
  and as for now , the majority of europeans do n't identify themselves as european first , they identify themselves as french , british , dutch , german or whatever and then maybe european second . 
  if we were to ignore this and form this european super state anyway , what would happen is that the biggest countries would still care primarely about their own interests only this time they would have way more power to enforce their will . 
  it might even be ok for the small western european nations since their interests mostly allign with the interests of germany or france , but for small eastern european countries , this could be potentionally dangerous . 
  so for now , i would rather not have the united states of europe becoming reality , but that does n't mean there is no space for further cooperation in certain areas , for example it 's in everyone 's interest that eu as a whole gets more resources and authority from the national goverments to be more active in the north africa to prevent another wave of migrants coming to europe . 
   any ideas as to how this perception can be addressed ? 
  man , i wish i could tell you , but with the refugee crisis , it 's really like a mission impossible . 
  it 's not just the lack of interest . 
  yes , in every population you will have a significant number of people who simply do n't care about foreign policy and they wo n't care until it makes an anctual impact on their life . 
  so yeah , there were hundreds of thousands of people coming to italy in the previous years and most people in the eastern europe probably did n't even know about it and if they did , they probably thought something like `` meh , they 're not here , we have more important things to worry about , let the italians deal with it '' . 
  people who generally care about foreign policy had their minds focused on ukraine at that time . 
  then it became a hot topic in 2015 . 
  even people who normally do n't care about foreign policy were aware of the crisis . 
  but the perception of what the whole crisis is totally different from what the perception is in the western europe . 
  you have to understand that in western europe , people had decades to get used to living with foreign cultures , while people in the eastern europe spend that time in isolation living in very homogenous society . 
  they have zero personal experience with muslims . 
  plus people in the balkans actually fought with the ottoman empire all the time . 
  so the westerners see desperate war refugees that lost everything and need help , while easterners see economic migrants from completely incompatible cultures with a religion that is hostile to us . 
  westerners see the migrant crisis mainly as a humanitarian catastrophe while easteners see it as a huge security threat . 
  they do n't believe muslims can integrate in our societies ( and to be fair , western europe did not exactly do a good job proving the opposite ) and what also does n't help is that the refugees/migrants cross several safe countries to get to germany , sweden or other western european countries .
