  then i believe that 's possible , but obviously both sides will have to make concessions . 
  the uk may have to make a bit more concessions , because it 's the economicaly weaker partner in this relationship . 
  but hopefully it would still be mutually beneficial agreement . 
  however i do n't think requiring that the uk makes some concessions would mean punishing the uk . 
  i do n't think that it should be used as an argument to limit your nato activities . 
  nato is n't the eu . 
  nato is a completely separate organization and trying to diminish your position there would make no sense . 
  it is also in your interest to keep the european security enviroment stable , you benefit from it . 
  yep , i agree . 
  i do n't wish anything bad to the uk , but if they decided to go this way , then i 'd probably change my mind on this and would want the eu to take a punitive approach . 
  hopefully it wo n't come to this . 
  it 's sad to see the uk leaving us . 
  we can only hope that we 'll be able to reach a deal that is acceptable to everyone . 
  i see that may might try to use the uk 's security engagement in europe as a bargaining chip , but i would hate to see that . 
  nato activities are something that is n't connected with the eu and baltic countries do n't deserve to have their security jeopardized because of brexit . 
  well this specific spelling is only typical in the czech republic , so i guess it only applies here , 
  can confirm that we who have this name are all awesome , so i 'm not surprised about your good memories , 
   i 'm not really sure if your blood pressure was raised by my text or the article . 
  oh , i was talking about the article too . 
  basically i was agreeing with your post , but i see i probably articulated it wrongly . 
  the article really is a crap . 
  basically you could sum it up as ' i have very superficial knowledge of european history , but i did n't want to just write a boring article how prague is a pretty city , so i decided to mix some history in it and draw some `` insightful '' conclusions from it ' . 
  i 'm usually not the type of person that gets easily offended by some stupid shit foreigners say about my country , but i must admit , this managed to raise my blood pressure a little bit . 
  specially since when we look at those two situations when we really did surrender without fighting - in 1938 to nazi germany and in 1968 to soviets - both were completely hopeless . 
  the first time we were pressured into surrendering not just by germans but by all the major european powers and in the second we would be fighting against the world superpower and we would end up exactly like hungary in 1956 . 
  no problem . 
  you really can believe it . 
  it 's true that if we only considered the economic arguments , then the hn newsroom would probably be slightly anti-euro , however when we take into account the political arguments , then the dominant opinion would be pro-euro . 
  i actually had a 3-month internship in that newsroom , so i know how they operate and what is the general ideological background of the people working there . 
  and out of the 3 months i have not met with any practices concerning the `` regular '' articles that could be described as unethical . 
  and even when it comes to opinion articles , the general hn policy is to often present `` for '' and `` against '' pieces when it comes to major issues - such as the central bank interventions and so . 
  this does n't mean that they 're always objective in everything , but from my experience , the effort to do decent journalistic work is certainly there . 
  i do n't know if you really follow hn and aktu\u00e1ln\u011b very closely . 
  as i said , the idea that euro is very important for us from the political point of view is really very common in these media . 
   if the new members plan a takeover of the eu of course we do not plan to takover the eu , that 's ridiculous . 
  what i meant was that we do have the right to influence the direction of the eu , just like all other countries in the eu have this right . 
  it 's not a western european union . 
  we 're the eu as well and our views are valid and shoud be counted . 
   why you think you have the right to stop other members from integrating further beats me . 
  i have never said any such thing . 
  i said that we have the right to contribute to the discussion on how the eu should look like and how it should operate . 
  what will be the result of that discussion is a different thing . 
  i never said that our ideas and views have to be 100 % accepted by others , i just said that they should be taken into account . 
   this , you wo n't find in hn . 
  that 's not true , you have pro-euro opinions in hn as well . 
  i remember reading plenty of times in opinions columns of hn journalists that we should accept euro if not because euro is a good thing , then at least because we 'd be risking staying on the eu periphery - basically the attitude in [ this article ] ( http://archiv.ihned.cz/c1-65476370-prijeti-eura-nas-muze-udrzet-na-zapade ) is very common among hn/aktu \u00e1ln\u011b journalists . 
   it 's not unbiased newspaper . 
  of course it 's not , all commercial media in cz have biases . 
  i mean , do you read opinions pieces of hn/aktu \u00e1ln\u011b journalists ? 
  those are articles where you actually do n't have to look for any hidden bias , it 's the point of an opinion column to just clearly state an opinion . 
  and the vast majority of opinion columns in hn are pro-eu or pro-western in general . 
  on euro they are more nuanced , but i guess this tells you something about the euro/eurozone - that it is perhaps not as black and white , when even strongly pro-eu people are n't so ethusiastic . 
  plus people who write comments in hn usually have some economic background - it 's not like they are some totally uneducated morons usuing stupid nostalgic arguments ( i.e. 
  `` i just like how koruna looks better ) . 
  why do you think things like electoral college exist in the us ? 
  it 's precisely because when the us was forming , smaller states wanted to have equal say as the bigger states regardless of how populous they were . 
  nowadays the electoral college seems obsolate because there 's a shared american identity , but back then the situation was different . 
  and this is what the situation nowadays is in europe - most people identify with their countries first and will put their countries interests first . 
   in my view , full membership came for too early . 
  they want the advantages of the eu but have not accepted the values of the eu . 
  well we have different views , that 's for sure . 
  the new members states made different historic experience in the past century and this influences our attitudes and mentality . 
  western europeans decided to accept us into the eu and they might have not realized than in certain things the differences are rather significant , however that 's not our fault that we did n't ( and does n't ) have the interest to understand these differences better . 
  regardless , we 're now in and we have the right to present our positions and ideas how the eu should operate . 
  the eu is ours just like it 's yours . 
  we 're all obliged to maintain certain basic values , however we 're not obliged to fully accept everything that we wants and sees as right . 
  or you know , maybe the journalists in hn ( who btw . 
  tend to be very pro-eu , just like their collegues at aktu\u00e1ln\u011b , so it 's pretty silly to accuse them of any anti-eu bias ) decided to do an interview with a well known economist and this economist happens to have a negative opinion on euro . 
  i mean , what 's wrong with that , are economists not allowed to criticize the flaws of eurozone or what ? 
  romania meets all the formal conditions that are stated in treaty . 
  the reasons why romania and bulgaria are kept from schengen are political - some western european countries simply fear that it would increase the influx of romanians and bulgarians to their countries and they know that their electorate might not like that . 
   i would say it 's very difficult , since it can be used in both ways in the exact same sentence structure . 
  yeah , that 's what i was thinking , with some other modal particles , it 's easier to tell , because one might recognize it based on the structure of the sentence . 
  in this particular case though , that 's not possible . 
  so is there any way for a non-native speaker to be able to tell when it 's meant as a time adverb and when it 's just a modal particle ? 
  but the wiki article that you linked does n't mention a case where jetzt is used as a model particle . 
  it is not fucked up logic . 
  the surgery is n't causing pain to the rhinos and it is not pernament anyway . 
  the horns do grow back . 
  right now , the risk level is high and a zoo is n't the type of institution that would have financial means and the authority to run some full-armed security services . 
  and how else are you going to defend the rhinos against poachers who are armed ? 
  better to eliminate the chances of an attack completely by removing the reason why the poachers want to attack in the first place . 
  poor bavaria has to share a country with all the other bundesl\u00e4nder that just ca n't drink enough beer . 
  do n't know how you can put up with that . 
  and also poor us , because we do n't even have a proper competition in the beer per capita contest . 
  now , independent bavaria , that would be a strong opponent . 
  and you have this information from where ? 
  and while you 're at it , i 'd also recommend you to rethink immigration from mena , that also does n't seem to be a bastion of progressive values . 
  it started immediately , but as i said in another post , it took years before it was finalized , so czechoslovakia broke up before it was finished . 
  i 'd say it was about the mid 90s when the vast majority of pre-89 staff left . 
  what was happening in the early 90s was that the old institutions were dismantled and new were formed with new people in command . 
  new legislation was being created . 
  but the people not in the very top positions were only replaced or sidelined gradually , because we simply did n't have enough new skilled people that could replace them . 
  what happened in this whole period was that some of the new people who were put in charge turned out to be completely incompetent in doing their job , since they had zero experience with this type of work . 
  the secret services also had such a bad reputation ( because they were used as a tool to persecute people during that communism ) that people from the dissent did n't have any interest in joining them . 
  the situation was so bad that we even turned to the former reform communists that were purged from their positions in 1968 - these people had the experience and the interest to work in these positions and also disloyalty was not the immediate concern , because they obviously had no love for russia , since it was because of the russian invasion that they were purged in the first place . 
  however these people turned out to be pretty stuck in the cold war thinking , so they also were n't ideal for creating a new , modern net of intel services . 
  long story short , it was a mess . 
  it took a lot of blunders , affairs and scandals before the situation was stabilized . 
  however it was still better to do it this way than risking that we 'll have russian moles or people vulnerable to russian blackmail inside our secret services .
