  oh , ok , i was looking at our defense ministry website , they 're probably counting it in a different way . 
  hungary also did n't and they 're on the map . 
  i just checked the numbers and it went up in 2015 by some ~ ~ 10 % ~ ~ 5-6 % . 
  still not close to 2 % gdp though . 
  yep , can confirm that this mindset is prevalent in cz , i was actually making fun of that , that comment was meant to be tongue-in-cheek . 
  yay , according to this map we are not eastern europe anymore !, 
  it seems like you guys do n't discriminate and just hate everyone :d, 
  you mean that they do n't like french or europeans in general ? 
  you 're right , rival is not exactly the right word . 
  it 's more like that some old people did not get completely over the past . 
  usually the younger a person is , the more likely he/she sees germans favourably . 
  i said that the co-existence was n't always ideal :d strong influence does n't mean that it will be appreciated , there were often tensions obviously . 
  throwing people out of the window is in my opinion a rather elegant way to show your displeasure , way better than boring beheadings or hangings :d, 
  ours was not as bad . 
  52 % would be absolutely fine with a vietnamese neighbour , some more would find it unpleasant , but only 6 % would find it unacceptable . 
  to answer your question , some vietnamese are known to do drug dealing or tax evasion in cz . 
  it 's only a minority though . 
  oh , how nice , thank you :d, 
  because ukrainians are sometimes stereotypically seen as people involved in crimes , drugs or prostitution . 
  and sorry if this sounds offensive , but czechs tend to see vietnamese , chinese , japanese and koreans as just `` asians '' and asians are perceived as a group which can integrate rarther smoothly and does n't create any major troubles - at least that 's our experience with the vietnamese minority . 
  so czech logic goes like this - the vietnamese are quite alright people , so chinese people are probably gon na be the same . 
  oh , come on , do n't be silly , french cultural influence is probably the third strongest , right after us and british , of course people like you . 
  everyone likes your language ( even when most people do n't understand it ) , everyone loves classical french movies , french cuisine , french fashion and french literature . 
  who would n't know the cursed poets and the hilarious louis de funes movies ? 
  that 's nice . 
  and honestly i do n't find that very surprising . 
  i think we are very similar in some ways . 
  i know that most of the germans nowadays see us as this poor , underdeveloped eastern european nation , but the truth is that german influence was always very strong in the czech lands , millions of germans lived here until the expulsion after ww2 even if the co-existence has not always been ideal . 
  still , the influence was big , so it 's not surprising our working habits or mentality in general is not that far away . 
  even the soviets could n't completely undo the centuries of german influence . 
  coud be because some czechs go on vacation to egypt and everyone knows/admires their ancient history . 
  but that 's just my guess . 
  nope , the results were very similar even before the refugee crisis started . 
  this type of survey , where the questions asks who would you like to have as a neighbour , typically is n't influenced by high-level politics . 
  other types of survey , where the question is `` how do you like country x ? '', 
  may be influnced by it . 
  these are results from 2014 : https://www.stem.cz/vztah-ceske-verejnosti-k-cizincum-brezen-2014/ so yeah , czechs like french , brits and americans slightly more , that 's the reality . 
  jokes aside , it 's because of the past . 
  some people ( most likely the older generation ) just did not get completely over it . 
  but still , anything over 70 % is a very good result , it means that the vast majority of people are fond of you . 
  i doubt czechs would score this high if germans were asked the same question . 
  nah , it 's more like polish food is considered to be the cheap low-quality crap while czech food is considered kinda acceptable . 
  is this the language ? 
  because i have a similar reaction when listening to slovakian . 
  uhm , i 'm really sorry to tell you this , but we also like the brits and french more in most of the surveys . 
  yes , i know , we are assholes with a superiority complex when it comes to other cee countries and an inferiority complex when it comes to we countries . 
  because of stereotypes concerning petty criminality . 
  oh do n't worry , people bitch about polish food and then they will buy it anyway . 
  and like 90 % of the people do n't even read the labels . 
  aww , thank you guys , we like you too ... you know , not as much as the slovaks , but still < 3, 
  yeah , that 's another point . 
  czechs definitely dislike putin 's government more than the ordinary russians . 
  but i must admit , even the `` ordinary '' russians are not very popular here - most of the russian tourists coming to prague or karlovy vary ( spa town , very popular among russian tourists ) act in a rather arrogant way . 
  when dealing with them , you sometimes get a feeling like they think they are in their colony or something . 
  not all are like that , but a lot of them are . 
  this differs in different surveys , probably poland would win but only by a small margin . 
  and in some surveys germany can even be higher . 
  like a few years ago there were several scandals concerning polish food , so at that time , germany probably was more popular , but nowadays with the refugee crisis and germany 's immigration policy , i think poland is more popular . 
  we like them so much * because * we split . 
  the relationships were not as good in the 90s . 
  majority of people would probably still vote against the split if there was a referendum , but significant number of czechs at that time thought that slovaks are whiny brats , who are slowing us down , demanding more power for themselves while not appreciating our help . 
  after we split , the relationship got way more healthy , we could no longer blame each other for our own shortcomings and the partnership was more equal , even though we still helped slovaks to get to nato when their reputation went to shit after their first after-split pm went authoritarian . 
  but other than that slovaks proved us they can do perfectly well on their own and both country realized there is no other country closer to us , so we stopped bitching and started appreciating that we have such a great partner on the international level who we can always count on . 
  and on the personal level it definitely helps that slovaks come to study in cz in big numbers , so the ties remain strong . 
  you are an unwanted competition in the beer consumption , that 's the reason ^ andalsothenazis, 
  ukrainians are sometimes steoreotypically viewed as people involved in petty crimes , drugs , prostitution and so on . 
  most people would get on with them just fine if it turned out that this is not the case . 
  poles also score high in most of the surveys . 
  you are usually after slovaks , brits , austrians and french , but before germans and americans . 
  not really , this question is about who would you prefer as a neighbour . 
  that means nationalities which are stereotypically connected with petty crimes , drugs , loud behaviour and so on will score low . 
  russians are generally disliked here , but not because people think they would be annoying as neighbours , that 's why they score `` relatively '' high . 
  you 're not included in the survey , but in those where you are included , you beat the germans every single time . 
  personally i also like you and the germans more or less the same , but the general public definitely likes austrians more . 
  what is the reason for poland not being on the visa-waiver list , when other countries in the region ( us , slovaks and hungarians ) are already on the list ? 
  is it because the polish population is bigger so there might be more migrants coming from poland to the us ? 
  it seems really unfair , since poland is probably one of the most pro-us countries in europe . 
  where are you going to go ? 
  really ? 
  i 'm actually not so sure about that , but i do n't have that much information on that , so you might be right . 
  it always seemed to me that cee countries get so little refugees , because the refugees have zero interest in coming here , so we just get very little applications . 
  but i have n't actually checked the approval rate in all eu countries , i just checked the overall approval rate for the whole eu . 
  i have heard that sweden has had very benevolent interpretation of the rules in the past though . 
  eu countries have all signed geneva conventions , they all have the same rules for asylum , they just maybe interpret them a bit differently , but the general consensus is the same - if there is a risk that a person might be persecuted in the home country , you have to give him/her asylum . 
  really ? 
  the way i read the proposal is that there are two options : 1 ) pernament redistribution system 2 ) dublin + redistribution system , which would by triggered the moment mass immigration happened again . 
  and let 's face it - it will happen again . 
  mena region is an unstable mess , the demographics of the region is catastrophic , there are way too many children being born , way too many young people without jobs and if the enviromental changes continue it will only get worse . 
  even without radical islam and sectarian wars , there will be massive pressure on resources in mena region and that will cause more revolts , uprisings and conflicts . 
  it 's really just a matter of time before another millions of people try to reach europe . 
  there is just no way that cee countries will sign a blank cheque under these circumstances . 
  no chance that cee countries will ever say yes to this . 
  even if they 're outvoted again , they will just refuse to comply with the decision . 
  it would be a political suicide for any cee leader to vote for this and that would only make a room for far-right extremists . 
  hah , sorry about my fellow citizens , i ca n't possibly imagine how they justified their asylum requests :d so anyway , if the system sucks and is constantly abused , why do n't you just cancel it altogether ? 
  uhm , if i understand the article correctly it also says that the ukrainians migrants are those who are easy to return back . 
  so maybe that 's the reason why they proportionally take so much money from the system . 
  if migrants from other countries who also do n't get asylum refuse to go back ( and thus refuse to accept the money ) or the country refuses to take them back ( so it 's not possible to return them ) , then i can see why the ukrainians are disproportionally represented in the statistics . 
  that does n't mean other migrants do n't do country shopping or that they do n't do it even more than ukrainians , it merely means that they do n't get this money from the budget . 
  well to be clear , they do n't really have a chance to get asylum anywhere in eu , not just in the netherlands .
