  but a totally failed state ? 
  perhaps not . 
  but it 's irrelavent , we ca n't possibly know what would happen without the intervention . 
  the point is that we intervened and fucked it up completely . 
  yeah , if only libyan government had their entire coast under control . 
  or if only there was one libyan government in the first place . 
  that would make our efforts to make them able to return more migrants much easier . 
  that intervention back in 2011 is something that 's gon na be biting us in our ass for a very long time . 
  they i really see no reason , why the eu could n't at least make significant effort to shut those ngos down . 
  they 're just making the problem worse . 
   this should not come as a surprise . 
  civilians who cross borders illegally are treated rather differently than soldiers who do , are they not ? 
  it 's still illegal crossing . 
  it might not be a declaration of war , but they 're breaking the law repeatedly and on purpose . 
  theoretically if lybia was a normally functioning state , they could be prosecuted for what the do . 
  and while i realize many of them do it with a good intention , in the long term , they 're making the whole situation even worse . 
  so we ca n't enter libyan waters , but the ngos boats can just freely move there and pick migrants up just 30km from libyan coast ? 
  wow , that 's a lot of interesting data . 
  i highly recommend going through all the chapters , it 's very informative . 
  zeman 's advisors are . 
  babi\u0161 is not . 
  or at least there 's no evidence for that . 
  the vast majority of his foreign business activities are concentrated in the west . 
  ok , but she declared her intention very clearly and it 's not likely that she would backtrack on it ( i know this sounds kinda ironic given the current turmoil , but i think in this specific case she was 100 % serious about it ) . 
  to be fair , there are n't any confirmed financial ties between babi\u0161 and putin . 
  babi\u0161 ' companies are way more active in the west . 
  zeman on the other hand is a different story . 
  people close to him absolutely do have ties to moscow . 
  and to give even more context , the minister of education resigned as a result of that scandal . 
  also the president of the czech football association is being detained in connection with the scandal . 
  i 'd personally say that the scandal did n't really suprise many people . 
  everyone sort of knew that football is a dirty and corrupted sport , not just at the czech level , but also at the international level . 
  babi\u0161 is accused of using legal loopholes to significantly lower his tax returns . 
  he was also caught on a tape with a ( now former ) journalist from one of babi\u0161-owned newspaper where they talk about what the newspaper is gon na publish about babi\u0161 ' political opponents . 
  the pm recalled babi\u0161 from his position , but the president has so far not accepted the resignation and it 's unclear whether he will . 
  the president says that it goes against the coalition agreement that the current governmental parties signed with each other . 
  however the constitution clearly says that when a pm recalls a minister , the president has to accept it and the constitution clearly overrules whatever coalition agreement parties signed among each other . 
  meanwhile the senate threatens to file a constitutional lawsuit against the president if he fails to abide by the constitution . 
  so long story short , we have a severe political crisis going on . 
  it could be because the massive subsidies eastern germany gets from western germany can work in a counter-productive way . 
  when you constantly get subsidies for everything , it does n't force you to build your own competitive infrastructure . 
  instead you keep relying on the aid that often does n't get distributed that well and ends up killing companies and other initiatives that actually could be competitive at the free market , because they ca n't compete with those who get the subsidies . 
  subsidies are a double-edged sword . 
  they can jump-start growth , but they can also keep the donor and the recipient in a forever-dependent state . 
   i do n't really know guelen , but his believe in education ( secular ) makes a lot of sense . 
  yeah , you really do n't know him well . 
  he and erdogan used to be on very good terms and it was actually gulenists who were orchestrating the trials against secularists in the army back then in 2008 . 
  google ergenekon trials . 
  they 're just as dangerous as erdogan . 
   the czechs and slovaks started to call themselves that way . 
  no , we do n't call ourselves that way . 
   `` bohemia '' refers to a celtic tribe that lived there , before slavic or germanic peoples settled down there . 
  bohemia is literaly the term from latin that referred to the czech lands . 
  it is true that celtic tribes were here before slavic tribes , but from the 9th century , there already was a slavic state here . 
  not a nation state , that 's true , because those did n't really exist back then , but it was a slavic state and germans were only invited to the bohemian kingdom back in 12th-13th century by the czech kings . 
  i can also argument that the bohemian kingdom was a part of the holy roman empire , in which czechs were the minority and germans the majority . 
  hre was a loose ` federation of states ' where the emperor had few real authorites over the lands . 
  that would be like arguing that the current czech state is not really a czech state , because we 're inside the eu which is majority non-czech . 
   what would you say ? 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  that 's an unresolved question , but as you can see there are plenty of multi-ethnic states in todays ' countries and there is no universal principle which would say which specific ethnic minorities do have the right for their own country and which do not . 
  so there absolutely was no automatical right for the german minority to break up czechoslovakia . 
  i would argue that you have to assess each individual case independently . 
  in some cases , it 's better to give the minority their own state , in some other cases it 's not . 
  to me , czechoslovakia was exactly the case where it was not right , because : * the lands were originally ours . 
  we were there before you . 
  * germans already had their ethnic states in europe . 
  * czechs had no other ethnic state but this one . 
  * there was always a risk that giving away sudetenland wo n't be enough . 
  this proved to be right . 
  * czechs were the weaker state compared to germany and austria . 
  giving even more land to germany would mean weakening ourselves even more and strenghtening you . 
  i do n't think that i have to tell how that turned out for us . 
  first of all , it really shows how knowledgeable you are about this when you use the term ` czechoslovakians ' . 
  there is no czechoslovakian nationality , there are czechs and slovaks , which in 1918 decided to create a federation together . 
   germans were native to bohemia just as much as czechs no , they were n't . 
  do you know what bohemian literaly means ? 
  it means ` czech ' . 
  bohemia was historically a place where ethnic czechs lived . 
  germans later lived there as well , but they were a minority . 
  the fact that they concentred in some areas does n't change anything about them being a minority . 
  according to your logic , if some ethnic minority in an unspecified state had a majority in one city , that city would also be free to for indepedence ? 
   this is fucking offensive . 
  oh , right , so not agreeing that we should have handed over a part of our country to germany is offensive , got it . 
   the czechoslovakians had no right to force german lands into czechoslovakia against their will . 
  they were not german lands . 
  they were always historically bohemian lands . 
  there already were german lands in europe - austria and germany . 
  this was our country , not yours . 
  nobody was forcing sudeten germans to stay in czechoslovakia . 
  they were free to leave to austria and germany any time in the 1918-1938 period . 
  the czech part of czechoslovakia was build on the historic borders of the bohemian kindom , which was historically always a kingdom of majority of ethnic czechs . 
  in 1918 it was the only state for ethnic czechs . 
  german people already had two states in europe - austria and germany . 
  we did n't , we had nowhere else to go . 
  this was our only country and arguing that we should have handed over part of it to germany is frankly speaking quite offensive . 
  specially since you are very well aware what happened after we were actually forced to hand over sudetenland . 
  hitler did n't have enough . 
  sudeten germans had no right to advocate for breaking up czechoslovakia . 
  thanks for the explanation .
