  you should probably realize that most of these people are not trying to logically and rationally think about their hatred and then go : `` huh , this does n't make a lot of sense , i should probably change my opinion '' . 
  they do n't really care whether the poles have or do n't have the ambition to be more british , to them , they 're just poles and that 's it . 
  but also , i would be careful in saying that all poles ( or ees ) are 100 % determined to assimilate perfectly into the british society . 
  ees are not some group of perfect migrants . 
  there are also those who want to stick among their own nationals , who prefer using polish whenever they can , who tend to create `` little polands '' in some previously british neighbourhoods . 
  not every single ee migrant in the uk is a perfect example of assimilation . 
   that 's the case for some of them but poland is pretty damn close to germany , sweden and denmark for example . 
  that 's true and as you can see , polish people are relatively better received in these countries than in the uk . 
  and also , the geographical division is not the only one , the cold war political division is arguably more important , since ee was isolated from the rest of the continent . 
  meanwhile we states integrated within the eu and experienced a long period of peaceful and friendly relations . 
  that 's why whatever conflicts which happened between scandinavia and the uk are not that important - it happened relatively long time ago , while the cold war division happened relatively recently . 
  hey , are we still joking or are you just really mean ( and also historically totally inaccurate , because if we ever were running towards anyone for security reasons , it definitely was n't germany ) this time ? 
  uh , sorry germany , but you do n't belong to the glorious a-h empire . 
  you ca n't just invite yourself . 
  you can go and ask the northern italians to create the hre with you though . 
   that 's where i disagree . 
  they hate some foreigners and i 'm curious why they hate certain foreigners and not others . 
  yep , some of them surely hate only eastern europeans ( polish are just the biggest group of them , so they get the most blame ) and seem not to have any issue with western/northern europeans . 
  but i mean , is it really difficult to see the reasons why that might be ? 
  western europeans in general have a similar standard of living , they are geographically closer to each other ( so they have a higher chance to be exposed to other nations from we ) and they have already spend decades in the free movement union , which means they had a chance to get used to each other . 
  eastern european joined the freedom of movement area relatively recently and at a time when the living standards were significantly lower than in the west , so a lot of people decided to move , many of them to the uk . 
  so it is not really that difficult to see why that might cause some negative sentiments - it was basically a large number of people who the brits were not very familiar with , coming in a short amount of time . 
  and while you 're right that danes might be stealing the jobs british people would like to have , poles are stealing the jobs which the lower class of brits used to do/have the skills and education level to do . 
  so the danes are not really a competition to this people . 
  eastern europeans are also seen as those who drive the wages down . 
  so i can definitely see why eastern europeans get much more hate than western europeans . 
  not saying that it 's right or acceptable , only that i can see what could be the reasons behind the hatred of ees . 
   that 's why it ( to me ) seems like they see it as some `` we 're better than them ! '', 
  thing . 
  as if brits , danes , germans , norwegians etc. 
  are in the same group against the `` evil foreigners '' or something . 
  well yeah , some of them probably do feel this way . 
  that 's the tribalism working . 
  some see western europeans as one of them , while eastern europeans are the outsiders . 
  some might see all europeans as acceptable and outsiders are only people of a different race . 
  different people have different criteria of who belongs and does n't belong to `` their '' group . 
  i 'm not british , but i 'm pretty sure these kind of violent thugs do n't spend their time thinking about the ethnic background of today 's english people dating back to the ancient times . 
  they simply hate foreigners . 
  there is no deep thinking behind it . 
  they just do n't like them , probably because they have shitty lifes and it 's easier to blame that on someone else than themselves . 
  and let 's be honest , deep down , humans are basically highly advanced tribal animals . 
  this tribalism has been rooted in us ever since prehistoric groups of people started to fight each other over resources . 
  obviously we 're now advanced enough to control our insticts and we are also rational enough to know that foreigners do not necessarily pose a danger to us . 
  however some people sometimes ( specially when they 're drunk or on drugs ) let these insticts to sort of get on the surface and if you add the overall frustrations these people have , boom you have violent attacks on foreigners . 
  and a foreigner to them is basically anyone who does n't look/sound british . 
  poles are probably the target because there is a lot of them , they came relatively recently and they pose a direct competition to working class brits in the labour market . 
  hell no , that would happen only if we invited germans to play as well . 
  guys , can we also play that game with you ? 
   i have to say , the unrestrained rage , if not outright hatred , directed at hungary from the western press i have noticed this as well . 
  i do n't think there is any grand conspiracy behind it though , i think it 's just that the people writing these articles really firmly believe their viewpoint is the only right one . 
  it 's not everywhere in the western press though . 
  yep , a lot of these articles show some extent of disapproval , it 's only a minority which shows real disgust/hatred and rage . 
  it 's not like all pro-immigration people = haters of hungary/v4 . 
  but as for those who really do hold these very negative feelings about hungary/v4 - i think it 's ironic because in a way , they are doing exactly the same thing that the far right racists do . 
  they 're so convinced that their world view is the only correct one that they see everyone who disagrees with them as their enemy . 
  which is exactly what the far right neonazis would say about all muslims . 
  so basically they 're doing the same thing , only they do n't see ethnicity or religion as the division line , instead they see the political affiliation as the division line and to them , anyone who is n't a supporter of multicultural society is the villain in their eyes . 
  because we dared to reject their vision . 
  and of course , in the case of hungary ( or all v4 countries ) many people in the western world still can not quite grasp the fact that the situation from the 90s and early 00s when we just accepted everything we said , is gone . 
  they still think that since we 're getting money from the eu , we should shut up and do as we 're told . 
  they wo n't say it that openly , instead they will talk about us having to show solidarity in return ( as if the eu funds were charity and we were not paying for them in a different way ) , but the message is still quite clear - you owe us , so you should do what we say . 
  and when it does n't happen , they get angry . 
   in the mean time , i just love all the rage , it brings me so much enjoyment . 
  may it never end . 
  i do n't really enjoy it . 
  i more or less try to ignore it , but as much as i like to think that i should ` t/don ' t have to care i still realize that media to some extent shape public opinion . 
  public opinion to some extent shapes politics ( plus many politicians from we already come from parties which share the same opinions like the journalists who write these articles ) . 
  and we in this cee region still need good political relations with our western neighbours . 
  we ca n't afford having the rest of the eu being pissed at us . 
  but as i said , it 's probably not such a big deal , the people who really hold this contempt for v4 are ( hopefully ) just a small minority . 
  how dare they wanting to solve their labor shortage by inviting people who actually have a shot at getting a job instead of people who are very likely to stay unemployed ? 
  well not really , because they were all returned in the end . 
  it turns out that they 're not oppressed here enough to qualify for asylum in canada . 
  if there was no plausible concern that they might get persecuted in their home country , you should have send them back regardless of what the eu said . 
  it 's just ridiculous that someone can be above the law as long as he throws a tantrum . 
  might not be such a great idea . 
  this thing once happened with our own roma minority , only they were going to canada . 
  at first just a few of them , but that the message spread that roma people are getting asylum in canada ( which was n't really true ) and suddenly many more of them followed . 
  canada then revoked our visa free travel and it took three years to get it back : /, 
  well , but that 's the problem . 
  we just do n't have enough good politicians to replace the bad politicians . 
  in the western europe , you have a scandal , people get angry , the politician has to leave ( or loses the next elections ) and is replaced by someone better . 
  in the eastern and southern europe , you have a scandal , people get angry , the politicians has to leave or loses the next election and is replaced by someone just as bad or even worse . 
  this makes people feel resigned and next time , they do n't go to vote , or they vote for a corrupted politician , because `` everyone 's corrupted anyway '' . 
  how do you think orb\u00e1n still holds in power . 
  politics simply has such a bad reputation here that most decent people will not even think about getting into it . 
   in that sense i think the ignoring problem is similar on how some eastern europeans have blatantly ignored/minimized corruption problems in their country because things were getting better anyway . 
  i would n't exactly say people started to ignore it , it 's more like that there were/are so many of these scandals , that people just resign after some time . 
  that does n't mean they 're ok with it , because things are otherwise getting better , but they feel completely powerless to do anything about it . 
  and to some extent , they are . 
  you would say it 's easy , just do n't vote for corrupted politicians . 
  but what if 90 % of them are more or less corrupted ? 
  or what if those who at first seemed clean turned out to be corrupted as well ? 
  this then creates a sense of disillusionment , when part of the people will just not go vote anymore and other part basically votes for the lesser evil . 
  and remember that we still have a massive part of the population whose mentality is so fucked by communism that they think something like this : `` all politicians steal , so it 's ok if my candidate/party does it , as long as i also gain something from that stealing '' . 
  in this kind of enviroment , it 's really difficult for the people to fight corruption . 
  they simply do n't hold enough power in their hands to make it happen . 
  you would basically need a bunch a enlightened politicians to suddenly appear and fix the system . 
  or you can have an indepedent body imposed from the outside like in romania . 
  in other cases , you just need to be patient and accept that progress will not happen overnight , but more like in baby steps .
