  some of them stayed , but they were in a minority . 
  of course , this is just two cases . 
  that 's not a perfectly representative example , however we see that that the refugees are not only refusing to go to ee , where they , as you say it , could starve or freeze to death , which i also disagree with , maybe that 's the case in hungary , but the social network here is definitely not weak enough to let anyone starve or freeze to death . 
  of course asylum seekers here do not get enough to lead comfortable lifes ( i.e. 
  what the middle class has here ) , but they are also not starving to death . 
  also , they 're getting exactly the same amount of money as czech people when they ask for state support . 
  the same exact conditions apply for both czechs and people who were granted asylum . 
  they can ask for state social support if their income is lower that a certain % of the average income , just like czech citizens do . 
  yep , people granted asylum usually can not ask for unemployment support , but that 's because they have n't worked here before . 
  again , this also applies to czech citizens , if a high school graduate finishes school and ca n't find a job , he is also not getting unemployment benefits , since he was n't employed before . 
  this is just how it works here , you first have to contribute to be able to ask for benefits . 
  if you do n't , you 're only entitled to the bare minimum . 
  surely you would not advocate that refugees should have better conditions than local citizens ? 
  but even if i accepted that refugees in ee are literaly at risk of starving to death , how do you explain that they also do n't want to stay in italy , portugal , spain , or even france ? 
  clearly , the motivation of these people is to seek out the best conditions for themselves , not just acceptable conditions . 
  which is quite understandable , on the other hand , letting them get away with this behaviour is unsustainable . 
  not for ee , but for we . 
  we actually do n't really have to worry about this , we can just say `` look , they do n't want to stay here , there is nothing we can do to make them stay , so you deal with this '' . 
  and we largely do this . 
  and rightly so , because we have no obligation , not legal nor moral one , to help people who do n't want our help . 
  we only have legal obligation to help people who agree to ask for asylum here . 
  if they do n't agree with that , or they do at first , but withdraw their application later , we are not legally obliged to help . 
  however , for we this is totally unsustainable , which is why i absolutely do n't agree that we should even out our financial support for refugees . 
  they should actually even out ours and provide only the absolute bare minimum . 
  this is the only way the reduce the pull factor . 
  there are millions and millions of people in the middle east and africa who have the ambition to come to europe or will have the ambition in the future . 
  we can not help them all , that is simply impossible . 
  of course the reduction of pull factors needs to be accompanied by the reduction of push factors as well - that means massive investments to the development and general improvement of the conditions in mena . 
  in the long term , this is imo the only sustainable policy , since if we do n't do this , than we 're risking that anti-eu parties will get in power in more and more countries in the eu and we will end up not helping anyone anyway and we might even cause the destruction of the eu as we know it . 
   you still need to stop and help if you see an accident happen even if you 're late from a date . 
  that does n't even make sense , it 's not ever remotely close to the actual situation . 
  if you wanted to use a better analogy , you would have to write something like `` you have to stop and help if you see an accident happen , even if the person in need tells you that he/she does n't want any help from you , but only wants help from your neighbour '' . 
  i 'm curious how do you think we should help people who do n't want our help ? 
  how is portugal supposed to help when people are refusing to go there , even after the portuguese pm goes to the refugee camps in greece to make it clear that they 're welcome in portugal ? 
  how are we , the baltics or poland supposed to help refugees when even those few that we took decided to leave our countries ? 
  what would you want us to do ? 
  do n't worry , it was the same here . 
  we transported a few dozens of them directly from mideast refugee camps and most of them left to germany after a month or so . 
  this also happened in poland and the baltics . 
  not all the refugees are this opportunistic , but a significant part is . 
  on one hand , i kinda get it , they want to get the best deal for themselves , on the other hand , they can hardly expect any solidarity from our people , when they make it pretty clear that anything else than rich western european states is not good enough for them . 
  sorry for responding so late , but for some reason reddit only showed me this comment now . 
  weird , right ? 
  anyway , what you 're describing was largely my point . 
  i 'm just a bit allergic when people say it 's just polish who receive negative attention in the uk . 
  it 's not just the polish , it 's pretty much everyone who comes from the eastern part of the continent , since as you say , brits do n't really make any difference between us . 
  i understand that not all british people are like this and that openly hostile behaviour is pretty rare . 
  however i know quite a lot of slovaks who spend some time in the uk working , and their experience is that almost no one will tell them anything nasty in person , but it was not unusual to learn that some of those seemingly polite brits will say things like `` those eastern europeans do n't belong here , they should really go home '' behind their backs . 
  of course this is just anecdotal evidence , but it makes you wonder how many brits actually do mind about eastern europeans , only they do n't say so openly . 
  it would be kinda strange for me if i was living in the uk not knowing whether all those locals who are polite to me actually secretly want me gone . 
  but you 're right that this kind of reaction to large numbers of immigrants is pretty much natural . 
  i guess people from cee will just have to either live with this , or leave the uk . 
   it 's why we differentiate between expats ( who tend to be retirees and clump together into their own groups ) and migrants ( who actually seek to assimilate and essentially become a native ) . 
  it seems to me that an expat is just a fancy word for a migrant . 
  if you want to stay somewhere pernamently , then you should make an effort to fit in that society and not insisting that you do n't actually have to do that , because you 're just an expat . 
  i do n't see any difference between poles staying pernamently in the uk and brits staying pernamently in spain . 
  so what that they 're retirees , nobody forced them to go to retire in spain , they chose it themselves , so they should at least try to blend in the spanish society . 
  just likes poles should absolutely learn english if they want to stay in the uk . 
   they really dislike that people can move permanently to the country without knowing english . 
  i can understand that , but it 's a little bit strange coming from brits , since british expats are pretty well known for not bothering learning the local language and instead using english , even if they live in the foreign country for years . 
  i can even understand them when they do that in prague , since czech is a very hard language for non-slavic speakers , but what about those brits living in spain ? 
  spanish is not even that hard to learn . 
  and yet you have brits living there in their own exclaves , barely knowing any spanish . 
  i understand that polish people are by far the biggest group of all ee migrants , so we 're statistically way more likely to hear about attacks against them than other ee migrants . 
  however the average brit does n't really make that much difference between all the ee nationalities so i do n't see how is the situation for the average slovak/lithuanian/bulgarian etc. 
  different . 
  they may not be poles , but brits will either confuse them for poles , or they will just consider them the same `` category '' of migrants as poles . 
  so they might have to go through the same shitty situations just like the polish people do . 
  all i was saying is that it is imo not polish-limited . 
  yeah , that 's exactly what i was thinking . 
  that 's why i found it weird when the op was saying that it 's just the polish who get the negative attention , when in fact brits do n't really make any difference between poles and the other ee nations . 
  why do you think it 's just poles and not eastern europeans in general ? 
  are n't hungarians/slovaks/czechs / lithuanians/latvians/estonians treated more or less the same ? 
  and what about bulgarians/romanians ? 
  honestly , the first thing that came to my mind was that they just emigrate way more than us , but the stats are about relative numbers , not absolute numbers , so that ca n't be it . 
  so my second guess is that out of all the slovaks who emigrate there is a significant part of them which are low educated and low skilled so that means they 're more likely to end up on the criminal part . 
  whereas people who emigrate from czechia are mostly highly educated , so they 're just not the demographic group that typically ends up in jail . 
  but that 's just my theory , i do n't really have any statistics backing it , just anecdotal evidence . 
  our authorities do n't collect this kind of data anyway , people are not obliged to let them know when they move to other eu countries , so there is really no way for us to know who exactly leaves . 
  so this is really just a guess . 
  emigration in general is not a mass thing in czechia , those who leave usually have a good reason to ( interesting job offer , a partner from abroad ) and again , those kind of people are not that likely to end up in jail compared to the demographic group that went to the we to do the low-skilled jobs that locals did not want to do . 
   czechia will experience progress , and you will very likely close the gap over time . 
  well , i wo n't argue with you further , but i remain sceptical about closing the gap . 
  it would be cool though if you were right . 
  i realize that i probably sounded very pessimistic in my posts , but that was not really my intention . 
  i was just trying to realistically evaluate our chances of catching up with we on macro-economic level . 
  that all does n't mean that i believe that my country has no future or that it is a terrible place to live or anything . 
  i realize that we have it better than most of the world . 
  low unemployment , relatively low cost of living , relatively affordable housing , free education and healthcare system , so yeah , it 's not like i wanted to say that i 'm living in a hellhole or anything . 
  also , do n't worry too much about what 's fair or not . 
  there is in general very little fairness in the international politics and trade . 
  countries just mostly follow their interests and do what 's good for them , not what 's perceived as fair . 
  the fact that you 're having it good does n't mean that you 're somehow obliged to help all those who have it worse than you . 
  it 's not like we expect any charity from the we . 
   czechia has actually performed somewhat poorly among peers lately afaik we jumped on the austerity train during the crisis way too enthusiastically , stopped all the funding to infrastructure projects and effectively killed the economic growth . 
  on the plus side , we maintained relatively low public debt . 
  we recovered in 2015 and nowadays we have a relatively steady growth rate . 
  but anyway , it 's not like i was claiming that there will be no progress . 
  of course there is a possibility to progress . 
  what i was trying to say is that while we progress , we countries will progress as well .
