  but you ca n't really compare a few hundreds ( thousands ? ), 
  of ukrainians applying for asylum in the netherlands with literaly hundreds of thousands mena migrants in the western europe . 
  currently there are about 100k ukrainians in the czech republic , probably over 400k in poland and probably a few more hundreds of thousands in other ee countries . 
  they do n't usually apply for asylum , they go for work-permit instead . 
  so the number of them who do country-shopping is very small comparing to the number of those who stay in neighbouring/close countries . 
  sorry , maybe a stupid question , but what do you mean by `` going home money '' ? 
  does that mean that they send the money they earn back home to ukraine to their relatives ? 
  if so , whyt would you consider that welfare money ? 
  i ca n't open that article and even if i could i do n't speak dutch , so i 'm not sure if that could be useful . 
  they are definitely not on benefits in my country , but some of them do work illegally though . 
  and our benefits system is not exactly well-known for its generosity , so that might also be a factor . 
  and also we have almost full employment and a serious labour shortage in some fields , so we are actually trying to attract workers from other ee countries . 
  sure , but when you flee within the country you are technically speaking not a refugee , you 're an internally displaced person . 
  for a refugee status you have to flee abroad at least according to international law . 
  well , i 'd say you care ... a little bit . 
  maybe not as much as you care about people from your former colonies or about your fellow western europeans . 
  but that 's completely understandable to feel more connection and thus more sympathy with people you have strong ties to . 
  i also care about ukrainians much more than i care about syrians , iraqis or afghans . 
  that does n't mean i do n't acknowledge that syrians , iraqis and afghans have it hard . 
  but i ca n't help myself to feel more for the ukrainians . 
  i also understand that western europeans might feel differently due to their colonial past and due to the fact that your societies are way more heterogenous and open to different cultures . 
  you are reacting to an unreasonable we bashing rant with another unreasonable ee bashing rant . 
  how mature . 
  it 's pretty clear that the situation is not black and white . 
  while ee receives money through eu , we got access to our markets and a chance to invest heavily and buy basically everything that was worth something . 
  the vast majority of ee companies are western owned and make profits for their parent companies . 
  ee migrants in uk actually work and pay taxes and the unemployment in britain is what , 5 % ? 
  so how are they taking your jobs , the vast majority of you already have a job . 
  is n't it more like that ee migrants are willing to do jobs that brits do n't want ? 
  i do n't want to convince you not to vote for brexit , because that 's obviously none of my business , but i really do n't appreciate that you are basically suggesting that just because we got screwed after ww2 ( not blaming anyone for that , that 's just what happened ) we now have to be forever grateful to our richer we counterparts . 
  the numbers are small , but it does [ happen ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/31/world/europe/ukrainian-migrants-fleeing-conflict-get-a-cool-reception-in-europe.html ) ukrainians have a significantly low approval rate , it was at 22 % last year . 
  syrians are at 98 % , iraqis are at 80 % , eritreans are at 93 % . 
  ukrainians are declined because the rest of the country is not at war , so they can flee there . 
  however germany and other we countries have been accepting migrants from iraq and afghanistan in the past and you could argue that there are also parts of iraq and afghanistan which are not at war . 
  even in syria there are places where no fighting takes place . 
  so i would say the asylum policy of we is a bit inconsistent . 
  it does n't really matter though as most ukrainians know very well that their asylum request will most likely be rejected , so they do n't really bother to apply and instead trying to obtain working permit . 
  that 's quite simply actually . 
  war refugees from the eastern ukraine mostly flee to russia , because a ) it 's closer and b ) many of them are pro-russian , so it 's logical to go there . 
  other ukrainians leave to eu countries , but they do n't apply for asylum , they apply for working permit or they just work illegally . 
  either way they do n't require the state to help them . 
  that 's why the states could n't care less about them . 
  also ukrainians do n't do country-shopping as much as mena migrants do . 
  they often stay in cee countries , which are closer to ukraine and have similar languages and are not trying to reach western europe . 
  mena migrants do , so we is pretty much too busy helping them . 
  it 's definitely much cheaper to buy them in advance . 
  the prices change quite a lot . 
  for instance if you bought a ticket for today it would be 800 czk whereas a ticket for 26th april is only 552 czk if purchased now . 
  well , you might be right . 
  i 'm not so sure about that though - apart from the 25 people leaving to germany , there are 8 more people wanting to go back to iraq . 
  apparently the grandparents are very attached to their home country and feel homesick . 
  i can understand that , but if it was so dangerous in iraq , would they really want to return ? 
  i guess that in some parts of iraq it 's still possible for christians to live relatively in peace . 
  but i get that the situation is unstable and can change dramatically . 
  so yeah , i understand why you do n't want to return them back , specially since they have children with them . 
  still does n't change the fact that they acted in a very dishonest way . 
  there are parts of iraq which are safe . 
  it 's not like the entire iraq is a battle field . 
  you can read tons of articles on the internet about iraqi refugees returning back to their home country once they realized europe is not what they hoped for . 
  granted , those are probably mainly muslim refugees , for christians it might be more dangerous . 
  but since they were willing to risk the chance that they might get deported when refusing the czech asylum , i suppose maybe the conditions are not so life-treathening as you think . 
  but that 's up to the german authorities now , if they want to keep them , they can have them for all i care . 
  but from my point of view , these people do n't deserve german 's hospitality . 
  at least not the adults , the kinds are innocent in this obviously . 
  and yes , i 'm quite aware that since the refugee crisis started ee earned a bad reputation in the we and some of this probably reached the refugees as well . 
  but the fact that majority of the people are against mass immigration does n't mean we act like dicks to every single foreigner in our country . 
  and i 'm actually more or less glad we got this reputation , because it means most refugees/migrants will avoid us , which is a good thing - our society is just not ready to handle large crowds of people from a completely different culture coming to our country . 
  germany might be ready for that , but we are certainly not . 
  we might be ready to handle a few thousands , not more . 
  but as it turned out there are hardly any people willing to stay here . 
  ca n't wait for eu to try to send migrants to ee under the redistribution plan with turkey . 
   sorry , i ca n't read czech but is that what the article is about ? 
  i am going by the title , which says `` refugees '' . 
  i do n't think that just because a refugee breaks the rules and moves that this makes them automatically an economic migrants and not a refugee . 
  however , i do agree that they should obey the rules . 
  they were granted a refugee status at the beginning of their stay in the czech republic . 
  however they have send a formal letter to the czech interior ministry declining the asylum and thus they are no longer considered refugees in the czech republic and were ordered to leave the country . 
  then they illegally moved to germany - with iraqi nationality you need to have visa to enter germany , however this illegal crossing is tolerated when asylum seekers do it . 
  the german police then detained them and they asked for asylum in germany and it 's now up to german authorities to decide whether they will be granted the asylum or not . 
  but under czech law they are not considered refugees anymore , because they refused the asylum in our country . 
   but i am wondering , do visible minorities have the same chance at finding a job as white christians ? 
  you should probably ask all the minorities that already work here without any troubles . 
  both prague and brno have big expat communities , there are vietnamese communities basically in every bigger czech town . 
  yes , it 's true that as a dark skinned person or as a muslim ( which is not even the case of these people , they are christian and their skin colour is just slightly darker than the skin colour of an average czech ) , you might face some prejudices or even discrimination , but not at a job market . 
  employers care little about your skin or religion , they care about your qualifications . 
  basically the only minority group that faces serious discrimination at the job market is the roma minority and that 's because most of them hardly finished the elementary school and the perception is that they do n't work very hard . 
  which is not to say it would be easy to find a job in the czech republic - afterall they do n't speak the language and i 'm not sure what their education is . 
  but they will face the exact same problems in germany . 
  but hey , they probably did n't consider this at all . 
  the either acted completely irrationaly and thought a dream life is waiting for them in germany or they have a family or friends in germany and wanted to get there from the beginning and only used good-hearted people to get as close to germany as possible for free . 
  i would have some understanding if the former was the case , however as we get more information on this , it looks like option n. 2 is more likely . 
  so sorry , no , i do n't have any understanding for people who exploit my country to get their free pass to germany . 
  economic imigration is totally understandable . 
  what 's not understandable is pretending you are a refugee to get people 's solidarity when you 're actually not a refugee . 
  these people got asylum in a safe country . 
  they formally refused it . 
  then they illegally moved to germany to ask for asylum again . 
  this is not something we should defend by saying - well who would n't do that ? 
  they could 've waited and move legally . 
  instead they decided to first exploit our hospitality and then try to exploit german hospitality by claiming they are refugees .
