  it 's basically just the employers lobbying organizations vs the unions who constantly argue whether we should try to allow more migrants here . 
  we happen to have an ambassador in syria which has a good contact network in the region , since she already worked in our embassies in lebanon , turkey and iraq . 
  besides english , german and french she also speaks arabic and turkish . 
  it seems that she has well established ties with the syrian regime which allowed her to stay in damascus when other european ambassadors no longer felt safe there . 
  she was occasionally a bit criticized in our media some few years ago for being too much on the side of assad , which i think is frankly quite ridiculous , because as an ambassador , it 's her job to mantain ties with all the important actors in the country . 
  plus had she actually been too close with assad , i doubt that the us would ask her to represent them as well . 
  well , we 've recently had a thread about the fact that eu citizens can get help from another eu country 's embassy if they ca n't get the help from their own embassy , so this is some real-life example . 
  i 'm glad that we were able to help out . 
  yes , you 're totally right about the political implications of fullfilling the 2 % treshold . 
  it would indeed be harder for trump to dismiss nato if everyone was spending the 2 % . 
  what i meant was that the 2 % will not magically turn our militiaries into strong enough forces . 
  estonia might as well spend 10 % and it would not make a damn difference against russia , while if germany was effectively spending , say , 1,8 % , it would aready be a solid opponent to russia on its own ( in no-nukes scenario ) . 
  so just from the practical perspective , it makes no sense to obsess about the 2 % too much . 
   also , if a country like estonia can do it , it makes other countries feel that they can increase their spending too . 
  i do n't really think it works like this . 
  i think other countrie are very well aware that they can increase their defense budgets regardless of how much estonia or any other country is spending , they just for different reasons choose not to . 
  i am myself unsure how much money my country should spend . 
  i would much rather see the defense integration within the eu , since that would be so much more cost-effective and in that case , it would totally make sense to make large contributions , but in the current state , it 's just so damn irrelevant how much we spend , since it just does n't make any big difference anyway . 
  but as i said , you 're totally right that from the political perspective , it actually does matter . 
  i agree that we should spend more on our defense . 
  however the 2 % is just an artificial treshold and does n't say a whole lot about how effective your military actually is . 
  also the disproportinally large us defense budget is not as high just because of nato . 
  nobody forced the us to go to iraq and waste billions and billions of dollars there . 
  when it comes to the actual nato missions - like in afghanistan - european countries do contribute to that mission a lot . 
  i 'm really fed up listening to the us complaining that they have to spend so much on military , when in reality much of their military budget has little to do with nato , since they 've been turning their attention to china for quite some time anyway . 
  i 'm pretty sure that in the end , trump wo n't even lower the budget , even when eu countries will start raising theirs . 
   i am not sure if i really believe eu capabilities , but we will see . 
  yeah , i 'm also not sure whether it will happen or not . 
  we 'll have to wait for the next elections in france and germany , because their attitude towards it will be crucial . 
   i also think that uk can and must now play a crucial role in keeping eu and usa on same page in relation to nato and push hard against protectionism . 
  let 's hope for the best . 
  yeah , good luck getting that message to trump . 
  i have zero faith in that man . 
  i agree that we can hope for the best , but we should also prepare ourselves for the worst and that means not relying on nato and getting on with the eu defense union outside of nato . 
  that 's nothing against the uk , i just do n't believe nato is gon na be a reliable enough tool for us when trump is the president . 
  maybe he will end up not as bad as i think , but i would not count on that . 
  but i do hope that we can still keep a close defense partnership with the uk , even if we start creating capabilities outside of nato . 
  well sure , i get that , but how about some basic human empathy ? 
  i mean , i understand that you do n't personally feel any emotional connection to the eu , i myself tend to look at the eu in a rather pragmatic way as well , but that does n't prevent me from understanding that other people might look at it differently . 
  and surely , you have also experienced rejection in your life , so you know what a shitty feeling that is . 
  is it really that surprising that you made some people upset ? 
  honestly , i think it 's quite sad how very little understanding of basic human reactions/emotions there is on both sides . 
  i see a lot of comments of brits going like `` woah , why is the eu so mean to us ?!, 
  all we did was voting to leave their organization and now they want to punish us . 
  why ca n't they just get over it ? 
  '' , when only several months ago , we all witnessed the rather aggresive brexit campaign . 
  of course this left negative emotions . 
  you 've hurt many peoples ' feelings . 
  even worse - the people who are rather ego-driven - you 've hurt their pride . 
  and you know what people are often ego-driven ? 
  politicians . 
  we often think of politicians as these rational beings who always strictly follow their countries ' interests , but when you actually look at them , they 're humans just like everyone else , only they tend to have a higher ego than the average population . 
  so good luck getting guys like juncker or verhofstadt agreeing to any conditions that would be too favourable to the uk . 
  they will not just get over it and go to business-as-usual . 
  but this all was to be expected . 
  we in the west were so stupid to re-frame our relations ( not just uk-eu , but also eu-us ) in the zero-sum game mindset . 
  we 're all guilty of that , the eu , the uk and the us . 
  now we 're stuck with that and we see each other more as a competition than as partners . 
  and in the end , none of us will profit from that . 
  and some people are even so stupid and blind that they 're celebrating that we 're tearing the western world apart like this . 
  yep , however at the eu level , everything takes so damn long , so it wo n't happen any time soon . 
  we 'll also have to wait for the elections in france to see whether france will be in favour of it - since without france , there 's really no point in the defense union in the first place . 
  the same obviously goes for germany and its post-election government . 
  both of you have to be supportive of it , otherwise there 's no chance that it could happen . 
  it 's really weird because a year ago , i would be like `` gosh , no ! '', 
  if someone asked me if i wanted more assertive germany . 
  nowadays i 'd be fine with that . 
  not because i necessarily think that germany is now more competent than it was , but because other countries that played this role ( us , uk ) are less competent and someone actually has to step up . 
  however i do n't want germany to do all the job on its own , i want it to push for more security cooperation on the european level together with france . 
  well , i agree that for europhillic brits , this must be indeed very hard . 
  when i actually look at the results of the referendum and see the percentage of the youngest voting group that voted remain , i feel really bad for these young people . 
  if i was one of them , i would probably feel like i was robbed of my future . 
   just know that it was n't our intention to unleash such negative emotion , it 's just a side effect of wishing to put our country 's interests above that of the eu 's well , i perfectly understand this and i hope you will also understand this when the eu will act with the same kind of attitude during the brexit negotiations . 
   but countries that have strong diplomatic ties in the 21st century should at least attempt to be grown-up and civil towards one another there are people who act in a hostile way on both sides , not just on the side of the eu . 
  i would actually argue that the hostile attitude was firstly started on the british side . 
  during the campaign , there were so many insults , so many hostile comments addressed towards the eu that it simply created a resentment among the pro-eu continental europeans . 
  now you 're getting to see the resentment and i agree that it would be better for all of us to look at things rationally , but ... well not all people are really capable of this , they simply ca n't switch of their emotions . 
   we still love europe , just not the political project the eu has become . 
  i do n't see why people conflate our rejection of this as contempt for europeans as people . 
  i 'm honestly surprised that you seem to be surprised that some people took brexit personally . 
  i mean - of course that they did , what did you expect ? 
  brexit is ultimately a rejection and we can argue how much of it is a rejection of the eu as a political organization and how much of it is a rejection of the european people as well , but you can hardly claim that it was all purely about the polical project when such a large part of the campaign was about immigration . 
  and even if it was only about the political project - guess what , some europeans are already emotionally attached to this project . 
  it 's not one bit suprising that these people react emotionally , because rejection is always hurtful . 
  you ca n't just say `` well we think that the organization that you like so much and that you already closely identify with is rubbish and we want nothing to do with it '' and expect that europhillic people will say `` that 's ok , we can still be best buddies '' . 
  brexit was always guaranteed to unleash negative emotions , there 's simply no other way around it . 
  eurosceptic views might be on the rise in some eu countries , but there 's still a huge amount of people in the eu who view the eu positively . 
  those people are understandably hurt by the british rejection , that 's a completely normal human reaction , there is absolutely nothing surprising about it . 
  nope , there 's no one here anymore , nothing to see here germany . 
  perhaps in switzerland you could find some germans , but not here , we are totally german-free . 
   after so many years of wars , the population is starting to question our aggressive foreign policy , and this is part of that conversation . 
  i would not describe american activities in cee as aggresive foreign policy - on the contrary it was a very important stabilizing factor . 
  i understand that in many parts of the world , the american influence did n't exactly bring a whole lot of positive things , but over here the efforts of the us and the western europe to stabilize this region after 89 were largely succesful . 
  i agree with you that trump is totally unpredictable . 
  i do n't know whether he really does n't understand the value of the eu , or if he downright sees us as a hostile competition . 
  i do n't know whether he actually prefers to be more friendly with russia than with the eu . 
  but i know very well that no matter what we do , he is not going to be a reliable partner . 
  i 'm not happy about this , i was never one of the anti-american people who were like `` we do n't need the us , let 's make our own independent foreign policy '' , but nowadays that 's just what the reality is - we will have to do without the us , we do n't have any other option . 
  and yeah , i 'm pretty sure trump will also meddle in the brexit negotiations which also worries me because i think that it will screw up the eu-uk relation even more than it 's already screwed up . 
  i 'm personally grateful for the us contribution to the security of my region ( cee ) , just like i appreciate the contribution of our western european partners - and yes , i do recognize that in terms of defense , the us has contributed more than , say , germany or france .
