  is the criminality in chicago caused by people from other places in the us who hold guns legally and for some reason decide to go to chicago to commit crimes there with those guns or what ? 
  or do you mean that chicago residents go to live to other places , stay there for years so that they can get pernament residence , buy guns there and then go back to chicago to commit crimes with those guns ? 
  because to me , the idea of some mafia member who comes to live to the czech republic , stays here for at least 5 years so that he can get the residence permit , with the sole purpose of getting a gun legally so that he can go back to his home country to murder some people there , is just ridiculous . 
  no , he will much sooner get the gun on the black market . 
  legally-held guns are not the problem here . 
   they just buy it in another state . 
  foreigners ca n't just come here and buy a weapon legally , that 's not how it works . 
  you need a gun license and for that you need a medical and psychological clearance , a clean criminal record and you need to pass a shooting test . 
  foreigners also need to have a pernament residence permit in the czech republic . 
  so it 's really not the case that someone from italian mafia can just come to any gunshop in the czech republic and buy a gun legally . 
  yeah , there has been a highly publicized case in the czech media , where you took two kids from their mother , put them in two separate families and stripped her from her parental rights . 
  this has caused the `` norwegians steal children '' panic over here and the media started to report on more controversial barnevernet cases . 
  but this survey actually only asked g8 citizens , so what czechs think about norway is totally irrelevant in the final result . 
  ignoring the fact that during the university years , many people do n't have a stable partnership and often themselves are nowhere close to be mentally ready to have kids , how do you propose that the people finance their baby , when they 're university students and have no income ? 
  are they supposed to rely on their parents ( i.e. 
  the baby 's grandparents ) to support them or what ? 
  act how ? 
  she is suspected of committing crimes in iraq , she was caught in iraq , she falls under iraqi jurisdiction . 
  iraq has no obligation to turn her over , no matter what germany does . 
   but she 's no different from a girl selled into prostitution ( those are not only from poor countries ) who loves her pimp/seller . 
  how the hell not ? 
  someone who loves her pimp/seller only hurts herself . 
  someone who buys the ideology of isis and goes to fight in iraq is fucking up the lives of other people . 
  it 's not the same situation . 
  you say she was weak , but she was evidently strong enough to cause other people suffering . 
  you should stop looking at her as a victim . 
  she bought and accepted a hateful murderous ideology despite being old enough the recognize that what isis is doing is morally wrong . 
   how many girls just fall for a man who 'll sell them into prostitution ? 
  i think her case is similar only instead of prostitution she got jihadism and brainwashing . 
  there is a difference between a situation where a man tells a girl from a random poor country x `` come with me , i 'll get you a job in a rich country y '' and then that job turns out to be prostituion and the situation of this particular girl . 
  i mean sure , even in the first situation , you should see the warning signs , but i can understand that some naive girls fall for that . 
  the second scenario is different . 
  she was told ` let 's go to iraq together to fight for the glorious caliphate ' . 
  there is no way that she could be unaware what isis is . 
  even if she was brainwashed into not believing any western media , isis was absolutely open about what they do , they publish all the information by themselves . 
  this means that she must have bought that ideology . 
  she must have bought that non-believers deserve to die or be enslaved . 
  she must have bought that non-believing woman can be used as sex slaves . 
  she must have bought that prisoners can be executed in the most barbaric painful ways . 
  she must have bought that whoever leaves islam deserves to die . 
  and i could continue like this . 
  i repeat , if by the age of 16 , you can not understand that these things are wrong , then you 're a horrible human being . 
  that 's just the reality . 
  even 16 year old girls can be horrible human beings with zero moral conscience . 
  i get that you emphasize with her , she 's the same demographics as you , she 's european and she belongs to a group that people usually see as vulnerable ( underage females ) . 
  well now try to look at this from another perspective . 
  you 're a yazidi , or a shia muslim or even a sunni muslim who is not that ethusiastic about islam and you have this death cult terrorizing you , murdering your family and friends , enslaving women and children , turning them into sex slaves , brutally oppressing everyone who does n't buy into their disgusing ideology . 
  and then you see these foreign boys and girls , who won the fucking life lottery of being borned in western europe , who instead of appreaciating what they have , decided to experience their little teenage revolt by going to iraq/syria and murdering some helpless civilians . 
  these teenagers had all the access to the information back in their home countries . 
  they literally just had to google what isis is and what it does . 
  isis is not some morally grey area . 
  if by the age of 16 , you do n't understand that beheading people is wrong and that enslaving people and selling them as sex slaves is wrong and burning people alive is wrong , then something is seriously wrong with you . 
  she is widely suspected of committing crimes against iraqi people , so she should be tried in iraq . 
  i could not care less that she is european like us . 
  she willingly went to join a disgusting terror organization , nobody dragged her there , so she should bear the responsibility for her choices and face the justice in a country where she caused human suffering . 
  that 's my opinion . 
  16 is old enough to know that isis is bad . 
  she is not some clueless toddler . 
  only being stupid ? 
  no , at the age of 16 , drunk driving is stupid . 
  or doing drugs . 
  or dropping from high school . 
  joing a terrorist organization and becoming their sniper does not fit in the ` being stupid ' category . 
  this fits into the ` being a human garbage ' category . 
  i feel you . 
  if elections were today , smer would likely win it again , right ? 
  the coalition contract is a contract between the governmental parties in which they agree on their priorities as a government and on the internal rules that all the governmental parties should follow . 
  it 's not an official legislative document , so terminating it does n't mean that the government automatically falls , it merely means that ( in this case ) one of the governmental parties no longer agrees with the conditions of the contract . 
  this can result into a re-negotiation of the conditions or if they ca n't reach an agreement , it can also lead to the fall of the government , since the government would no longer have the majority . 
   it 's not good when we 're drawn somewhere we do n't want to be though . 
  you 're making it sound as if somebody is dragging you to 3si against your will . 
  or as if somebody was dragging you out of the eu against your will . 
  both things are non-sense , nobody is dragging you anywhere , you 're totally free to decide where you want to be , you 're not being drawn somewhere where you do n't want to be . 
  if slovakia wants to be in the core of the eu , that 's perfectly fine , croatia , poland or whoever else wo n't be dragging you screaming and kicking to the periphery . 
  so there 's really no reason to be this salty to other cee countries who may not see things absolutely the same as you . 
  actually eu divides member countries in administrative regions for the purpose of distributing the cohesion funds everywhere in the eu not just in poland . 
  for example over here it 's completely normal that there are eu-funded projects targeting all regions except for prague because prague is too rich to qualify for the money . 
  so i guess you could say that technically , prague is a net contributor to the eu , but of course the final statistic on the net position is counted on the country level . 
  it 's not gon na become a dead topic . 
  there will soon be a trial going on against us at the ecj and in autumn after german elections it 's likely that there will be a voting about pernament quotas . 
  so this is here to stay and it 's only gon na get worse . 
  we got ta pay for hussite raids ? 
  then i demand sweden pays us for 30 years war raids . 
  they are filthy rich anyway , they do n't need all that money . 
  i did n't say we were treated unfairly . 
  i was just saying what the voting mechanism is like , since the first person claimed that a country can be overvoted in the ep in everything and than someone else reacted by saying it 's not true , because there 's also the council . 
  so i just wanted to say that in the council , most decisions are also taken by qmv . 
  that is just a factual statement , without any value-judgements . 
  yeah , in general i agree with that , plus all countries also agreed to this type of voting mechanism , so it 's a bit too late to complain now . 
  at the same time , there are things which are simply highly sensible in some countries , so voting through qmv on these things understandably creates a massive backlash . 
  and in this specific case of the relocation quotas , i do n't believe the backlash was worth the benefits the quota system brings , which are negligible . 
   it 's also ridiculous to say qmv = eu . 
  qmv means a qualified majority of countries vote in favor of something that was already passed by commission ( eu ) and parliament . 
  not quite ` forced ' . 
  i know it means and i did n't say that qmv = eu . 
  i clearly said that not all things are voted through qmv . 
  but the relocation refugee quotas were voted through qmv , which is what the op was talking about , so he was indeed right about the fact that countries like slovakia can be outvoted on this matter . 
  i 'm talking about the qmv in the council , because you yourself brought up the council . 
  so i just pointed out that the council itself does n't prevent anyone from being outvoted , since the voting in council is a majority vote in most cases . 
  i agree that the statement that everything can be forced through the eu parliament is wrong , but that does n't mean a country can not be outvoted within the eu decision-making process .
