  and btw . 
  czech republic might not by a big economy in the absolute terms , but last eurostat data put our unemployment at 4.5 % same as in germany . 
  you have exactly the same shot to find a job here as you do in germany . 
  czech media did not make it up , they got that information from the charity organization that brought the iraqi christians to the czech republic . 
  and they have no reason to make this up , they are the ones who actually wanted this project to succeed . 
  just to make it clear - it was one family ( 8 people in total ) wanting to go back to iraq , because the grandparents are homesick and very attached to their home country . 
  well , good luck with that . 
  no sarcasm here , i really wish germany does n't create its own molenbeek in the process . 
  it will be very challenging to integrate all those migrants at the job market . 
  but if someone can do it , then it 's probably germany with the lowest unemployment in eu . 
  i 'm not gon na lie , i 'm actually quite happy that mena migrants do n't want to stay in my country . 
  seems like they bring more problems than benefits . 
  but i did n't mean to say they have to know every single thing about german legal system . 
  and of course no one can expect them ( or any other foreigner ) to know every detail of the german lifestyle . 
  i also did n't know about the things you listed . 
  what i do know on the other hand , is that if i were to move to germany , i would have a very bad time trying to find a job without the knowlegde of german and without proper education . 
  that 's something i do n't even have to look up , it 's common sense . 
  so it 's really not about them not knowing everything , it 's more like about them knowing close to nothing . 
  or thinking that germany is a paradise where everyone is rich by default and that once they get there , all their problems will be solved . 
  i 'm not surprised that they get frustrated once they realize how hard it will be to get their living standard back . 
  i 'm surprised that they did n't know about this from the beginning . 
  the migrants are mostly middle/upper middle class , otherwise they could n't afford to come here . 
  so it 's not like they lived in a cave in their home countries without any internet connection . 
  they could have looked it up . 
  if i was in their shoes , thourough research would be the first thing i would do so that i would have an idea what i 'm getting into . 
  yet they come here and seem completely clueless . 
  but even without the research , it is absolutely obvious that the process of integration will be difficult , i really do n't understand how someone can be surprised by that . 
  nowadays ee countries get quite a lot of migrants from ukraine . 
  they are non-eu , so they have to go through the nightmarish process of obtaining work-permit . 
  yet they do n't seem to be shocked how hard it is to find a job and they do n't get frustrated over the fact that they have a lower than average living standard at least in the first years . 
  mena migrants come here thinking something like this : here i am , now find me a job , preferably one that will allow me to have exactly the same or higher living standard , which i had at home . 
  oh , and i would like to live somewhere in the city centre , i also want to live in a house big enough so that the kids can each have their own room , because you know ... i had all these things back home , so i want to have them here as well . 
  wait , would do you mean that it might take years to achieve that ? 
  i did n't pay the smugglers thousands of dollars to live like a beggar here . 
  seriously , it 's really hard to sympathize with these people . 
  yeah , i get that they might have some inaccurate images about the life in germany or other western countries . 
  but still ... i mean , if they only tried to think it through a little bit . 
  it 's really common sense - they are coming to a foreign country , they do n't speak german , they probably have very little money with them , they might not have proper education and even if some of them had university degrees , they might have a problem to get them recognized by the local authorities . 
  it 's just so obvious that to start a new life in a new country will be very hard at the beginning . 
  yet it seems that these people automatically assume that they will get the average or even above average living standard as the locals in a few weeks and when it does n't happen , they get frustrated . 
  the lack of down-to-earth attitude seems pretty prevalent among the refugees . 
  in that case it would be really dishonest to apply for asylum in the czech republic , have czech people pay for everything - transport , accomodation , food , language teachers and so on , if your plan is to leave the country as soon as you get the chance . 
  if your goal number one is to get to germany , it 's not czech republic 's job to help you achieve that . 
  i honestly do n't understand what were these people expecting to find in europe . 
  and what do they think they will find in germany ? 
  do they expect that the germans will immediately give them well-paid jobs and a free apartment to live in ? 
  i get that they might have been upper middle class and led pretty comfortable lives before isis drove them out , so they want to restore that asap . 
  but are they really so out-of-touch with reality to think that it will happen in a month or two ? 
  is n't it common sense that when i come to a foreign country without the necessary language skills it will take some time before i can rebuild my life ? 
  the biggest irony is that since they were granted asylum they could have waited just two more months to receive travel documents and after that they could move freely in schengen . 
  but apparently the situation in the czech republic was so insufferable that they had to leave immediately . 
  well anyway , it 's good that germany detained them and send them back , so we can deport them back to iraq . 
  that will hopefully show others that we are not a travel agency . 
  probably the entire eastern europe . 
  the attitude towards underage drinking mostly is - if he/she is old enough to go out at night and has money , it 's ok . souther europe will probably be benevolent as well . 
  i would avoid scandinavian countries , or at least norway . 
  the alcohol is ridiculously expensive and they check ids pretty much in every club . 
  also i was in uk at the age of 17 and it was not such a big issue to buy wine/beer in a supermarket , but they checked ids quite a lot in clubs and bars . 
  nobody is trying to bash we . 
  we are just saying that if russia tried to attack ee ( unlikely to happen ) we would have more faith in the u.s. to help us . 
  the way things are , u.s. is the one who calls the shots in nato . 
  if they decided to let russia get away with their attack on the baltics ( or other ee countries ) , we would probably follow that decision as well . 
  that 's how it went with our acceptance in nato in the first place . 
  yes , every country has to agree , but it was the u.s. who actually made the decision who to accept and when and than we followed . 
  so it 's completely understandable that when it comes to military cooperation we rely on the u.s. way more , but that does n't mean we are anti-we , that just means we are realistic . 
  lol , this is absolutely hilarious :d, 
  yeah , sorry , i probably did n't make myself very clear . 
  i know that this scenario is unlikely , precisely for what you 're saying - because it would be the end of nato . 
  i was just trying to point out why it 's so important for ee to keep the ties with u.s. strong rather than relying on the western europe , or insisting that we can do without the u.s. and that we do n't need the protection of the u.s. because we do need it . 
  as i was trying to explain , without the u.s. support we would risk losing the support of the western europe , that 's why we ca n't brag about how `` europe stronk '' and we do n't need anybody 's help . 
  but i was n't trying to say that u.s. withdrawing from their nato commitments is a likely thing to happen . 
  western europe would most likely be able to protect itself from russia . 
  afterall you have nukes , so it 's very unlikely that russia would ever touch you . 
  however if russia tried to attack eastern europe and u.s. for some reason said that they are out of it , i really doubt that western europe would help us in that case . 
  you would not want to go to war with russia without the u.s. back-up knowing that you yourself are not at risk of being attacked if you just stay out of it . 
  thus it is not paranoia on our side . 
  we know that without u.s. support , we could lose the support of our eu allies as well , so that 's why eastern europeans countries are trying hard to keep the ties with u.s strong . 
  the relationship between cee countries and refugees from muslim countries is pretty simple - they do n't want us and we do n't want them . 
  they have really no reason to prefer cee countries over we countries , there are no strong ties between cee region and the middle east/north africa ( unlike the western europe we did n't have any colonies ) , no established communities that could help the newcomers + welfare benefits and the overall standard of living is higher in the west . 
  so yeah , they have very little interest in coming here and the local population is absolutely fine with that , most people are against taking muslim refugees/migrants so they 're quite happy that the refugees kinda ignore our region . 
  however since the refugee crisis started , eu began to pressure member states to share the migrants and even came up with a relocation system under which each country is supposted take a share of the refugees based on the size of population and some other criteria . 
  this plan was agreed on by the majority of the member states , with hungary , slovakia , cz and romania voting against . 
  so under this plan we are supposted to take some two thousands of people , however the whole plan has so far been a disaster with member countries being very hesitant about implementing it and the refugees refusing to take part in it , because they want to choose where to go themselves . 
  uhmm , you do realize that before us invaded afghanistan , the country kinda was in a middle of a civil war and certainly not all civilians backed taliban ? 
  most of the afghans actually supported the removal of taliban regime , so they could hardly be called traitors for cooperating with the u.s. obviously there is never 100 % guarantee that the person you 're taking in wo n't commit crimes . 
  but if i had to choose who to take in , i would definitely rather take those who worked with u.s. soldiers than some random people . 
  why ? 
  because they are likely to speak english well , which could make their integration easier and because their willingness to work for the u.s. forces at least suggests that they 're probably not taliban/isis symphatizers . 
  and also comparing to ordinary afghans they are much more likely to be a target of taliban if returned , so they deserve the refugee status more . 
  it 's not just eu funds though . 
  it 's also because a lot of the infrastructure projects were suspended a few years ago when the economical situation was n't very good , so now we 're trying to catch up . 
  i 've read that the work on d1 is not supposted end until 2018 . 
  huh , i assumed that what the article meant by that , is that young and bright afghan students will be allowed to study in europe . 
  not that those who run the country and thus making the decisions will have this possibility . 
  i mean that would n't even make sense , afghan politicians are not exactly in the age to go to university . 
  so the only ones we could be bribing with free university placements are the young people who would profit from such an arrangement , but these are not in charge of the country , so they will not be making the decision . 
  well ... not really , we are threatening to cut the aid to them . 
  aid for developing world does n't necessarily have to be seen as a bribe . 
  it 's just a normal tool that developed countries use to pursue their interests . 
  so in this case , that means - we give you aid , you take back your people .
