  sorry guys that you have to go through this , i feel bad for all those secular and liberal turks . 
  but i guess that 's democracy , what can you do really . 
  it 's kind of absurd that the turks living in europe are often very pro-erdogan , whereas in turkey there are still places which are highly secular . 
  wish you guys could switch the places , 
  i see , thank you for explaining . 
  hopefully erdogan wo n't take lessons from them and wo n't end up hunting the opposition and ruining people 's lifes as well . 
  but the reports about the horrible abuse of the detained soldiers ( i mean , common , most of them were probably privates/conscripts ) is just something that signals that erdogan might not be that much better than the gulenists . 
  i see , thanks for writing this up . 
  seems like the situation in turkey is more complicated than i thought . 
  anyway , i 'm still highly sceptical of erdogan , he now might need allies in this purge against the gulenists , but when he 's done with them , i 'm worried that he will turn against the secular opposition and will drag turkey to more islamist course . 
  and what about all those detained university teachers/journalists , are they also all gulen supporters ? 
  it 's just that the number of detained people seems all too high for it to be true ( at least from the outside perspective ) . 
  but even if the coupt was organized by gulen/his supporters , is n't erdogan exploiting this situation and arresting all sorts of people that do n't agree with him , not just the gulen supporters ? 
  because the number of detained judges/teachers/journalists and so on just seems too high for them to all be gulen supporters . 
  i think the main concern in western media is that erdogan will use this situation to silence all his political opposition , including those who advocate liberal/secular values . 
   balyoz/ergenekon victims sorry for my ignorance , but who are balyoz/ergenekon victims and why did they get promoted ? 
  it 's really common sense that you should help only as long as you do n't get yourself in danger . 
  it 's not just about refugees = danger that there will be radicals among them who will commit terror attacks or that refugees = danger that their kids will not integrate and we will be having the same problems with the second/third generation that france or belgium is having . 
  it 's also that you just do n't bring large amounts of migrants if you know that it will create a huge backlash among your people . 
  as a politician , you just do n't go `` hey , about 90 % of my population is strongly against taking muslim migrants , so let 's do it anyway , because i want to feel good about myself '' . 
  that would not only be stupid , but also irresponsible , since these things are really sensitive and you would be risking that people would get so pissed that they would vote in some even more anti-muslim force in power and you would in the end achieve absolutely nothing . 
  better to help them in other ways , not to bring them to hostile enviroment , where people do n't want them and where the migrants themselves often do n't want to be . 
  yep , summer is the busiest season , along with christmas . 
  but prague gets a lot of visitors even in the not typically touristy months . 
  people in that thread either question whether the russian interference really happened or criticize the content of the e-mails and the democratic party for being corrupted . 
  nowhere do i see people proclaiming `` omg , that 's so awesome that putin is trying influence the us election , i 'm so happy about that '' . 
  it 's more like `` it sucks that the democratic party is indirectly helping putin in his attempt to get trump elected by favouring one candidate over another '' . 
  europeans in general are not exactly huge fans of trump . 
  why on earth would we be happy that putin is interfering with your elections ? 
  where did you get that idea ? 
   i saw a lot of them in prague , so i assume the ban did not take immediate effect ? 
  anyway , what was the official argument in favor of banning them ? 
  nope , i think the ban starts in august/september . 
  basically the main argument was that they 're dangerous to the drivers themselves , but mainly other pedestrians . 
  there were a lot of complaints about them from the locals and also some accidents where people got injured . 
   yeah , although i did not notice so many germanic accents/languages on the streets . 
  for some reason i saw/heard tons of australians , americans and other anglos . 
  asians are in their own category . 
  maybe just a coincidence , germans are the biggest tourist group here . 
  or maybe americans and australians are just so loud that they outshout everyone else   another thing i noted is a very strong romantic attachment to medieval culture . 
  eh , those are often tourists traps . 
  see , prague has this `` medieval city '' reputation , so restaurants play this theme to sell it to the tourists as some `` authentic prague '' experience . 
  there are probably exceptions , but in general i would avoid these restaurants . 
  maybe it 's just me being impatient and not used to large crowds from our relatively tourists-free streets in brno . 
   where is it coming from ? 
  i do n't know , but it 's pure evil . 
  that and segways . 
  but luckily we have already banned those just a week or two ago . 
  i wish we could ban selfie stick as well . 
  gosh , i hate them so much . 
   then again , we should n't excuse xenophobia either . 
  tourism does benefit the local economy . 
  yeah , i know . 
  totally agree . 
  but screaming internally at a huge group of asian tourists to get out of my way does n't count , right ? 
  right ? 
   my overall impression of czechs is that you are pretty nordic in character . 
  you 're very orderly and nobody is pushing ahead in queues etc. 
  yeah , i guess we 're reasonably orderly around the public transport . 
  nobody ever tries to get in before other people get out . 
  some people will walk on the red line when there 's no cars going though , so there you have it , there 's some slavic rebelliousness in us . 
   then again , most of czechia 's history has in germany 's federal states ' direct sphere of influence , so it would make sense in that regard i guess . 
  yep , and in the austrian sphere obviously . 
  there were a lot of germans living here as well , almost 3 million of them before ww2 . 
  well i was only staying in prague on pernament bases for a couple of months , so i 'm not sure how annoying it is for those who actually live in prague their whole lifes , but the biggest problem for me was that you just often ca n't even move around properly . 
  it 's just that tourists tend to move in groups and stop all the time and block the streets for others . 
  and yeah , i must admit that i sometimes could n't help but thinking something like `` hey , this is our capital . 
  why ca n't i even walk normaly in our capital ? 
  we should be able to walk around and enjoy the sights that our ancestors build without fighting our way through this huge crowd of people with these idiotic selfie sticks who just want a cool picture for their instagram '' . 
  but i have these thoughts only at the most frustrating moments , and even then i would never be rude to tourists since i would not want them to have a negative impression of our country because of me . 
  oh , you do n't have to tell us , we are also not that happy about the large crowds of tourists everywhere . 
  on one hand , i 'm glad that so many people are interested in our capital , on the other hand , it makes the sightseeing so much less enjoyable . 
  basically the only way to see the most beautiful sights without the large crowds is to get up very , very early and walk around prague in the early morning . 
  the impression is totally different from the one you get when you walk in prague during the tourist hours . 
  oh , i would stay this `` until it 's a problem for me i do n't care '' attitude is not at all just a german problem , that 's absolutely everywhere - in every country and on all levels of society . 
  as long as the people do n't have negative views of the army and do n't go hysterical whenever german soldiers get sent on a mission abroad or whenever there is more money allocated to the army , it 's more or less alright . 
  it 's the politicians ' jobs to make sure that the army has enough resources . 
  the public does n't have to be overly enthusiastic , it just must not be completely against it . 
  thanks , that 's very interesting . 
  i did n't know german army had such a shitty reputation at home . 
  even though i would say that armies in general are kind of invisible in many european countries , specially those which are not a relevant target for terrorists + they are not located east enough to have nato exercises and deterrent forces against russia . 
  can i ask how is the afghanistan mission seen in germany ? 
  does the army at least get some sympathy when there are german casualties ? 
  cause here in cz our army is also hardly ever mentioned , but whenever someone dies on a mission ( not that it happens often ) , it 's a big deal , it 's all over the media , there are public ceremonies for the fallen soldier/s or even some public fund started for the families , so generally there is a lot of of symphathetic reactions ( well expect for the few hardcore anti-american people who will call the soldiers mercenaries and tools of american imperialism ) . 
  on the other hand , there were several corruption scandals in the army in the past , and not just small ones , so people here are also pretty sceptical , the vast majority though makes the difference between the actual soldiers ( those are liked ) and the politicians at the defense ministry ( those are disliked ) . 
  why does n't bw have any support from the population ? 
  is it still because of the history ? 
  i can understand that germans do n't want/don ' t feel like they need a large active army , but why would they not support the current troops that they have ? 
   we take our trash very seriously . 
  i feel like this sentence was redundant after your provided us with that magnificant list describing german trash system . 
  but no , seriously , this is the most german post i have seen in a while . 
  that 's true . 
  i mean if you succeed in such a homogenous enviroment as is poland or cz , where cca 95 % of the people are native white locals , then you know you have some pretty impressive integrating skills . 
  probably has a lot to do with their self-sacrifice culture - from my experience with the vietnamese , the parents will do absolutely everything to improve the life prospects of their children , even if it means they will basically see their kid only during the weekends because they have too much work during the weekdays . 
  here in cz it was actually very common in the 90s for the vietnamese parents to put their kids to a czech family at the weekdays , those families took care of the kids for a small side income . 
  the vietnamese parents then had more time to make money for their kids future education and for their family back in vietnam . 
  and i mean , no wonder that these 2nd generation vietnamese children integrated so well , when they literaly grew up in czech families . 
  yep . 
  germany does n't want to left with france . 
  france does n't want to be left with germany .
