  and yes , the people then might decide that if they ca n't leave to other eu country , they might as well go back to iraq . 
  but then what 's the point of sending them here in the first place ? 
  it will only boost the preferences of anti-eu parties , it will threaten the pro-european course of several countries , which in the long term will cripple the eu and make it even less capable to deal with any future crisis . 
  and the result ? 
  bunch of angry syrians and iraqis sitting on benefits in central/eastern/southern europe or staying illegally in germany , likely going on criminal path or just leaving back to their home countries . 
  like seriously , i do n't see the logic behind this and i do n't understand if the commission lost the common sense completely or what . 
  my problem is that it is stupid to force people to stay somewhere where they do n't want to stay . 
  yes , if they leave czechia and get to germany , the germans can send them back . 
  now , we have a bunch of frustrated syrians or iraqis , who do n't like it here . 
  they never wanted to come here and the more they will make that clear , the more hostile and cynical will the czech population get . 
  and then even the refugees who actually have an interest in staying here will get the blame . 
  believe it or not , i have actually nothing against taking reasonable number of people who are escaping the war , but only those who are interested in coming here . 
  because if they 're not intersted in coming here , then how are they supposted to integrate here ? 
  like how do you integrate in a country where you 're forced to stay against your will ? 
  i do n't even see how anyone can think this is a good idea . 
  the refugees are human beings , not a cattle than you can fairly distribute . 
  they are from a completely different culture , so that already makes it hard for them to integrate and if there is no motivation to integrate from their side , because they were forced to come here , then you can be 99 % that they will fail to integrate . 
  meanwhile the quota system and fining countries who refuse to comply will cause a political shitstorm in ( not only ) cee countries , undermine pro-eu parties and boost preferences of anti-eu parties , which in the long term will might cause countries to be even more uncooperative to the extent that eu might fall apart . 
  eu falling apart will be even less likely to solve the problems in the middle east and africa and thus preventing the migrants from coming . 
  so the migrants will be still coming , only this time eu will be even weaker and less capable to deal with it . 
  yes , i know . 
  some people might prefer to stay illegally at some places rather than legally at other places . 
  it might not be such a problem within germany , but i have a feeling it will a problem in a germany or bulgaria type of situation . 
  and even if we can keep people in the alocated countries , what is the point ? 
  the migrants will not be satisfied , they might in fact get frustrated , this will only antagonize the local population , because they will see the behaviour as ungratefulness or even contempt and the chances that the migrants will integrate will be very low . 
  a lot of the people who have valid asylum claim still have the preference to get to a specific countries . 
  so they will apply for asylum in europe , hoping to be relocated to western/northern country . 
  if they do n't , they will get frustrated and will either refuse to go or they will go and will try to leave the country asap and get even more frustrated once they realize they ca n't . 
  or they will just leave either way , prefering to stay illegally in germany than legally in bulgaria . 
  and what will eu do ? 
  under international law , you ca n't send the person back if he has valid asylum claim . 
  you might try to restrict where he goes , but it might not work and if it does work , this person will be pissed because he is forced to stay somewhere where he does n't want to stay - which is the worst starting point for succesful integration . 
  i really do n't know where to begin . 
  look , i do n't even blame the people that much for wanting the best possible conditions for themselves , it 's in a way understandable . 
  but come on , the migrants came to greece and to the balkan countries and to hungary with the intention to get to germany . 
  yes , the countries did not manage to provide perfect treatment , but even if they did , they were never the target countries . 
  the migrants did not try to stay in greece , or in other countries along the way to see what the conditions will be like , they went straight up to germany and only got stuck along the way when some countries refused to let them go through , trying to uphold the dublin regulations by registering the migrants and processing their asylum application . 
  if safety is really the primary motivation for migrants when choosing the eu country they want to go to , then why is only germany and sweden so popular ? 
  why are they not going to spain or france ? 
  why do they prefer sweden over finland ? 
  why do they refuse to go to portugal ? 
  you ca n't expain that with `` the population over there is racist and treats them bad '' . 
  we actually took migrants in directly from iraq , they were not treated badly , they were not even on the balkan route , they were taken here by plane . 
  majority of them still left . 
  so please , stop saying that they leave because we treat them badly . 
  it is not the primary motivation . 
  well yes , that will be the most likely outcome . 
  but before that we will get outvoted again , threatened with fines which will cause huge shitstorm in central europe , possibly with anti-eu parties/candidates getting in power , and not just in v4 countries , but also in austria or netherlands where the anti-migration mood is also getting stronger and stronger . 
  and all for what ? 
  for the migrants to leave from the countries where they did n't want to go ? 
  well then why sending them here in the first place ? 
  why wasting the energy and political capital on some relocation plan , when we should instead be focusing on keeping the migrants in their home countries/in the first safe countries . 
   building walls in hungary , austria , serbia etc is just going to exasperate the situation in all europe and will certainly bring to the collapse of the entire continent . 
  building walls temporarily screws over the first country , but in the long term , the migrant flow gets smaller , because the migrants can see that they are not gon na get through . 
  everyone said that closing the balkan route is unacceptable , that greece is going to collapse , but as it turned out , it actually worked ( the deal with turkey helped as well obviously ) and now not even germany wants to open the balkan route again . 
  if eu can make the same deal with african countries and send a clear signal that any economic migrants will not get in by closing the first possible border , then italy will suffer at the beginning , but in the long term it will actually improve the situation for everyone , since the migrants will see that if they try to come illegally , they will just not be allowed to continue to their desired destination . 
  some will still try it , but there will be less of them . 
  it does n't matter though . 
  according to international law as long as the person is from unsafe country , you ca n't send him back , even if it 's clear that his primary motivation is not to find a safe place , but to get to the richest country . 
  yeah , there were literaly hundreds of thousands of people on the balkan route and these countries are much smaller and poorer than germany , so of course the conditions were not good , what is your point ? 
  it does n't mean that the motivation of the migrants to get to germany and sweden is not primarely economic . 
  poland and czechia are not on tha balkan route , yet the migrants we took in directly from iraq left as well . 
  oh yes , the refugees that we took in were treated so horribly here . 
  they only got free accomodation , food , healthcare , language lessons and were about to receive new flats without having to pay for rent for a year , before they decided to leave to germany or back home . 
  apperantly it is more unsafe here than in iraq . 
  if you seriously think that the motivation to go to the richest countries in eu is motivated mainly by safety-concerns , than you are really out-of-touch with reality . 
  yep , i agree , unfortunately the majority of the migrants apparently do n't . 
  we actually tried taking some directly from iraq , most of them either left to germany or returned to their home country after a month or two . 
  the same thing happened in poland . 
  yet we 're the heartless selfish bad guys when we do n't want to sign a blank cheque of the eu commission . 
  i would be absolutely fine taking a few thousands of refugees , but somehow i doubt that we could find that many of them who would be willing to come here . 
  the commission plans to force the migrants to stay in the alocated countries by refusing to give them any sort of benefits if they move somewhere else . 
  because forcing people to go to countries where they do n't want to go and stay there is the greatest way to make sure they will integrate succesfully . 
  it will for sure not create any tensions among the migrants , once they find out they are trapped somewhere where they had no intention of going . / s, 
  keeping fingers crossed for you that you will get rid of this guy eventually . 
  do n't resign . 
  every country sometimes gets into a tough period . 
  there is always possibility for things to get better . 
  that 's worse than i thought . 
  quite absurd that european commission now reacts so sharply when it comes to poland , yet they ignored this when it was happening . 
  does orb\u00e1n actually have the power to control what they broadcast , or is it more of a indirect influence , where the journalists just self-censore themselves to avoid getting in trouble with their bosses ? 
   i keep thinking about what would happen if the politicians tried to `` wait out '' the media-shitstorm that would form if it had become obvious that they will never actually deliver on their promises ... would n't the people who do n't really care about politics start feeling hopeless and frustrated and go back to not caring ? 
  that can happen , but it 's not a reason to not try anything in the first place . 
  i mean it is now quite obvious that our politicians will not pass all the laws that reconstruction proposed . 
  they did n't specificaly refuse anything , but there is no way they could get it through all in time even if they wanted . 
  and it 's quite apparent some of the laws are not exactly their top priorities . 
  i think we might get 5 of 9 by the end of election period . 
  anything more than that would be a surprise . 
  but even if it was just one , it would be worth it . 
  and if we got zero ? 
  well i still have some faith in the czech citizens that they would get pissed , specially at one of the new party from the last election which basically build their campaign on the promise to fight corrupution . 
   `` how media love reporting on failed promises specially before every election '' oh , yeah , right i forgot that 's still a thing in normal countries sorry if this is an ignorant question , but what 's the deal with hungarian media ? 
  i have heard about problems with polish media , but nothing about hungarian media . 
  not really . 
  as i said , the negativity and resignation is very much present in the czech society as well . 
  you do n't need the whole society to be active , you need a small group of really enthusiastic people who are dedicated to their cause , you need a few experts who will be willing to help with designing the necessary steps , you need a few sponsors to be able to invest a bit in marketing and you need to get the attention of the media . 
  you do n't have to stay in the media all the time , you do n't need the general public to stay informed and active for a long time , you just have to get their attention before the election to make it attractive for politicians to pledge for your cause . 
  once you have this , the real work is ahead , where you actually have to make the politicians deliver on their promises . 
  the public here also quickly lost their interest after the election , but the whole reconstruction team + their hardcore supporters ( like me ) did n't . 
  there are not that many of us , but just enough to make pressure on the mps - they all know how media love reporting on failed promises specially before every election .
