  do i have to be white ? 
  and does it have to be central european white , or is southern european white ok as well ? 
  i mean if you ca n't properly define it , then you ca n't reject people on the basis that they are `` not real czechs '' . 
  you will always have to set some specific criteria and for me the , the respect for the very basic values of our society is the main thing . 
  other things are also important to fit in the society , but you do n't have to fulfill all the `` typical czech '' stereotypes to be granted citizenship . 
  as for the british pensioners in spain - well they may fulfill the criteria , but you said it yourself - they have no interest in becoming spanish . 
  so then where 's the problem , you do n't have to grant them citizenship , since they will not apply for it anyway . 
  everyone with a czech citizenship is technically speaking a czech . 
  the thing is that the number of czechs who are so hardcore anti-gay that they would want to ban homosexuality is very very low . 
  i literaly do n't know a single one . 
  there are czechs who have some prejudices against gays but otherwise have this live and let live attitude . 
  i do n't deny that there are some who hold radical anti-gay views , but it 's not the majority opinion . 
  of course you ca n't really do anything about the radical minority , you ca n't take citizenship from them , but what you can do is not import more people who hold these views , which go against what the majority of czechs are thinking . 
  i know this question concerns germany for now , but i have a feeling many other european countries will face the same problem in the next few decades , so i might as well share my opinion . 
  for me , anyone can become czech ( i.e. 
  get czech citizenship ) as long as he/she : a ) fullfils all the legal criteria ( has been pernamently living here for a long time period , speaks the language at least on b2 level , pass the czech culture/geography/politics / society test and so on ) b ) accepts our legal and political system and basic ( secular and liberal ) values . 
  and that does n't mean that he/she sort of reluctantly tolerates it but secretly thinks that homosexuality should be banned . 
  it also does n't mean that he/she respects our values in the public life , but wants to keep applying his/her own values in private lifes . 
  i mean , if you want to sort out your family affairs by sharia law , then do it in a muslim majority country , not in the czech republic . 
  the czech republic should guarantee all its citizens fair and equal treatment , no matter what their religion is , so if you 're not ready to accept that your daughters should have exactly the same rights as your sons , you should not be living here . 
  the political/legal system and the basic values of our society must come first and only after that your religion . 
  if you are willing to respect this 100 % , then i do n't care what your skin colour , nationality or religion is , you can become czech . 
  if you do n't want to respect this , or only want to respect a part of it , then there 's no place here for you . 
  well i 'm also not sure how would a war between eu and russia play out , but hopefully we wo n't have to find out - that 's what detering is for . 
  yes , i know that swedish economy is doing very fine , but not everything is about economy , right ? 
  if you have a significant surplus of young men in the late teens and early 20s who have very little chance to find a partner ( because they 're at the bottom of the society so swedish women will not date them ) , this will very likely create tensions . 
  you can still have a great economy , but you will also have ( as a woman ) higher chance to get assaulted . 
  and also there have been statistics saying that the majority of refugees were still unemployed after 15 years in sweden and there is already a big housing shortage in big swedish cities , so how exactly will is this mass immigration supposed to help sweden ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not saying that sweden is an unsuccessful country , i just do n't think that sweden 's success has that much to do with immigration . 
  might sound a bit dumb , but i always tend to forget that sweden actually has only 10 milion people . 
  in my mind i see sweden as a big country , so i tend to just automatically assume that their population is also big and then i realize that their population is actually the same size as czech population . 
  and that sweden brought what , some 250k people in the last two years ? 
  and that most of these people are young poorly educated men . 
  how could anyone possible think that this would be a good idea ? 
  swedish women will not date them . 
  i know i would n't . 
  not because they have a different skin colour , but because they will be unemployed probably for the next 10 years . 
  and because they hold beliefs and values that are probably significantly different from mine . 
  and since no one will date them , they will get frustrated . 
  this is a really bad situation and the worst part is that there is no way to fix this now if these people already were granted asylum . 
  russians can partly blame themselves . 
  right after the revolution and it the early 90s the west really was n't planning to let us join , even though we were pushing for it . 
  then russia tried to pull of some shady shit in the baltics and forcibly keep them in the su . 
  there was also the unsuccesful coup d'etat against gorbachev . 
  this signaled that reforming russia probably wo n't happen and thus the west changed the strategy . 
  i 'm not suprised russia is butthurt over it , because yelcin actually made an attempt to change the course and this was n't met with the kind of response he hoped for in the west . 
  if you ask me , we did what we had to , to secure our safety as much as possible . 
  the likelihood of russia turning into a well-functioning democracy which would no longer pose any threat to us was always very low . 
  not many people realize how incredibely hard it is to completely rebuild a country ( meaning not just from an economical but also political point of view ) , specially if the change was not called from the inside , but basically forced from the outside ( and without the outside party overseeing the change ) . 
  realistically under these conditions the changes in russia were never gon na happen . 
  not letting us in nato would mean keeping us in a security vacuum which russia would eventually try to fill in and you would have ukraine-style scenario happening only this time much closer to your border . 
   why not ? 
  millions of foreign nationals , many of them from mexico , are taking complete advantage of our birth right citizenship , public welfare systems , depressing wage norms , and undercutting americans for jobs . 
  ok . not sure if building a gigantic wall is even logistically possible and even if it was - how the fuck does trump plan to force mexico pay for it ? 
  if his plan is to go to isolation , then why does he think he will have such a huge influence over mexico to make them pay for something so expensive which they have no interest in ? 
  and are n't most of the illegal migrants in the us actually people who originally came legally and then overstayed their visa ? 
  how would a wall work against them ? 
   how much longer can we maintain our own nuclear threat against china and north korea for them ? 
  i do n't understand your point here . 
  yes , the chinese are increasing their nuclear arsenal , but they are still not close to the size of us or russian nuclear arsenal . 
  the us can easily deter them . 
  the situation with north korea is more complicated because their regime is way more unpredictable , but the answer definitely is n't `` everyone should go nuclear '' . 
  proliferation of nuclear weapons can never be a good thing . 
  it 's not just that the more countries with nuclear weapons you have , the more likely a nuclear conflict will eventually happen , it 's also that with the increasing number of nuclear weapons , accidents or miscalculations are more likely to happen . 
  and sorry if i 'm putting words into your mouth , but it seems to me that you somehow think that the us is some sort of a victim here . 
  as if europe forced or manipulated america into the role of hegemon . 
  but that 's not the case . 
  the us accepted this role after ww2 and even made it very clear to western europeans what their new position is and that they are not to take serious actions outside of europe without consulting with the us - the suez crisis is the most notable example of this . 
  europeans eventually got comfortable with this arragement , because as it turned out , it was profitable for them . 
  it was profitable for the us as well though , otherwise you would n't push for this role . 
  the security clima changed with the end of cw and i agree that the current level of spending in europe needs to get higher . 
  but to completely abolish the arragement would not be good for anybody . 
   that is , the only participating countries initially would be the smaller economies of eastern europe which share common security goals and concerns . 
  well you know , that 's already kinda happening . 
  military cooperation was always one of the main agenda of v4 and it was already announced that we will be sending a common rotation unit to the baltics probably in the next half of 2016 or in the beginning of 2017 . 
  the problem is , we can cooperate all we want , but without at least some support from western european countries , mainly germany and the uk , it 's not really meaningful . 
  even if all ee countries raised their defense budgets to 2 % of gdp we would still not be strong enough to deter russia on our own . 
  yeah , in the current climate i 'm afraid something like this would happen instead : eastern europe : hey , so now that the us is gone , can you send more troops here to deter russia ? 
  germany : yeah , maybe a few dozens , but not more . 
  you did n't want to take refugees , so screw you . 
  and besides that , we are pacificts now . 
  france : no , sorry , too busy dealing with terrorist threats . 
  southern europe : what ? 
  you think we would fight russia over some baltic countries ? 
  are you crazy ? 
  uk : you know , we would , but we do n't want to be dragged in a serious conflict with russia without the americans backing us . 
  but hey , maybe i 'm just being too pessimistic , perhaps europe would get its shit together . 
   i 'm not , but as a voter , i 'm dead set on trump so we can put america first you can obviously vote for whoever you want , but from the outside perspective , trump seems just crazy . 
  we 're going to build a wall and make mexico pay for it ? 
  seriously ? 
  and how about his `` let 's just let south korea and japan have nuclear weapons ? '', 
  `` and how about saudi arabia ? '', 
  `` yeah , saudi arabia , sure , why not ? '', 
  i mean , wtf , is this dude for real ? 
  is he seriously thinking that bringing more nuclear weapons to the middle east is a good idea ? 
   why not ? 
  because if you go back to isolation , you will not be a hegemon anymore . 
  if you lose your influence in europe , your power status will suffer . 
  you may interpret it otherwise ( now we have more money for ourselves , we can stay safely in america , we do n't have to play the world police ) , but that 's not how the rest of the world will interpret it . 
  they will see the us leaving their sphere of influence and you can bet that other countries will be eager to find out what else is the new us willing to swallow .
