  obviously this provokes reactions from people from net-receiving countries , pointing out that eu funds are absolutely not the only money transfers that happen within the eu . 
  i agree that some take it too far , arguing that we exploits ee . 
  but i 'm not really suprised , because people from the former eastern bloc countries are usually very sensitive about anything they view as coercive measures from abroad . 
  so whenever someone comes up with the ` you have to do this , because you owe us , we give you money ' narrative , this immediately sparks angry reactions . 
  additionally , nobody likes to be treated as if there was a clear hierarchical relation where western european countries are on the top , because they put more money in the eu budget and so they can boss around , while eastern european countries are on the bottom and should obey . 
  look , the unemployment in the czech republic is extremely low . 
  whoever wants a job can easily get some job . 
  in this situation , cutting some welfare for the unemployed is not gon na hit many people . 
  but it 's not like this is some well-prepared policy of his . 
  this is basically just his way of saying ` hey , those damn gypsies refuse to work and just collect benefits , let 's cut those benefits for them ' . 
  it 's something czech voters want to hear and that 's why most politicians say it before elections and then they mostly do nothing anyway . 
   but mah sovereignty !, 
  well , having your own currency is an important aspect of sovereignity , so i do n't see this as a stupid argument . 
  obviously it 's another thing whether having your own monetary policy is more important than whatever benefits euro brings , but there 's no question that giving up your authority over your monetary policy and hand it over to a supra-national institution means losing some sovereignity . 
   the evil eu !, 
  the euro is doomed to fail !, 
  it is bankrupt !, 
  yeah , babi\u0161 was kinda exaggerating there . 
  he obviously was talking about the situation in greece and also in italy ( concerning their banking sector ) , but he could have worded that much better . 
   i 'm sure you have strong and valid reasons for not wanting to join , so why not highlight those ? 
  not sure whether you want me to highlight the reasons or whether you ask why he did n't highlight them . 
  if the second , then you should bear in mind that whatever babi\u0161 says about foreign policy is primarely targetted at his domestic audience . 
  and most of his voters do n't really have much understanding about economics , so they would n't appreciate any too sophisticated arguments . 
  this is a code language for gypsies in the czech republic . 
  nobody says it openly , but everyone understands that whenever a politician starts talking about people who parasite on the social welfare , they mean the roma people . 
   because membership off the erm and adopting the euro is required by eu law if you have no opt-out ( which only the uk and denmark have ) . 
  there is no mandatory deadline for that . 
  the current legislation is set in a way that it allows the country to choose when it wants to join eurozone , so theoretically , a country can postpone it indefinitely . 
  we 're not doing anything illegal . 
  sweden is doing the same thing for longer time than us and nobody is mad at them . 
   is he an ideologue ? 
  no , he 's literaly a total opposite of that . 
  he 's a mix of a pragmatist and a populist , i.e. 
  he support whatever works well ( in his opinion ) or whatever is popular among the public . 
  he refuses to put any ideological label on his movement , the party really is a catch-all party , his voters come from all sides of the political spectre . 
  in practice though , you could call his economic policies centre-right . 
  his big area of focus is vat evasion , which is kind of hilarious , since he is accused of using legal loopholes to avoid paying taxes in the past . 
  when it comes to foreign policy , that 's where his populist side is the strongest . 
  in general he is showing a minimal interest in european affairs , or just foreign policy in general , he only cares about the ` big topics ' like the migrant crisis or the euro and he always adapts whatever position is mainstream among the public . 
  just recently the leader of his party 's foreign affairs committee resigned on his post , saying that the reason for that was that neither babi\u0161 , nor anyone else from the leadership showed any interest in his work . 
   how did he make his money ? 
  just like most of the other people , who got rich very quickly in the early 90s - in not a very clean way . 
   how likely is it he 'll become premier ? 
  pretty likely . 
  his party leads with a big margin . 
  it 's still several months until the elections , so things might change , but if they do not , the only chance how he could not become a pm is if the other parties form some anti-babi\u0161 coalition . 
  but that 's not very likely , because the other parties come from all sides of the political spectre , so they might find it very difficult to form a functional coalition . 
  to be honest , i 'm also really puzzled why some people react so angrily . 
  i can sort of understand why some people are mad at us for not wanting to take in refugees , but in this , i really do n't get what upsets people so much . 
  it 's not like we 're hurting any other european country by not joining eurozone . 
  the eurozone does n't need us , so why does it matter so much if we do or do not join it ? 
  do you also look at sweden as suckers who refuse to do what they promised or is this only reserved to us ? 
  and if so , will we still be suckers if we stop being net-receivers after 2020 when the uk leaves and the average gdp goes down ? 
  and what would you have us do ? 
  force our population into wanting euro or what ? 
  the reality is that a country can not be forced into joining eurozone . 
  we 're not doing anything illegal , we are just doing what the legislation allows us . 
  no , the cohesion funds have nothing to do with a membership in the eurozone . 
  other non-euro countries also receive eu funds . 
  you do n't have to be in eurozone to receive them . 
  we have agreed to adopt euro but there is no specific deadline so the current legislation allows us to postpone it indefinitely . 
  sweden even held a referendum on it and refused joining the eurozone despite being formally obliged to . 
  not wanting euro as a national currence does n't mean that we 'll refuse any money transfers in euros . 
  again , why should we refuse money that is available to us ? 
  we are not stealing anything , all countries agreed on the eu 's budget until 2020 and on the cohesion funds . 
  it 's obviously not in our interest to refuse the money allocated to us . 
  you can accuse babi\u0161 of all sorts of things , but being fiscally reckless is not one of them . 
  at least not in a way that would be anyhow unusual in the european context . 
  on the contrary , on average we have one of the most stable state of public finances . 
  and babi\u0161 never was the one who just wanted to spend , spend and spend when he was in the government , it was more so his coalition partner , the social democrats who wanted a bloated state budget . 
  true , but that still does n't mean that we ` hate ' the eu . 
  the biggest group of people actually sees the eu neutraly - neither positive nor negative . 
  why should we ? 
  the cohesion policy is not something that applies only to the eurozone . 
  not wanting euro is not the same as hating the eu . 
   poland has been a problem to brussels since day # 1 and that problem will finally be handled after 10 years of slackness . 
  lol , poland 's previous government was in power for a very long time and they were very pro-eu and suddenly poland is a problem since day 1 ? 
  how long have you been following polish politics that you feel qualified to make such statements ? 
  we did n't have a formal allience treaty with the uk as we did with france though . 
  yeah , that is a very big issue in hungary . 
  there really are n't many viable alternatives . 
  the opposition , apart from jobbik , is fragmented and not very competent . 
  still the more aggressive we gets against poland and hungary , the more difficult it will be for any reasonable pro-eu opposition to succeed . 
  well that 's definitely not gon na work with poland and hungary , it will just get pis and orban re-elected . 
   however , you have a major strain of political spectrum that 's anti-eu , which is n't present in slovakia . 
  that 's because the population is also more eurosceptic than slovak population . 
   but basically quota system is not a bad system . 
  does it have flaws ? 
  yes it does but its not fundamentally wrong . 
  we need to help italy and greece to allocate the refugees that are stuck there and as someone linked it here its picking up and everyone is on board . 
  ever since the quota system was launched , the commission has not once commented or released any sort of information about how many of the refugees stay in their assigned countries . 
  we can only make our conclusions from news reports which btw . 
  show that the refugees are leaving basically all eastern european countries or they even drop out of the programme once they learn that they 're to be moved to romania or bulgaria . 
  the commission does n't react to these reports . 
  it never tries to dispel the information . 
  it never releases any statistics about this and the only logical conlusion for that is that they very well know that the quota system does n't work , they just do n't want to admit it . 
  another issue with the quota system is that it does n't even help greece or italy that much . 
  only few people coming to greece or italy are actually eligible to participate in it . 
  even countries that are super ethusiastic about the system like sweden can not meet their quota because there simply is n't enough eligible candidates . 
  so thee overall number of relocated people remains low and will remain low even if v4 started to relocate .
