  nope , because that 's only one part of the country . 
  moravia and silesia ( the two other parts ) would be mad at you . 
  it 's the same thing as if you were calling netherlands `` holland '' . 
  oh , when i said anglophilic in this context i basically meant `` really like british sitcoms , rock bands and top gear ( in the case of guys ) and kate and william ( in the case of girls ) '' . 
  i 'm pretty sure none of them would approve of british colonial crimes . 
   all i can say is ... sorry , and please do n't tar us all with the same brush because of the actions of < 1 % . 
  of course not , i understand that not all british people hate eastern europeans . 
  however our media have been heavily reporting about the wave of attacks on polish people since brexit and now that it 's a czech ( regardless of whether this was a hate crime or not - imo not so likely , since he was a city businessman - not someone you woud exactly pick if you wanted to attack an eastern european ) , it is all over the news here . 
  many people do form their opinions based on what they see in the media or what they read on facebook . 
  it 's the same thing with your tabloid media and their coverage of eastern europe . 
  also a confirmation bias is playing a role . 
  suddenly everyone 's who has ever had a bad experience with a british person ( be it a verbal attack , condescending behaviour or even violent behaviour ) or has a friend who has this experience , will remember this and `` forget '' all the good experience . 
  just recently i went to a pub with my friends and the topic of brexit came up and it ended up with everyone sharing their/their friends ' experience of all bad that happened to them when they were visiting/studying/working in the uk basically to make a point `` yes , it 's true , british people look down on us '' . 
  [ nooooo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h07zyvknyl8 ), 
   chekland ok , i know i said whatever name . 
  but i did n't know someone would come up with something this hideous . 
  chekland is definitely strictly forbidden . 
  the whole brexit does n't give the uk the best promo to be honest . 
  i 've seen some of my very liberal , cosmopolitan , anglophilic friends to go from `` omg , the uk is the best country ever , it 's so cool , the british culture and people are so awesome '' to `` eh , wtf is wrong with the uk , do they just hate all of us ? 
  you can listen to the pronunciation on [ google translator ] ( https://translate.google.cz/?hl=cs&amp;tab=wt#cs/en/%c4%8desko ) , which btw . 
  has n't seem to discovered the word czechia yet . 
   why would n't we use that ? 
  why would english speaking people use czech words ? 
  that does n't make any sense , we also use our own czech words for other countries and not the words in the language of each respective country . 
  for example we do n't call england `` england '' , but `` anglie '' . 
  well this czechia-chechnya thing has kind of been around ever since the boston marathon bombing , when some of the us media got it wrong and reported that they were from the czech republic , not from chechnya . 
  i think some former cia agent called us `` czech islamic republic '' on cnn . 
  yes and as a revenge we will be putting ketchup on our pizza and spaghetti . 
   but what do you call it ? 
  well i do n't really use the english name so often , since i 'm not living abroad ... and here we obviously speak czech and we have a one word name for our country in our language - \u010cesko . 
  when i write in english , i usually still use czech republic , when i 'm lazy i sometimes write cz , but i have no problem using czechia as well . 
  really , i just do n't care . 
  i do n't really know why people like/dislike czechia . 
  i suppose some people just do n't like how it sounds . 
  some do n't like that it resembles chechnya too much . 
  some are just old-fashioned and do n't like any changes . 
  on the other hand , some people like it , because it 's shorter and they find it stupid to use czech republic when most of other countries have a one word name . 
  or they have completely different reasons , i do n't know . 
  for me , it 's really not important . 
   if you want to do every man for himself , germany can just close their borders and let all the other countries deal with the migrant problem . 
  well abolishing schengen and closing the borders within the eu would actually be the only effective solution for preventing the refugees to move elsewhere from the country they were allocated to . 
  but abolishing schengen would be economicaly damaging to absolutely everyone involved , including germany , so no one wants to do that . 
  it would be especially damaging to export oriented countries , such as germany , so some pernament closing of borders is really off the table . 
  so really , what would you expect us to do ? 
  if the borders are not closed , we have no way of preventing them from leaving . 
  once they 're in germany , it 's germany 's responsibility to return them . 
  they are not even able to do that . 
  it 's not like we 're refusing to take them back . 
  what else should we do ? 
  launch a `` please , please , stay here , do n't go to germany '' campaign ? 
  it 's simply not in our power to prevent them from leaving . 
  the message that germany is the `` must-go-to '' place simply spread around middle east , it 's been heavily supported by the smugglers and german politicians not only failed to refute this reputation , they also ( even if unintentionally ) supported it . 
  again , none of this is our fault . 
   germany 's one of the only countries who is actually putting europe first , imo . 
  yeah , germany only started to care about the massive crowds of people coming to europe when it became their problem as well . 
  before that , they were rejecting any relocation mechanism that italy asked for , just like we 're rejecting it now . 
  they were doing exactly the same thing and switched their attitude only when it concerned them . 
  no country in europe is putting europe first . 
  every single country is putting its interests first , which is understandable . 
  some countries may do more for the eu than others , but nobody has europe/eu as the number one priority . 
  i 'm not sure if that guy is joking or not , but if not , this is definitely not the opinion of the majority of czechs . 
  i know , i have honestly no idea why people spend so much time discussing this , or even argue about it . 
  it 's a non-issue . 
   there is only so much opportunity to go around , so some will just have to accept only safety for now . 
  expect that they do n't accept it and nobody in the eu is capable of enforcing this . 
  refugees that escaped from here to germany are still in germany even though the courts have decided that they should be returned and our authorities are ready to take them . 
  still , none of them returned , because some simply dissappeared and germans do n't know where they are , while others are just refusing to return . 
  you said it yourself . 
  germany can offer them more than us . 
  they know it themselves . 
  it 's understandable that they go there . 
  it 's not our fault nor our problem that germany made itself so attractive for mena migrants that migrants are refusing to stay in other european countries . 
  it 's germany 's problem that they made the wrong signals which the migrants/refugees read as an invitation and think that a paradise is waiting for them in germany . 
  we ca n't do anything about them not wanting to stay in our countries , german politicians may not like it , but that 's just how it is . 
  omg , did n't we already have enough of these articles ? 
  guys , just use whatever english name you want , it 's no big deal . 
  if their application is rejected and they dont get other kind of protection ( i.e. 
  subsidiary protection ) , then they should be deported . 
  they have the right to appeal the decision though , so the deportation process can overall take a lot of time . 
  and it 's also difficult to accurately say how efficient the deportations are , because we 're a schengen country bordering germany and austria ( so countries which are in general very attractive to immigrants ) , so many decide to leave andy try their luck there voluntarily , if they see that they probably wo n't get asylum here . 
  for example in 2014 2460 people got the deportation order , only 320 were physically deported ( i.e. 
  they were brought to the airport and someone put them on a plane , or in the case of ukraine on a bus ) , however many more of them probably left voluntarily to other european countries before they could be deported to their home countries , these numbers are impossible to find though , because nobody is checking people at our schengen borders with germany/austria . 
  yeah i get that , but i 'm pretty sure the situation for young people is still much better than in greece , spain or italy where the youth unemployment is sky high . 
  this article seems to suggest that there is a lot of unemployed young people in the uk who struggle to support themselves , but is n't the unemployment level in the uk one of the lowest in the eu ? 
   ee migrants seem to get an unusual amount of hate considering how well they 're doing compared to a lot of other groups . 
  in the uk , this could also be because historically , people of other races were the ones persecuted and over the time this was recognized and their were given `` special '' protection within the society - media and the authorities became very sensitive about racial attacks on black/brown/asian people and so attacking these people became a taboo . 
  meanwhile white people did n't get this protection in the we , because they never were the main target of hate crime there , until ees started migrating to the we . 
  they then became a target as well , only it was n't such a taboo to attack them . 
  but that 's just my random thought , i could be wrong , afterall , i 'm not living in the uk . 
   you also have to give the poles some credit though . 
  oh , i totally see that most poles managed to integrate pretty well in most of the countries they went . 
  i 'm glad for them that they have such a good reputation in denmark . 
  and i 'm sure that the majority of british people also do n't hate them , it 's probably just a small , but very vocal and very violent minority which gets a lot of media attention . 
  i see . 
  i did n't even know that . 
  probably some 100k of czechoslovak soldiers fighting on the russian side did n't help as well . 
  i take it back , a-h empire was n't glorious at all :d, 
   you ca n't really complain about a people not being part of `` the west '' and also complain about them wanting to be part of `` the west '' . 
  they 're going there to become what you 're complaining about them not being . 
  i think that for most of these assholes , this is a too difficult concept to grasp .
