  did they pass the original version or did they include duda 's suggested changes ? 
  also can the polish president actually block the law ? 
  in the czech republic , the president also has a veto , but the lower house can over-rule this veto . 
  so i was wondering whether that 's different in poland . 
   as i said somewhere else , i wish germany would have just a great relationship with poland as we do with france , but it seems the time is not right yet . 
  it would be cool , but the good franco-german relation did n't come out of nowhere either . 
  it was n't like at the the end of ww2 , you two were like `` from this point , we 're best friends forever '' . 
  it took decades of working out the new relationship , testing out each other and even in relatively recent times , france has shown insecurity over germany 's strength , for example when the reunification was happening . 
  ironically even euro was a project that france thought would put limitations on germany . 
  so when you can see that this kind of insecurity was still present in france relatively recently , can you imagine the insecurity and distrust in poland ? 
  specially with germany pushing for projects like nord stream 2 , i 'm not surprised that poland is cautious . 
  while i have no problems to believe that v4 and cee is n't a hot topic in french media , i have troubles beliving that they absolutely never talk about it . 
  but regardless - your president seems keen on talking about it . 
   eu funds should not be used to blackmail poland and hungary on issues not critical to eu 's core or longterm sustainability . 
  agree , but not just poland or hungary , but also other cee countries . 
   however , if they no longer want to abide by the rules of the club , then they 're not eligible for those funds ( or eu membership in the long run for that matter ) . 
  this is a very difficult question for me . 
  while i agree that not complying with the the fundamental rules can be seen as something that erodes the organization itself if not dealt with , from the pragmatic point of view , i 'm not sure whether ( at this point ) cutting funds for poland or hungary altogether would help the situation in poland and hungary . 
  and i do n't want to lose poland and hungary . 
   i also have no problem in using the funds to combat corruption . 
  yep , totally agree . 
   no matter how immoral you think this statement is , it is still pretty stupid to bite the hand that feeds you . 
  no , that does n't mean you should be subservient to the hand , accept getting slapped by it or give one of the fingers a blowjob - just do n't bite it !, 
  well , but it 's subjective what you see as biting and we see as biting . 
  something that from our perspective might seem as merely defending our national interests , western europe will see as biting . 
  i 'm going to repeat myself - over the 90s and 00s we got used to us following their lead in pretty much everything and thus nowadays they react hysterically to every sign of us wanting to have more independent foreign policy . 
   it 's not very helpful to say they only do it to benefit themselves and then generally piss on the relationship ( yes , that is what the hungarian and polish government does to the rest of the eu ) yes , the current polish and hungarian government do n't act very constructively , that 's true . 
  i would like to say something in their defense , but i simply ca n't . 
  their diplomatic code is simply insulting and short-sighted and i do n't agree with how they behave . 
   it leaves me wondering if they would ever do anything for us if we were in trouble if they 're not to directly gain from it . 
  you know , cee wonders about this too . 
  there are many sceptical voices in cee saying that in the ( unlikely ) case of russian attack , we would n't help us . 
  i know you think that you giving us funds already proves that you 're willing to help us , but as i said , from the cee perspective , we look at the economic setting of the eu as a mutually beneficial deal . 
   my point regarding the profits transferring were not that it does n't happen , but that it does n't change the fact that access to the eu market as a whole has benefitted the new members enormously . 
  i know i 'm repeating myself , but it has benefited everyone . 
  i do n't like the word you used here - ` demand ' . 
  we do n't demand anything . 
  you agreed to the cohesion policy . 
  you agreed that convergence was good for everyone . 
  you know , since convergence would mean that you would n't have to worry about losing workplaces , since there would n't be any strong reason to move to cee for cheaper labour . 
  if you did n't like this arrangement , then i would be 100 % more happy if you had said it before we joined , instead of letting us join , giving us eu funds and than at the first sign of serious disagreement use these funds as a form of political and emotional blackmail . 
  granted , this is just what was in our media and what our truck companies were claiming . 
  i do n't have it backed up by independent sources . 
  https://www.expats.cz/prague/article/weekly-czech-news/czech-trucker-fined-for-being-underpaid/ this article is english , so if you do n't mind , can you disprove the information that it states ? 
  because clearly , the article says that the driver was fined while transporting goods through france to netherlands . 
  it also mentions the fact that germany has the same law , but does n't apply it , because the commission is looking into it to see if it 's legal . 
   counterquestion , if a rather new member of a club starts breaking the fundamental rules of the club , that were established before they joined , what would your reaction be ? 
  mine would be expulsion if vocal threats do n't help . 
  well the current legislation does n't allow to kick a country out of the eu . 
  the most serious punishment is to take away its voting rights but that 's a process that requires unanimity and poland and hungary are likely to protect each other . 
  to be honest i 'm not even sure how my country would vote on that , since we might have plenty of disagreements with poland and hungary , but at the same time , they 're our allies and i 'm not sure whether we would turn on them like this . 
  i am myself pretty torn over this , if i knew for sure that cutting poland 's and hungary 's funds would help the situation in poland and hungary , i would support that , because you 're right that this case is different from the one that concerns refugee crisis . 
  this is n't some normal disagreement over how we should deal with some problem , this is a question of the fundamental rules . 
  however at this point , i 'm not sure that stripping poland 's voting rights would help the situation . 
  at least as long as kaczynski holds power over pis . 
  because that man is not acting in a rational manner and he seems like someone who is absolutely willing to put poland through economic hardship and worsens its ties with the eu as long as this enables him to reach his own goals . 
  poland is in the unique position where they kinda need the eu , but they do n't need it for survival . 
  their economy is not as dependent on the western european markets as much as czech or slovak economies are , they 're also the biggest v4 state , also strongest from the military point of view and they have their security backed by nato . 
  thus the eu has less leverage over them than over my country for example . 
  trying to push too hard against poland at this point might actually mean losing them . 
  and obviously i do n't want to lose poland . 
  i also do n't want to lose hungary . 
  i know their current governments suck , but the people themselves do n't suck . 
  they 're also coming from the some geopolitical region as my country , so losing them would mean even less representation for cee than what we have today . 
  so objectively this is n't good for my country so i ca n't support it . 
   the fact that they 're from a different starting point is irrelevant . 
  if i start a business in poland and i 'm the only one profitting from it , then my growth rate will increase no matter the difference . 
  since that 's not the case , either that 's not what 's happening or it is insignificant compared to the other benefits you get . 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't get what you 're trying to say here . 
  could you re-phrase it somehow ? 
  or how is the different starting point irrelavent ? 
  when i have two potatoes and add one potato , i have 50 % of growth . 
  when you have ten potatoes and add one potato , you have 10 % of growth . 
  even though we both grew the same in the absolute terms . 
  comparing the relative growth of we and cee in % is simply a bit misleading . 
   since that 's not the case , either that 's not what 's happening or it is insignificant compared to the other benefits you get . 
  what ? 
  you ca n't just say it 's not happening , it absolutely is happening , just look at [ our balance of payments statistics ] ( https://www.cnb.cz/en/statistics/bop_stat/bop_q/bop_q_eur_2016_en.htm ) , more specifically at the primary and secondary income . 
  of course it gets compensated by having access to the single market and also by the eu funds ( which are really not that big though ) , but that was my whole point - it 's a mutually beneficial agreement . 
   if you help out your poor friend but he shows zero gratitude and instead starts accusing you of all sorts of things and complaining how unfair it is you 're richer than him i 'm not doing any of that . 
  i 'm not saying it 's unfair and i do n't accuse you of all sorts of things . 
  i merely complain about the fact that western europe does n't acknowledge that getting us in the eu was economically beneficial to them and that it does n't want to have a relationship with us that would be based on equal partnership and instead it expects gratitude and subservience from us . 
  well sorry to to disappoint you , but this is no longer the 90s or 00s and we 're not gon na behave like this forever . 
  we have our own interests that we have to look after and wo n't always back down whenever you start pressuring us . 
   we as the eu can not let single countries bear the burden alone especially if they are in a financially difficult position . 
  germany can handle the ones we have , but we can not handle refugees for all of europe , so a solution must be found . 
  and the solution is n't to ship them somewhere where they wo n't stay . 
  the solution is to get much tougher on this issue and just do everything we can to prevent them from ever reaching italian territorial waters . 
  the vast majority of them coming to italy are n't real refugees anyway , they 're economic migrants and this means they 're not allowed to participate in the refugee relocation scheme . 
  they will all be stuck in italy in anyway , regardless of whether poland or the czech republic does or does n't take any refugees under the relocation scheme . 
  if you want to help italy , you have to plug the hole , there is no other way around it . 
  but i 'm going to repeat myself again - none of this has anything to do with the cohesion policy and the eu funds and it gives no right to german politicians to threaten us . 
   about the threats of cutting eu fund for non refugee things , can you link one as i quite frankly do n't know what topics the issue ( s ) were about . 
  the non-refugee things that the eu threatens cee over are the measure taken by the polish government when it comes to the constitutional court in poland and now also the regular courts and the measure taken by the hungarian government against the ngos or the central european university in hungary . 
   from here , what do we do with foreign drivers ? 
  do we let them apply their own rules at the risk of getting headlines news such as `` a polish truck driver causes 16 deaths in a car crash on the highway after driving for 12h straight '' ? 
  or do we require that every truck driver that uses french roads comply with french rules ? 
  according to our truck companies , you stop the drivers and demand that they prove that they 're paid a minimal french wage . 
  when they ca n't prove that , you issue them a fine . 
  i agree that it 's a difficult topic , but the way french authorities are acting is unreasonable .
