  they are none in my country , except for those who occasionally cross it on their way to/from their pernament bases in germany to/from countries further east from us . 
  it 's a broad topic , so you will have to decide whether to want to cover the entire region ( but you 'll not be able to go really in-depth ) or whether to focus on a specific country ( ies ) - sort of do some kind of case study . 
  you could for example pick two countries , perhaps one that nowadays has problem with democratic backsliding and one that ( seemingly ) does n't and compare the democracy-building developments there . 
  if you want to cover the whole region , you could perhaps focus on the west 's tactics ( specially the eu ) in strenghtening the democracies in cee - and how succesful this was , what possible mistakes were made and so on - for this kind of topic you 're more likely to find english sources . 
  because if you decided to go really in-depth on some country , then i think you would probably have problems to find enough relevant sources without knowing the local language . 
  they do n't really threaten us openly nowadays , but back then when there were plans about placing a us anti-missile radar on our territory ( the plans were later cancelled by the obama administration ) , the subtle threats ( i.e. 
  `` by accepting this radar , you 're making yourselves a target , in case of a nuclear war , this radar could be among the first hits '' etc. ), 
  were rather common . 
  i 'm from the czech republic . 
  i know that kurds exist and that you live in your own autonomous areas in iraq and syria . 
  i also now that turkey has a significant kurdish minority . 
  in terms of religion , i know most of you are muslim , but i tend to associate you with secularism way more than other ethnicities/nations in the middle east . 
  without googling , i must admit that i do n't know what is the most dominant language among kurds . 
  i also do n't know much about your culture and i had no idea that you 're ethnically/culturally close to persians . 
  does that mean you 're close to iran ? 
  when it comes to politics , i know you guys have troubles with turkey . 
  i know there 's a terrorist organization - pkk which also attacks civilians and as such is recognized as a terrorist organization not only by turkey , but also by european countries . 
  but afaik turkey also considers syrian kurdish forces terrorists and i do n't really have an opinion on this , i do n't know whether that 's fair , or whether that 's just turkish power play in the region . 
  i know that my country was sending ammunition and other equipment to peshmerga to support them against isis , but afaik peshmerga only is a military of the iraqi kurds , not the syrian kurds ? 
  peshmerga actually got a quite lot of positive publicity here , they were portrayed as the only local competent force that is able to fight isis . 
  so in general i would say people who know about you mostly have rather positive views , however at the same time there is a huge amount of czechs , perhaps the majority , who know close to nothing about kurds and thus they do n't really have any opinion about you . 
  you can see the net migration rates in european countries in 2013-15 [ here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/a/a1/crude_rates_of_population_change%2c_2013%e2%80%9315_%28per_1_000_persons%29_yb16.png ) . 
  yes , unfortunately this is a fairly common thing with large breeds like bernese . 
  there are some precaution measures that you can take , but sadly you ca n't completely eliminate the risk . 
  it 's a female ? 
  well then obviously she wo n't be as big as a male . 
  you ca n't really compare a female with a male . 
  he grew tall fairly quickly , in a year , he already was this tall , but then it took some 1-2 years to accumulate all the body mass and actually get this large . 
  it 's all a random game of genetics though , not all bernese mountain dogs have the equal size . 
  barney is above-average big , most of other dogs of the same breed are not as big . 
  even two of barneys ' sons who we still see regularely and who are now full-grown adults are not as big as him . 
  barney . 
  [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/eh3brct.jpg ) is a bonus picture of him with his offspring . 
  careful , cuteness overload , 
  [ our bernese mountain dog ] ( http://i.imgur.com/02fxrem.jpg ), 
  i 'm cautiously optimistic about the future development within our country , though i do n't believe we will fully catch up with the western europe any time soon ( economy-wise ) . 
  on the other hand , i 'm quite satisfied with many things in my country , such as : * low unemployment * still relatively low cost of living , which means that if you get good education + you have other useful skills and you get a well-paid job , you can have a pretty decent life here * safety - i 'm a young woman , living in the second biggest czech city for 3 years now and i have never ever felt unsafe here , even when walking alone late at night * relatively decent healthcare system , relatively good public unis * the politics here is not great , but despite all the negative trends i think progress is being made , only it 's often not very visible because the negative things draw the most attention * relatively liberal attitudes of the public , but at the same time , not in the overly optimistic and naive way that is sometimes present in the western europe + even people who do not hold liberal attitudes mostly live under the `` live and let live '' motto . 
  that means that even if they personally hold xenophobic/racist/homophobic views , they mostly do not ventilate it on others with that being said , i also dislike a lot of things here , but i do have emotional and family ties to my country so long-term emigration is not something i 'm considering , at least under the current circumstances . 
  unfortunately i 'm rather pessimistic about the overall developments in the world and i 'm worried this might affect my country since we as a small country can not really control much what is going on around us . 
   because we invest a lot of money in these countries , but they do n't doing anything back . 
  if you think you 're not getting anything back , than look at the damn amount of capital that western-owned companies take out of our countries every year in the form of dividents . 
  hint : it 's way more than what we get in the form of eu funds . 
  \u010cesk\u00e9 bud\u011bjovice is a relatively nice city , not as pretty as \u010cesk\u00fd krumlov , but still definitely enjoyable . 
  pilsen is the home of pilsner urquell , so it 's a great place for a beer tour . 
  plus the historic centre is also quite nice . 
  it 's not an ugly city , but also nothing special . 
  if your main concern is the distance from prague , then [ kutn\u00e1 hora ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ryzgklhnwm ) is probably the best choice ( as was already suggested above ) . 
  it 's close to prague , easily reachable by train , it has a unesco cathedral and other nice places to see . 
  no , i do n't think swiss system would work good for my country . 
  that does n't mean i think the whole system is wrong , i just do n't see it working in the czech enviroment . 
  to be completely honest , i do n't have enough trust in my fellow citizens to make informed choices . 
  i do n't have enough trust that some politicians would not try to misuse the referenda to manipulate the public opinion to push their own agenda and i do n't believe that if we ever were to vote on some foreign policy issues , some foreign actors would not try to intervene in the referendum ( looking at you russia ) . 
  the czech public in general is quite apathetic when it comes to politics , so i can completely see that the majority would not bother to vote anyway , so it would be quite likely that the referenda would end up being hijacked by people with radical views from either side of the political spectre . 
  plus i do n't see why people should directly decide about some complex issues which they do n't understand anyway . 
  i know i sound like an intelectual snob right now , but it 's true - the majority of czechs are simply misinformed about many of the affairs concerning economy/foreign relations/social policies and so on . 
  giving them a brochure with same basic information does not guarantee that they will actually read it and understand it . 
  not to mention that some problems are so complex that you ca n't possibly explain them properly in a short brochure . 
  people spend years studying and researching topics of law/economy/international relations and so on in universities and somehow i 'm supposed to expect some random dude in a small czech town to make an educated enough choice on these topics because he read some 5 pages long brochure with fancy graphs and pictures ? 
  this all obviously does n't mean that elected politicians are all perfect and make only the best informed decisions in the interest of the whole country . 
  but at least they 're bearing some sort of responsibility for the country and they 're held accountable in the next elections . 
  what if the people decide for some stupid law in the referendum that will turn out to be harmful in the long term - who is gon na be responsible for that then ? 
   i think everyone agrees the west is defined as those rich countries where the population has a strong sense of smugness ( just for the lack of a better term ) , democracy , individualism and impersonality , rationalism and all such things . 
  what ? 
  i would say that `` the west '' is mainly a geopolitical term that got prominent during the cw , since it was used as a short version for the western bloc ( opposing to the eastern bloc ) . 
  and obviously the countries within the western bloc do share same values , but they also vary in some other things , so there is no universal `` western ideal '' . 
  i mean , the west is the us , and so is france , italy , germany or norway etc. 
  these countries definitely differ in the culture and mentality . 
  i mean generally americans are definitely totally different from , say , norwegians . 
  so what kind of answer are you looking for here ? 
  you could say that estonia is culturally/mentality-wise close to finland . 
  i would argue that we are relatively culturally/mentality-wise close to austrians . 
  and we could go on and looking for other specific similarities , but how can you tell who is the most close to the `` western ideal '' when western countries themselves are so culturally different . 
  that 's very easy in our case - slovakia - both in terms of culture , shared history , language similarities and social connections . 
  perhaps only in the case of economy , germany is a bigger partner for us , but that 's also given by the different size of germany and slovakia . 
  hey , i got a bottle of wine and a glass of expensive olives , plus we also had a christmas party at a nice restaurant with all food and drinks covered . 
  and i 'm not even a full-time worker , since i 'm also still studying . 
  my mom gave all her employees an e-book reader and my dad gave his employees a 13th salary . 
  not all employers in cz are assholes . 
  for the czech pm , it was south moravia - it is a region located in the [ southern-eastern part of the czech republic ] ( http://wiki.rvp.cz/@api/deki/files/8455/=800px-jihomoravsky_kraj.svg.png ) . 
  yeah , that does n't surprise me . 
  sorry about that . 
  we 're doing this kind of shit in many countries . 
  i 've personally met quite a lot of czechs who were doing this in norway while i was there on erasmus . 
  you mean slovak tourists or slovaks in general ? 
  if tourists , we do n't really have a stereotype about them . 
  if in general , we sometimes joke about them being actually hungarian . 
  when we want to be really mean , we wait till slovakia comes up in a conversation and then we pretend we do n't know what slovakia is and ask whoever brought it up whether he meant upper hungary . 
  but this kind of teasing is pretty rare , we mostly get along with them very well . 
  yeah , nowadays it 's basically a slovak running gag . 
  everytime a tourist has an accident anywhere in slovakia , people joke that it must have been a czech . 
  i can usually recognize the two stereotypical types of czech tourists . 
  1 ) the adventurous czechs . 
  they are convinced of their own abilities in hiking/scuba diving/canoeing a wild river/whatever other high-risk sport activity and they make sure to tell everyone around them about it . 
  they usually refuse hiring an instructor ( because they obviously do n't need one ) and have inadequate safety equipment . 
  if you see a person climbing up a mountain in a hot summer in sandals and carrying just a 0,5 bottle of water , there 's a high chance it 's a czech . 
  2 ) czechs who decided not to spend a single extra penny on the vacation than is n't absolutely necessary . 
  so they brought their own food . 
  and they do n't feel bad taking all this home-made food with them everywhere they go . 
  but other than that , i ca n't recognize ordinary czechs by just looking at them , since we do n't really have some specific appearance . 
  you 're totally misguided , clearly \u0160kodas are the best .
