  throwing money at them would n't fix it , they would have tens or possibly hundreds of thousands people stuck in their country . 
  most of the money would probably be used to take care of the migrants - i do n't see how that would help greek economy . 
  the migrants would get pissed too for being stuck in a country where they do n't want to stay . 
  they already made it clear that they are willing to riot ( see what they were doing in hungary when they were n't allowed to continue , see what 's been happening at the greek-macedonia border the last few weeks ) . 
  the tensions would get very high and i certainly ca n't see greece being happy about all this just because eu `` generously '' gave them some extra money . 
  now let 's assume that the asylum applications could somehow be processed quickly . 
  those who would get asylum could get relocated to other eu country to ease the pressure from greece . 
  but how has the relocation program been doing so far ? 
  it was approved last year in autumn if i remember correctly and so far some 1600 people have been relocated out of 160 000 . 
  this clearly demonstrated that the process is extremely slow and could not ease the pressure from greece fastly enough . 
  those who would n't get asylum would get deported . 
  but where ? 
  turkey would refuse to take them . 
  so they would have to be sent to their home countries . 
  and how has that so far been going ? 
  the return policy everywhere in europe is weak , we are still trying to reach an agreement with all the countries that migrants come from and make them take their people back . 
  overall not reaching a deal with turkey ( and thus failing to get the flow under control ) would put greece in a horrible situation for a while ( until the migrants realized that they have to try new routes ) . 
  no amount of money could change the fact that they tens of thousands of angry frustrated people on their territory who could very quickly turn violent . 
  it would actually increase the tensions inside the eu as well , as the relations between greece and the countries responsible for closing the borders would get super cold . 
   high immigration has always been very present since the '90s , sometimes with the same panicked responses - see the balkan refugee crisis . 
  it 's nothing new . 
  but the balkan refugee crisis was affecting ee countries as well , whereas now we hardly get any refugees ( apart from those who cross ee countries to get to we ) , so it 's easier to play smart and point at we to show how they 're failing . 
  also as far as i 'm concerned the flaws of the integration process ( like the failure to integrate the second or third generation ) are only becoming more clear now . 
  or at least that 's my perception , but i was born in the 90s , so i 'm not very well aware of what was the public discourse back then . 
  and also i was n't trying to say that western europeans looking at eastern europeans as racist xenophobes is a completely new thing , i was just trying to point out that eastern europeans would not have such a strong desire to criticize western europe for their immigration policy , if we did not try to enforce this policy in the whole eu . 
  because then you ca n't say anymore that it 's not our business . 
  i completely agree that we have our own problems and that we is still ahead of us in most aspects and i would be super happy if we could focus on that problems , but it 's the western europe that insists that immigration is everybody 's problem and that we have to take part in the solution . 
  they kinda also insist that they know what the right solution is and we should just follow what eu says . 
  so that makes it our problem too now . 
  from my perspective , western europe basically says : ok , we know you do n't have any refugees , because they do n't want to go to your countries . 
  but we are all in eu , so that it 's your problem as well like it or not . 
  eastern europe : but we can see that the integration of foreigners from completely different cultures has not exactly been perfect in your countries . 
  so maybe let 's try a different approach ? 
  western europe : no , we know best what to do . 
  also why are you criticizing us , do n't you have your own problems in your backward underdeveloped countries ? 
  why are you not focusing on that instead ? 
  it 's probably for the first time since the 90s when we is having a serious problem that ee does n't have ( well maybe apart from the unemployment crisis in the souther europe ) . 
  no wonder that some people enjoy it , it 's a classic case of schadenfreude . 
  but for other people it 's not just that . 
  i think there would be fewer people bitching about germany 's or sweden 's immigration policy if these countries did not try to import this policy through the eu to other countries as well . 
  eastern europeans would more likely mind their own business and focus on their own problems instead of giving `` insightful '' advice on how to deal with the integration of foreigners , if the western europe did n't constantly label eastern europeans as xenophobic backwards thinking racists for not wanting to follow the western policy on the migrant crisis . 
   these paramilitaries hold regular drills in the swiss alps and the czech republic i 'm not sure about the reliability of the information in the article , but honestly i would n't be surprised if it was all true . 
  it is also being reported by some czech journalists that prague is basically a central point for russian spy activities in the central/eastern europe . 
  they have a strong tradition here dating all the way back to prague spring in the 60s and it continues till today because our secret services are underfunded and to some extent incompetent , so they ca n't do much about it . 
  just to give you an idea - russian embassy in prague has over 140 employees , more than double of what the us have . 
  it is estimated that a third of them are probably spies and that 's only the ones we know about . 
  so i would n't be surprised if they chose czech republic for their training given the fact that they have a strong support base here . 
  and since the article got this information right it 's very possible that some of the other information will be legit as well . 
  that 's very nice , thank you , 
  nice analysis :d i was born in 93 , so i was too young to really comprehend the atmosphere of the 90s . 
  but even during my teenage years , we were all absolutely uncritical of anything western . 
  everyone was very pro-eu , pro-us , pro-nato or basically pro-anything that west does in my high school class . 
  whenever there was a conflict between our politicians and eu , we were all like `` omg , stop making problems and do what eu wants , they know much better what to do '' and the same thing with the us , i remember thinking as a 12 year old kid `` jesus , why is everyone so upset about the iraq war , i 'm sure the americans know what they 're doing . 
  they would n't do anything unjust , they were just trying to catch the bad guys . '', 
  so yeah , i know better know :d that does n't meant i 'm anti-eu or anti-us know , as you said geopolitics would n't even allow us that , but even if it did , i obviously still see other europeans countries and the western world in general as the best partners we could possibly have . 
  it 's just that i 'm not looking at them as uncriticaly as i used to and i do n't particularely like everything i see . 
  and i really would n't feel comfortable to hand over all the power to eu . 
  but if you asked me like 7 years ago , i would be like `` sure , our politicians are corrupt or incompetent , let 's have eu deciding everything , they know how to handle things . '', 
   how to sell to eastern european people giving up their national sovereignty and accept western dominance . 
  that 's just impossible to sell . 
  it might have been possible 10 years ago , when we thought that everything west is doing is perfect and we should just copy it all . 
  but now with the refugee crisis , a lot of people in ee started to realize that we countries are also not perfect , they have their own problems , they make mistakes and we do n't want to copy everything anymore , we want to learn from the mistakes that we countries made and do things differently . 
  but to do things differently , you need to have the authority to make the decisions . 
  so it 's pretty much unacceptable to a lot of people to suggest that we should give up the authority . 
  personally if there was a referendum on this i would also be against , not because i 'm against integration in principle , but because i do n't believe that with that sort of decision people would automatically switch their mindset and started thinking as `` europeans '' . 
  no , it would still be french , germans , dutch etc. 
  thinking about their interests first , only this time with way more power to push these interests through . 
  i think the whole idea of a political union is doomed to fail without a common national identity . 
  and the truth is that the vast majority of people still idenify themselves as citizens of their country first and maybe europeans second . 
  as long as this does n't change ( and that could take several generations ) i see no point in political union . 
   another issue i see is that i do not see how you are supposed to convince people that they are somehow obliged to pay to get some eastern european state up to parity to western europe . 
  to be honest , i have really little faith in the whole cohesion policy as well . 
  i do n't want to sound ungrateful , because i know my country got a lot of money through the eu funds . 
  but are we getting any closer to germany or austria ? 
  it does n't seems so . 
  you guys have been sending money to southern europe for what , 30 years ? 
  before ee countries joined and what effect did it have ? 
  it certainly does n't look like it helped greece or portugal . 
  yep , i 'm aware that there are expats living in capitals and other big cities in cee . 
  but the numbers are really not that high . 
  at least not in cz . 
  i dont know about poland , but we have around 40k western foreigners living in cz on long term basis . 
  that 's ridiculously low number , considering we have another 100k people just from slovakia and another 100k people just from ukraine . 
  the numbers might increase a little bit in the future . 
  but even if they were to double and there were 80k westerners in cz , it would create exactly zero trouble . 
  and even if something really dramatic were to happen in the western europe that would force westerners to move out ( which is an incredibly unlikely scenario ) i really doubt that cz or any other ee country would be their first choice when there are other countries like the us , canada or australia available . 
  hmm , i do n't know the exact numbers , but i 'm pretty sure that there were more than just a few thousands of jews in germany before ww2 . 
  more like a few hundreds of thousands . 
  not to mention that the german example is extreme , it 's not like that just because it happened in germany , it is guaranteed to happen elsewhere . 
  the situation with refugees is different , they are much more vulnerable to the public hate in cee countries , i can give you that . 
  it 's not just the people 's fault though , they have legitimate concerns and they can see that these concerns are not very well handled at the european level . 
  but hate on the westerners ? 
  i really ca n't see that happening , people here really like other europeans . 
  most are actually pleasantly surprised ( or even shocked ) that a brit , german , french or an italian wants to live in central/eastern europe . 
  not to mention that it 's very unlikely that there is gon na be any sort of flood of western europeans to eastern europe . 
  even if the conditions somehow got so bad in we ( which is not gon na happen ) that a lot of people decided to move , they would primarely go to the us , australia , canada or new zealand . 
  it 's not like hundreds of thousands germans suddenly said - hey , i know what , let 's all move to prague !, 
  so no , i 'm really not that worried about possible tensions between westerners and easterners in eastern europe . 
  that would have to be mass immigration for it to have this kind of effect . 
  nobody is going to be threatened by a few thousands of westerners .
