  adding a new member would mean breaking this dynamics . 
  and also romania already gets invited to a lot of v4 meetings , so i do n't think full membership is necessary . 
  i actually think this model is much better for you - you can cooperate in the areas where you find it profitable for you , while not getting dragged in the v4 vs western europe fights about migration . 
  oh yeah , it definitely works both ways . 
  i think people who do this on both sides ( and i do n't mean polite criticism , but rude and insulting mocking ) , are usually the ones who are aware that their countries have issues , so they feel better about themselves mocking other countries and pointing out their issues . 
  yeah , but that only works if you 're bad and cool at the same time . 
  i do n't think that 's how we 're perceived in the western europe right now . 
  more like bad , backwards and xenophobic . 
  oh great , so we 're stuck in the big bad visegrad while you 're being all sneaky and forming other groups . 
  not cool poland , not cool . 
  cool kids group ? 
  v4 is more like a troublemakers group in the eyes of western europe right now . 
  we 're the big bad visegrad as the economist called us . 
  not that i really care about that , but if you want to join cool kids group , try the nordic council or something :d also , regional groups only make sense if they connect the countries in the same region , if you add countries which are not in the same region ( in this case central europe ) then you ca n't work as efficiently , because you will have less common interests . 
  as for russia , that 's something that even v4 countries ca n't agree on . 
  hungary nowadays quite openly talks about lifting the sanctions , while poland spends 2 % of their gdp on military and wants pernament nato bases in their country . 
  we and slovaks are somewhere in the middle and i suspect that our politicians would prefer to move 500 westward so that they could bury their heads in the sand and not have to deal with this kind of situations at all . 
  we are against lifting the sanctions and might send some units to the baltics but we wo n't get any more active than that . 
  yes , i would say so , the differences are very small . 
  for example czech and slovak is also very similar , we can understand each other very well , but there are still quite a few words that i do n't know and have to occasionally ask about when talking to my slovak friends and the grammar rules are different . 
  whereas when i moved from my hometown in bohemia to the biggest moravian city to study at uni i hardly noticed any differences . 
  just a little bit different pronounciation and a few different words and that was it . 
  and the dialects are actually kinda slowly dying out anyway , specially in the biggest cities and merging into something which i guess could be translated to english as `` general czech '' . 
  i do n't remember romania even declaring such ambitions in the recent time , maybe in the 90s this was the case . 
  but anyway , i do n't think we , slovaks and hungarians were against just because poland and romania would dominate the group ( it 's really just an informal group , there are no binding resolutions , member countries have zero control over each other ) , afterall there were discussions about slovenia joining ( and slovenia is tiny , so there could hardly be any concerns about domination ) and it was rejected as well , on the basis that v4 works well precisely because we 're a small group and thus we can work efficiently . 
  what ? 
  since when does romania want in v4 ? 
  and why would they , they have [ their own group ] ( http://visegradplus.org/romania-bulgaria-and-serbia-founded-craiova-group/ ) now . 
  there are no huge divisions , just small differences , for example we have different dialects , but we can still understand each other with no problems . 
  moravians and silesians are considered more warm and open , whereas bohemians are usually bit more reserved , basically you could say that bohemians are quite close to germans/austrians while moravians are more close to slovaks . 
  in terms of politics moravians and silesians are slightly more likely to be left-wing , but again , the differences are small . 
  actually the biggest political division in cz is between prague and the rest of the country , similar to the situation in austria , which was especially clear during the recent presidential election . 
  that 's really interesting , i did n't know at all that slovenia was offered to join . 
  it 's funny because we actually almost killed v4 in 93-97 for the same reasons you described . 
  our then pm also thought that we 're more developed than the other 3 v4 countries so they would be slowing us down and we might have a chance to join eu before them . 
  so during this time we pretty much cooperated only in trade . 
  luckily the next government changed the approach and we started to cooperate in energy policy , military and after we joined eu we added eastern partnership on the agenda . 
  nowadays i 'm really glad we have v4 , i see it as a useful tool to promote our common interests in eu and nato . 
  and why is the journey so dangerous for women ? 
  could it maybe be because part of the migrants ca n't even stop act abusive to fellow refugee females ? 
  and the same migrants are then getting the asylum in europe . 
  will be interesting to see how these migrants will act towards german women . 
  the number of people trying to reach europe is simply too high , we ca n't accept them all , so we should prioritize the vulnerable groups first . 
  and the most vulnerable people , who are abused by others in the refugee camps are homosexuals , religion minorities , single women and unaccompanied children . 
  only after these groups can we allow the whole families to come . 
  because the whole families at least have the father/husband to protect them ( well unless he lefts them on their own to reach europe ) , while the most vulnerable groups do n't have anyone . 
   i 've met young women who came here . 
  most of them traveled with a male relative because conditions on the way here are so catastrophic that vulnerable people are in serious danger . 
  yes , that 's what i was talking about . 
  and who 's fault is it that the conditions are so catastrophic ? 
  i mean , you could blame the countries in the balkan route that they failed to protect the women . 
  or you could blame to people who actually attack and abuse these women . 
  and that 's their fellow migrants along with the human trafficers . 
  i 'm not saying that every single male migrant is an abuser , but many of them clearly are , otherwise the vulnerable groups would not be , as you put it , in serious danger . 
  and the migrants even keep abusing minorities and women and gays in the refugee facilities in germany . 
  and then you can read how germany or hungary or whichever country is to blame , when in reality we should be looking at who are we letting in . 
  if these people ca n't even stop acting violent towards their own women , then how are they going to act towards european women ? 
   for instance , the people i have asked about this have all sold everything they could sell . 
  those that had enough money after selling everything could afford the travel cost and bribes . 
  others worked for months in turkey to get the money . 
  i just find it hard to believe that you could earn thousands of dollars by working illegally in turkey for a few months . 
  that just does n't seem right . 
  but nevermind , i do n't want to shit on these people for not being poor enough . 
  but there 's just clearly too many of them . 
  we ca n't just take everyone in . 
  we should be taking the vulnerable groups first , like canada . 
  instead we granting asylum to people who ca n't even manage to stop abusing others when they 're on their way here . 
  or how about we just let each country 's population to decide whether it wants to be part of such superstate without starting a war over it ? 
  there is nothing wrong with not wanting to be a part of federal eu . 
  i do n't see why it should be a reason for starting a war . 
   these are ordinary people like you and me , who lost their house in war , or whose country is so disfunctional that they can not find a job to live to feed themselves or their families . 
  yes , some are fleeing war , but do n't start with this `` oh , they are so poor , they literaly ca n't feed their families '' . 
  if they were so poor , then how could they afford paying thousands of dollars to smugglers to get here ? 
  right now the immigration model to europe is pretty much based on the survival of the fittest , so if you 're a healthy man in your 20s or 30s with a few thousands of dollars in cash , you have the biggest shot of getting here without being assaulted on the way or forced into modern slavery by human trafficers . 
  if you 're in the vulnerable groups ( i.e. 
  single young females , old people , disabled people , single moms with small kids , unaccompanied young children ) you 're shit out of luck . 
  not saying that you ca n't make it here , but your chances are much lower and even if you do make it , you are likely to be abused on the way here . 
  so i have much more sympathy for these people , not for the majority of the people who actually made it to europe . 
  and btw . 
  how is `` i ca n't find a job in my home country '' a reason enough to be accepted in europe ? 
  do you know how many people in the world ca n't find jobs ? 
  surely you do n't think that all unemployed people should have the right to just migrate to the eu . 
   i generally agree with your statement but it assumes assimilation is even possible . 
  the sheer numbers of migrants entering germany makes assimilation impossible . 
  well that 's simple ( theoretically ) , if the sheer number of migrants does n't allow them to properly integrate in the society and accept all its basic values , then you ca n't give them citizenship and you ca n't let them stay long-term . 
  of course how to do that practically is a different thing . 
   most czechs would fail to live to those standards that 's not true , most of the czechs are not anti-gay and also accept that women and men have equal rights . 
  not everything is perfect here , obviously , but we are a pretty liberal society and i like it this way . 
   i am glad for our awesome 2nd gen vietnamese czechs me too , they 're great . 
  i 'm really happy that we have them here . 
   citizenship has nothing to do with being czech , that 's just a formal registration . 
  well but it 's the only way to define a czech objectively . 
  because if you tried to make a list what a person should fulfill to be a `` real czech '' than i believe most people would have very different lists . 
  yes , i call them czechs , because they have czech citizenship , that 's the objective definition of a czech . 
  of course there are other ways to define a czech , but those are subjective and people could define it differently . 
  what i was trying to do in my original post was to determine what should people fulfill to be granted the citizenship , thus become czech . 
  and in my opinion people who are granted citizenship should accept the basic values of the majority of czechs , which in this case is the belief that homosexuality should not be banned . 
  yeah , well of course , but what it really means to be a czech is a subjective thing , people can define it very differently . 
  for example do i have to like beer to be a czech ? 
  do i have to like ice-hockey ?
