  i totally get your perspective . 
  but you know , sorry to put it this way , but it does n't really matter what you want . 
  i would also prefer if europe could guarentee its own security against russia and other threats , but the reality it , it might not work out . 
  if the u.s. decides to leave europe alone , it might be just the right incentive for russia to try their luck in the baltic countries . 
  surely you ca n't expect these small nations to protect themselves against russia , even if they raised their defence budgets to 20 % of gdp . 
  other ee countries would help , but the western europeans ? 
  i 'm not sure , they would probably help only with the support of the u.s. 
  so you guys would be forced to step in anyway if you did n't want all your other alliences to be worthless . 
  or i might be wrong and the eu would actually get its shit together and would be able to stand up to russia completely on its own without the american help . 
  but in that case , you could expect the eu to be way more assertive . 
  you say you do n't need influence , but influence is what makes superpower a superpower . 
  losing influence means losing this status and you may think you do n't need it now , when you have it , but you might change your opinion once you actually lost it . 
  i get that and agree that we should indeed pay more . 
  ee countries are nowadays actually increasing the defense budgets , althought most are still not meeting the 2 % treshold . 
  but you know , the reality is , that with that huge defense budget , you are a ) helping your own weaponry industry b ) buying influence in the world . 
  it 's really not just charity , the u.s. is doing what 's doing to protect its own interests . 
  keeping peace in europe is one of the primary interests of the u.s. 
  stopping contributing to european defense is kinda vague , what exactly do you mean by that ? 
  just cutting the defense budget in general ? 
  withdrawing all u.s. troops from europeans basis ? 
  demanding that every nato country meets the 2 % of gdp requirement or otherwise it gets kicked out ? 
  dismatling nato altogether and going back to isolationist policy ? 
  anyway assuming you only mean cutting the defense budget and withdrawing the u.s. troops from europe - that would be met with an alarm in eastern europe . 
  not just because we would be forced to immediately raise our defence budgets dramatically , but also because it would signal that us is no longer willing to protect this region from russia . 
  i would expect deepening regional military cooperation between v4 , baltic and some balkan countries , because let 's face it , no one from eastern europe really believes that we could 100 % count on the western europe to help us , if the worse were to happen . 
  russia would not change its policy immediately , at least not if nato was still working , but it would try to test the unity of the alliance much more , the baltic countries would be the the obvious first target , russians might try to pull off similar kind of hybrid-war there like in ukraine . 
  in general the situation in europe would get very tensed , it 's very hard to predict what kind of impact it would have on the whole eu . 
  it could actually unite it and push it to create an european army . 
  britain might decide that if the u.s. no longer wants to cooperate that closely , they have no other choice than to stick with europe . 
  or it could have exactly the opposite impact - countries would get back to the `` everyone is on its own now '' mentality and the eu could fall apart . 
  if the worse were to happen and russia tried to attack nato country and u.s. chose to ignore it , that would basically be the end of nato , because it would loose all the credibility . 
  all other american enemies would get way more assertive . 
  if nothing serious happened and the eu managed to turn itself into a strong military power capable of detering any russian or other aggression , u.s. and this new eu would still cooperate , but the relationship would be different . 
  it would not be just two economically equal partners , but also militarily equal partners and that would mean that the eu would be free to make its own decitions without having to coordinate them with the u.s. 
  so just to make an example - if there was another suez crisis , it would have a different outcome . 
  you could stop blocking their accession talks with nato for a start . 
  that does n't mean they would get in nato immediately . 
  you could still block the final decision later on . 
  but at least signaling the willingness to make some progress would be a good thing . 
  just to give them a perspective . 
  without the perspective , people will get frustrated and politicians will have zero motivation to change their nationalist policy . 
  look , i get that it 's a sensitive issue , and i really did n't mean to sound rude or anything . 
  it 's just that blocking both nato and eu membership seems like an overreaction on the greek side . 
  it looks like that by denying them any perspective of integration to the western structures , you are actually just making the nationalist politicians stronger . 
  that will just cause more people to lose hope that they will ever join eu and thus increase the chances that these disappointed people will support the nationalist parties . 
  and the whole dispute will only get worse . 
  what i meant is that from my perspective neither party is 100 % right or wrong . 
  it seems like both greece and macedonia have some valid points but at the same time are too stubborn to make any concessions . 
  you 're right that i 'm obviously not as informed about the situation as you guys or as the macedonians . 
  sorry about that , i did n't mean to offend anyone . 
   macedonia needs to forget pressing for membership , keep it 's head down and just focus on the economy , infrastructure and education . 
  do what a government ought to be doing and govern . 
  i do n't want to sound discouraging , but this will be quite hard to do without the perspective of membership . 
  it 's not just about education , infrastracture and so on , it 's also about the democracy standards , rule of law , fighting the corruption and so on . 
  i 'm pretty sure that if the west did n't use nato and eu membership as a carrot and stick for the former soviet bloc in the 90s , the transformation process woud have never been as succesful as it was . 
  in the transition regions , you simply do n't have a strong enough civic society . 
  the institutions and judicial system are not developed enought to fight corruption or other abuses of power . 
  without the pressure from abroad , there is a big risk that local politicians will go authoritarian . 
  this happened for example in slovakia in the early 90s and the west immediately reacted by denying them the chance to join nato or eu . 
  only after the next election when the goverment changed they were allowed to get back on the integration track . 
  but without this leverage , the west has little chance to support the pro-democracy forces in macedonia . 
  and without that , it will be pretty difficult for macedonians to turn their country into a better place . 
  ok , i respect your point of view . 
  it 's obviously up to the macedonians to decide what to do about this issue . 
  it 's just that for me , nato and eu membership would be more important . 
  and adding `` north '' would not even be a complete change , it would just be another word and you would still be able to keep the word `` macedonia '' . 
  yes , you would be making a concession to greece , but in return they would stop blocking your possible integration to nato and eu . 
  but yeah , i understand that it 's a very sensitive issue and if majority of macedonians do n't want to make this concession to greece , then it 's obviously their choice . 
  so just out of curiosity - how do you think this dispute could be solved ? 
  too bad , hope the situation gets better . 
  adding north to the name sounds like a reasonable solution . 
  honestly it would be a shame to get stuck on the name issue forever . 
  if my country was blocked for years from any accession talks with eu and nato and the name was the issue , i would not be exactly happy about it , but i would at least consider changing it . 
  i would be fine if the offical name was the republic of bohemia , moravia and silesia or whatever other name we could come up with and unofficially we could still call it the czech republic . 
  i 'm not saying it 's fair , or that greece is right in this dispute , but just from the pragmatic point of view - greece can continue blocking macedonia forever and in opinion insisting on the name is just not worth it . 
  sorry if this question sounds ignorant , but why ca n't you just change the name ? 
  i mean , it 's just a name , is it really so important ? 
  sure , it would n't guarantee you eu membership , that would still take a lot of effort to meet all the requirements , but nato membership would be pretty realistic . 
  oh , i see , well in this matter , we are definitely just as bad as poland , hungary or slovakia . 
  haha , you should 've never moved out , you obviously are a perfect fit for our country !, 
  yeah , but to be honest , czechs do n't really talk positively about anything , complaining about stuff is our national sport . 
  we actually do n't have negative net migration like a lot of other ee countries . 
  the czech population is growing due to migration , even though only slightly . 
  so yeah , the numbers are actually more positive than in poland , hungary or slovakia . 
  you got ta love novinky and their commitment to thourough , well-sourced journalism . 
  i think google somehow separated the number 184 500 and therefore made it look like it went from 184 to 500 . 
  but anyway , you are absolutely right , there is still much more immigration to the western europe . 
  the article is frankly making the whole situation way more dramatic than it actually is . 
  we are not really experiencing any massive immigration of western europeans . 
  the most of our eu migrants are from slovakia ( which is hardly surprising ) . 
  yeah , you 're totally right , the whole article is making it look like the west is now a dangerous place to stay , which is obviously ridiculous . 
  there is still way more people immigrating from the the east to the west than the other way around . 
  that 's actually just a shitty google translation . 
  what it actually says is that since 2004 the number of eu foreigners living in the czech republic doubled - to the current number of 184 500 people . 
  pretty hard . 
  but you do n't really need to speak czech to live here , specially if you 're staying in prague or brno . 
  i know a lot of expats who have been living here for years and still know only a few phrases and they can get by without any major problems . 
  sure , speaking czech helps , but it 's not absolutely necessary . 
  but i kinda have a feeling that you 're being a little too dramatic about the situation in the uk ? 
  i mean , really , no future there ?
