  seriously this system seems like such a big failure , that i do n't see how germany could push through a pernament relocation system . 
  no one would vote for that , even france already said they would be against it . 
  i absolutely agree , unless merkel manages to convince turkey to keep the migrants in their country . 
  but i do n't believe that will happen . 
  and you 're right , it totally sucks for greece . 
  i feel really bad for them . 
  if this was happening to my country , people here would be going nuts . 
  i thought the whole quota system was dead anyway . 
  i mean , how many refugees have been resettled so far ? 
  out of 160 000 . 
  with another milion of people already being in germany or sweden and thousands of others coming every day . 
  looks like eu will be redistributing them for a couple of decades . 
  thanks for writing this down . 
  i knew orban was doing some putin-style politics , but i did n't know it was this bad . 
  can i ask why do you think he is still so popular in hungary ? 
  is it because he is seen as someone who protects the country against immigrants ? 
  i would say people in my country do n't have any strong feelings about this whole situation . 
  it 's been on the news , but that 's about it . 
  most of the ordinary people do n't care . 
  or at least i have n't heard anyone discussing it in my social circle . 
  so i do n't think the perception of the uk changed drastically , i think people have more or less the same view as they had before . 
  oh yeah the stag parties ... you guys just ca n't help yourself when you see how cheap the beer is , right ? 
   but seriously , it 's mainly scandinavian students who have a really bad reputation here , not the brits . 
  british people can actually be pretty hilarious . 
  i remember one guy who was reallly wasted and also probably educated in prague mythology , because he was running in the streets and yelling : golem , where are you , i will find you , you wo n't hide from me . 
  then he started to propose to basically every girl he ran into and after several rejections , he ended up sitting on the ground and crying , probably having a deep existential crisis . 
  you know , just typical british tourist stuff . 
  but you know ... at least you 're unique !, 
  ok then , sorry about that . 
  now , can we continue to hate together on the russians instead ? 
  for us the entire history of the 20th century is depressing :d that 's probably why we spend like 4 last lessons of the last year of school on it . 
  even the teachers do n't like to teach it . 
  possibly , but on the other hand , you did the same to us in 1938 when hitler was taking sudetenland from us . 
  so i guess we are even ? 
  yeah , i understand that you were n't happy about it and probably did what you thought would be best for your countries at that time . 
  but you did n't just allow hitler to take some random land - he also got tons of useful infrastructure for warfare , which helped him a lot during the war . 
  but anyway , just to make it clear - i do n't really hold any grudge over it , i understand it was a pragmatic decision ( which later turned out not to be so wise ) with no evil intentions behind it . 
  and the worst part - it did n't work at all and instead backfired badly . 
  are you seriously comparing the munich conference and brexit ? 
  because the continental power you were supposted to stand up against in 1938 was nazi germany . 
  the continental powers today are peaceful countries . 
  i 'm sorry , i just do n't see how these situations are in any way comparable . 
  that 's true . 
  they are totally the awkward kid in our v4 club . 
  oh , yeah , the flag issue . 
  but that 's just a minor incident in otherwise great relations we have with slovaks . 
  and do n't be jealous that slovaks like us more than you . 
  you seem to be best buddies with hungarians nowadays , so you have that going for you , 
  wait ... what ? 
  i 'm probably totally ignorant , but when did we backstab poland ? 
  france and uk , we will always remember how you fucked us over in munchen . 
  that was a really dick move to sell us to hitler . 
  we were the only real democracy in central europe , you were our role-models , we looked up to you and you failed us badly . 
  austria , you may think about your old empire with nostalgia , but believe me , not everyone was having such a good time as you . 
  germany , it really sucked when you invaded our country . 
  go and find your stupid lebensraum somewhere else , ok ? 
  but the ultimate jerk-award goes to russia for completely fucking over our country for decades , destroying the economy , but mainly , destroying the mentality of the people . 
  seriously living in the communist totalitarian regime for more than 40 years did so much damage to us , that it will probably take several generations to fully recover from that . 
  but anyway , all is forgiven now , you are all cool and we love you ( except for the russians , we still hate them ) . 
  yes , i get that . 
  that 's why i said that if we did what the uk is doing , the rest of the eu would just show us the door and wish us good luck , no one would try to keep us in the eu . 
  but technically - all the members countries should be in principle equal , so in this sense you are getting a special treatment . 
  in reality we are not equal , obviously . 
  uk is more more important than most of the other member states . 
  i was just trying to point out that this can be hard do swallow for some people and that 's perhaps why they react with anger/biterness to this deal . 
  oh , god i would love that as well . 
  every election it ends up with me asking : who sucks the less ? 
  it would be really nice to have a party/candidate that i would really like for once ... but yeah , i guess we will just keep dreaming . 
  well , you are the only country which gets a special `` i do n't want to be in the ever close union '' clause . 
  i 'm pretty sure that if my country were to ever decide , that we would like to re-negotiate our terms and then treathen to leave , if we do n't get a special deal , everyone would be like - ok , good luck and bye . 
  which is of course totally understandable , since you 're one of the most powerful countries in europe and we are a 10 million country which takes from the eu budget more than it pays . 
  but technically speaking , it is a special treatment . 
  if other countries made demands like you , they would be told to piss off . 
  you 're mostly welcome !, 
  do n't forget to have a beer while you 're here , 
  i do n't follow polish inner politics closely , so this was really shocking for me . 
  i always thought of walesa as a polish version of v\u00e1clav havel and it 's absolutely unimaginable for me that havel would ever spy for the secret police . 
  if this kind of information were to leak in cz , it would probably cause a shitstorm . 
  can someone from poland say whether this will have any impact on today 's politics ? 
  is it a big deal in poland ? 
  nah , you 're not really disliked . 
  it 's just people getting frustrated that you can get special treatment and others ca n't . 
  but honestly i do n't even see anything outrageous about british demands . 
  i mean , you do n't want euro and political union ? 
  fine by me . 
  in-work benefits ? 
  well it absolutely makes sense that people should firstly contribute to the system before they take something from it . 
  i do n't understand why anyone is so pissed about this . 
  it 's probably more of a bitter reaction to the fact that you guys reject the `` ever closer union . '', 
  here is one thing : moldovan wine is pretty good , you should check that out . 
  also , their wine industry was hit badly by russian ban , so by buying their wine , you are sending a very small middlefinger to putin , 
  sure it is , putin wants europe weak and divided . 
  weak and divided europe will more likely make compromises with him . 
  this whole `` i-am-the-true-guardian-of-proper-christian-values-and-look-at-the-decadent-west-which-can ` t-even-keep-its-own-women-safe '' game is just him trying to show to his people that he is the only one who can protect them . 
  this way they will hopefully forget that they are becoming poorer and poorer everyday ( partly ) due to his politics . 
  and europe is making this easy for him , because a lot of european politicians fucked up a lot when it comes to the refugee crisis . 
  but do n't think for a second that putin wants to help us solve it . 
  he wants exactly the opposite - more refugees coming to europe , so that europe is occupied fully with this crisis and does n't have a lot of energy to deal with the war in ukraine and other matters which are important to russia . 
  that 's why he hardly ever bombs isis and instead bombs they syrian opposition , who is against asad . 
  sure , his main goal is to keep asad in power , but the thousands of people fleeing to turkey as a result of russian bombing is a nice side effect fo putin .
