  just recently our pm 's personal e-mail account was hacked by neo-nazi hacker group called white media , but it has been now largely speculated that they only served as a cover-up and that russia was actually behing it , trying to create a scandal and undermine the pm 's credibility . 
  it seems now that there was n't anything scandalous in those mails at all , otherwise they would have already published it . 
  they still tried blow this whole story out of proportions , claiming that the czech pm is serving german interests more than czech interests , which was based solely on one mail from the czech minister for european affairs , in which he gave some tips to the pm about how to handle the next meeting with the germans . 
  fortunately most of the czech journalists behaved surprisingly responsibly and played the whole story down , most of the media were not publishing those mails at all , only interpreting some of the stuff that was in there . 
  so in the end nothing serious really happened , but in poland , similar kind of scandal ( leaked tapes ) caused the foreign minister ( who was very anti-russian ) to step down . 
  and these sorts of efforts will continue happening . 
  russia is really smart about this . 
  they know our society is mostly not pro-russian . 
  they changed their strategy after they tried to flame anti-american protests during the dragoon ride ( which was basically a transfer of military equipment through the eastern europe ) and failed miserably . 
  they are now not pushing those pro-russian , anti-us , anti-ukrainian views , they are pushing anti-refugee , anti-eu and anti-german views and that works much better in the czech society . 
  our pro-russian president ( there are some pretty strong evidence that his campaign was paid by lukoil ) has the same strategy . 
  he does n't talk about ukraine anymore , all he ever talks about is the refugee crisis . 
  the problem with that is that the west and eu really did some mistakes in regards of the refugee crisis , so the critical opinions are often actually accurate or at least not entirely false . 
  so it is really difficult to separate those , who just fairly criticize , how the refugee crisis was handled and those , who are just using the situation to serve russian interests . 
  yeah , yeah and right next to estonia and slovenia . 
  in the czech republic , we make fun of ourselves all the time . 
  we mostly joke about our politicians and about our irrelavence in the world affairs . 
  this joke ilustrates it quite nicely : czech republic has developed nuclear weapons . 
  the czech president says : `` we need to find out whether they work . 
  we should send one to the us , they would respond quickly . '', 
  so they shoot a rocket at the us . 
  and nothing . 
  the president is confused and says : `` that 's strange , but the us are big , perhaps the rocket fell on uninhabited area . '', 
  so they shoot another rocket , this time aimed at new york . 
  the new york is destroyed and still no reaction . 
  the czech president says : `` this is unbelievable , let 's try the white house then . '', 
  so they shoot a rocket at the white house and still nothning happens . 
  the czech president picks up the phone and calls obama . 
  `` hello barack , we have shoot 3 nuclear weapons at you , how is it possible that you have not reacted yet ? '', 
  and the american president angrily says . 
  `` just wait until we find you on the map ! '', 
  so , yeah , we ridicule our selves ( and other nations ) very often and we do n't really mind even when it comes from a foreigner . 
  i mean , some people might get offended , but most of them would laugh at it . 
  central/eastern european . 
  basically former communist countries , even though in this case i meant specially v4 countries - poland , hungary , slovakia and czech republic . 
  perhaps it is groundbreaking for finnish politicians , i do n't know , i do n't follow finish politics that closely . 
  but for cee politicians , this position articulated by the finnish president ( first secure borders , only let genuine refugees in , europe can not accept everyone who wishes to have a better life ) , is basically the same position our pm ( czech rep. ) has been pushing for for last few months . 
  and other cee politicians go even further and say we should n't accept any muslim refugees at all . 
  uhm , this is groundbreaking ? 
  cee countries have been saying this for months . 
  i believe one of the reasons we are doing good is because you are doing good . 
  our economy is deeply connected to german economy . 
  so when we think something wo n't work , we should n't object and just wait to be proven right with the sole purpose to make our point or what ? 
  is that the kind of approach we should have when dealing with issues ? 
  agree to what we think is a shitty plan just so that we can say `` ha , we told you so ! '', 
  later on ? 
  how is that going to help anything ? 
  exactly . 
  it caused a lot of backlash here as well and for what ? 
  for absolutely nothing , it was just completely unnecessary . 
  that plan was stupid from the beginning , anyone who looked at the situation realistically could have seen that . 
  only eu officials and we politicians were too busy pushing policies based on wishful thinking without thinking through how they 're going to implement their plans . 
  of course it only made more damage in cee , the eu basically gave a perfect present to the populist and far-right parties . 
  we can only hope that juncker and his team wo n't try to push this through again . 
  gosh , ca n't believe how much energy and political capital was used by the eu to fight for this retarded system . 
  even when it was clear that this was going to happen from the beginning . 
  i do n't know , it could be . 
  even though imo it is more likely that they simply failed to see how serious it is getting in hungary , since orb\u00e1n is much more skilled at what he 's doing than pis . 
  pis was taking all the steps too quickly and was too obvious about it , you could say that they act in a rather amateurish way , while orb\u00e1n was taking more of a gradual approach `` two steps forwards , one step back , one step forward , one step back , three steps forward , one step back '' and eventually got where he 's now without creating such a big buzz in the brussels . 
  well in my opinion , her communication was not the only problematic thing . 
  there were more missteps than just communication failures . 
  however as i said , i 'm not upset over this as i used to be . 
  it happened , nobody can take it back , what 's important is that there is a critical reflection from her side ( or at least it appears so ) , which is more than you could say for most of politicians . 
   honestly i am just glad that we seem to have some at least decent politicians in power who have n't really fucked up things too badly and that people seem to still vote for them even if it is less than 30 years ago honestly , i was pretty critical towards merkel and germany in general all throughout the migrant crisis and i still think that germany 's too friendly refugee policy is a mistake . 
  however nowadays i 'm pretty content with germans likely electing merkel again . 
  because it seems like she realized that what happened in 2015 can not repeat again and she 's trying to take steps to prevent that from happening . 
  also she 's not putin 's friend . 
  when i see what is happening in other countries , i 'm glad there is at least some stability in germany . 
  well at least for now . 
  it was never as easy to live in your own information bubble as it is now in the age of internet and social media . 
  you do n't have to watch any broadcasting , you can simply carefully choose what you 'll read and watch . 
  or facebook will do that for you based on your previous preferences . 
  however this ignorance of facts , disregard of the truth , that is certainly not only cee 's phenomenon . 
  but yeah , i get your frustration and i 'm frustrated too . 
  in my case though , i also understand the frustrations of the people in cee and what makes them vote the way they vote . 
  the people often have valid concerns , however they address them in a completely wrong way by voting for people who promise quick and easy solutions , but who in fact end up fucking things up even more . 
   the euro scepticism in the core is in a good part because you have such a divide because you have countries like poland that only are there to rake in the money or at least that is how it is perceived . 
  really ? 
  you think that le pen 's main argument is poland and hungary taking too much eu funds ? 
  is n't it more about islamic terrorism and failed integration of some of the immigrants in their country ? 
  or the stagnant economy ? 
  i do n't know , it 's not like i live in france or netherlands , but somehow i doubt that western europeans ' main concern is how much poland gets from the eu . 
   i agree , but i just do n't see that happening currently . 
  poland is not in such a deep shit how it might seem now . 
  the situation could turn around the next election cycle pretty easily . 
  however their big problem is that their public media are not independent , they 're influenced by whoever is currently in power , it was like this when po was in power as well ( and obviously the eu did not complain back then ) . 
  hungary , however , is really in a deep shit . 
  i also do n't see the situation there changing any time soon . 
  guess we will have to live with orb\u00e1n for now . 
  and we have elections in 2017 . 
  hopefully our political/social/institutional climate will show to be more healthy/resilient . 
  the point is though , even if the situation now seems really bad , we need to learn how to protect our democratic systems on our own and hopefully this experience will make us stronger in the long term . 
   there was also no procedure for greece leaving the eurozone and yet it was an option that was qutie heavily considered . 
  there is no framework to force the uk to trigger art . 
  50 and yet people talk about it . 
  yeah , but then none of this happened . 
  because you can not just invent new rules . 
  or theoretically you could , but it would be very difficult to create the consensus on these new rules . 
  so then you rather go with an option that already is on the table . 
   i do n't want the eu to be a toothless tiger otherwise it is pointless quickly well me neither , but this is where we are right now .
