  i 'd say 160k illegal migrants coming to italy is pretty damn worrisome , specially since many of these people have no shot at getting asylum , thus they wo n't get a work permit but at the same time , they wo n't get deported , because we still have no deals with african countries . 
  even if these people got the work permit , many likely do n't have the the needed qualifications to find a job in europe . 
  so it 's really just tens of thousands of people with the prospects of ending up at the very bottom of the society . 
  on the top of that , they 're mostly young males , which is a demographic group most likely going on a criminal path . 
  imo this all is very worrisome . 
  italy really needs to stop picking people up right at the libyan coast . 
   he will get the money anyway , nobody will kick him out or make him pay it back . 
  i 'm not sure whether this is a universal erasmus rule , or the universities can set their own rules , but in my case , we had to get at least 20 credits while on erasmus . 
  failing to do that , we would have to return a proportionate amount of money . 
  i did n't know that this is how the franco-german proposal is called , now it makes sense . 
  i thought you were talking about some intra-schengen military cooperation . 
  romania is n't even in schengen . 
   also , is fico really that bad ? 
  no , he 's not . 
  he 's only `` pro-russian '' for part of his domestic audience , when he 's dealing with western politicians , he 's pretty much pro-eu . 
  he does n't really have any strong ideological basis , he 's more of a pragmatic populist , jumping on whatever rhetorics is currently popular in slovakia , while keeping solid relations with the west . 
   kinda late to go fixing issues , though : then you have to throw out the questions or re-run the survey . 
  that would honestly be a much better thing to do than presenting those results as if they were comparable . 
   if you know at least some students of these programmes you know that they generally do n't study much . 
  of course some do n't , i 'm not denying that . 
  but in your original post , you were essentially saying that all social science students are useless and lazy and that social sciences in general are very easy to study . 
  well i studied at both law and social science faculties , so i can compare and my conclusions are that : yep , journalism is a fairly easy field , but it 's also very time consuming during the semester , because you have practical subjects that require you to frequently produce journalistic material . 
  and if you knew anything about good journalistic work , you 'd know that there 's much more to it than just the process of writing/editing . 
  you may not psysically sit in your school like you do in a law faculty , but that does n't mean you do n't do anything . 
  the stereotypes about the law studies are kinda true - there 's not that much to do during the semester , but then you have to study a lot in the examination period . 
  the first few years are easier than the later years , so you have some time to get used to it . 
  international relations is not an easy field . 
  when you start it at 19 , they already expect you to have a c1-c2 level of english and be fully able to understand all academic material in english . 
  if you ca n't , then tough shit for you , nobody cares . 
  you have to catch up quickly otherwise you 're fucked . 
  also the study load during the semester is much higher than the study load in the law studies which is then compensated by an easier examination period . 
  the myth that all social science students are getting credits for subjects like ethical problems of pornography is really just a myth . 
  i had classmates from sociology , politology , security studies or psychology and none of us had these kind of subjects . 
  does that mean that there are no such bullshit subjects ? 
  no , of course not . 
  but it 's not true that the majority of social science students are taking these classes . 
   i do n't think our country should be funding 5 years of studies for people who only want the degree and end up doing jobs that do n't require anything of what they 've learned . 
  i can give you that the benefits of social sciences are harder to measure than the benefits of hard sciences . 
  that does n't mean they do n't exist . 
  all countries need experts who can work as their representatives in international organizations or at their diplomatic missions abroad . 
  all countries need good psychologists who can help traumatized victimes of a crime for example . 
  all countries need sociologists who can accurately map the public mood ( not in the way this eurobarometer was done ) . 
  it should also be in the interest of every democratic country to have educated people in the media sector . 
  we 're not living in a world consisted of purely material stuff , so you need people who understand how human societies work and how humans work . 
  of course cybernetics/robotics or mechatronics are hugely important , but the vast majority of products will not be all that useful if you ca n't figure out how to sell it to specific people . 
  but this is not just about consumerism . 
  in my opinion , people who do a research about cancer treatment are not that much more important than people who for example make research about the psychology of deterrence . 
  in the world where nuclear weapons exist , understanding this phenomenon well is really important . 
  if back then in 1962 , chru\u0161\u010dov and kennedy did n't have the knowledge background of their respective experts from the fields of ir and security studies , if kennedy instead relied more on the advice from the military , the world as we know it now might not have exist . 
  also not op , but also a czech . 
  i read it like : `` hey parents , on scale 1-10 how pleasent do you think it would be for you , if your kid had sex with a stranger ? '', 
  :-d i would not be able to answer this with 10 without feeling like a pervert :-d, 
  uhm , idnes and novinky comment sections are not a representative sample of the czech population . 
  i 'm not saying czech people are anti-israel , i 'm saying that most do n't have strong feelings about it . 
  just check some surveys done by cvvm about czech attitudes towards foreign countries and you 'll see that israel has pretty consistently an average score . 
  which is btw . 
  not how i feel about israel , i 'm personally very fond of that country . 
  the pro-israeli stance is a thing of political elites though . 
  the average czech does n't care much about israel . 
  you 're right though that the results still seemed a bit weird , but i assumed that : a ) czech parents thinks an asian or a black person means a foreigner and they do n't want their kids to date foreigners out of fear that they might move out . 
  b ) i live in a social bubble so i overestimate how open-minded czechs are . 
  i see , thanks , so that 's the same as in the slovak version . 
  well no , sorry , but i actually know plenty of social science students and i do n't agree with your conclusions . 
  of course i 'm not saying that all social science students are super smart , but the level of disdain you 're showing towards them is undeserved . 
  the social academia is n't here to solve the issues that you artificially chose as the criteria of their usefullness . 
  it is not in the power of any individual to just find a magical solution for solving intolerance . 
  and funny that you ask about law x social science admittance difficulty , since back in 2013 i was actually applying for both . 
  i was doing the osp + zsv tests from scio and back then you needed an approximately the same percentil for both law and my selected social science field i.e. 
  double major in international relations and journalism . 
  for both you needed at least 180 out of 200 . 
  so yeah , it was just as difficult to get into a social science field that you 'd call garbage as it was into law . 
  btw . 
  can i ask how they translated the world ` relationship ' in the slovenian version ? 
  i decided to browse through the internet a little bit and i found that when the survey was released , there were some people pointing out the mistakes in the translation . 
  i do n't know whether it reached the people doing the eurobarometer though . 
  also i do n't think translating as literally as possible would be a good solution , sometimes a literal translation can be a very bad translation . 
  i do think however that this is something the statisticians/sociologists should be able to keep an eye on . 
  i mean , i 'm not a sociologist , but i 'm pretty sure this is some sociology 101 material . 
  at least when they get strange results , they should check again whether they have n't made any mistake in the design of the survey or the translations , instead of just wrapping it up and present it as an official survey . 
  to be honest i was a little bit suprised at first , but i did n't find the original post that implausible . 
  but then i saw us scoring low on the map asking about an atheist and i knew something was fishy about the data :d, 
  i see , yeah , i also think that thinking this was some conspiracy to make us look bad is silly . 
  i do however think that this has influenced our results , specially compared to countries which had the correct translation . 
  there is simply a difference between not being bothered by something and between finding it pleasent . 
  well it 's kind of hard to check all surveys , when you do n't speak all eu languages . 
  what i think the op was saying is that the translation in the czech version differs from the english version which was shown in the original post . 
  that does n't mean it was only czech ( or slovak ) which were translated incorrectly . 
  do you actually know someone who studies any social sciences , or do you just judge all social scientists based on people from hate-free ? 
  are you familiar with any student catalogues of social science fields , i.e. 
  do you know what are the requirements to finish such a degree , or do you think that all social science students just receive their degree for showing up at school once in a month ? 
  the fact that you see some unsuccesfull attempts to integrate gypsies does not automatically mean that all social sciences and all social scietists are shit , but i guess they did n't teach you that you should n't draw general conlusions from one specific observation in your critical thinking classes . 
   all engineering programmes have significant drop off rate because there actually are requirements being put on things like logical thinking and some effort is required . 
  engineering programmes have a significant drop off rate because they mostly take everyone who applies whereas social sciences or law make the selection at the beginning and that 's why they later on do n't kick out as many people . 
  it 's of course very well possible that czechs are more xenophobic/racist than slovenes . 
  i would n't have a problem believing that . 
  at the same time , we might also be a bit more reserved . 
  i would simply not answer with `` zcela p\u0159\u00edjemn\u00e9 '' to any of these questions , because it sounds weird as fuck . 
  op is right that it 's an adjective that i would use to describe a massage , not my feelings about the partner of my kid . 
  it 's just a really bad translation . 
   we should just cut the funding and make social studies paid programmes .
