  it will temporarily ease the pressure from greece and italy , but eventually this pressure will only move to the target countries and it wo n't do anything about the actual roots of the crisis . 
   that makes me wonder why is v4 in eu if not for the money and russian fear . 
  everyone is in the eu because of economic and security concerns . 
  not just the v4 or eastern europe in general . 
  this is literaly how the eu was started - because of security concerns and later on , the economic profitability became an even larger factor why the eu kept together . 
  the eastern expansion also happened because of security and economic reasons - both from the side of western and eastern europe . 
  so i do n't understand at all why you blame the v4 that we 're in the eu because of money and security . 
  literaly every eu member is in the eu because of that . 
  no , that 's not at all what i 'm saying . 
  you asked me what bad things can happen if anti-eu sentiments are boosted in v4 , so i gave you some examples . 
  i was simply saying that it 's better for everyone when the relations between the eu and the member countries are good . 
  i do n't know how you managed to read it the way you read it , but that 's simply not what i said . 
  well obviously it 's easier for the eu to deal with eu-friendly governments than with anti-eu governments . 
  countries with anti-eu stance are more likely to oppose and obstruct various eu policies which can make the life for the eu more complicated . 
  there are still areas which are voted unanimously and obviously in these areas it only takes one country to block the voting . 
  also whatever is negoatiated with the uk will have to approved by all member countries . 
  even in qmv decison-making , the eu usually tries to find a consensus , precisely because it 's better to have everyone on board , so if you already have disagreements with some member countries , it will obviously take longer to find such a consensus . 
  not to mention that it costs everyone time , energy and political capital . 
  it 's simply better to have good-working relations than crappy relations . 
  for everyone involved . 
  yeah , i know that 's what some people think , but the reality is that our politicians wo n't go for an exit and you can not kick a country out of the eu against its will , so you 're gon na have to live with us . 
  i 'm not saying that germany and france are completely above law , while everyone else is not . 
  but i do n't believe the commission would be as harsh to germany or france as it is to poland , the czech republic and hungary in an issue that is this sensitive to the public . 
  the commission would not dare to turn the german public against them , they can not afford to fuck up german elections . 
  they however are willing to fuck up ours . 
   also i do n't think that off-the-cuff remark by juncker is the smoking gun you 're making it out to be , and good luck finding any public authority that is `` always 100 % objective '' . 
  it just simply does n't exist . 
  i actually think that juncker has recklessly let slipped something which is way more common in the eu than many people think . 
  you 're absolutely right that there is no 100 % objective authority , i said that i have no such illusions that such thing exists . 
  that was kind of my entire point . 
  countries like germany and france will always have more influence within the commission than countries like the czech republic , that 's just how it is . 
  sorry , breaching the indicators . 
  and naturelly , it is not possible to directly prove the commission 's double standards , since it 's obvious that they would n't openly write that in their reports . 
  you can continue writing `` no evidence , nothing happening '' but that does n't change the fact that juncker himself admitted that when deciding about sanctions , it 's considered what specific country it is . 
  i 'm not saying that germany must be guilty . 
  i 'm just saying that it is fairly possible that if some other , smaller and less important country in the eu would be breaching the rules in the same way germany does , the commission would act harsher against it . 
  i do n't have any illusions that the commission is always 100 % objective , in fact given juncker 's words , the commission does n't even pretend so . 
  but if there is no transparent way to evaluate when someone is an excessive case and when not , then how can i be sure that germany is really in line and it 's not more so that the commission would n't dare to sanction germany ? 
  since i ca n't be sure about that , because apparently france ca n't be sanctioned because it 's france , all i can look at is whether germany is breaching the indicators . 
  and germany is breaching the indicators . 
  fine , call it early warning indicators , but the fact is that you 're not keeping them . 
  and i 'm not making anything up , juncker has absolutely said that about france . 
  so , clearly , it depends a lot on the commission subjective judgement whether someone is or is n't fined . 
   however germany has n't received any fines . 
  in fact germany is n't even among the worst offenders when it comes to macroeconomic imbalances . 
  so , how you do decide when someone is a big enough offender to be fined ? 
  in what particular cases can a country be fined ? 
  the reality is that there are some rules on macroeconomic imbalances and germany is breaking some of these rules . 
  this may not be enough to trigger fines against germany , but that does n't mean you are n't breaking the rules . 
  there are standards which all countries should mantain to keep their macroeconomic situation balanced and germany is n't maintaining these standards . 
  and i have serious doubts that the commission is actually evaluating what is an excessive case and what is not an excessive case fairly . 
  i very well remember juncker saying that france ca n't be sanctioned because `` it 's france '' . 
  i would n't be surprised if germany had exactly this kind of preferential treatment from the commission as well . 
  yeah , it is . 
  every country is supposed to have the current account balance between -4 % and 6 % and germany has been consistenly running a surplus bigger than 6 % . 
  well i think the quota system is bullshit , so i guess we 're in an agreement that we can stop enforcing rules which are bullshit . 
   and i doubt people here like to work so that poles and czechs can enjoy a oftentimes far greater quality of life than they do . 
  lol , what , you think poles and czechs enjoy a greater quality of life than germans ? 
  this is seriously fucking hilarious , you think that germany is somehow sacrificing itself for the eastern european countries ? 
  you have massively economicaly profited from the eastern expansion , probably more than any other western european country , the amounts of money which flow out from my country to the western europe in forms of dividents is massively more than what we get in the forms of eu funds . 
  the entire v4 together is a bigger market for german exports than france or the us is . 
  so , no , this is n't some ` good will ' of germany , this is a mutually benefitial arrangement and you must be seriously delluded if you think that germans somehow work hard so that czechs and poles can have nice lifes . 
  but if you 're so concerned about the commission enforcing the rules , perhaps you could write them to also enforce rules on budgetary balance which germany does n't seem to mind breaking . 
  i would argue that germany running such huge surpluses harms southern europe more than us not taking 2k refugees , but the commission does n't seem to be particulary interested in enforcing those fiscal rules . 
  nothing is going to be achieved by escalating this problem with sanctions . 
  the quota system itself wo n't work , because the refugees did n't come to europe with the desire to live in the czech republic , poland and hungary . 
  the vast majority of them wo n't stay in our countries and there is nothing we can realistically do to prevent them from doing so . 
  yes , they can be caught and send back , but after that they can just leave again . 
  they know they ca n't be send to their home countries . 
  they know they ca n't be kept in prisons indefinitely . 
  there is no credible punishment that we can inflict on them for leaving their assigned countries . 
  meanwhile it will only boost anti-eu sentiments in poland , hungary and the czech republic . 
  the thing is that infringement procedure is n't some quick `` let 's pay a fine and be done with it '' process . 
  no , it 's a lengthy procedure , starting with notices , then 2nd round notices , only after that it will go to court and of course from that point it will take time before the court decides . 
  so basically this entire thing will poison the atmopshere between the eu and poland , hungary and the czech republic for the next few years . 
  we now talk about our czech elections that take place this autumn and how will this affect them , but this issue has a great potentional to fuck up even polish and hungarian elections which take place much later . 
  pis and orb\u00e1n will for sure use this to boost their support . 
  any opposition hoping to score a solid result will have to take the same anti-quota stance , so the eu will only make sure that no matter who wins the elections , the new government will be anti-quotas as well . 
  i understand that the commission wants to enforce the laws that were adopted , however it 's completely pointless to pick a fight over this issue . 
  it would be much better if the commission allowed us to pay some additional money to greece and italy and finally moved on . 
  well infringement procedure can end with a fine . 
  you can read about it more [ here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/environment/legal/law/procedure.htm ) . 
  slovakia and hungary filed a legal lawsuit against the decision to adopt the quota system , so that means that the ecj has to decide about this lawsuit , but it so far has n't . 
  infringement procedures will be open against them . 
  unless ecj rules against the quota system . 
  we can all be grateful that you 're not in any sort of position of power because your awesome ideas would have the potentional of killing the entire eu . 
  it 's more fresh than in the case of grudges between different western european countries . 
  you already have decades of cooperation behind you , ee joined relatively recently and the consequences of being abandoned by our we allies are visible until today . 
  basically for you , the post-ww2 recovery started in 1945 . 
  for ee , it started in 1989 . 
  that 's decades of lost development . 
  i agree that we need to look into the future rather than dwelling on the past , however it 's just a bit more difficult to do that when we still until today have n't been able to close the economic gap between ee and we . 
  yeah , officially , but non-officially they 're still citizens of their own countries and as such we can assume that they 're not 100 % non-biased . 
  so countries should have an equal representation in the commission , otherwise it 's a bad deal for small countries . 
  in the council , most decisions already are made by qmv which takes into account population size , so big member countries already have an advantage in the council . 
  why should smaller countries support giving big countries an advantage in the commission as well ? 
  germany and france already have strong enough influence in the eu , specially now that the uk is leaving . 
  i would n't support anything that would further give more power to big countries . 
  that 's nothing against germany specifically , but certain power balance ( which already is heavily skewed ) should be maintained . 
   the members of the commission shall be chosen from among the nationals of the member states on the basis of a system of strictly equal rotation between the member states , reflecting the demographic and geographical range of all the member states .
