  but it 's not really that controversial when it has the support of the two biggest parties in germany - both cdu and the social democrats support it . 
  i do n't really blame them , it 's clear that ns2 benefits germany a lot . 
  at the same time , i get annoyed when german politicians , specially schultz and other social democrats get morally outraged over the lack of ee 's solidarity in the refugee crisis , when it 's precisely their party that would sell out ee to russia for cheaper gas ( obviously i exaggerate a bit , but you get the point - european solidarity only goes this far ) . 
  well ee is against ns2 , so basically any complications in this matter are good from the ee point od view . 
  however i do agree that this is not reason why the us senate approaved the sanctions . 
  you seem to have totally misunderstood my point . 
  i was actually saying the exact opposite - there are no pure good guys and pure bad guys . 
  countries are looking out for their own interests , germany is no exception in this . 
  germany is pushing for ns2 precisely because it 's in germany 's interest and does n't care that ns2 goes against ee 's interest . 
  which is understandable . 
  but then it makes no sense to get mad that the us wants to do the same . 
  the us is just doing what they think is in their interest - retaliating against the russian interference in their elections . 
  so if the us consulted this with you , they would listen to all your concerns and then said `` well , fine , but we 're gon na do what we want anyway '' that would make it ok for you ? 
  because that 's how germany behaves towards ee when it comes to ns2 . 
  i agree that it is logical that you do not want to pay for transit fees . 
  it is also logical that poland and ukraine do not want to lose the money . 
  as for my country , the calculations so far show that ns2 would be a financial net gain for us , but i would personally rather have ukraine have the money , they need them more than us . 
  they certainly need them more than germany . 
  that 's why the security of your supply is n't more important to me than a stable and financially secure ukraine . 
  as for the right measures preventing ee from being in a more strategically vulnerable posititon - so you basically want ee to place our full trust in germany 's hands ? 
  we have to hope that germany will negotiate on our behalf and will accept a slightly higher price than you would get otherwise ? 
  we have to hope that germany will revert the gas to us if russia goes crazy ? 
  what if russia sends only enough of gas for you and not enough for , say , poland ? 
  are you going to send them some of your gas ? 
  there 's no way of making ns2 without leaving ee in a more vulnerable position . 
  ee will end up more dependent on both russia and germany . 
  i 'm not saying that germany and russia are on the same level of reliability , of course germany is much more reliable , but not on 100 % . 
  you are perfectly capable of screwing us over if it helps you . 
  you already have very strong influence over ee , i do n't want you to have even more . 
  i remember talking about this with you some months ago , so i 'm going tp repeat myself too - the geopolitical situation changed since south stream . 
  however in general you 're right that each country is primarely looking for its own interests , so yes , of course ee is against ns2 because it goes against their interests . 
  germany simply disregards these interests and puts its own interests first . 
  that 's understandable . 
  what is not understandable is when you start whining when us is doing the same to you . 
  the us is n't sanctioning germany directly , these sanctions just happen to hurt germany indirectly . 
  as for the consultations - well that 's nice but it does n't really make any difference when you just go ahead anyway . 
  sorry , it just seems to me that you 're not capable of looking at things objectively when your country is involved . 
  ee opposes ns2 = bad because they dared to use ukraine as one of their arguments . 
  us wants to sanction russia because russia intervened in their elections = bad because it hurts germany . 
  germany wants ns2 even though it hurts ee = ok , it 's just a legit business project that helps our interests and it 's not our problem that it hurts ee interests . 
  of course i have no illusions that the us is doing this to support ee . 
  i just found it ridiculous that you seem upset that the us does n't take germany 's interests into consideration as much as you 'd like , while germany does exactly the same to ee . 
  in other words you accuse the us of something you do as well . 
  nord stream 2 is n't in ee interest , it is in germany 's interest and you push for it despite the fact that it hurts your allies . 
  and then you protest when the us looks out for its own interests because it happens to hurt you . 
  do n't you see how hypocritical that is ? 
   the point is that it is possible to enact sanctions that do not harm your allies . 
  it is possible to talk to your allies first . 
  eastern european countries are also us allies . 
  it 's kinda hilarious how you expect the us to take priority in securing germany 's interests while simultaniously undermining the interests of other countries which are your allies through the membership in nato and the eu . 
  it sucks to be on the receiving end , huh ? 
  not a bad speech . 
  i normally do n't like when all failures of the developing world are blamed on the west , mainly because this is how the world always worked , the strong have always screwed over the weak and before europe managed to gain economic and military superiority , they were on the receiving end as well . 
  at the same time , all this is irrelevant when we talk about radicalism , because people simply largely do n't think objectively . 
  they do n't care that extreme brutality towards out-group members ( and in many cases towards in-group members as well ) has been the norm literaly through the most of human history and that things like universal human rights are only a very recent phenomenon . 
  instead they feel just those grievences that happened to their nation/ethnic group which is quite natural . 
  we in europe often forget that it 's easy to get over old grudges , when your life is going good , the economy is running reasonably well , you do not have to worry about whether you 'll be able to afford sending your kids to high school and the security of your countries is guaranteed by the largest superpower in the world ( well at least until recently ) . 
  people living in the former colonial lands were n't this lucky , so i 'm not surprised that many of them wo n't let the past go and vent their frustration at the west . 
  even though of course it 's their socities and their leaders who are also partly responsible for the fact that their lives suck . 
  but it 's in the human nature to look for others to blame , that happens everywhere in the world . 
  well you could debate quite a lot about whether euro would bring more positives or more negatives for our economy . 
  i personally believe that it would bring both , however at this point , it would probably have more positives than negatives . 
  at the same time , euro is n't some miraculous cure for all our problems and it 's also not something that we absolutely need to have ( from the economic point of view ) to survive . 
  if we had more competent leadership , we could very well function without euro . 
  also , joining eurozone is n't just an economic decision anymore , with all the talks about multi-speed eu , it becomes more and more a political decision . 
  and as you very well know , our population is against it and i think it would be very problematic to push it against people 's wishes . 
  yeah , but i meant that they have problems with oligarchs , clientelism and corruption as much as we do , if not even more . 
  over here , someone at least occasionally gets investigated , whereas in slovakia , as their minister of interior robert kali\u0148\u00e1k explained , ` there are no investigations of corruption in high politics , because there is no such corruption in slovakia ' :d i mean if you know at least a tiny bit about kali\u0148\u00e1k or just smer and their buddies in general , you would know how fucking hilarious that statement is . 
  slovaks have that too . 
   to be more accurate , i think some labour and some tory do vocally support soft brexit yeah , i know , but as for now , the parts of labour and parts of tories which are quite firmly pro-brexit hold a pretty strong position in their parties for now . 
  overall i just do n't see how the british politicians could make such a big u-turn since the british population voted to leave , so going against brexit means going against the public . 
   is permanent resettlement program a pain in the ass in that scenario ? 
  yes . 
  is it necessary ? 
  yes . 
  w/o it just the bare administration in border countries will collapse . 
  sorry , but i will never be ok with any pernament resettlement programme no matter what . 
  this is a question a fundamental security for my country and it 's simply not acceptable to me that we should lose our control completely . 
  hyphothetically if there was a war in some densely populated african country and millions of people were coming to europe , large number of them with a legit claim for asylum , it just would n't be sustainable that we take them all . 
  specially not in my country that does n't have any experience with integrating these people . 
  it would cause a massive political instability and i do n't want that to happen . 
  you guys would probably end up with kotleba having even stronger position . 
  in that situation , i would simply want the eu to not let these people come and instead push for some safe zones closer to their home country , but knowing the eu , this wo n't happen , we ca n't even prevent economic migrants from reaching europe . 
  so since i ca n't rely on the eu on this , i want to rely on my national government to take care of this . 
   in other words , imagine that putin will go apeshit again and launch full-scale invasion of ukraine . 
  millions of ukrianians would pour through borders and all of our countries i would n't mind , poland has recently accepted over million of ukrainians migrants without any problems at all and the czech republic could very well accept a large number of them too . 
  we have a very low unemployment and the ukrainians find it easy to find jobs here and are in general unproblematic . 
  if there was a significant crisis in ukraine , i would be completely fine if the czech republic , poland , slovakia , hungary , bulgaria or romania took care of the refugees and the west could just help us out financially . 
  in fact , i would probably go and volunteer to help the refugees myself . 
   this is n't about whether commission will have though stance or not . 
  yes , it is . 
  it makes a difference whether someone has the attitude towards migration like sweden or like hungary . 
  obviously the next migration crisis might see a different commission , but as i said , i do n't have much faith that the next commission will be any different from this commission . 
   many of these spearheaded by commission while v4 states did fuck all to participate or drive these actions aside of typical sitting on the fence and moaning about how everyone is evil . 
  that 's not true , the czech republic is fairly active in the middle east and africa and we spend significant amount of money on peace-keeping , stabilization missions , we send money and staff to frontex just like other eu countries , we spend money on humanitarian and development help , so we do not just sit and moan and do nothing . 
   and before you start with `` we have nothing to do with what happened in syria '' check shady deals of czech excalibur company , with slovak oligarch miroslav vyboh that was shipping czech , slovak or hungarian discarded weapons from army stock to saudi arabia where it mysteriously disappeared only to later appear on videos from syria . 
  i do n't think all czech citizens are responsible for what some private czech company has done . 
  it does n't change anything about my opinion , i certainly do not support arming any terror groups . 
  neither labour nor tories support this , so i do n't see how the uk could stay in the eu . 
  tories are n't going to change their mind on this , they would risk losing votes they ca n't afford to lose at this point and corbyn himself seems pretty anti-eu .
