  our central bank however has lots and lots of money in the foreign exchange reserves . 
  like almost dangerously lot . 
  they sit on 124 billions of euro . 
  that 's like 70 % of our gdp . 
  i 'm pretty sure he was talking about porn . 
  but if not , then this is really embarassing :-d, 
  ah , i see , those videos ... about that , i have something big to reveal to you guys . 
  those videos are n't real . 
  the people in the videos are actors . 
  it is scripted . 
  it is n't real life . 
  however , you were still right about the euromonies . 
  we do n't have any here , we only have korunas . 
  how did you find out ? 
   what makes you think they will stay ? 
  the current situation is that european countries find it very hard to deport migrants . 
  so even many of those who are to be deported are n't really deported . 
   is that enough or are you hoping for a final solution or something ? 
  right , because if i do n't like this kind of behaviour of the migrants/refugees , i 'm literaly a nazi , is that what you 're trying to say ? 
  what i meant was penalties for those who are proved to lie during the asylum process . 
  so that the worst that can happen to these people is n't just that they will just start to be treated as adults . 
  there should be a harsher punishment for this behaviour . 
  they should be the first ones on the deportation list . 
  if they 're from an unsafe country like syria , allow them to stay , but rule out a pernament stay and kick them out as soon as it 's possible . 
  there should be clear incentives and punishments so that people do n't try to game the system . 
  it does n't matter how many people are still coming , even if you lower the overall numbers , you still should n't let people abuse your system . 
  but no , i do n't mean that you should set up a concentration camp for them and gas them all to death , if that 's what you want to know . 
  i do n't understand why swedish people are not protesting that their social welfare system is this abused . 
  i mean , you ca n't just let people game the system and get away with it . 
  and you ca n't let these people live in the same facilities with actual children and teens . 
  there should be some penalties for people who clearly lie about their age to get more advantages for themselves . 
  yeah , it does . 
  there are meetings on regular basis , although it 's more of a discussion platform , it has in no way such an importance as the eu . 
  however what is important about the council of europe is that the european court of human rights is under its authority . 
  many people do n't know it and think that it 's under the eu or they confuse the eu 's court of justice with the european court of human rights , but they 're not the same . 
  as the name says , the european court of human rights deals with human right abuses in the member countries of the council of europe . 
  both countries can sue other countries for violating human rights ( but that 's rare ) and individuals or groups can sue countries . 
  the court has legal jurisdiction over all member countries , so its rulings are legally binding . 
  so most countries more or less respect the rulings . 
  obviously the court does n't actually have such strong tools to enforce its rulings when it comes to countries like russia , but at least it serves as an international authority that can say `` this is wrong and should be fixed '' and russia at least has to pretend like they 're doing something to fix it , otherwise they could be excluded from the council . 
  the council also makes annul reports about the state of human rights in each member country , it issues recommendations for improvement and so on . 
  the people held in detention centres are usually those who : a ) crossed the borders illegally and do not want to apply for asylum here ( because they wish to get to germany , sweden or some other western european country and apply for asylum there ) . 
  b ) crossed the borders illegally and already applied for asylum in another eu country ( for example italy or hungary ) , so under dublin they 're to be deported there . 
  regular asylum applicants are n't held in the closed detention centres long-term . 
  they 're moved to open refugee centers when their identity is reliably established and they 're not found to be a security threat and they can wait in these open centres until their application is resolved . 
  the people who throw tantrums in the closed detention centres usually do so either because they receive a deportation order back to their home country , or because they simply want to be let go to the western europe . 
  however we 're not obliged to allow them this at all . 
  nothing happened to it , but its main area of concern is n't security . 
  you guys stole codex gigas and never returned it :(, 
  it does n't explicitly mention the eu . 
  ` european security structures ' can mean all sorts of things , it could really be just a bilateral security treaty between the eu and russia which would determine the new relationship , under which russia could play a part of another security guarantor . 
  nowadays that is obviously unthinkable , but hyphothetically if russia started to act more friendly in the future , there should be some way how to slowly and carefuly bring them to the european family . 
  thanks for pointing that out , i completely missed that . 
  that 's a bit less alarming then . 
  the damage that russia caused by enforcing their influence on the eastern bloc is impossible to even properly calculate . 
  it 's basically decades of lost development . 
  they 're never gon na pay for that . 
  it sucks , but that 's how it is , if all countries had to pay for every hardship inflicted on other countries , then we countries would be paying back for collonial times until today . 
  i did n't downvote you . 
  i was just suggesting another way how people could have read the question , given the fact that in other questions , they mostly answer that while they wish russia could be an ally , they do n't trust putin and they think that we should be careful about any cooperation or that russia should n't have a say in european affairs ( see slide 40 ) . 
  even though i agree that those 38 % of people in my country who think that putin can be an ally are extremely allarming . 
  edit : actually it 's only 38 % of those 27 % who thought that russia is defending traditional values . 
  just to make it clear , the sentence people agreed to says :  russia should be considered a partner in european security and brought into european security structures . 
  keeping russia out makes us less secure . 
  i do n't agree with this statement when it comes to the current russian government , however i would n't completely rule out such relationship with russia as a possibility in the future , if the political leadership in russia changes . 
  not okay , not okay at all . 
   is n't this already the case mostly ? 
  no , it is precisely the point of the eu that it brings lots of european countries together and works as a platform for them to work together and try to find consensus . 
  it forces them to cooperate and keep communicating even if they do n't share the same views on something . 
  as a result , it creates some basic level of trust among the countries , since it brings some order and predictability to otherwise anarchic international relations ( anarchic in a way that there normally is n't any higher authority enforcing rules among states ) . 
  imho we should be very careful before deciding to cause some massive fractions to this structure . 
  cooperation on refugees , investment funds , lgbt rights , corruption ... these are all important issues , but they 're not issues connected to the basic survival of the state . 
  the first job of a state is to protect its people and ensure its own survival . 
  none of ee countries are able to ensure their survival in a theoretical fight against russia without military alliances . 
  so obviously , they will try ally themselves with both strong and reliable partners and up until now , us has been meeting these criteria more than western european countries . 
  with trump this might change , however it 's not yet 100 % clear how his administration is going to behave . 
  my point is though that it does n't matter how much who gives or does n't give to who within the eu . 
  ee is n't going to deter russia with newly build biking routes paid for by eu funds . 
  ee states have to take whatever necessary measures they can to ensure their security and if we countries wo n't be willing/able to help out , then ee countries will naturally look to the us . 
  because this is about the basic security for ee . 
  if you start condition your support with `` well , maybe if you do better at fight against corruption , if you improve lgbt rights , if you take refugees . . '' then what is the point of being in a military allience together ? 
  at least trump 's conditions are actually making sense , since 2 % of gdp on defense is the recommened nato spending limit and member countries agreed to raise it to that level by 2024 . 
   the club has become so large that it is less likely everyone is going to agree . 
  yes , it 's more difficult to agree , however at the same time , the eu is a big club and so it has more strenght at the international scene . 
  the eu has already lost the uk and the brexit negotiations will certainly be much more difficult if the eu ca n't keep a united line . 
  if you start breaking eu into smaller groups every time you have significant disagreements , then you might as well not have any european union . 
  you 'll just have a bunch of countries , some cooperating more closely with each other than others . 
   so you either have to allow countries that want to do something together to go and do it or do n't do anything . 
  there already is this possibility within the eu treaties , it 's called the enhanced cooperation and member countries have been free to use it this whole time . 
  it 's their own fault that they were n't using is . 
  but there 's no need to completely re-structure the eu because of that . 
   if we do nothing western europe 's electorate is going to revolt . 
  what exactly is ee doing that will make we electorate explode ? 
  too much immigration from ee ? 
  well too bad , because freedom of movement is part of the single market and the single market is going to stay regardless of whether there 's a two speed europe or not . 
  not cooperating in the migrant crisis ? 
  that 's essentially just a v4 thing , not ee thing . 
  and even in the case of v4 , not taking the refugees hardly makes some huge problem for we , since you know , as we can see , most refugees do n't stay in their assigned countries anyway , so eventually we will get them one way or another . 
  or is this about the problems and disbalances in the eurozone ? 
  because that 's also something that ee absolutely did n't cause .
