  because the messier the situation in europe is , the better for him . 
  yeah , the problem is , we are obliged to join the eurozone at some point . 
  we do n't have an opt-out like uk or denmark . 
  there is no specific deadline , so i guess we can just keep postponing it , but we already fulfill all the economical requirements , so i 'm not sure how much longer we can drag this until someone in the eu firmly reminds us , that we actually have a legal obligation to join , even if we do n't want to anymore . 
  yeah , yeah , as if putin has any interest in solving the refugee crisis . 
  it is the best thing that happened to him in years . 
  i would vote yes to eu membership and schengen but no to euro . 
  i think the current state of eurozone is flawed and i hope we do n't join until it 's fixed . 
  pff , british weather is awful . 
  we have enough cloudy and rainy days here , why should i move somewhere where they have even more :d, 
  i 'm pretty sure it would be very harmful to our economy , which basically stands or falls by trade with other european countries . 
  so i hope it does n't happen . 
  obviously external borders need to be protected better . 
  but that 's easier said than done . 
  you have probably hit the nail on the head . 
  those iraqi christian refugees in cz are indeed ( well according to media reports and reports from the charity organisation , which helps with their transfer ) middle or upper-middle class people and probably led quite comfortable lifes before isis drove them out of their homes . 
  so yes , it is a issue of different expectations . 
  the problem is , we ca n't give them everything they expect . 
  we ca n't guarantee them jobs , which would fit their qualifications . 
  even if we could , the wages here are lower that in we . 
  and the unemployment benefits even lower . 
  the general public attitude towards mena people is rather hostile . 
  this all will make it very difficult for refugees in eastern europe to regain the social status they used to have . 
  it could take years . 
  i think that most will not be that patient and will leave either back to their home country , or to western europe . 
  i was thinking exactly the same when i read that line :d, 
  honestly i 'm not so sure about that . 
  maybe they integrate well in the western countries , where they actually planned to go . 
  we have different experience here . 
  few months ago , three syrian families with seriously ill kids were transported to prague for treatment under medevac program . 
  everything was paid for , including the transport . 
  one of the families left immediately to germany , just a few days after they landed here . 
  poland has similar experience with christian refugees . 
  we have also brought some iraqi christian refugees and more are to come . 
  one of those who are already here managed to create a controversy by telling a reporter that they do n't like the flats they were offered and if they do n't get suitable accomodation , they might as well return back to iraq . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not against taking refugees from war zones . 
  our country can afford to take care of thousands of them . 
  but we ca n't afford to take care of them as well as western countries and the refugees know this . 
  we ca n't provide the same life standard for them as germany or sweden . 
  and i do n't even blame them for wanting to have the best conditions for a new start . 
  it makes sense . 
  but you ca n't blame czech people that they feel a bit angry , when they see people coming to our country , getting free stuff that normal czech citizens do n't get and then complaining that they are not getting enough . 
  and those are people who came here voluntarily . 
  imagine how those who were forced to come will behave . 
  i can already see how greatly the integration will go , if the refugees are forced to move to countries , they do n't want to go to . 
  most of them risked their lifes and paid huge amounts of money to smugglers to get them to western europe , preferably germany . 
  they will for sure be very happy when they are told they have to go to the czech republic , where the benefits are much lower and public opinion is strongly against them , while some other refugees get lucky in the lottery and will be send to sweden . 
  what a great start for a successful integration . 
  no , thanks , i do n't want that . 
  small countries would end up with no influence whatsoever . 
  but if people from the founding countries want to integrate further , it 's their choice , we should n't be stopping them . 
  thanks for the info , i did n't know there were czech villages in romania . 
  anyway i 'm not surprised that our foreign ministry is active there . 
  as i said we have a special department for these matters and we do fund educational programs - teaching czech is involved in that . 
  if you think about it , that actually makes sense - if these people decide to come back , it 's good for them to know czech . 
  they will be able to find a job quickly and the state wo n't have to pay benefits to them . 
  so i think it 's well spent money . 
  czech republic here . 
  we have a special department at the foreign affairs ministry , which is in charge of supporting czechs living abroad or people with czech origin . 
  basically we fund cultural or educational programs . 
  these are not large sums , it 's mostly symbolic . 
  last year this sort of donations went to countries all over the world . 
  the biggest czech diaspora would probably be in the united states and in the western europe , since that 's where most people fleeing from the communism regime went . 
  as far as i 'm concerned there are quite a lot of people with czech origin in texas or illinois . 
  sometimes when czech politicians go a on foreign visit to the us , they also visit these people , but in general , i would not say we maintain a very close relationship - afterall those people are already american , even when they still hold on to some czech cultural heritage . 
  there is also a small group of originally czech people living in ukraine . 
  these people mostly do n't speak czech anymore , but they still keep ties to our country . 
  they have been returning in several waves - after 1945 ( fleeing the terror of ussr ) , after the chernobyl disaster and now again because of the war in ukraine . 
  they get support from our goverment - free language courses , free accomodation for a few months until they find a job and so on . 
  but basically , they do n't even need to much help , they are so similar to us , that they just integrate very smoothly . 
  unlike poland , we do n't have any strong communities of czechs emigrating to other eu countries after 2004 . 
  czech people largely stayed home and so far it does n't seem to be changing even with the young generation , which can speak foreign languages better than the previous one . 
  i see , that makes more sense . 
  so you think they would wait until london is really hit for sure and then they would retaliate ? 
  yeah , to me it seems like a really strange decision . 
  i mean if you do n't retaliate after your capital is hit with nukes , it 's pretty clear you are not willing to retaliate at all , therefore you can only expect more hits , because the enemy knows , you wo n't do shit about it . 
  so ... they decided that if london is attacked with nuclears weapons they will not do anything ? 
  i also get the feeling that western countries often think they know everything better and perhaps sometimes act a bit patronizing . 
  but honestly , it does n't really matter now . 
  this whole blame-game is not going to solve anything . 
  it 's not important who screwed up more , if the west , v4 or greece . 
  the only thing that matters is to not let another million of people come to germany , because it might destroy schengen , make huge economic damages , boost anti-eu and pro-russian parties everywhere in europe and change brexit status from `` might happen '' to `` most definitely will happen . '', 
  so the step one must be - try to keep the refugees in turkey . 
  if that fails , they must be stopped in greece . 
  this will be a big burden for greece and as i said i feel really conflicted about this , but it has to be done . 
  hopefully it will discourage others from coming and the whole situation will eventually stabilize . 
  i feel really bad for greece . 
  they did n't cause any of this and they are being screwed over because of their geographical position . 
  that being sad , we really have no other choice but preparing ourselves to close the borders with greece . 
  i hope it will not come to this , but the truth is , we have no way to do anything about the situation in syria or iraq . 
  we ( cee countries ) have also little influence over the deal with turkey . 
  i really hope germany manages to negotiate a good deal that would stop the flow of migrants to greece . 
  as others pointed out , the greek borders are pretty impossible to protect . 
  even if all eu countries send hundreds of police officers to guard the borders , it wo n't help , if turkey refuses to take them back . 
  so our only choice is to prepare for this situation , when austria , slovenia and perhaps germany start to close to borders and help those countries who are next in line after greece and whose borders can be better protected . 
  if this happens though , i hope greece will get huge material and financial support and some of its debt will be forgiven . 
  because it is really unfair to them . 
  the living standard in the capitals ( or in the big cities in general ) is always a bit higher than in the rest of the country . 
  but anyway , i guess you 're right that some westerners think we are all living in a terrible poverty . 
  i got that a lot when i travelled to western europe and said where i 'm from , people looked at me almost sympathetically and asked me questions like , whether we have microwaves in the czech republic or if i have ever been to cinema ( assuming that we ca n't afford such luxury in ee as going to see the movies ) .
