   iirc , it was promised that we would take a minimum amount no matter the 1v1 exchange program ? 
  i can be wrong though . 
  well i do n't know if merkel did some special deal with erdogan , but this was not promised on the european level . 
  i very clearly remember our pm justifying the deal at home by saying that it will likely mean that we will actually get a very few migrants , since they will be deterred from traveling to greece and once they stop travel to greece , we wo n't have to accept anyone . 
  so unless he was bullshiting , i do n't think there was any minimum amount . 
  there was actually a maximum amount ( 70k people ) . 
   even if the program is canceled , we wo n't see the same numbers of refugees as they would be stuck in greece . 
  the balkan route wont open again . 
  the turkey deal is essentially just a deal to help greece . 
  true . 
  if the turkey deal fails , greece will be fucked . 
  i feel really bad for italy and greece . 
  though i do hope that as time passes , the migrants will be more and more informed that there is no paradise in europe and at least a part of them will decide not to come . 
  the misinformation is really a huge problem . 
   turkey agreement is in fact a resettlement program and we will take the lions share . 
  the turkey agreement can go two ways . 
  either it works and people will eventually stop trying to leave turkey to get to greece because they will know they will be returned . 
  this means that we will eventually not get many refugees , since we are supposted to accept 1-for-1 . 
  but if there are no people coming , there will be no people returned and thus no people accepted . 
  or the agreement stops working for some reason , which now seems quite likely , and then the whole resettlement program is cancelled . 
  either way , i do n't see germany or any other country taking a lot of refugees under the turkey deal . 
   i would like to contest that the low numbers in denmark are caused by these ads . 
  i would argue that it is rather caused by the fact that denmark is not a desired country like germany , sweden or the uk are . 
  i guess you 're right . 
  you could also argue that denmark is not a desired country because they have stricter immigration laws , so germany should probably follow this as well . 
  but i guess you 're already doing that to some extent . 
   i think you are aiming at priotizing resettlement of those in need over accepting those who have the means to get here without the help of the un . 
  well , actually i would prefer if eu was much more active in the mena region so that no one would have to leave . 
  when i say active i do n't mean just throwing money at un or at the national governments of mena countries while screaming `` you take care of this '' . 
  i wish that eu would actually have a coherent foreign policy focused on preventing crisis in our neighbourhood . 
  but that is not gon na happen in the near future , so we will have to decide how to approach the next wave of migrants . 
  and in that case , yeah , i would definitely prefer that we do everything we can to prevent them from coming by themselves and instead we pick the ones who need the protection most . 
  so basically single moms , unaccompanied children , lgbt people or other minorities , single young women who are vulnerable to become a target for sexual crimes . 
  because otherwise this is what 's gon na happen : like 80 % of the first arrivals will be young healthy men , public will get pissed because of that and politicians will close the borders again . 
  in the meantime the more vulnerable groups will try to make the journey and they will get stuck , just like they did in greece . 
   because , as we have seen , the commitments of countries under these relocation programs are laughable . 
  but you ca n't really blame eastern european countries for that , we did try to ressetle some people and they left to germany after like two months , even though they were treated nicely and got a lot of support . 
  it was a huge pr disaster here and obviously people now will be super sceptical of any other ressetlement plans . 
  i do n't see why germany does n't create some major ressetlement programme , people actually do want to come to your country , your public and politcians are still probably open to immigration ( ? 
  ) , so why do n't you launch something like australia or canada only with bigger numbers ? 
  what is stopping your from switching from open-door policy to this kind of policy ? 
   they know that their country is in ruins and they want to believe the human traffickers when they tell them that they will get a free house and a job . 
  you can not really fight that . 
  i get that it is hard to fight that , but denmark is an example that it is really not that impossible , they did launch a marketing campaign in the middle east and they 're not getting as many migrants as germany or sweden . 
   people do n't like getting called out . 
  it 's easier when you can just pretend you did everything right and that only germany was at fault . 
  i guess so , but i really hate this . 
  it always happens in every discussion platform that once there is a dominant opinion established ( does n't matter whether liberal , conservative , right-wing , left-wing ) , other opinions get downvoted and people who have these different opinions tend to leave and then the discussions are boring echo-chambers . 
  i 'm not saying that each opinion should be equally represented , i just wish the minority opinions were not downvoted . 
   it is only now , when the problems direcly affect us , that we get active . 
  that 's the human nature , really hard to do anything about that . 
  and also our political system of voting people in for a relatively short time , typically 4 years , is not exactly creating the best conditions for long-term solutions . 
  not saying that we should change the system , obviously the alternative of having someone in power for a long time would have other risks . 
   the difference is : nobody holds russia and the arab nations to our standard . 
  and we should not use their acting as an argument . 
  it is wrong , but it is not a justification for us to do less . 
  oh , absolutely , i was not trying to suggest otherwise . 
  it was more of a sidenote . 
  and a complain that western `` allies '' in the middle east are not only not giving a crap about people from syria and iraq but are also sponzoring terrorists . 
   many poorer people would never have made the journey the really poor people will not make it to europe anyway , not under the current conditions when you have to pay literaly thousands of dollars to get here , because there is no other legal way ( well except for maybe the deal with turkey under which some migrants should be transported to europe for those who are deported , but who knows how long the turkey deal will last ) . 
  the poorest will simply not make it here even if the conditions get worse in the camps . 
  that 's the reality , by taking migrants in , we 're not helping the ones who are most in need . 
  that 's one of the problems i have with the current migration policy of germany . 
   the same was said about the uk or sweden . 
  the uk just had the advantage of being an island . 
  you ca n't deny that germany and sweden have been a bit extreme in this case though . 
  the reaction of your politicians and your public has been a pull factor , there 's no doubt about it , we will probably never know how big this pull factor was , but you ca n't deny that the way germany reacted encouraged at least some of the migrants . 
  you 're right , do n't know why people are downvoting you . 
  i agree with the general stance that we should try to keep the migrants where they are and prevent them from traveling to europe in large numbers . 
  now i wish our politicians pulled their heads out of their asses and started actually contributing to this in a meaningful way . 
  we gave just 40 % of our fair share in 2015 , poland was at 17 % , slovakia at 18 % , other eastern european countries were not examined , but i can imagine the numbers were similar . 
  you know what 's funny though ? 
  saudia arabia and qatar gave only 28 % and 18 % . 
  and those are countries who are actively arming the radical islamist rebels in syria and thus making the whole situation worse . 
  russians who are bombing hospitals in syria gave 1 % . 
  another thing is that it 's not entirely sure that giving more money for the refugee camps in the middle east would keep the people from coming anyway . 
  people who came last year were really not the poorest class otherwise they would not be able to pay thousands of dollars to the smugglers . 
  these people would probably still decide to travel to europe , even if the conditions in the refugee camps were better , because they do n't want to live in refugee camps , they want to restore their middle/upper class status asap and germany was sold to them as a place where this will basically magically happen overnight . 
  arguably germany did n't do a very good at dispeling this message . 
  uhm , would n't be so sure about that . 
  a german girl once asked me , after i said where i 'm from , whether that 's in europe and she was being serious . 
  she was really surprised to find out that we actually share a border . 
  ignorant people are everywhere , including germany . 
  do n't forget - czech republic ? 
  is that like ... in russia ? 
  but you speak russian , do n't you ? 
  do n't worry about it too much . 
  sure , some people did go `` omg albania is so dangerous , i knew it , it is a muslim country full of bloodthirsty mafia '' . 
  but these people would never go to albania in the first place . 
  the adventurous type of czech tourists ( and there is quite lot of them ) understand that tragedies happen everywhere . 
  i 've actually just recently talked to a guy who planned to visit albania with a group of his friends in the summer . 
  i would personally love to visit it as well , it looks absolutely gorgeous . 
  the west actually planned to help russia as well . 
  ideal development would be if the entire region , including russia , reformed and became democratic . 
  that very soon proved to be impossible in russia . 
  after that the choice was either integrate us or let us trapped in a security vacuum that russia would eventually try to fill , so you would either have ukraine-style scenario or all-out russian invasion very close to your borders . 
  not much fun for anybody . 
  i do n't really blame the russians for failing to reform though , they were in such a fucked-up situation in the 90s , that i ca n't see how they could have been successful . 
  transforming a country is very difficult thing , we had all the political support and guidance from the west and as you can see we still have issues . 
  and we had a much better starting position than the russians .
