  what i do mind though is the moral grandstanding and the big talk about european values , spirit and solidarity and all this crap , when in the vast majority of cases , it 's the good old national interests which hide behind it . 
  and i feel like this is something that we is extremely good at . 
  i sometimes jokingly say that the biggest european value is hypocrisy . 
  in contrast our politicians have not yet mastered this skill of selling our particular interest as an european interest . 
  they should really take a lecture from macron , because that dude is incredibly good at this . 
  i mean , all he 's trying to push through so far screams `` french particular interests '' so hard , yet he manages to look like the biggest european . 
  but of course it would be silly to blame we for this . 
  it 's our own fault that our politicians tend to be so incompetent at foreign policy , not we 's fault . 
  you 're right that there absolutely are certain gaps . 
  the different post-45 development is simply something that ca n't be ignored . 
  however i do n't agree that it is ignored by most people . 
  i actually think that the cw division is still mentally in place for a lot of people , even though it 's not really accurate anymore . 
  of course the differences are there , but sometimes they 're made to look bigger than they actually are . 
  it 's really difficult to find the right balance , where we respect each other 's differences , while at the same time , do n't push out others by saying `` you do n't belong to us , you 're too different , too backwards and your opinions ca n't be taken seriously '' . 
  i know that this is not what you were saying , but this is unfortunately what the consequence of being different often is . 
   they are at their most powerfull now , in this system of intergovernmental deals and negotiation . 
  why not at least try to change that if we can only make the situation better ? 
  why just do nothing , if doing anything gives us the chance to gain more power in relation to them ? 
  but i 'm not really convinced that they 're at their most powerfull now . 
  as i explained , i think that federation would give them even more power than they have now . 
  it would eliminate the unanimity requirement completely , everything would be decided through qmv . 
  and of course the bigger the country is , the more influence it has in the qmv . 
  my country has only 10 million people . 
  even v4 together do n't have a blocking power . 
  so let 's say we go into a federation and the eu takes over the immigration policy ? 
  who will dictate such policy ? 
  surely not us . 
  only in this case , we will have even less power to resist eu 's policies . 
  and i do n't mean to panic here over some 2k refugees , but what if the situation in mena gets completely crazy ( which is not a far-fetched scenario , given their political , demographic and climate prospects ) and the eu decides to put in place a pernament relocation scheme ? 
  our population is simply not gon na accept something like that . 
  we just ca n't share the immigration policy with countries like germany or sweden , it would be a complete disaster if the eu tried to force us into something like that . 
   i think this fear of federation actually brings us closer and closer to a system where we are second tier countries and why should that be such a huge problem ? 
  if we still have nato , we can exist as a second tier countries . 
  i simply do n't think the czech population is ready to federalization , so are we supposed to force this on our people against their wishes ? 
  thanks , that 's really interesting . 
  and yeah , velvet revolution is a nice topic to learn about . 
  we really miss havel-style politicians over here right now . 
  even though he was n't perfect of course . 
  and he 's sometimes almost too glorified abroad . 
  but yeah , that 's definitely great that you also had some subjects about the former warsaw-pact countries . 
  i think that in general , people in the western europe do n't really know much about us and this creates lots and lots of misunderstandings at the eu level . 
  in a federation , the federal government simply has the ultimate power over many areas , such as foreign policy , security , immigration , trade , taxation and others , it can of course differ in each federation . 
  there is no unanimous decision-making process , where all member would have a veto . 
  i know that this is n't fully the case in the current eu either , but at least there are still some areas where unanimity is required . 
  in a federation , this would go away . 
  i know you 'll say that at least we 'll have a place at the table , at least we 'll be able to take a matter to the court , but what difference does it make , when germany and france eventually get their own way anyway ? 
  the formal structures do not neutralize their size and economic strength , they might put some constraints , but they do n't prevent us from being outvoted on matters which are very important to us . 
  now , if we somehow were in a crucial danger , i would be willing to disregard this . 
  better sacrifice some sovereignity and be secure , then clinge to sovereignity and end up invaded . 
  but as for now , we 're not in an immediate danger . 
  nato still exists and the us is still a solid ally to us , even though trump is of course a destabilizing factor . 
  but unless trump goes full crazy , i do n't see a reason why we absolutely have to rush into a federation . 
  i simply do n't believe that it will get us more influence in europe . 
  yeah , of course i understand that you ca n't possibly know everything about each member country . 
  but i was wondering , do you learn the technicalities , i.e. 
  for example what are the exact legislative procedures within the eu institutions , how does the eu agriculture subsidies/eu cohesion funds work and so on , or do you learn more so about the overall geopolitical/economic context of the eu ? 
  or both ? 
  so you basically advocate for an eu army , is that correct ? 
  my view on that is that while it sounds good , i do n't think it has any chance of happening without the eu turning into a federation . 
  and i think the eu turning into a federation would end up being dominated by the franco-german duo anyway . 
  the political , social , cultural and economic divisions between the member countries are just too big for an eu federation to work properly , without massively disregarding the will of small countries ' populations on many instances . 
  my country has tied its economy to german economy basically as close as it gets . 
  this still does n't make me any less doubtful that germany would help us in the unlikely scenario of a russian invasion . 
  german public is extremely pacifistic which would put a lot of pressure on german politicians to not get involved . 
  plus germany has traditionally had good relations with russia . 
  of course i ca n't be 100 % sure what would happen , but at the very least germans are n't any more reliable than americans . 
  before trump got in power , i would actually say they were much less reliable than americans , but nowadays , i 'm not really sure whether that 's still true . 
  this differs in different types of schools in the czech republic ( some have more civics classes than others , thus more time to squeeze in some infor about the eu ) , let alone in different member countries . 
  there is no unified schooling system in the eu . 
  education largely remains in the hands of the national/regional governments . 
  of course you do have eu-wide education programmes such as erasmus , but the every-day schooling is n't dictated by the eu . 
  so you would really have to ask in each country 's subreddit about what they teach about the eu . 
  in the czech republic , it 's the basics - i.e. 
  a brief history , the main institutions and their seats and what they consists of , what the member countries are , the eurozone and its member countries , schengen and its member countries and that 's basically it . 
  we learn about the eu in a very neutral , fact-based way , the same goes for other international organizations . 
  political partisanship is in general forbidden in schools , so the teachers try hard to remain politically neutral . 
  just wanted to say that i absolutely agree with this . 
  i recognize that in theory , the concept of a european federation makes sense , but i just simply do n't believe that it would work well for the smaller and poorer countries in the real-life . 
  there are just too many big social , cultural , economic and political differences between the member states . 
  right now , the member countries still have enough sovereignity to force the eu to look for a compromise in most cases , but we already see how it goes when the search for a compromise is disregarded and instead a qmv is pushed against some countries ' will . 
  giving even more power to the eu would mean that this would become the norm , rather than the exception . 
  and this is just not good for small-sized countries like ours who do n't have much influence in the eu . 
  well then following this logic , you could say the same thing about absolutely anything that concerns the eu , because you know ... that is also tied to the eu membership . 
  that does n't change the fact that it is not legally possible to withdraw the eu funds because of non-compliance with the quota system under the current legislation . 
  i do n't know if you realize that , but infringement procedures are something which is not that rare within the eu . 
  they 're actually started against member states quite regularely , it 's just that this particular case has lots of publicity . 
  and i do n't really see people getting angry over the countless of other infringement procedures and suggesting that concerned countries should have their funds cut . 
  sorry , an unrelated question . 
  since you study european affairs , would you say you have a throurough understanding of the way eu operates , would you say you understand all the aspects of its policies and are able to make informed decisions ? 
  i was always wondering about that - whether people who study european affairs - do have a full picture about the eu , or whether additional knowledge of related fields , such as economic or international relations , is necessary . 
  yeah , that 's a good point . 
  the same thing happened in ireland . 
  european political elites often have a very clear idea about what 's good for the people and they 're willing to push it through even if the people reject it . 
  you know what , i feel like in the case of the quota system it 's more so the commission that should start discussing the key facts instead of pretending as if the system worked fine . 
  the thing is that knowing the very basics about the eu wo n't really help you understanding the eu that much . 
  we are nowadays taught the basics about the eu at school . 
  my generation already had that in geoography and civic classes . 
  the problem is that it 's simply not enough . 
  you actually nowadays have people taking their bachelor and master degrees purely in european affairs , this is how incredibly complex the eu is at this point . 
  and this does n't go just for the eu .
