  norway , sweden and finland - ironically one of the hotspots for refugees . 
   widespread institutionalized racism , skinheads when was the last time you were in the eastern europe ? 
  because i just do n't feel like what you 've described is true , we do n't have that many people of other races here , but those who are here ( so basically vietnamese ) are well accepted , sure , the first generation is still a bit segregated , but their kids speak our language , do well at school , go to unis and in general lead the same lifes as we do . 
  i do n't deny we have our fair share of racist idiots , but i do n't really think we have that more of them than western european countries - just look at the post-brexit reactions to see that racist idiots are in such a multiethnic country as the uk . 
  i also do n't deny that we have problems with our roma minority , but to describe it as simply `` eastern europeans are all racists who oppress the poor roma people who are totally blameless '' would be misleading . 
  it 's more complex than that . 
   generalized corruption yes , we definitely have a problem with corruption . 
  mostly only in the high level politics though , not in the daily life . 
  bulgaria and romania might struggle with the low-level corruption as well , i 'm not sure , i 'm not that familiar with the countries . 
  in the end though this all does n't really matter . 
  these people are refugees who are asking for asylum . 
  they have a right to be safe , to receive shelter , food , accomodation , education for their children and the possibility to work . 
  anything else is extra . 
  nobody owes them a perfect liberal paradise free of any racists individuals . 
  nobody owes them a country with a high living standard , high wages and corruption-free institutions . 
  and certainly nobody owes them a country with a nice , mild , sunny climate on the top of that . 
  i get that they do n't have a family in the eastern europe , but they also do n't have a family in all of the western europe . 
  or do you think they have a relative in every single western european country ? 
  no , typically you have your closest relatives staying together in one country , sometimes you can have more distant relatives staying in another country , but it 's not like majority of the migrants have relatives all over the western europe . 
  so then how is it possible that they 're not refusing the other western european countries where they do n't have relatives to the same extent they refuse bulgaria and romania ? 
  why do they refuse bulgaria and romania more than estonia and estonia more than france ? 
  is it really only about family links , or could it be also about economic factors ? 
  i 'm not saying family links are not playing any role . 
  but seriously at this point , it 's very clear that the refugees/migrants are trying to get the best deal for them when it comes to economic benefits/prospects . 
  they 're not just refusing to go the eastern europe , they also do n't want to stay in southern european countries . 
  so basically what you 're saying is that they 're primarely motivated by economic factors . 
  got it . 
  i was saying the same thing . 
  i understand that they do n't want to go to romania or bulgaria because they think it 's too poor for them . 
  if it was purely about friends and family , then why is it that it 's exactly bulgaria and romania ( i.e. 
  the poorest members of the eu ) who have the highest rejection rate ? 
  if this really was about relatives , then the refugees would have to reject all countries but the one where their family is equally . 
  instead they 're way more likely to reject going to the eastern european countries . 
   russia basically wants back half of europe ( if you 're lucky , that does n't include you guys this time since you 're such a border case ) well , that 's what the european army is supposed to be for as well   in any case , i feel like we 've come to an ` agree to disagree point ' so i 'll leave it at that . 
  thanks for the civil discussions and know that i definitely understand the eeu positions even if i do n't agree with it . 
  yeah , i also feel like we 're arrived to the point where we wo n't convince the other . 
  it was still nice discussing it with you , so thank you too . 
   and it 's done all the time by way worse : the communist party from flanders even gets money from north korea ffs :p north korea has money ? 
  o.o but no seriously , just because russia and north korea do it , does n't mean it 's ok to do it . 
  on the contrary , when hostile countries do it , you sort of expect it . 
  but countries which are friendly to each other ? 
  that would be really weird . 
  your press and politicians would certainly not be happy about it . 
   if it 's any consolation , behind closed doors these forced quota 's seem dead in the water , germany is not ready to give up on it publicly yet . 
  yeah i know , other countries are starting to turn against it too . 
  and even those which would still be in favour can see that it would do more damage than benefits . 
  i 'm not sure whether the commission accepted it already . 
  they seem like they still want to push for this solution . 
   nobody said anything about foreign politicians being the face of said campaigns . 
  people would n't even be angry , they '' d be like ` who is that ? ', 
  what i meant is really just media campaigns . 
  they do n't have to be the face of the campaigns , just the fact that they organized/paid for the campaigns would be enough to upset a lot of people . 
  it 's basically interfering into another country 's politics . 
  i would n't feel comfortable with western european countries doing it here nor would i feel comfortable with us doing it in the western europe . 
  it 's none of our business what western europeans do within their countries , as long as they do n't try to force it on us , they can do whatever they want . 
   a weak eu with however the far-going constructs we have now ( free movement and whatnot ) is very unsuited to tackle/prevent many crisis , especially alone . 
  well that 's true , but i do n't really see how that would increase the desire of mena migrants to come to our countries . 
  they would still want to come to your countries . 
  look , i realize that i probably sound like `` not my problem , you stop annoy us with this and deal with it whichever way you want , i do n't care '' , but that 's not really what i 'm trying to say . 
  i understand that it 's also in our very interest that western europe manages to tackle these issues , so we should try to be as heplful as we can . 
  but , the thing is : 1 ) giving up the control over migration policy is too risky for us . 
  if we do that and the quotas are pushed through , our populations will be extremely angry . 
  in the good case scenario , you will have politicians like orb\u00e1n taking over in other ee countries , in the bad case scenario , you will have more referenda about leaving . 
  people here are just not going to swallow this easily . 
  we can not gamble this with the hope that the quotas will maybe not happen . 
  it 's too risky . 
  2 ) we actually do n't know what you should do . 
  really , we have no idea . 
  we do n't have any experience with the integration of problematic muslim immigrants . 
  we have no clue what is the right approach to this . 
  we already struggle with our roma minority , baltics struggle with their russian minority . 
  our immigration policy works well because we take in people who are easy to assimilate . 
  if we started to take problematic people , we would n't know what to do with them . 
  so we can cooperate on the border control , we can contribute more to foreign aid and we can push for more integration in the security matters - this potentional army might as well be also active in africa and the middle east ( both in combat roles , for example helping against boko haram or other radical groups , and also in noncombat roles , doing peacebuilding missions ) , to help prevent future migration waves . 
  this is the way i can see us being helpful to you , but i just ca n't see us giving up the power over who comes to our country . 
  it would n't even help you , since the people would not stay here . 
   i do n't know , is this the 19th century ? 
  oh come on , you know how i meant it . 
  the form of the campaign is not the point , the message is . 
  and i just do n't think the message would play well with western european audience . 
  people everywhere in the world do n't like having their countries criticized by foreigners . 
  it would be the same the other way around , if merkel decided to run a campaign here about how quotas are actually a great idea , it would also horribly backfire . 
   ok now you 're starting to think there 's some inferiority complex going on . 
  not really , but it 's true that eastern european countries are not exactly the first destination an average western european would think of , if he wanted to help to address an issue in his home country . 
   and the wall will never fall , putin 's russia is stable as ever and arabians will always be fine living under dictators . 
  sure i could be wrong , i certainly ca n't predict the future , so if we eventually happen to be attractive for illegal migrants , we will have to address that . 
  so far there no signals of it happening and it does n't seem likely that it will change in the near future . 
   that would be why one would have try and appeal to public opinion instead of just assuming your reputation is bad . 
  seriously , how could that possibly go ? 
  should we , like , i do n't know , send a delegation to the western europe with the message `` your leaders are stupid , we know much better what to do '' ? 
  we would only piss everyone off . 
  nobody likes being told what to do , and in the case of the western europe and the eastern europe , it 's even more unusual for the eastern part to give any advice to the western part . 
  or have you ever heard someone in the western europe say `` huh , this is not working so well in our country , let 's ask someone in prague , they might know what to do '' . 
   in the long term this is untenable for you guys too though . 
  once your countries become prosperous enough the divided hardass stance combined with weakening the eu will not save you from illegal immigration . 
  i 'm not so sure about that . 
  unless western europe undergoes some horrible meltdown ( not gon na happen ) , you will always be the more appealing target . 
  migrants from the mena world have very little actual knowledge about europe . 
  they follow what their relatives , friends , peers or facebook says , so they will always know about western europe more , because that 's where their communities already are . 
  as for us , we have not really overcome the negative `` eastern , post-communist , poor europe '' label even in the eyes of many if not majority of western europeans , let alone the rest of the world .
