  i wished that we could all sort of find the right middle ground , where we 're not hysterical but also not naive . 
  of course some ee leaders can also be blamed for failing to decrease the tensions and finding a common ground , it 's not just we 's fault . 
   therefore our primary mission should be to fight the causes of mass migration from the mena countries , and not talking about quotas . 
  absolutely agree . 
  the eu needs strong common foreign policy to be a strong influential player so that we 're able to handle these things before they blow up to our faces . 
  unfortunately for a common foreign policy we need a political union , for a political union , we need a fiscal union , and all this is just not happening any time soon . 
  so we will have to do with some partly-common foreign policy , under which we will be working together on non-controversial issues where all member states can agree or we will work closer together in different regional blocs where it 's easier to find consensus . 
   the sexual attacks in germany were very isolated incidents . 
  less than one percent of all immigrant criminality are sex crimes . 
  violent crime is quite low as well . 
  most of immigrant criminality are minor offensens and immigrants are not more criminal than the local population . 
  immigrant criminality per capita is also declining . 
  unfortunately this is not always about facts , but about emotions . 
  look at brexit , there were number of studies saying that ee migrants are beneficial to the uk , yet many brits still despise ee migrants and think they 're a burden to the country . 
  as i said , the atmosphere in ee ( and probably to a smaller extent in we as well ) is pretty toxic now , people will jump on the `` i hate all muslims '' bandwagon very easily once there is a case of muslims commiting violent crimes . 
  heck many already jumped on that bandwagon and there are hardly any muslims living here for now . 
  i think you kind of underestimate the fear and hostility people feel towards muslims here . 
  imagine spending most of your adult life isolated from any foreign cultures , being unable to travel or having any sort of contact with different races/cultures/religions . 
  suddenly after all this all you can hear from the media is 9/11 , sharia law , isis , terrorism in the western world , ghettos in the western capitals , charlie hebdo , sexual attacks , honor killings , abuse of sexual/ethnic/religious minorites in the middle east and so on . 
  that 's a lot of negative stuff , no wonder that people here are hysterical . 
  on the other hand , i always try to stick with the facts , but even i 'm very sceptical towards immigration from mena and that 's just because if you look at the region , it 's not exactly a liberal paradise . 
  women , gays or atheists are opressed in almost in every middle eastern country . 
  even the role-model muslim majority countries like indonesia or malaysia are not exactly so great at gender equality as is the standard european country . 
  i , as a young woman , would not want to live in any muslim-majority country , simply because i do n't believe that my rights would be respected there . 
  so when i see the prospects of thousands of people from the mena coming to my country , i feel very conflicted . 
  one hand , i would like to help people in need , on the other hand i see what are the average values people hold in mena , so i can assume the average mena migrant will hold them as well and he will not magicaly give them up once he reaches europe . 
  he might not commit crimes , but he can still be very conservative , he can be against homosexuals , he can restrict his daughters from dating czech boys , he can demand that we adjust our values to his . 
  and i just do n't want people like this in my country on the pernament bases . 
   that 's one reason why i do n't want refugees in romania or hungary for example . 
  to be frank , i do n't believe their authorities are capable to identify possible terrorists before they enter western europe . 
  i understand that you might not trust hungarian or romanian authorities , but i think that 's just prejudices to a big extent . 
  if some authorities proved to be very inefficient during this whole crisis , than it 's belgian authorities . 
  ee countries are poorer , not necessarily more incompetent . 
  other than that i agree with all your points about what needs to be working if we want to have an efficient european migration strategy , i think you have sumped it up perfectly . 
   sooner or later the ee countries will run into the same problems as the we countries : labour shortages in fields like health care for example . 
  that 's were the ee countries will need immigration , and eu immigration wo n't be enough close the gaps . 
  ee already has big issues with this , it 's not just we thing . 
  most ee countries are suffering from brain drain and low fertility rates , so yes , we do need migration to balance this out . 
  believe it or not , my country actually has had positive net migration in the last decade , we have plenty of slovaks , ukrainians and vietnamese here , along with other ee nations . 
  prague and brno are actually becoming quite popular with young expats from all over the world , since the cost of living is low and the standard of living is pretty much the same like in the we . 
  this is why i often sort of cringe when i hear people from we lecturing us about how what 's the right imigration policy . 
  i mean no offense , but it was n't us who after ww2 invited hundreds of thousands uneducated low skilled gast workers and then failed to properly integrate them . 
  the cost of this are still seen in france , belgium and as far as i 'm concerned even the turkish minority in germany is not exactly perfectly assimilated . 
  on the other hand our migrants in cz have integrated without any sort of troubles , they have jobs , their kids do well at school , basicaly you hardly know they 're here . 
  so i would just like to continue with our current imigration policy , because why breaking something that works well for us . 
  we still have a lot to improve and we can learn a lot from we and i welcome all advice in areas where we lag behind , but imigration is just not one of the areas . 
  if germany feels like they want to have more people from mena , fine , that 's your business , but we have a different migration strategy . 
  refugees are one thing , opening your country to economic migration from mena is another , we prefer economic migrants from other areas of the world . 
  `` you 're in my spot '' - sheldon cooper . 
  i was really not trying to advocate anything in the previous post , i was just saying what the commission wants . 
  you 're right that the dublin does n't work well , but the solution to that is not to replace one failed system with another failed system . 
  the quotas already proved to be not working , so to come up with a plan that we will just wait until one country is overwhelmed and then start relocation is just not a good plan in my view . 
   these countries are slowly but steadily exposed to immigration , they will understand that immigration ( in a controlled environment ) is not a bad thing and nothing to be afraid of . 
  that would only be the case if the immigration indeed runs smoothly . 
  if something like in germany or sweden ( the sexual attacks ) or in france or belgium ( terrorist attacks ) happens here , you can expect people to go nuts . 
  i think immigration is not a bad thing when you 're getting people who are educated or have a high potential to become educated and who hold similar liberal values which are compatible with our societies . 
  if you receive people coming with very backwards views and with very slim chances to find a job , then it 's something you can be legitimately afraid of , because the chances are high that these people will not integrate . 
  people in ee see how mass immigration of people from the third world worked out in we and they do n't want to repeat these mistakes . 
  sure , they can stay temporarily as refugees , but once the conflict is gone , they need to go back ( or ideally they should be kept in refugee camps close to their home countries ) . 
  thanks your all that information , it 's really interesting . 
  i had no idea that it took so long for the white ethnic groups to melt - i always supposed that it sort of happened at the beginning . 
  i think this shows how incredibly problematic it would ( will ) be for the eu to try to become a federal state . 
  we ( nations of europe ) might be all somewhat similar , but there are still big differences between us and as you mentioned your gov only accomplished to create this american identity when they outlawed the communities , which is unacceptable in europe , the eu can only use soft power . 
  at this point , i 'm not sure if all these efforts to create federal europe are not just doomed to fail , since there is just no such thing as european nation and there will not be one in the near future or maybe ever . 
   i would drop the quotas for the eastern european countries for now and instead ask them to work together with the eu and offer space and personnel for eu run and managed refugee shelters . 
  just make our lives a little bit easier while we , the eurozone countries , make more space , work through the backlog and establish an eu authority that can handle these things smoothly on its own . 
  i 'm not sure why you 're splitting it on eurozone vs non-euro countries though , slovakia and the baltics have euro and they are not in any way more keen on getting migrants than , say poland , czech republic or hungary . 
  but otherwise i absolutely agree and i think that would be a reasonable approach . 
  specially since i forgot to mention that pushing quotas will eventually make it even harder for we to cooperate with the ee , since there would be a high risk of anti-eu parties getting in the government and hinder any sort of progress in the eu . 
  our pro-eu politicians right now have their hands tied , they simply ca n't accept quotas even if they know that a few thousands of people a year would be manageble , because they 're risking that they will get replaced by someone who will refuse the quotas . 
  and not just the quotas , but also possible progress on common eu foreign/defense policy which is what our government is in favour of right now , but who knows what will happen in the next election cycle , if the commission continues with the counter-productive `` 250 thousands euro for each rejected refugee '' plan . 
  thank you for clarifying this . 
  you 're right that i only have a superficial understanding of the american society . 
  from the outside perspective it seems like you 're doing a better job at integrating muslims , but it could be just me focusing more on the situation in the western europe and not noticing all the problems in the us . 
  but still , at least you did n't intentionally invite hundreds of thousands of low-educated people from rather backwards countries and then failed to integrate them , because you assumed that they would all go back once the jobs were no longer there for them . 
  which is what we countries did after ww2 . 
  what you 're describing about muslims being relatively liberal on the outside but still pretty conservative in the inside is indeed very problematic and to some extent we have this here as well . 
  i have recently read a study about former chechens refugees who decided to stay in cz after escaping the war in chechnya and there was the same problem with them . 
  they had jobs , czech friends , they even celebrated christmas , but they would not let their daughters to even go on a school trip out of fear that they might start something with a non-chechnyan boy . 
  i really do n't know how to tackle this . 
  of course you can make people follow all the written laws , but how to make them respect the general values of the society is another thing . 
  and then it 's really hard to blame people for being very sceptical towards all muslims when cases like this happen . 
   is that something the people in eastern europe could accept ? 
  i ca n't possibly speak for all people in eastern europe , but honestly i feel like at this point the atmosphere here is quite toxic . 
  people are super sceptical about migrants from muslim countries being able to integrate in our societies , western europe in this sense seems like an example we want to avoid . 
  i 'm not going to sugar-coat this - the majority of people here just do n't want any migrants from the middle east and africa coming here and they will not be happy about any solution which would mean we would be getting them . 
  however if they knew that these people are only here for a temporary time period , they would probably reluctantly accept that . 
  that was actually a solution i was also thinking about - redistributing the refugees for the time their asylum application is handled to ease the administrative burden from greece and italy and keep the refugees in locked refugee facilities to prevent them from leaving to other eu country and also to prevent the local population from getting alarmed . 
  once their application is approved , they would get the right to move freely in europe , if it got denied the specific country would be responsible for deporting . 
  but unfortunately i do n't believe that the things will , as you say it , run smoothly . 
  i think the whole quota system proved to be a total failure so far , since the majority of the migrants want to go to germany/benelux/uk / sweden and they will always find ways to get there unless we will just lock them up pernamently , which would be unacceptable from the human rights perspective . 
  i 'm afraid that the future of the mena region will be so unstable due to many different factors that there will be millions of people heading to europe in the next few decades and i do n't believe the current approach ( just waiting till one country is overwhelmed and then start a relocation system ) is sustainable , i think even people in we will eventually turn on this and the eu will have to adopt australian-style migration policy otherwise it will just fall apart . 
   i would rather take in a few thousand refugees and be done with it , than to be alone with the problem and constantly have to fight at my borders . 
  and i 'm sure that many people in eastern europe see it the same way . 
  they just do n't trust the eu enough at the moment and do n't believe that the eu is capbable of doing that for them . 
  i think this is very true . 
  i would say most people in ee would calm down if they knew that the eu would be sending at most a few thousands of refugees , but as for now they do n't believe that the eu can do anything about limiting the numbers of the migrants and many do n't even believe that the eu is even trying to do that , they think that the `` refugees welcome '' attitude is basicaly the eu 's official policy . 
  so when the eu proposes pernament quota system people ( including me ) will find that unacceptable , because there is no upper limit at all and we ca n't possibly know how many that would be in the future . 
  we do n't know how the eu will handle the next big refugee crisis ( and looking at the demographic , climate and political prospects of the mena region , i 'm pretty sure there will be a future crisis ) . 
  if the eu handles the next crisis as badly as this one and the quota system is already in place , it could mean we would be getting tens of thousands of people .
