  there was a sizable german minority , but again , it was just a minority . 
  if they were n't happy about living in a czechoslovak state , they were free to move to countries with german majorities . 
  like to germany or austria . 
  czechs and slovaks did n't have such a country where they could go . 
  they only had the newly-found czechoslovak state . 
  and frankly , this discussion is becoming a bit uncomfortable for me , since i really do n't appreciate how you question my country 's existence in the current borders even when knowing where it led to when we were forced to accomodate the german demands and hand over sudetenland to hitler . 
  nobody was preventing them for moving to germany . 
  there already were countries for german speaking people . 
  austria and germany . 
  czech and slovak had no lands but the czechoslovak state which was always historically czech and slovak . 
  i do n't see a reason why we should have handed a part of it to germans . 
  if you look at the former sudetenland on a map , you can see that it was several different areas , not even connected to each other by landmass . 
  how was it even supposed to work as an independent country ? 
  not to mention , the sudeten germans did n't ask for their own country , they more so wanted to either stay in austria or later on join germany . 
  at the beginning , a significant part of them wanted neither , because at that time ( 1920s ) the czech part of czechoslovakia was more developed than austria and provided better living standards . 
  but then national tendecies became prominent and you know what followed . 
  because it was a bohemian territory centuries before the throne of the kingdom of bohemia went to the habsburgs . 
  it was always a historic czech land , so why should we give it up ? 
  it belonged to the bohemian kingdom before nation states became a thing , so back then it was n't that problematic that there were both czechs and germans living there . 
  when the czechoslovak state was established , it respected the historic borders of the bohemian kingdom . 
  i can understand that the german speaking people were n't that excited about ending up in the newly-found czechoslovak state , but that was no excuse for trying to break up the country and voting for a party allied to hitler . 
  there are some smaller monuments or more like information tables and these kind of stuff in different czech cities where some of the worst atrocities happened . 
  as for the decrees - that 's an untouchable topic here . 
  there is absolutely no way that the czech public would ever agree with re-opening them . 
  i said it in a different post , opinion polls show that cca third of czechs think the expulsion ( not the actrocities ) was a justified punishment given how the sudeten german acted . 
  cca 40 % of czechs do not think that it was a just punishment , but out of those people , the vast majority think it is a thing of the past and should be left that way . 
  only 9 % of people think that we should apologize for that ( given that we in fact already expressed our regrets in the 1997 declaration ) and even smaller number of people think we should offer any compensation . 
  the overwhelming response to the request for compensation would probably be - if you did n't want to lose your stuff , you should n't have voted for a party that supported hitler . 
  our government already did that in 1997 . 
  well more or less . 
  in the czech-german declaration from that year it says : `` the czech side regrets that , by the forcible expulsion and forced resettlement of sudeten germans from the former czechoslovakia after the war as well as by the expropriation and deprivation of citizenship , much suffering and injustice was inflicted upon innocent people , also in view of the fact that guilt was attributed collectively . 
  it particularly regrets the excesses which were contrary to elementary humanitarian principles as well as legal norms existing at that time , and it furthermore regrets that law no . 
  115 of 8 may 1946 made it possible to regard these excesses as not being illegal and that in consequence these acts were not punished . '', 
  i know , all countries have problems , but i guess i just hoped we would be making progress in the political culture faster . 
  i ca n't really complain that much about economy or the living standards , but when it comes to political standards , it often feels like we 're not moving at all . 
  or if we do move in some specific area , we make a step back in another area . 
  it 's demoralizing even to me and i 'm someone who tries really hard not sink in the aphathetic `` let 's just ignore all politics '' mentality because i realize that it would only make things even worse . 
  you mean like in internet discussions ? 
  because there will always be some people hating on some other people in internet discussions . 
  in real life , i do n't really notice any significant resentment towards germans . 
  perhaps because of the refugee crisis , some people are annoyed with germany because of your immigration policies , but this does n't translate into hating all germans . 
  you 're right though that quite a lot of people here view germans as arrogant because they pre-emptively assume that you look down on us . 
  not in the `` you slavic subhumans '' kind of way , but in the way that some western europeans view the post-communist countries - that we 're poor , underdeveloped , backwards and depressing countries . 
   send help pls . 
  i 'd take anschluss at this point ... 
  i 'm only half-joking about that . 
  do n't feel too bad , we also have a government crisis . 
  so at least you 're not alone in this . 
   i think some people forget that there were innocents that were given the boot along with the guilty . 
  absolutely , the collective character of the expulsion was certainly very unfair . 
  originally it was supposed to be that those germans who could prove that their were anti-nazi should have been allowed to stay . 
  people like your grandmother , who were of a mixed origin were also supposed to be given special consideration , but in reality this did n't really happen . 
  specially not in the beginning during the wild phase of the expulsion ( this is when the most of the atrocities happened ) . 
  but even after that , czech authorities were very thorough and just about anyone who did n't have bulet-proof evidence that they were against the nazis ( so not just that they were n't supporting the nazis , they had to prove that they actively worked against them ) , were kicked out . 
  i understand that his caused lots of suffering to innocent people . 
  the german people living in czechia back then often did n't really have any direct ties with the german state . 
  from todays ' perspective , they were more so austrians than germans , because they lived for generations in what was austria-hungary until 1918 . 
  they had nothing to do with prussians . 
  yet after the war , the vast majority of them were kicked out to germany , not to austria , because austria did n't want them . 
  germany did n't want them either , but they did n't really have a choice in it . 
  what can i say , it was fucked up times . 
  i was just also trying to explain it from the czech perspective . 
  the 7 years of occupation created a huge level of hatred that simply bursted in 1945 . 
  from the perspective of the politicians , it was also a self-preserving measure . 
  as i said , no one at that point could imagine that germany would turn itself into a peaceful country . 
  the sudeten germans were overwhelmingly seen as a fifth column , as a danger to the very existence of our country and so it was just logical that they wanted to get rid of the threat . 
   those people were full of praise on poland while they were complaining heavily about czechia . 
  maybe because they think the level of post-ww2 reprisals were worse in czechia than in poland in relation to what czechia and poland have been through under nazi occupation . 
  i have noticed that people from abroad ( but i do n't know whether this applies to germany as well ) are often unaware about what was happening in czechia in the 1938-45 period , some even do n't know that we were occupied because the ww2 technically started with the invasion of poland . 
  what happened before that in austria and czechia is , for some people , some sort of a blind spot . 
  also the fact that there was n't any direct war makes some people think that not much actually happened here . 
  that we were just sitting here , spared the horrors of war and did n't really suffer that much . 
  do n't get me wrong , it is true that on average , polish people had it worse than czech people during the occupation , however the suffering inflicted on the czech population was n't insignificant either . 
  basically our entire jewish and roma communities were wiped out . 
  if they caught anyone with any real or just alleged ties to the resistence , he/she was executed , often with the entire family . 
  in the city i live now , brno , they executed hundreds of people . 
  many of these executions were public and they were so popular with the local germans , that they could n't even fit in all the people who wanted to see the hangings . 
  and i 'm not even talking about the lidice and le\u017e\u00e1ky massacres . 
  my grandpa was born in 1939 and he was unlucky to live in a village just next to a factory which was turned into a war factory and so he experienced lots of allied bombing when he was just a small child . 
  he told me that as the end of war was coming , the atmosphere among the czech population was full of pure hatred that even him , as a 6yo could clearly sense it . 
  so honestly , i just do n't think that a co-existence with some 2-3 millions of germans at that point was possible . 
  even if they were n't expelled , they would be mistreated and despised and opressed which would eventually only fuel more resentment and hatred . 
  well let 's just say that sudeten germans did n't exactly make it easy to symphatize with them given their behaviour in the pre-1938 period and during the occupation . 
  imo that does n't justify the atrocities that happened to them after the war , however the expulsion itself was more of a pragmatic measure . 
  it caused significant damage to the affected areas , however given how fast germany went from ww1 to ww2 , there was just no way to know if having a big german minority wo n't be an existential risk to us again in the future . 
  we could n't have known that germany would develop the way it developed . 
  also the hatred towards germans among the czech population in 1945 was so deep that reaching any sort of reconciliation would be extremely difficult . 
  to be honest i ca n't imagine how we would manage to function in one state together . 
  actually if you look at opinion polls , cca third of czechs think that the expulsion was a justified punishment given the circumstances . 
  cca quarter thinks that it was unjust , but it is a thing of the past and we should leave it like that . 
  only 9 % think that we should be apologizing for it . 
  no , i have n't even finished my college yet and in general i do n't think it 's a good idea to try entering high levels of politics with such limited life experiences . 
  as for lower-level politics - i 'm not really that tied to any specific city or region in the czech republic , so that also would n't be a good idea . 
  but otherwise i 'm trying to be as civically active as possible . 
  the trick is to surround yourself with active and optimistic people so that you wo n't sink in the `` eh , everything is shit , all politicians are equally bad , what 's the purpose of caring about anything '' mentality . 
  also complaining about how other people are stupid/apathetic is also not gon na get us anywhere . 
  if you know people in your social circle , who just do n't give a single crap about politics , try to get them a bit more engaged . 
  we 're the citizens of this country , we 're responsible for turning it into a better place . 
  well what i can say to that , we 're trying to work on that here . 
  it 's not going as well as we would like to .
