  oh man , when these heretical talks come from a swede , at least i can shake my head , thinking `` a foolish scandinavian does n't know what he 's talking about '' , but a belgian ? 
  i thought we , the bavarians , austrians and you were binded together in a common appreciation of all of our beers that are * equally * good . 
  but i guess not : / fine , you are banned from the czech republic as well !, 
  stay in belgium and drink your expensive beer , we 'll sit here with our affordable beer and guess who will be topping the consumption rates again . 
  wtf have you just said shitty lager ? 
  shitty lager ?!?!?!, 
  i 'm sorry , we can not have a conversation anymore . 
  you broke the rule n. 1 of the czech conduct , i.e. 
  never offend the beer . 
  now you 're persona non grata in the czech republic . 
  no offense , but i find it hilarious that under a comment about the entire we being smug you respond saying that easterners have nothing to be smug about - i mean that is such a smug thing to say :d, 
  please do n't hate me people from the uk , but i sometimes have a feeling that some ( not all of course ) brits are suffering from a superiority complex combined with an island mentality and as result you think you 're better than all those pesky continental europeans ( specially those from the eastern part of the continent ) . 
  but i know that this is a generalization and not everyone in the uk has this attitude . 
  well of course we 're shaped by our historical experiences , i mean what nation is n't ? 
  for example look at germany and you can see how their nazi experience to large extent shapes their foreign policy until today . 
  humans are social animals , we 're heavily influenced by the society that we grow up in . 
  and we pass these mindsets onto the next generations , both through the direct family influences and also through the education systems . 
  taking germany as example you can very easily see that the nazi guilt is not as prevalent in the east germany as it is in the west germany . 
  looking at my nation , we definitely do have a victim mentality and a distrust towards outside authorities in us as a result of our history . 
  20th century basically taught as that you can not trust anyone - france and the uk betrayed us in 1938 in munich , then after the war ended we did n't trust them anymore and instead looked to the soviet union that could maybe help us if germany ever tried something again , only to have the su perform a coup in the country , installing an opressive regime and directly invading in 1968 . 
  the fact that people under the communist regime were not allowed to participate in the political development of the country caused that many people simply resigned on anything political-related . 
  they switched their focus on something else , mostly on the family , they closed themselves in , escaping the cities to the cottages every weekend , completely ignoring all the injustice that was happening , because that was how you could survive - just do n't drag attention to yourself , do n't let any of your opinions go public , just go with the flow , otherwise you may end up in a trouble . 
  nowadays many people are still stuck with this mindset . 
  also we continue to be a relatively closed society . 
  even when you compare our attitudes with those from the other v4 countries , we tend to be the most anti-immigration . 
  although this anti-immigration stance is not really that visible , because most of the people here live under the unofficial motto `` live and let live '' . 
  that means that they may declare themselves anti-immigration , but they will do absolutely nothing about it in the realife as long as they 're not personally affected . 
  our attitude towards the eu also tends to be more critical when compared with other countries . 
  there are for sure more than one reason for it , but part of it surely is that to many people in cz , the eu is something foreign that wants to impose something on us . 
  the vast majority of people of course know that we 're part of the eu , but from their emotional point of view , they still see us as two separate entities . 
  to them , there 's cz and then there 's some weird bureaucratic centre in the brussels that has really nothing in common with us . 
  i 'm generalizing of course , not everyone in cz has this attitude , it is pretty widespread though . 
  the complete lack of interest in european politics was very well demonstrated during the last europarliament elections , when only 19,5 % of czechs went to vote . 
  well yeah , of course , czech politics in general is not exactly the most cleanest . 
  that was never the case though , not now and not in the 90s . 
  but i guess in the 90s , there was still quite a lot of enthusiasm left in the society from 89 's revolution , nowadays that 's simply gone . 
   i believe you will get there !, 
  the thing is that we already were there . 
  the turn-out in 1996 was 77 % . 
  then it dropped to 58 % in 2002 , it went just above 60 % for the next two elections and then it fell again bellow 60 % in 2013 . 
  the point is that the turn out is actually decreasing , not increasing ( comparing to the 90s ) . 
  i guess people are just tired of politics . 
  pretty low . 
  the last parliamentary elections were at 59,48 % . 
  presidential elections were at 59,11 % . 
  the last regional elections were at 34,57 % . 
  and that 's all nothing compared to the european parliamentary elections , which were at 19,5 % . 
  pretty sad if you ask me . 
  people in cz mostly feel zero connection to the european politics . 
  to be honest , i really do n't get your attitude . 
  you 're not responsible for what other polish people do . 
  and i do n't even get why you have such a negative attitude towards poland in the first place . 
  look at the rest of the world , you could have been born in a much worse place . 
  poland is not such a bad country at all . 
  you 've done some great things in the past , you survived as a nation even in the most horrible circumstances , you bravely fought against both germany and russia , even when it was clear that you were gon na lose . 
  after 89 your economy has been steadily recovering . 
  is everything perfect ? 
  of course not . 
  but there 's definitely plenty of things that you can be proud of . 
  honestly the reason why many cee countries are not doing as well as they could is that their young people are giving up on them . 
  it 's not like i blame you , it 's your life and you can do whatever you want with it . 
  it 's not anyone 's duty to try and help improve one 's country . 
  but then if you decide to leave , you are kinda losing the right to complain from germany how shit poland is . 
  if anyone was aggresively campaining for the nato enlargement , it was cee politicians who knew that it was a `` now or never '' moment for us . 
  the us were at first not in favour of it , the decision came with the clinton administrative in 93 . 
  and we ( meaning cee ) lobbied really hard for it , we were using influential people from our diaspora in the us , for example clinton 's state secretary madeleine albright had czech roots , so that helped us a lot . 
  the point is , we were persuading the us , not the other way around . 
  they did not have to persuade us at all , since joining nato was one of our main foreign policy goals in the post-89 period . 
  so yeah , i was right about the subtitles . 
  the episodes are all available on youtube , but only in czech : / it 's not really surprising , because czech history is simply not a topic that general english-speaking audience would be interested in . 
  the czech public tv has recently made a series called the czech century with each episode covering one important event of the czech history in the 20th century . 
  but it goes pretty in-depth though and i do n't know whether any non-czech people would find it that interesting . 
  plus i 'm not sure whether english subtitles are available . 
  i can check later this evening . 
  czech branch of hbo made an excellent drama called [ the burnish bush ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2280344/ ) . 
  it 's a mini-series ( just 3 episodes ) that mixes political drama with personal tragedies . 
  it follows the events after the soviet invasion of czechoslovakia in 1968 , when a young student burned himself to death at the wenceslas square to protest the occupation . 
  the show follows a young female lawyer after she decided to represent the student parents who sued a communist mp for lying about the student to the press , dragging his name through the mud . 
  eventually she finds herself battling against the regime which gets increasingly tightened after the soviet intervention . 
  [ international trailer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlvshonsy7g ) . 
  granted , it 's not exactly a political drama in a way that it does n't follow the policy makers , but it does great job illustrating what the communist regime was like in czechoslovakia after 1968 and what was the life like for people who tried to stand against it . 
  my first trip outside of europe was on holiday with my parents to tunisia when i was 13 . 
  i was shocked by how differently i was treated by people there . 
  back at home , i was this awkward teenager with barely any woman 's features yet , i was n't very attractive at 13 , boys more or less ignored me . 
  in tunisia my very pale skin and fair hair got a lot of attention . 
  grown men of all ages smiled at me and tried to approach me , to the extent that my parents would not let me go anywhere without my dad 's or older brother 's escort . 
  even in the freaking hotel whenever i was left alone for a minute at the dinner table i caught the hotel staff staring at me . 
  to be honest , i felt creeped out and very uncomfortable . 
  i 'm a 1.77 m ( 5 ' 10 '' ) female . 
  i 'm also slim , not as skinny as a typical runway model , but still pretty lean . 
  i 'm in general quite satisfied with my body , but often i wish i was a bit shorter , because it just limits my dating possibilities . 
  and i do n't even mind men who are slightly shorter or the same height as me , but i never get approached by them ( unless it 's some weird drunk who tries hitting on every single girl in a bar ) . 
  all my ex-boyfriends were +1.85 m tall and every time a guy approaches me , he also tends to be taller than me . 
  it 's like short guys are afraid of me or something . 
  they are usually sort of separated though . 
  the 1st-5th graders are mostly at the first floor , while the 5th-9th graders are at the second floor ( or at different blocs of the building ) . 
  we have : mandatory last year of kindergarten ( age 5 ) mandatory elementary school - 9 years ( age 6-15 ) * however after 5 years , you can transfer to `` gymn\u00e1zium '' ( if you can pass the admission exams ) . 
  the next 4 years you 're still doing your mandatory education and the requirements are not that different from those of the regular elementary schools , however you 're studying among kids who are smarter and more motivated than on average , which usually allows the teacher to go more in depth , so you in general receive better education * if you do n't want to go to `` gymn\u00e1zium '' ( or you fail at the admission exams ) you can just finish your mandatory education at the elementary school secondary school - 4 years ( aged 15-19 ) * secondary school is not mandatory , however the vast majority of kids do decide to go to some type of secondary school * there are basically two types - one with a final exam called `` maturita '' which you need to be able to go to university and one without this kind of exam * secondary schools with the maturita exam are further split to `` gymn\u00e1zium '' , which is already attended by kids who transfered there after the 5th grade of the elemantary school , but more kids can join it after finishing elementary schools when they 're 15 , the difference is that these kids only attend `` gymn\u00e1zium '' for 4 years , whereas the kids who made the transfer earlier do so for 8 years . 
  * the other types of secondary schools with the maturita exam are various schools which specialize in specific fields ( like economic schools , pedagogic schools , arts schools etc. ), 
  * secondary schools without the maturita exams usually focus on specific crafts and professions ( cooks , hairdressers etc. ),
