  no , it would mean anyone could go shoot up a school with lucky charms . 
  my mistake , apologies . 
  exactly . 
  besides , lunging for that button might make us spill our tea . 
  i worry about my american friends . 
  as for interpretation , i 've always thought it was referring to the right of the people to join a regulated military group , rather than to allow anyone and everyone to get a gun . 
  i used to think that it did n't concern me , but now i have friends in your country and fear for their safety . 
  guns should never be on the streets , in nightclubs , or in schools and the amendment that makes that possible should definitely be repealed . 
  because you 're essentially losing as many people as you did in the vietnam war every two years by shooting your children while they 're trying to learn , or your lgbt community while they 're trying to dance . 
  i 'm glad you 're doing your own research too . 
  it worries me how many people are making their decisions based on the ( rarely factual ) campaigns and it 's good to be informed . 
  though i would like to point out a couple of things i came across though that suggest what you found is n't so much of an issue , if that 's okay . 
  firstly , the eu making laws for the uk . 
  the comission is often called undemocratic but if you follow that criteria , the uk comes up as even more undemocratic . 
  in reality , the comisson is selected pretty democratically , and there are a large amount of checks on its power . 
  yes , there are meps ( which are actually elected through a more democratic system than mps in the uk ) , but national parliaments also have systems to block eu legislation called yellow cards , orange cards , and ( now ) red cards , deepening on how many national parliaments oppose it . 
  each country also has a veto if something is n't in their national interest . 
  all in all , britain tends to get its way . 
  british ministers have only been outvoted on 2 % of bills in europe , so that 's not really something to worry about . 
  the uk is also one of the more powerful stated in the eu , and we control just under a tenth of all the seats in the european parliament . 
  all in all , you certainly should n't worry about the uk being forced to accept laws we do n't want . 
  furthermore , the uk absolutely still has law at a national level , which is much more present than eu law . 
  if britian wants to do something , it does n't matter what the continent thinks unless it goes against an eu law that 's already passed . 
  secondly , there 's the idea that the eu stops us trading with other countries . 
  in reality , almost every country in the world now is in a trade bloc ( see [ this image ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/trade_bloc#/media/file%3atrade_blocs.png ) ) . 
  but for us , the eu is an even better deal than other trade blocs are for most countries . 
  it ensures the majority of our trade is tariff-free , as well as securing funding for science projects and the like , and bringing great opportunities for travel and living/studying abroad . 
  it also gives us a role of great geopolitical importance ( if you 're into all that ) as we 're the main link to the usa in the world 's largest economy . 
  i can understand your concerns , really . 
  but when you look at the wider picture , in my opinion , it seems crazy to want to give up a system that works so well for us . 
  i 'd rather not watch the whole speech , but could you just outline or bullet point the main reasons you 've decided to vote leave . 
  neither campaign has put out that much accurate information and recently i had some friends planning on voting out based on incorrect information ( they were worried about bailouts but that 's something the uk does n't pay anymore ) . 
  i 'd just like to check that the reasons that convinced you are legitimate , it 's pretty important in this referendum . 
  i 'm generally opposed to dictatorships on an ideological level and the torture and imprisonent of journalists ( which happens in cuba too ) does n't help , to say the least . 
  nevertheless , if i had to live in any dictatorship , i 'd choose cuba . 
  the country has done remarkably well at developing despite the harsh trade embargo that basically everywhere has against it . 
  the response to the famine after the ussr collapsed was impressive . 
  the castro government does seem very capable think most of the problems cuba faces come from the embargo , rather than the dictatorship . 
  my old politics teacher had some friends from back when she worked in government that had met fidel castro and found him amicable . 
  nevertheless , to me a dictator is a dictator . 
  i 'll take democracy any day . 
  hopefully we 'll beat russia and stay in long enough to get knocked out by the germans and not some other team . 
  then hopefully germany will win . 
  more or less . 
  but the counties of the uk are n't provinces . 
  a better comparism is the constituent counties of the uk are like the constituent counties of the kingdom of the netherlands , rather than the provinces . 
  it used to be classed as a province . 
  but it 's a country now . 
  the kippers lost half their seats in the general election ( and they only had two before then ) . 
  i think its hardly fair to say they 're that much of a presence . 
  a loud one , but not a popular one . 
  you really did n't check your facts before you drew that arrow did you ? 
  wales : let 's beat the english england : we do n't care about you , let 's beat the germans !, 
  germany : we do n't care about you , let 's beat the dutch !, 
  netherlands : uh , yeah guys we did n't make it this year . 
  scotland : hey do n't worry guys , we know how you feel . 
  as a brit , having to buy health insurance is absolutely ludicrous . 
  ive never had to pay a thing unless im getting a prescription . 
  your answers are a lot better than what i was looking for . 
  i was only making a reference to each year we got a new * doctor who *, 
  why would germany be enthusiastic about beating a team that are n't as good as they are ? 
  of course beating england is n't a big deal to germany . 
  but germany are a much better team than us so of course we make a big deal of it every time we beat you . 
  of course we know it 's a one sided rivalry . 
  as scotland know their rivalry with us is something only they care about . 
  that does n't make it any less valid for scotland to look forward to beating us , and it does n't made it `` kinda sad '' for us to take pleasure in beating you . 
  lighten up . 
  for the uk : 1963\u00a01966\u00a01969 / 70\u00a01974\u00a01981\u00a01984 1987\u00a01996\u00a02005\u00a02010 2014, 
  no that would have been ... um ... about 50 ( or was it 60 ? ), 
  years before that royal thing people talked about a few years ago that was n't the wedding ... 
  wait , was n't elizabeth the queen who defeated the spanish armada ? 
  anyway , who cares we won the cup !, 
  haha , 4-2 !, 
  how does it feel germany !, 
  edit : / s, 
  much more friendly than us in britain , and totally misrepresented by stereotypes . 
  your humour relies more upon clever lines and wit than a lot of british humour ( which is often a bit slapstick or silly ) . 
  in my experience , / r/askanamerican is one of the friendliest subreddits on this website ( usually much more so than this one ) . 
  on the other hand , you generally seem less cynical and often more complacent with ( sometimes verging on ethusiastic about ) the system . 
  your idea of freedom seems to revolve more around the freedom of corporations from the government , rather than the freedom of the government from corporations which is odd ( in my view ) because you elect the government and they work for you , while corporations are unelected and work for themselves . 
  the world view of the average american is possible quite generalising but not as much as stereotypes make it out to be . 
  i sometime worry about my american friends because of the no healthcare and the guns , but you seem like a pretty great people in general . 
  i think right-wing america is a little scary but the liberal majority seem pretty great . 
  ah sorry i did n't realise . 
  that 's a pretty interesting list . 
  most of those , now i think of it , seem to fit with what i know of america but a couple stick out . 
  i 'm surprised by the racism one . 
  yes , america has had a largely racist history but so has my country and the majority of american society now seems to be greatly ethnically diverse , with racist bigotry as an ( albeit vocal ) minority . 
  also the religious one . 
  surely being expected to be religious is not compatable with freedom . 
  furthermore , the us is a secular state that deliberately does not mention god in its constitution . 
  i would n't expect religiousness to be a praised value . 
  i think it 's the capitalism thing . 
  i often get the impression off american friends that to be successful over there often means to get a high paying job and be rich . 
  although to be honest , that 's similar to how the middle class often seem to value themselves in my country . 
  like a small plot of land ( maybe 5x10 meters or so on average ) you grow vegetables on . 
  there 'll be a large group of them together in your town or village somewhere ( there are two lots in my village ) and people can rent one out if they want to grow their own veg and do n't want to use their own garden . 
  in my experience , they 're pretty popular along the retired but other people have them too . 
  that 's a fair point . 
  there are always disagreements within the parties and i think its right true that there was one in the conservatives over europe , but i do n't think that would have been enough to convince cameron to call a referendum unless the disagreements were getting public and nasty .
