there are eighteen birminghams and one is on the moon . 
  birmingham is the uk 's second city , it 's also a crater on the moon , a city in alabama that was the scene of much of the american civil rights movement , and a town in kentucky that has subsequently found itself at the bottom of a lake . 
  these are fantastic . 
  my grandma sometimes comes out with * `` if your blood is not healthy , then your health must be bloody . 
  so here 's to your bloody good health !, 
  it 's a nice-ish village in the cotswolds that most brits will probably not have heard of but it 's always full of three or four tour buses of japanese tourists . 
  there 's an apparently [ iconic shot ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6f/arlington_row_bibury.jpg ) of a row of houses which seems to be very popular ( it 's on the inside cover of each british passport ) . 
  i mean its nice but not [ vandalise-someone 's - car-because-it-ruined-your-photo ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-gloucestershire-38867290 ) nice . 
  only fractionally though, 
  r. e. f. o. r. m. is he happy now ? 
  i kinda hope that the uk does n't get free trade , at least not without free movement . 
  while not having free trade might have negative consequences for my country 's economy , i feel that the consequences of damaging the economy of one ( already pretty rich ) country are much less significant than making the eu look weak in negotiations . 
  it 's absolutely barmy . 
  we have private schools ( also known as public schools ) , grammar schools , comprehensive schools , faith schools , free schools , and some first , middle , and high schools . 
  some of these types of schools are also an academy ( of various types ) and the rest ( aside from private/public schools ) are maintained schools ... 
  i think . 
  let 's not even think about the curriculum ( which does not have to be followed in all the types of schools listed above ) , and just accept that the system alone makes no sense . 
  i ca n't really think of any reason for them not all to be turned into comprehensives to be honest . 
  we 've got a big problem with class division in this country , and also a problem with children from rich parents being able to get a much better education than those of us who are poor . 
  making all these schools comprehensives ( open to anyone in the catchment area ) would more-or-less solve both of these , but oh well , that 's the uk for you . 
  the centre-right in europe are more left than the centre-right in the us , but our far-right are more insane and more powerful than the american far-right, 
   winston churchill ( 1940-45 ; 1951-55 ) - wartime leader , inspirational figure , more or less enough said . 
  he took over from a weak government and formed a national coalition to lead the uk through the war . 
  his second term was less of a success and so it gets talked about less . 
  he 's a fairly controversial figure too . 
  gets seen as racist and genocidal himself , just lucky that he was on our side and we were able to use him and his strategic mind against the nazis and that we ousted him from office before he could attack the ussr or anything . 
  i 'm really glad someone said this in this sub . 
  thank you . 
  why even are they being downvoted ? 
  do people think the comment about the insanity of white-on-white racism implies white-on-black racism is okay ? 
  that 's the only interpretation of the post that reveals anything worth downvoting , as far as i can see, 
  well you know the former is n't actually in the english dictionary ... 
  that must be the wurst, 
  it 's a skatepark , and also a kind of reserve for street art . 
  the southbank is filled with cultural places like the national theatre and festival hall . 
  this is another cultural place , albeit not formally run and for street culture rather than posh culture . 
  not sure if it counts as an underpass ( and beauty is subjective ) , but the southbank undercroft is pretty amazing . 
  it 's right in the heart of london ( just under queen elizabeth hall on the southbank ) , and is a sort-of skatepark covered in unrestricted graffiti . 
  it 's pretty iconic . 
  wow , i guess i always assumed otherwise . 
  thanks , til, 
  our pm caused quite a controversy a while ago when he refered to the uk as a christian country . 
  which by law it technically is but it seemed such a weird and exclusionary thing to say . 
  remember our continent has the vatican city, 
  i think joining the single currency was more optional back them . 
  now , new members are obligated to join the euro ( i think ) . 
  judging by the events of this morning , corbyn may not be leader much longer . 
  i would n't be [ so sure ] ( https://petition.parliament.uk/petitions/131215 ), 
  i mentioned to a leave-campaigner that , under their logic , the uk was more undemocratic than the eu . 
  she said that she was aware , but was going to continue saying it anyway as people were believing it . 
  about 50/50, 
  what the hell ? 
  of course the eu is about helping the poor . 
  but you 're hardly helping them if you claim you want the second largest economy in europe to be blocked from re-entering and contributing again . 
  besides , what are the values the eu was founded on ? 
  because i 'm pretty sure that democracy and unity were up there pretty damn high . 
  i do n't see how throwing a hissy fit and vetoing british re-entry would be living up to them . 
  leaving the eu was a terrible idea , do n't get me wrong i 'm very much pro-remain . 
  but getting vetoed on re-entry would just be utterly ridiculous . 
  and also , i do n't think a country would have the right to do that . 
  the veto is on new members , we 'd be a returning member . 
  if we vote to come back in the future ( as i hope we will ) , we 'll be right back in on the same terms as before . 
  dutch redditors , your language is n't * that * hard , right ? 
  was delivering leaflets yesterday and am going to be again today . 
  fair enough . 
  but it is a pretty inaccurate and likely to annoy brits . 
  if i can make a comarison to the states . 
  it would be like refusing to call it america because it does n't cover the whole of america . 
  fair point , but do n't then call it the district of columbia just because that 's where the decisions are made , just call it the us so people know what you 're on about . 
  at least , that 's my suggestion . 
   from what i 've seen , it seems as though it would benefit only the uk and hurt the rest of the eu . 
  we 'd be left isolated outside of our trade bloc ( with which we have over half our trade ) . 
  we 'd lose our main source of migrants . 
  we 'd lose scientific and development funding ... we 're one of the two most powerful countries in the eu ( * cheekily sticks tounge out at the french * ) and i ca n't see way leaving everything we have would benefit us at all . 
   my impression from people in the uk that i 've heard is that the eu is a corupt beuracracy . 
  well some people certainly think so , but i do n't think that 's the majority opinion ( although we 'll find out on friday ) . 
  actually , because we send meps to brussels on a proportional basics , but mps to the commons with fptp ; and given all the checks on the commisson 's power : the eu is much more democratic than the uk  i 've also heard mention of some kind of clause or document in the eu that states at some point countries will not be allowed to vote to leave the eu . 
  no such clause exists . 
  you were probably informed by someone who 's only listened to one of the campaigns . 
  vote leave have straight up lied about many things ( turkey joining , euro bailouts , fishing , etc ) and so ** definitely ** check any facts you hear from them . 
  stronger in are n't much better . 
  they stick to the facts a bit more , but honestly nobody knows what would happen if we left . 
  so why ca n't you just say uk ? 
  by the way , do you also disagree with the term america so refer to the usa as `` the district of colombia '' ? 
  edit : and actually , why do you oppose the use of the name britain ? 
  it seems to me a very bizzare qualm with no sensible justification i can think of . 
  i think you 're in the wrong sub if you were looking to avoid us , guv . 
  but you were n't looking to avoid us were you . 
  you really wanted to come over here , respond to considered arguments with nothing but flamebaiting , and then post our responses over on that xenophobic sub / r/shiteuropeanssay . 
  well i 'm done with you , you 're a downvote troll with a sense of entitlement . 
  you are [ statistically in the wrong ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_firearm-related_death_rate ) . 
  and also morally . 
  you want more primary school children to be shot ? 
  you think the lgbt community do n't deserve to walk the streets of orlando in safety ? 
  you think the 30,000 americans that are killed by guns each year deserve it ? 
  and why ? 
  for the sanctity of an old piece of paper written by some posh old buggers back when times completely different to today ? 
  you need to check your priorities mister . 
  then your police force should do their job and stop them getting them . 
  in my country guns are banned , and criminals do not get them .
