  the particular religion involved is totally irrelevant . 
  i 'll be generous and assume you 're not trolling but would be grateful if you would explain your thinking ( especially with regards to ( b ) ) . 
   suddenly our gdp would be larger than that of the uk , how sweet would that be ? 
  [ one of the reasons ] ( http://www.scotland.gov.uk/resource/0039/00390896.pdf ) we will ( hopefully ) be voting to go in the opposite direction to that suggested by the op . 
  [ just not true ] ( http://www.newsnetscotland.com/index.php/scottish-news/6388-eexclusive-scotsman-eu-membership-story-qincorrectq-says-ec ) . 
  and a [ statement ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/avservices/player/streaming.cfm?type=ebsvod&amp;sid=217694 ) to back that up . 
  just another unionist scare story that is a stranger to the truth . 
  wtf ? 
  it changes with time . 
  when i worked for bpx and was going for an overseas job unfortunately it was no longer `` british petroleum '' , rather , to my surprise , it had become `` bp - an international oil company '' as it was about to get its listing on the ny stock exchange . 
  all the overseas jobs , in that round , went to people from outwith its headquarter ( a first ) and i missed out on three years in jakarta . 
  fast forward to last years independence referendum and it had definitely become british petroleum once more . 
  seven gm crops have been banned of which only one is currently authorised by the eu for use - maize . 
  maize is not particularly suitable for cultivation in scotland and where it is cultivated in the uk this is mainly as a bio-fuel ( heavily subsidised too iirc ) or forage and can have a detrimental effect on the soil due to the way maize has to be grown . 
  of the other crops awaiting eu authorisation one is a blight resistant strain of potato . 
  scotland already produces non-gm blight resistant potatoes and is an important seed potato exporter . 
  scotland also exports other high quality non-gm meat products . 
  to risk scotland 's status as a producer of high quality non-gm crops and livestock to grow some forage or a bio-fuel would be insane . 
  no research is being banned or curtailed . 
  something to do with this - schotten preise . 
   `` schotten preise '' may derive from the 15th century when many scots lived in german-populated areas of the baltic and are believed to have offered goods at competitive prices . 
  and this  last year a scottish cultural society in hungary complained about burger king launching a `` scottish menu '' , arguing it portrayed scots in a poor light . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/6479980/racism-claim-over-mean-scots-used-in-german-adverts.html ) cheeky cnuts . 
   `` schotten preise '' may derive from the 15th century when many scots lived in german-populated areas of the baltic and are believed to have offered goods at competitive prices . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/6479980/racism-claim-over-mean-scots-used-in-german-adverts.html ) edit : i know hungary is n't in the baltic but trade with the baltic would have brought scottish and hanseatic trader together and the cultural effect would have spread to other parts of the holy roman empire . 
  read the link - it has a part about hungary too . 
  cheeky so and so 's . 
  they are quite happy to allow their volcanoes to invade our air space though ... the bastards . 
  and the other half ca n't count . 
  while it might be assumed that intelligence services of country a might be interested in the activities of politicians in countries b , c , d , etc , one would have hoped that the politicians in country a might feel safe from their prying . 
  indeed , the wilson doctrine gave mp 's that protection . 
  the wilson doctrine , however , only applied to westminster . 
  this means that conversations between an english constituent and his/her mp about health matters would not be subject to state surveillance , whereas people in wales , northern ireland and scotland , where health is a devolved matter , would not have the same protection . 
  mp 's at westminster seemed to have no problem with this however . 
  clearly in a liberal , law abiding , western democracy you can not have a situation where one group of the population is given preferential treatment over another . 
  so how will theresa solve this little dilema . 
  rather than extend the wilson doctrine 's scope she appears to have come up with the brave and unique solution of removing the wilson doctrine protection from everyone . 
  the mp 's seem to be really quite annoyed . 
  iirc it was all the fault of someone called charles or otto who was either fat or bald . 
  i believe it will simply be called the former uk . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ta6xxyepcds ) is lbc 's james o'brien 's take on the subject . 
  one less person for boris johnson to apologise to . 
  the mull of kintyre - thought to be a [ testing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mull_of_kintyre_test ) place . 
  although apparently not . 
  and this would not matter . 
  what nicola sturgeon has to achieve here is that it has to be made 110 % clear to the scottish electorate that there is no other way to enjoy the benefits of the eu without voting for independence . 
  it has to be clear that the position taken by others - conservative politicians in london , spain , france , eu president , etc - has forced her to call another referendum as all other avenues have been exhausted . 
  however , i do think realpolitik will take over . 
  spain , in the long run , will not oppose scottish membership - we found that out during the last referendum . 
  so i 'm pretty sure if the people who actually run the eu ( not rajoy ) feel that talking to scotland would be helpful in sorting out this mess , rajoy would be sat down for a short eli5 session . 
  i understand what you are saying , however , as i pointed out above , spain has already stated they would accept scottish membership if it goes through a internally agreed process . 
  we went through all of this in 2014 . 
  given that spain has accepted that scotland can be a member , what can they gain by pissing off the other members of the eu by throwing a spanner in the works while they are trying to sort out this mess made in westminster . 
  opening positions are being laid out here . 
  i do n't expect that these will be the final positions . 
  also , remember that the spanish fishermen really like fishing in scottish waters . 
  i do not think there is any comparison between the situations of kosovo and scotland . 
  kosovo was ripped from serbia by nato bombs . 
  scotland , if and when it becomes independent will be by an internally agreed process . 
  spain has said it would not oppose membership of scotland if it passed through such a process to obtain its independence . 
  however that was not what i was referring too . 
  rather , it was a member state voting in a referendum to remove itself from the eu that is sui generis . 
  especially when that member state is also a union and continued eu membership was a main part of the better together campaign to keep scotland in the uk in the 2014 independence referendum . 
  the main concern of the eu at present appears to be uncertainty . 
  by beginning early talks with scotland it would be able to remove a small part of that uncertainty . 
  of course the main opposition to this would be from the uk itself . 
  either way the independence movement wins . 
  if the eu makes it clear that it will in no way discuss scotland 's membership while it is part of the uk and that the uk will have no access to the single market without free movement , it will be clear that the only way forward for scotland is independence . 
  if the eu is willing to talk but this is blocked by the uk government , determined to impose its self inflicted wound on scotland too , then this too will only reinforce the independence movement . 
  given the sui generis nature of the situation we find ourselves in there would appear to be a simple solution to this problem , if the eu wants to talk to scotland that is ; simply pass a measure to give scotland the competence . 
  quite frankly i would be hard pushed to say just what sturgeons plans are . 
  i am not going to take the unmoderated word of the print press and online media which are steadfastly against scottish independence and can not be relied upon to give a true and fair reflection of sturgeon 's position . 
  broadcast media is little better . 
  the only outlet for scottish politics are stv 's nightly program at 11pm and the bbc 's sunday morning offering ( the bbc having scrapped their nightly scottish current affairs program ) . 
  so i would question whether people actually have an understanding of her position . 
  what they can easily form an opinion on , though , is whether this uk-wide referendum should result in scotland having to be dragged out of europe against its will . 
  this is what the survey also found - and what has been omitted from every report of the survey i have read ;  scotland is almost evenly divided on whether , given the uk-wide vote to remain , it should be expected to leave the eu or not . 
    47 % believe scotland should be expected to leave given the uk vote . 
    51 % believe scotland should not be expected to leave given the uk vote . 
    [ link ] ( http://natcen.ac.uk/media/1361413/40kt-55a-brx1t-r%c2%a3p0rt_v5.pdf ) - page 3 . 
  this is the crux of the matter - and the majority support sturgeon 's position . 
  she has n't finished kicking a hole in our lifeboat yet . 
  i was only following the rules . 
  in this case rule # 3  editorialised titles : use the original title of the article , or add text from the byline or the first paragraph where necessary ( for clarity ) . 
  refrain from including your opinion within the title or arbitrarily emphasizing selective segments . 
  [ this ] ( https://streamable.com/0a1tg ) also happened at question time . 
  edit : for context : it is claimed , by some , that scotland is too wee , too poor and too stupid to be an independent country . 
  queue scottish national party mp callum mccaig . 
  [ corsica ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corsican_nationalism ) mainly though there are others , including the basques . 
  just that they assaulted lots of women . 
  was probably more like torture to them than sex ( that 's the thing you have after consent is given ) . 
  i think that it probably did matter to the women that were involved . 
  quite a lot actually . 
  also , when you force a part of your body into an others without their consent , i would no longer term it sex . 
  assault would be a better word . 
  or that they were very rapey . 
  not sure where it was filmed , as imdb has no location details , but it was a co-production between rtv ljubljana and german tv ( s\u00fcdwestfunk ) so it was probably filmed somewhere in slovenia . 
  yes , it is old . 
  i am older . 
  [ white horses ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ir6z8guywyc ) .
