  but you do n't . 
  you have zero reason to assume that it would have an impact . 
  the only reason you do assume that is because you want to deny homosexuals the right to marriage . 
   a lot of people come to a similar conclusion regarding gay marriages . 
  gay couples are inherently unable to procreate , why would they have a right to the institution of marriage ? 
  why would they not have the right to it ? 
  you make it seem like marriage is about nothing but procreation but it is not . 
  the only thing that speaks for this is the fact that it is frowned upon by old people to have children before marriage . 
  this is outdated thinking . 
  i do agree that marriage _ might _ expresses a certain stability which _ may _ be beneficial for a theoretical child , but that applies to adopted children as well . 
  but i also believe that as long as the parents have a good and stable relationship with each other , it does n't matter to the child if they are married or not . 
  marriage is n't a necessity for children . 
  they are n't born wondering if their parents are married or not . 
  small children do n't even understand the concept of marriage . 
  all they see is if their parents are happy together or not . 
  that and that alone has an impact on the child , not a piece of paper that says you are married . 
   considering the fact no one has contested my claims of marriage and procreation being strongly interwined , i 'll go ahead and presume we agree on it . 
  there are tons of hetero couples that want to get married but decide to never have children . 
  why do they have the right to get married ? 
  because , in theory , they could procreate ? 
  i can make the same argument about murder . 
  i could , in theory , grab a knife and kill the next person i come across . 
  yet i am not in prison . 
  why ? 
  because i did not murder anyone . 
  if you want to tie marriage and procreation so closely together you need to make it law . 
  if you want children , you have to marry and if you want to marry , you must have children . 
  as long as this does n't apply , everyone should have the right to marriage . 
   gay couples are inherently unable to procreate , why would they have a right to the institution of marriage ? 
  i quoted this before but i want to adress this specific argument . 
  sex in general is meant as our way to procreate . 
  the only reason we are able to have sex is to create more of us . 
  it feels good because that makes us want to do it more often . 
  more sex = more children . 
  by your logic , if you do n't plan on getting children , you should n't have the right to have sex . 
  having sex while using a condom or any other contraceptive makes procreation very unlikely so why do i have the right to use them ? 
  the same could be said about anything really . 
  i wo n't quote the whole paragraph about yellowstone , but it states that `` perhaps '' the case would be sent to idaho . 
  i think `` perhaps '' is very important here . 
  but still , it shows a loophole that should be fixed . 
  however , this does n't apply for adoption procedures in germany ( i know you are talking about gay marriage in general but i do n't and i wo n't , because i do n't know the laws and procedures of every country ) . 
  the law does n't decide if you get the child or not . 
  the law gives you the right to apply for adoption . 
  the `` jugendamt '' ( child protective services ) then decides whether or not you are actually getting a child based on your situation and ability to provide for the child . 
  an adoption only takes place if it is ** highly beneficial ** for the child . 
  edit : explained why i made germany my example again in the last paragraph, 
   neither will gay people start making babies ? 
  then what 's the point ? 
  well , it goes both ways . 
  and i never claimed they will . 
  you on the other hand claimed that same sex marriage will hinder the growth of mankind . 
  it does n't . 
  it does not effect the rate of birth at all . 
  straight people do n't lose anything by granting gay people the right to get married . 
  gay people on the other hand obviously gain the right to get married . 
  plus the right to adopt children which means less children have to grow up in foster care . 
  i do n't see how this is a bad thing ? 
  if you do n't lose anything but they actually gain something from it , why not just give it to them ? 
   first of all , believe it or not germany is not the center of the universe . 
  this entire thread is about germany passing the law . 
  you are arguing about this being a bad thing in this very thread . 
  although i believe that same sex marriage does n't harm anyone anywhere in the world . 
  but you made some specific examples which i invalidated based on the laws of country this is happening in right now and not whatever country you were talking about . 
   men do not have full pay six weeks before the child is born , nor eight weeks after . 
  you 're right . 
  our `` elternzeit '' does n't last 8 weeks . 
  it 's 3 years . 
  and this is for men and women . 
  the 6 and 8 weeks you are referring to are called `` mutterschutz '' . 
  they are in place to protect the mother and the child from complications during and after the pregnancy , which seems very reasonable to me . 
  men do n't carry the child in their belly and men also do n't give birth to it . 
   germany is not the alfa and omega ( for you though , it may very well be ) for someone who is criticizing others about making assumptions about you , you 're certainly good at it yourself . 
  it 's alpha btw . 
  not alfa . 
   because in croatia , the maximum age is 39 ( adopted child can not be over 18 , the adopters can not be under 21 , and the age difference must be 18 years ; 21 +18 = 39 ) although it 's interesting to see the differences between adoption laws of different countries ( we 're able to adopt adults for example ) , it does n't matter in this case , because again , this thread is about germany . 
   technically , a 90 year old couple can adopt a new born baby , they die in 1 year , the baby can be adopted over and over again until it reaches 18 years of age . 
  by that time , the child would have had 36 foster parents . 
  how would that reflect on the child 's mental health ? 
  i quoted the whole thing but to be honest , only the first word of it matters . 
  _ technically _ . 
  it 's possible in _ theory _ but if you 'd know anything about germany you would know that this will never happen . 
   peak german efficiency . 
  we really should model our laws after german laws . 
  i know it 's sarcasm but still , i do n't think you should . 
  i think every country should model its own laws after what the people of that country want . 
  but i also think that discussing a law of a foreign country that affects basically no one except the few people that benefit from it is a huge waste of time . 
  funny thing is , a lot of germans thought the same . 
   there is absolutely zero benefit for the society as a whole to make a symbolic gesture towards 2-3 % of the population . 
  there is also zero harm in it . 
   you ca n't seem to grasp that without procreation there will be no future . 
  instead of encouraging people to procreate , even symbolically , we do the opposite . 
  people wo n't stop making babies because gay people can get married . 
  and straight people wo n't suddenly become gay because that 's not how it works . 
   should men have paid maternity leave ? 
  misandry . 
  we have paid maternity leave for men in germany so your example is invalid for your argument . 
   should very old people be able to adopt children ? 
  you have to be 25 or above to adopt a child in germany . 
  other than that there are no age restrictions for adoption . 
  so again your example does n't work in this case .
