serious question : wo n't jews go extinct sooner or later due to the issue with converting ? 
  like , is there a lot of pressure to get children as a jew ? 
  if you left as a kid , how do you know you like austria better ? 
  not arguing , just curious . 
  this 100 % . 
  i 'd like to have a party that takes the good things of both sides . 
  it 's not all black and white in politics but people sure make it seem that way . 
  i stopped talking about politics outside of reddit because it 's threatening to ruin my friendships / relationships with family members / relationships with just about anyone . 
  it does n't even matter what side of the political spectrum they 're on . 
  all i hear from people is `` look at all the bad stuff they are doing '' without looking at the good things and also without looking at the shit their own party is responsible for . 
  you 'd think the internet would 've changed that because sharing ideas and connecting to people from all over the world is much easier now than it was 70 years ago , but i think the internet actually made it worse . 
  echo chambers everywhere ... 
  [ according to wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poles_in_germany ) there are 2,85 million poles living in germany , but if i read the article correctly it includes people that `` might be of polish descent '' . 
  i guess this would include me since some of my ancestors were poles , although my grandfather , father and i were all born and have lived all our lives in germany with no relation to poland whatsoever . 
  i would assume that the number provided by fluchtpunkt is poles without the german citizenship who live in germany ? 
  i ca n't find any source on that but that might be because i do n't know how to look for something like that . 
  i 'm feeling a mix between german and english would be really effective . 
  we had one of these until just a couple of years ago and that never ever happened to me . 
  the bowl is deep enough to prevent this . 
   i 've also met too many people here in germany who describe marriage as the logical thing to do to decrease your tax burden . 
  german here and ... 
  i sadly ca n't deny that . 
  my parents got divorced when i was a child and got back together a couple years later . 
  taxes were the only reason they got married again . 
  `` we live together anyway , so why not get married ? '' . 
  i know more people who are like that than i care to admit . 
  you 're all over the place now . 
  communism , immigrants , german politics , stalin , terrorism . 
  just stop . 
  i have n't seen a single valid argument from you . 
  yes , both the spd and the cdu are similar , but again , if you compare them to the bullshit party system of the us , they are both much more in the center than they are to the left or the right . 
  if you look at them without comparing them to anything else , mainly the us ( which you obviously do ) you would see that they are indeed very different . 
  but you do n't look at it like that , because you think you are right and do n't need to educate yourself more about this . 
  that was already very clear when you were talking about the war . 
  i 'm not going to argue with you anymore . 
  it wo n't lead to anything productive on either side . 
  feel free to reply , or do n't . 
  i do n't care and i wo n't answer . 
   1940 was the first combat with britain , and the battle of britain . 
  which is what i wrote in the first place . 
  does n't change the fact that we were at war with each other since 1939 . 
   london blitz lasted for a few years , and 1944 was d-day , when us and the americans launched an attack on france . 
  how nice of you to leave the french out of that who played a major part in it . 
  what are you even trying to do here ? 
  educating me about wwii ? 
  do n't even start to try , i studied this shit for more than 10 years and i very clearly know more than you . 
   between 1944 , when the western front reopened , we doubled the speed and headed straight for berlin . 
  you did n't . 
  you slowed down after france . 
  you were n't even in the race to berlin . 
  you decided to leave eastern germany including berlin to the russians . 
  get your facts straight before you make claims like that . 
   kennedy , in the usa , said similar - something about `` when the ruins are gone , hitler will be remembered as one of the greatest figures to ever live '' do you consider that a good thing ? 
  how is this relevant to anthing i said ? 
  are you saying you 'd prefer hitlers germany over the current germany ? 
   your country has again fallen to the communists , with your own chancellor being a former member of communist youth activist group . 
  i do n't get your point to be honest . 
  one major antifa riot which no one will talk about anymore in a week or two and you make it look like we are the epitome of communism , just because we do n't beat them down with violence . 
  germany does n't work this way anymore . 
  we did this once , which lead to wwii in the first place . 
  looking at how many people die each day in the us , i consider this a good thing . 
  you also know nothing about merkel and where or how she grew up . 
  living in the ddr , you did n't really have many choices . 
  our chancellor is also the head of the cdu . 
  if you want to attack communists , try the spd ( which is also not a communist party , but closer to communism than the cdu ) . 
  try educating yourself about wwii and german politics before you try to discuss with me further . 
  none of your `` arguments '' are valid and most of them are wrong to begin with . 
  edit : and while we 're on the topic of news : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvhfmgu3v7m, 
   do n't you find it a little bit odd that both the usa and the uk have distanced themselves away from your chancellor ? 
  i find it odd that both the us and the uk have retards as their political leaders . 
  especially sad for the uk , a nation which i came to like quite a lot through history and my own experience . 
   and russia took years longer than we did . 
  are we still talking about the war ? 
  because if we do , this is n't even possible since we invaded russia one year after we started to drop bombs on britain , which means they joined the war the same year the us did . 
  i do n't remember the exact date but we attacked them some time in june 1941 . 
  the uk was already at war with us at that time and have been since 1939 . 
  the us joined the war in december 1941 . 
  the russians arrived in berlin on april 21st in 1945 . 
  i do n't know how they `` took years longer than you did '' in your opinion . 
   britain did n't fight in vain , so do n't pretend otherwise . 
  i never said anything like it . 
  i merely pointed out that *** you *** did n't sprint for anything , not that britain did n't . 
  edit : uk was at war with us since 1939 . 
  i wrote 1940 . 
  changed that . 
  if you are from britain , you have more soldiers in nrw than in niedersachsen , but i do n't know what this has to do with anything in the first place . 
  it 's not `` from 1933 onwards '' because that would imply they still exist . 
  also , * you * sure as hell did n't sprint to berlin and the russians arrived first . 
  and someone who has 45 years of experience with communism does n't know that communism sucks ? 
  i am pretty indifferent about maggots . 
  i 'm sorry for not answering in the last couple of days but something came up in real life that requires a lot of attention right now . 
  i did read your reply with the quotes from articles and i also read the link where people who grew up with gay parents spoke out against gay marriage . 
  i just do n't have the time right to put much effort in a response to that . 
  i 'm actually on my first break in almost a week now . 
  i should have time once the weekend starts ( hopefully ) . 
  good luck with your exams btw . 
  you seem like a smart person and you know how to argue , even though the thing about maggots is pretty silly at this point , so you should n't have much trouble in passing them . 
  i said it will either hinder or have no impact at all . 
  and i asked if it 's a gamble that we 're willing to take just for a gesture . 
  if you had valid proof of it being a hindrance at all , i might reconsider my stance on this matter .
