  it will be equal and i made a joke . 
  give it some time . 
  we 'll be getting our fair share of that shit . 
  although i 'd appreciate if they could just not do anything like that . 
  g20 is enough of a shitshow at the moment , we do n't need more of that . 
  getting married sounds better than getting civil unioned tho . 
  spd wants to legalize gay marriage this week . 
  there goes your argument . 
   that 's debatable , i 'm sure homosexuals are n't as at ease as heteros are just for being , well , straight . 
  if that is the case it 's more likely to be that way because you still see a lot of hate against gay people on the internet . 
  you do n't see it on the streets of germany tho . 
  i do n't know a single gay person that is n't as at ease as i am . 
  the ones i know are actually more at ease tbh . 
  i 'm sure this is highly dependent on where you live but in most of the larger cities you wo n't have any issues because you 're gay . 
  this is especially true for younger people . 
  maybe if you live in a very rural area with a lot of very old people ... 
  i lived most of my life in more rural parts of the country myself and we always were very accepting about the whole topic . 
  there is the chance of being bullied for being gay of course , but children are cruel bastards and if they do n't bully you for being gay , they find something else . 
   and while that 's happening , the people that are by default given every right say `` but you know what ? 
  it 's not that important to me and the parties should just stop putting it in their program/fighting for it '' nah , that 's not what we 're saying . 
  i can understand that the cdu does n't include it in their program but i certainly wish they did . 
  it 's just that i would n't vote for a specific party only because they include it . 
  if for example the afd would start to strongly push for gay marriage i still would n't vote for them because the rest of their program is utter garbage . 
  i do n't argue against it being bullshit of course . 
  it is bullshit , but it 's not as big of an issue here as you make it out to be . 
  and i am pretty sure that gay marriage will become possible in the next couple of years . 
  and if not marriage they will at least get the same benefits as straight people have . 
   now imagine you were a minority and there was no way to exert enough pressure as a group to legalize straight marriage alone , also imagine you are truly shunned for being straight , bullied , told by a big sector of society to be ashamed of yourself , seen as less , ca n't disclose it at your job for risk of being fired or attacked , maybe not even family or friends . 
  how 's that ? 
  that is not how things are in germany . 
   now we can all benefit from the joys of german zealousness !, 
  block all the internet . 
  i do n't know which germany you are talking about , but the one i live in does n't ban anything on the internet . 
   as for what 's left of western europe 's economy , the bits that have n't not moved to china yet , let 's move it to romania . 
  again , what are you talking about ? 
  the last time i checked western europe has a very strong economy . 
  maybe western europe means something else to you ? 
   northwestern europe gets flooded with migrants to the point that its cultures dissolve and its once-vaunted welfare states collapse , the rest of europe loses everyone capable of anything and with it any hope of ever developing their own countries , and gangs of bandits get to roam across europe ( without charges ) . 
  fun !, 
  you 're quoting something about free travel and work and then talk about bandit groups ? 
  what ? 
  northwestern europe ? 
  where are the bandits from ? 
  italy ? 
   so we can arrest all those thought criminals . 
  again , we can all benefit from german zealousness . 
  you ... you have never been to germany , have you ? 
   there 's certainly no trafficking into the eu . 
  absolutely not . 
  frontex just picks them up in libya all legal-like . 
  nobody said otherwise . 
  fighting against it with joined efforts is still better than fighting alone , no ? 
  same with you idiotic terrorism statement . 
   ah , that must be why i was able to vote against all of this crap . 
  wait ... and here i thought your obviously `` better government '' that you elected made the decision to join and stay in the eu itself . 
  well shit , i guess the eu made you do that . 
  you ca n't compare the us and europe in that way . 
  integrate well in germany and you 'll be accepted by most people . 
  do n't integrate and you 'll be hated by all of us . 
  which . 
  why . 
  are . 
  building . 
  them . 
  the . 
  north . 
  sea . 
  also . 
  would . 
  rather . 
  wind . 
  farms . 
  back . 
  yard . 
  than . 
  nuclear . 
  waste . 
  i remember that it did n't go anywhere and that the law he used to do this will be made obsolete . 
  there is no such thing as `` crossing the line '' in comedy . 
  it 's your own problem if you are offended . 
  if the people that do n't really care either way would be asked , they 'd most probably vote for yes . 
  they just do n't do anything to make a vote happen . 
  i do n't think that we do n't support it but that a lot of us do n't really care . 
  at least i want that to be the reason for the low score . 
  it 's more meant as wagon for the people, 
  they are n't pretty but still better looking than those ugly wind farms, 
   i 'll give you some unsolicited advice : just start something . 
  anything . 
  work on it for as little as a minute a day , but every day , right when you wake up . 
  you 'll get the bug again , i promise . 
  you know what ? 
  that 's some pretty good advice . 
  i always wanted to create a text adventure . 
  nothing too complex . 
  i do n't know why i never did . 
  it 's not even hard to do . 
  back when i was still actively programming i just felt like i did n't have the time and when i actually had time , i did n't do it anyway . 
  i 'm going to bed now , but i 'm taking a pen and paper with me and write down some ideas before i actually go to sleep . 
  funny enough , i already know how to code in python . 
  first language i learned actually .
