  the uk is also way more lenient towards radical displays of religion then we are . 
   french are pretty proud and lightly nationalist ... in the forums they still write in both french and english rather just english , and also if they know perfectly english still prefer to talk in french . 
  speaking your own language , how nationalistic . 
  been living in paris and lived in london for a year and a half . 
  i think it 's the stress , mainly . 
  bigger cities are stressful . 
  also way more expensive for everything . 
  i really think he won by a huge margin because of people wanting to throw sarkozy out , and jupp\u00e9 running a horribly botched campaign . 
  he just looks very presidential , calm and sober . 
  once people start looking at his proposals and hearing them , well , we 'll see . 
  already the media shitstorm is brewing , about his proximity to fundamentalist catholics and his policies . 
  well , no , it was n't `` france 's assessment '' , all western intelligence services were working together closely since 9/11 . 
  not to mention hans blix said , right uptill a few weeks before the invasion , that the inspectors had found absolutely nothing . 
  [ poor guy even had the cia trying to find dirt on him . ] ( https://www.globalpolicy.org/component/content/article/168/34684.html ) . 
  el baradei also said that documents showing saddam was trying to find uranium in niger were fake . 
  also , you quoted the chilcot inquiry earlier :  some mi6 staff had also expressed concerns about the quality of its source -- in particular , noting that an inaccurate detail about storing chemical weapons in glass containers [ 47 ] appeared to have been taken from michael bay 's film the rock -- and expressed doubts about its reliability . 
  you really ca n't make this shit up . 
  turns out it was the correct one anyhow . 
  back in 2003 , de villepin stated that nothing according to available intelligence , could allow anybody to say that there was a serious risk of wmds . 
  it was a lie . 
  and in the end , a blatant lie . 
  to this day i still can not understand why we listen to any european politician who supported the iraq war . 
  if they had any decency they would have all committed seppuku out of dishonour by now . 
  why not clement atlee ? 
  he voted against it . 
  and he 's against adiption rights , thus voiding the law of its essence . 
  also i did n't vote . 
  i 'm not right-wing . 
  wo n't roll thay back either . 
  big surprise in the end . 
  well * adieu * sarkozy . 
  hope you find prison to your liking . 
  fillon 's got a red carpet to the presidency now . 
  we 'll see how much of his ultra-liberal programme he 'll be able to implement ( i 'm willing to bet that he 'll never roll back gay marriage as he promised ) . 
  damn , you 're ugly !, 
  mali falling to islamists would have created a huge terrorist hub right at europe 's doorstep . 
  this , plus the malian government asked for the help . 
  iraq was unjustified bullshit that predictably led to disaster . 
  time for everyone to start downloading tor , using better privacy friendly-services with regards to email and messaging , and for those who can , start thinking about moving away from microsoft/apple . 
  wo n't save you , but still better than nothing ( and anonymity works better when there are a lot of anonymous people rather than just a few who would just stand out ) . 
  should be more french kids learning german , given our relationship ( also more german kids learning french , but they 're ahead of us in that regard anyway ) . 
  sadly , many , many people have preconceived notions that german is unbelievably hard , not useful and ( sorry germanbros ) ugly . 
  parents and kids who chose german do it more often than not to get into a `` good '' or `` elite '' class , not for the language itself . 
  i took spanish out of pure laziness too . 
  i do n't really regret it , since spanish is cool , but the reasons i took were n't good . 
  it encourages basic bribery . 
  corruption comes in many shapes and sizes though , and rich people are certainly not immune to that , quite the contrary . 
  millionnaire banker , ena alumni and former deputy secretary to the president and former economy minister who mocks unemployed people for not wearing suits is running as an anti-establishment candidate . 
  2016 being 2016 . 
  a very bad translation of the term * l'identit\u00e9 heureuse * . 
  basically , sarkozy has been campaigning on identity politics ( preserving national identity from people who want to change our way of life , that sort of thing ) so jupp\u00e9 's counter is this concept of an identity that is n't restrictive , does n't exclude people , is open to the world , etc. 
  i guess you could say it 's a sort of third way between reactionary identity politics and multiculturalism . 
  again , it 's mainly jupp\u00e9 trying to show he 's more moderate and less populist than sarkozy . 
  well , i 'm a pretty left-wing person , so i ca n't say that i like jupp\u00e9 . 
  his platform is all about brutally slashing spending and big public sector cuts . 
  the consensus is that jupp\u00e9 is more moderate than sarkozy , way more centrist , whereas sarkozy is a much more populist figure who wants to steal the fn 's thunder . 
  jupp\u00e9 is definitely a traditional pro-european guy , does n't seem obsessed with identity politics as sarkozy is ( national identity is a big theme of sarkozy 's , whereas jupp\u00e9 is much more about what he calls `` happy identity '' ) . 
  jupp\u00e9 also has a more statesmanlike manner and looks more like a uniter . 
  still , for me personnally it 's hard to overlook his economic and fiscal policies . 
  i did n't say i was n't taking responsability ? 
  we do n't know what the turnout will be , and i can only speak for myself . 
  in any case , if it 's between sarkozy and le pen i do n't actually care who wins either way . 
  some estimates say that there have been about a million `` erasmus babies '' since the 1980s in europe . 
  i really struggle to think of another programme that brings the peoples of the eu closer than that . 
  i 'd say the parallels between clinton and jupp\u00e9 are more apt . 
  i understand that . 
  but i wo n't , personnally , choose between plague and cholera , as they say . 
  i 'm all for being reasonable and accepting the lesser evil . 
  i do n't see a lesser evil here . 
  some people might want to `` save the republic '' against marine le pen by voting for the guy who wants a french guantanamo , a constitutional reform to ban the burkini , who says climate change do n't real and who is so deep in so many scandals nobody can keep track anymore . 
  i do n't think i 'd do that . 
   what are you referring to ? 
  my mistake , i should have said `` as i 've said elsewhere ''  blank vote , or no vote ? 
  blank vote , i guess . 
  let 's dispel this notion that nicolas sarkozy does n't know what he 's doing . 
  as i said , i probably wo n't vote if there 's a le pen - sarkozy 2nd round . 
  i might consider it for jupp\u00e9 but probably wo n't either . 
  we get to the 2 % if you count the * gendarmerie * , i believe . 
  regardless , 0.2 % increase wo n't do much . 
  our own national defense is our independent nuclear deterrent . 
  oh no , not more sarkozy bullsh - wait . 
  uh ... i actually agree with him . 
  i feel fucking filthy right now . 
  * `` i did warn you not to trust me , you know '' . 
  alt right media in a nutshell . 
  looks like a scene from the black lodge in twin peaks . 
  weird relationship because even though they could n't stand each other they had some sort of begrudging respect for each other . 
  `` rape culture does n't exist '', 
  much better than the uk , i 'll take it too . 
  so , a road leads to bagacum , eh ? 
  i thought you needed sea men to get there ... 
  `` mandarin '' is a term for high ranking civil servant , from the `` mandarin '' caste in imperial china . 
  must have been some at least after caracalla 's edict granting citizenship to every person in the empire . 
  forgetting about saint louis and our good king henri iv ... 
  i can sort of see how the roman family could be plausible but the rest is wtf, 
  actually a political tool for china over the years , especially during the cold war , to foster contacts with western world they 'd often lend pandas to zoos . 
  it 's called panda diplomacy . 
  dude our national symbol has her tits out nearly all the time . 
  in fact there 's a phenomenon of french jews leaving for israel then actually coming back once they realise israel is n't all it 's made out to be . 
  modernised the country economically , renovated paris , granted the right to strike and started on the right to unionise , and build all dem railroads .
