  georges fr\u00eache , president of the languedoc-roussillon region in southern france ( main city is montpellier ) . 
  so , where do we begin with this guy ... a socialist who was mayor of montpellier from 1977 to 2004 , then president of the regional council from 2004 to 2010 , and head of the montpellier urban zone from 2001 to 2010 . 
  and when he was n't mayor of montpellier , his lapdog was . 
  the definition of a local baron : every single local position of power was in his hand or those of his clan . 
  the guy just kept winning election after election , essentially because he transformed montpellier into a thriving , dynamic and attractive city . 
  but he 's mainly remembered for his amazing quotes ( on public record , mind you !, 
  ) : * `` when i do an election campaign , i do n't do it for smart people . 
  smart people are only like 5 or 6 % , 3 % are for me and 3 % against me . 
  so i campaign for stupid people and i win votes * en masse * . '', 
  * `` my first three campaigns , i talked about employment , economy , investments , and i lost them all . 
  the 27 next ones i kept telling jokes and sex stories and i won them all '' . 
  * `` idiots are the majority , and i 've always been elected by a majority of idiots , because i know how to swindle them , i know how to swindle them with my nice face , i tell them sex jokes , etc. 
  it works really well . 
  stupid people are stupid and on top of that they 're happy in their stupidity '' . 
  * `` in two years , to be elected again , i 'll talk about popular bullshit , not the smart things i 've done '' . 
  * `` you should learn english , but not with french teachers who speak english as bad as a spanish cow . 
  if you want to learn english , if you 're a girl fuck an english guy , if you 're a guy fuck an english girl . 
  that way you 'll learn fast , there 's nothing better than oral communication . 
  i went to england myself , fucked about 40 english girls and started to speak really well , but the food was so horrible that i never came back '' . 
  so now and again i give them a small institute , a little shit to spread the catalan language to about 4 idiots , everybody 's happy , and of course they speak catalan so 3km from them nobody understands them '' . 
  * `` politics is easy . 
  the first 2 years you become really unpopular , they keep saying ` you bastard , the people 'll have your skin ' . 
  i say fuck you . 
  then for two years you let things lie ; you do calmer stuff . 
  and the last year you do nothing at all , fountains , flowers , nice words , i love you all '' . 
  a film was made about him , called * le pr\u00e9sident * , following his campaign in the 2010 regional elections , which he won . 
  one of the most memorable scenes is a rally where he tells the heartbreaking story of how he grew up on his grandfather 's miserably poor farm , spending days working his ass off . 
  the crowd laps it up . 
  then in the next scene , he 's with his close advisors and they 're all laughing and he 's like `` what a bunch of jerks , my grandfather was rich like cresus , i used to spend all day doing nothing and chasing girls ! '' . 
  oh yeah , and as a final `` fuck you '' he built a special plaza in montpellier called `` plaza of the great men '' , with statues of de gaulle , churchill , roosevelt , gandhi , mandela ... and also nasser and golda meir ... and also mao and lenin . 
  obviously kind of a scandal . 
  at the official unveiling , he set up a massive distribution of red t-shirts with lenin 's face on them , and the phrase `` in private they called him babar the elephant '' , referring to lenin 's large penis . 
  basically a gigantic political troll , also a genius of a governor and an extremely well-educated and brilliant guy ( was a teacher of roman law ! ) . 
  died back in 2010 , sadly . 
  you can act as if thatcher or cameron never existed if you want . 
  at the end of the day , you wo n't find zero-hour contracts here , benefits are much more generous , and regulation is much higher . 
  well , i said the most neoliberal . 
  compared to most other continental countries , and certainly france or germany or italy , the uk is waaaay more capitalist . 
  on the other hand , the uk is easily the most neoliberal of all european countries and the most aligned on us interests . 
  rare . 
  it 's pretty sociably acceptable to laugh at people 's accents so yeah , most people get rid of them when they enter politics . 
  of course some local politicians exagerate their accent for populist reasons . 
  brazilian accent for women has its fans as well . 
  the uk and eastern european countries are the most capitalist , i 'd say . 
  i do n't think we 're really anticapitalist but people are n't really fond either . 
  custimer service in paris : `` fuck you '' . 
  would n't have it any other way . 
  honestly the aufkl\u00e4rung period is way more interesting i think . 
  try being both northern and southern europe at the same time !, 
  the french revolution , i guess ? 
  i like the quote from zhou enlai ( china 's prime minister under mao zedong ) , when asked what he thought about the french revolution , he said `` i 'll answer that when it 's over '' . 
  edit : apparently he said `` it 's too early to tell '' . 
  edit 2 : apparently he never said that about the french revolution . 
  damn . 
  pizza , couscous and kebab . 
  the first thing is that it 's not french people as a whole voting - it 's largely and mainly right-wing people . 
  and they have been `` radicalising '' after 5 years of socialist government ( the french right has a very born-to-rule attitude ) . 
  hindsight is 20/20 but quite a few people ( myself among them ! ), 
  said jupp\u00e9 was doomed from the start because of this and thus sarkozy would win . 
  jupp\u00e9 certainly made things harder for him with a very poor campaign , lulled into complacency by favourable polling i would guess . 
  however , what a lot of us underestimated was just how much sarkozy was hated and people wanted to be rid of him . 
  bearing this in mind , fillon basically hit the sweet spot of being a social conservative , the most radical neoliberal of the bunch , and not being sarkozy . 
  the fact that ali jupp\u00e9 is now a recognised meme is astounding . 
  jupp\u00e9 the islamoleftist . 
  malakoff , which is a paris suburb named after a russian fort in crimea that was of strategic importance during the crimean war . 
  the american left really just seems to be a fraction of the democratic party that would be centrist at best , and sjws . 
  `` so do you eat snails for breakfast ? '', 
  ( everywhere ) `` so you like guys as well as girls ? '', 
  ( this one is from the usa ) `` say something in french '' ( how about * nique bien ta putain de m\u00e8re , fils de pute * ? ), 
  `` oh , you people are so romantic '' ( huh ) and recently if i know anybody who died in a terrorist attack . 
   - i 'm not from paris . 
  i 'm from brittany . 
  i do n't get it , this is the appropriate response to give to anyone from brittany . 
  acknowledge , do n't panic , slowly back away . 
  it 's called * il bel paese * for a reason . 
  exactly this . 
  and bush was * re-elected * . 
  has to be italian . 
  completely , 100 % for free , legal and accessible abortion . 
  however , that being said , part of me still thinks abortions can be a pretty traumatic experience for a woman ( her boyfriend/husband also !, 
  ) , and therefore we should also do much more in terms of sex ed , birth control education , making contraceptives much more accessible and pills reimbursed by social security , the lot . 
  because the closest thing we have to reddit ( the jeuxvideo.com forums ) is pure , unadulterated cancer . 
  a channel with french cooking shows , german ww2 documentaries , british and scandinavian tv series , italian talk-shows and late-night hungarian porn ? 
  where do i sign up ? 
  joking aside , maybe a european broadcasting corporation would be too difficult to do , but i would definitely like more cross-european media . 
  arte is an amazing example of what can be done in that regard . 
  euronews could be better , but it exists . 
  and the eurovision song contest is fantastic as well . 
  please , * please * let them chose the name `` new california republic '' . 
  seriously though , i do n't think anything will come out of it . 
  funnily though california would a be a pretty successful country if independent . 
  but ... why ? 
  he 's a democratically elected leader of an ally who has n't even done anything apart from his campaign rhetoric . 
  he may be a cunt but we all elect cunts every now and then . 
  i hate le pen , but if she were elected i would be pretty angry at any country who would close consulates and condemn her on the day of her election . 
  he 's from finland , of course he has no social skills . 
  my first answer is : fuck no , are you crazy ? 
  my second answer is : no seriously , are you crazy ? 
  and my third answer is : listen mate , i do n't know how old you are , but there was this guy called george w. bush ... and we kinda sorta survived it all . 
  and he was genuinely dangerous and had a staff of real , quasi-fascists ( like that guy who said bombing was extremely humane , or that other one who patently explained torture was fine with human rights , or all those other guys who voted the patriot act , or the fact that that was the glory days of insane people like glenn beck ... ) .
