  also , the far left rarely does less than 5 % at least . 
  hundreds is probably an exageration , but yeah , marseille is known for its love of aks . 
  why is n't anything being one ... well , that 's more of a case of `` what * can * be done ? '' . 
  a lot has been tried , and it has n't really worked . 
  also , marseille is a peculiar city : it was almost always a hotbed of crime ( from corsican and italian immigrants especially ) , the famous french connection and all that . 
  historically local politicians have been incredibly corrupt and used the mafia for political gain . 
  you can also add the fact that marseille could have become the biggest mediterranean port , which would have allowed for more jobs , and thus a drop in organised crime , but it 's been ruined by corrupt dockers ' unions and the like . 
  basically , marseille is the french version of the wire . 
   last time i checked , the uk is n't part of the usa is it not ? 
  / s i was mainly referring to one of the guiding principles of uk foreign policy : go with what the usa does to keep some degree of influence over the americans . 
  iirc that was blair 's reasoning for iraq . 
  the only recent event i remember where the uk went against the usa is on syria , and that was a parliamentary vote that went against cameron 's wishes . 
  if there are other significant ones , i will happily retract . 
   and i 'd argue that 's an absurdity . 
  our influence would go from being ours to being part of someone else 's . 
  there is n't much point wielding some influence within a strong power if , as it is now , that strong power is n't aligned to your on interests . 
  i 'd rather be driving my own car than sitting close to the driver on the bus , because regardless of how much more i might be heard , i have no control over the direction or the stops any-more ... 
  funny as that is a very good summary of the uk 's relationship with the usa . 
  fair enough !, 
  i guess i was mostly thinking about their swing ( or , re-swing ) to the left since the late 90 's . 
  [ wikipedia has some figures ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/presse_en_france#diffusion ) . 
  as you can see , they 're relatively lower than most other countries , with no national newspaper topping 500 000 daily copies sold ( out of a population of 65 million , mind ) . 
  local newspapers tend to have better circulation . 
  compare with the mammoth circulation the daily mail gets , for example . 
  most of these newspapers also receive heavy public subsidies , without which they would probably collapse . 
  as to why this is the case ... yeah , no real idea . 
  eh , it was founded after wwii by beuve-m\u00e9ry , who was n't a socialist , i believe , but a christian democrat . 
  i agree that they 've been yo-yoing between neutrality and centre-left and centre-right positions . 
  they definitely have moved to the left on social issues though . 
  1 ) france 2 ) newspapers are n't read as much as in other countries ( certainly not as much as in the uk ) . 
  however the big three are le monde , lib\u00e9ration and le figaro . 
  le monde is considered the most authoritative newspaper , it used to be pretty neutral but it has become distinctly left of centre over the last years . 
  lib\u00e9ration is the left wing newspaper , it 's pretty biased and consists mostly of horrible puns . 
  le figaro is the right wing paper , owned by the dassault family ( the guys who make our warplanes ) , and is almost fanatically devoted to sarkozy . 
  though when hollande had secured rafale sales the suddenly liked him for like a week . 
  good economy pages though . 
  there 's also les \u00c9chos , devoted mainly to the economy . 
  it 's pretty neoliberal but their facts and research are pretty good . 
  thanks for the link . 
  i had found it beforehand , but quite often it does n't show the full etymology , so i figured i 'd just ask . 
  i 'm not too sure about that anymore . 
  the fn was explicitly anti-semitic back in the day , but marine le pen has pretty much changed that stance , to the point that some hardcore extreme-right publications call her `` marine the zionist '' . 
  my biggest problem with the eu is its opaque and technocratic nature . 
  i also do n't like the fact that the eu has enshrined certain economic principles as its supreme law - i 'm thinking neoliberalism here . 
  i would have supported any movement to reform the eu , however i 'm extremely pessimistic about reform prospects post-2004 . 
  it 's all well and good to want the eu to be closely attuned to citizens ' interests , but honestly , right now the eu is too diverse to be a meaningful political entity . 
  if we were still with 12 or 15 member states , and very gradually extending to eastern europe , it would be different . 
  fairly patriotic , but do n't like anything close to us or russian-style ultra-nationalism . 
  french-bashing does annoy me . 
  towards the eu ... yeah , no . 
  i like the idea of a united europe , in theory , but there 's nothing much to be proud of with the eu . 
  franco-german friendship does mean a lot to me though . 
  realistically the cost and expertise needed for a mars mission would entail a nasa-esa cooperation at the very least . 
  both agencies have been cooperating for some time now . 
  that being said , it did bug me when people assumed that rosetta was a nasa mission . 
  the thing is , direct democracy leads , more often than not , to stubborn conservatism . 
  switzerland did reject women 's suffrage in the 1950 's by referendum , and it took the country twenty years after that to allow women to vote . 
  likewise , in france we would never have abolished the death penalty if it had been subject to referendum . 
  same thing with lgbt rights . 
  i hear the `` values '' argument a lot , but honestly , * what * are the values that are so incompatible with same-sex marriage ? 
  socialism in one country was kind of a deviation ( though dictated by the fact that the european revolution the bolsheviks counted on post-1918 failed to materialise ) . 
  however , socialist and communist parties have flip-flopped a lot about immigration . 
  there were times where it was denounced as a means for the bourgeoisie to lower wages ( the `` industrial reserve army '' theory ) . 
  though they never framed it in terms of identity or anything . 
  this seems logical in hindsight - npm does require an army of middle managers , performance reviewers , auditors and whatnot . 
  hey , i 'm all for bringing back the revolutionary calendar . 
  just because saying `` i was born on 30th thermidor , year 223 of the republic '' sounds so badass . 
  well , i did n't say which voting segment . 
  i was also referring to the nativity scenes . 
  yeah , well , before making big statements about `` overhauling secularism '' , the first place would be to look into a certain number of cities with mayors who allowed intolerable breaches in * la\u00efcit\u00e9 * , to accomodate a certain voting segment . 
  and many of those are socialists or communists ( though right-wingers do the same thing when they can ) . 
  yes , that 's an opinion only very radical islamists hold . 
  the idea is that only religious music and song is allowed . 
  obviously most of the muslim world does n't follow this . 
  i do think face veils are anti-western . 
  why ? 
  * being able to see someone 's face in day-to-day , public interaction is pretty important in an open society . 
  * putting a face veil ( or , forcing someone to do so ) basically means putting a barrier between yourself and society . 
  * what it implies for women : women are sluts and they should be controlled and be as hidden away from society as possible . 
  * what it implies for men : men are crazy , horny pigs with no self-control that will immediately jump on a woman if she shows her ankles or her hair ( not joking : some islamists preach that the friction between women 's legs when they walk causes men to become terribly horny ) . 
  so all in all , yeah , it 's not terribly compatible with the idea of a progressive , open and egalitarian society . 
  ok , time for a lame comparison . 
  in france some weeks back there was this huge debate about an imam in brest that gave islamic classes to kids . 
  in one of these classes , he basically taught kids that playing or listening to music would transform them into pigs . 
  see , what this guy says is n't illegal . 
  it 's not even violent . 
  so what 's the fuss about ? 
  the thing is , letting such discourse flourish creates a fertile climate for radicalisation - by promoting values and ways of life that may not be violent but are fundamentally opposed to western values and such . 
  it 's all about the conditions that will eventually make certain areas breeding grounds for radical islam . 
  same idea here i guess . 
  tolkien based one of his elvish languages on welsh , yup . 
  regional variations provide the unique names . 
  like the breton gwenaelle , nolwenn , erwan and the like . 
  the corsicans also like to add `` ange '' to boys ' names , so you 'll find some pierre-ange or ange-dominique . 
  even ange-marie can be a male name though very rare . 
  very easy pinning it all on khrushchev . 
  it 's not like orwell or souvarine or victor serge had been writing about stalinism since the 1930s . 
  i was also going to bring up holomodor , but i guess that 's also decadent western propaganda . 
  cheese !, 
  for everyone !,
