  i 'm left wing enough to find macron a bit too liberal , but not left-wing enough to consider universal income or 100 % taxation to be viable policies ... 
  i am , basically , a social-democrat . 
  seems there are n't any of those left . 
  erm , i said i 'm voting for macron . 
  well , i said i 'd be voting for him . 
  but i wo n't like it . 
  sorta too far to the right , but most importantly his contempt for the common people , the absolutely massive media support he has , his links to finance and powerful interests in the business world do n't endear him to me . 
  on the other hand some of his policy proposals are pretty good , so eh . 
  because m\u00e9lenchon and hamon are part of the loony left ( i also have a big disagreement with hamon about secularism ) . 
  i 'm firmly on the left but wo n't vote for them . 
  the greens will do a grand total of 1 % . 
  centrists wo n't be fielding a candidate . 
  i hate myself because i 'll vote for macron , but i ca n't bear the idea of fran\u00e7ois fucking fillon ever becoming president . 
  he is simply everything i hate : the old bourgeois right-wing , obsessed about its privileges , who still finds the idea that poor people have healthcare and leisure time to be abhorrent ( oh , sorry , they `` want more individual responsability '' ) . 
  they 've always wanted to destroy our social security and now they have a guy who wants to do it . 
  additionnally , there 's his hypocritical catholic pseudo-morality ( gays are scum but paying your wife 500 000 $ in public money despite her never working is fine and dandy ) . 
  i 'd gladly vote for * le pen * over him , and i 'd have a lot to lose personnally from that . 
  weirdly enough , it was so well fortified that nobody ever bothered to try and besiege it , so those walls and towers were never put to use . 
  yes , we should be mindful of how wifebeaters and abusers can ruin their life . 
  ah yes , those `` accidental '' bruises , so inconvenient . 
  hmml . 
  you know , in most rape cases , the rapist is well-known by the victim . 
  maybe with that logic , we should giver lighter sentences for rapes so it 'll encourage people to report them more . 
  iirc the usa and uk adhere to nofun . 
  from what 's known of our own nuclear doctrine , it 's generally understood to be nuclear retaliation even in case of a conventional attack , since during the cold war it was pretty clear that the french military would n't be able to stand against a warsaw pact invasion . 
  the calculation was to ask the soviet union the question `` you can totally wipe us off the face of the earth with your nuclear arsenal . 
  we can murder 80 million russians . 
  is it worth it ? '' . 
  ( de gaulle : `` you do n't attack a country that can kill 80 million russians , even if they could kill 800 million french people , even if there were 800 million french people '' ) . 
  of course if you combine that with `` one flies they all fly '' and the possibility that the usa would react as well , it means our doctrine is basically `` any of your guys even shoots a bullet at us and we trigger the end of the world , assholes '' . 
  i 'm not sure if `` the samson option '' is the real thing re israel 's nuclear doctrine . 
  not sure about india/pakistan either . 
  i do n't know , though . 
  the case for `` one flies they all fly '' feels pretty compelling to me . 
  a nuclear power attacked by nuclear weapons will surely have no other option then to retaliate with nuclear weapons . 
  and then the escalation happens . 
  it 's going to hit him hard . 
  you ca n't advocate for austerity , cutting out 500 000 civil servants , hating on benefits and harping about what an amazingly good and moral christian you are , and then basically just giving half a million in public money to your wife . 
  hi line of defense is laughable as well . 
  polls suggest he 's been steadily losing ground ever since the primaries and this will continue . 
  ah yes , compared to the glory days of the 1950s and 1960s when most places in paris did n't have toilets or running water , or that glorious time when half the city was no better than a slum ( check out orwell for what `` good ol' paris '' looked like ) . 
   the fact that someone like le pen is even polling well goes to show you how far the french have fallen . 
  the liberal world order has been living in a dream world and now it 's crashing down on your heads . 
  these are n't even sentences , they 're just an incoherent stream of alt-right talking points . 
  um yeah , but that was one poll , and with a melenchon rush . 
  a lot of the melenchon supporters there basically think he 's a french trump ( which is pretty stupid but eh ) . 
  source : worked as a parliamentary aide . 
  the pay is good but nowhere near 5k . 
  must be those christian values he keeps on talking about . 
  absolutely no parliamentary aide is ever paid that much . 
  oooh , i misunderstood you . 
  i though you were talking about a map that showed that in reality sweden was bigger than france + germany ( which is n't possible ) , but you were talking about how big sweden * looked * on a corrected map projection . 
  historically , central asia was a powerhouse , and literally the crossroads of the world . 
  samarkand was a great centre of art , culture , and sciences . 
  but everything changed , when the mongols attacked . 
  how is that possible ? 
  sweden is like 450 000 sq km , metropolitan france is 550 000 and germany is 350 000 ... 
  well , good luck guys . 
  also i think you 'll be just fine - what you 'll lose on trade with us you 'll probably make over with becoming a tax haven , breaking down regulations and getting into trump 's amazing , best deals . 
  i had this thought once . 
  like * jumps back to 2014 * * bets entire life-savings on germany beating brazil 7-1 * * because of butterfly effect , brazil beats germany after penalty shoot-outs * * end up homeless and having to prostitute myself *, 
  nothing surprising . 
  american policy vis-\u00e0-vis the european union has always been the same : let it be united enough to be viable as an ally and as a giant market for us goods . 
  never let it become united enough to be a rival . 
  on the one hand , i hate everything that macron represents . 
  and his general stance and ideas . 
  on the other hand , some of his proposals are actually pretty good , and if the choice is between him and an ultra-liberal supported by christian fundamentalists or an anti-eu populist , then guess there 's not too much of a choice . 
  am french , can confirm , the renault clio is the greatest car ever conceived by mankind . 
  ( joking aside , it 's a great all-round car and it 's pretty easy to drive , most driving schools use either a renault clio or a peugot 207 ) . 
  gays are pedophiles , did n't you know ? 
  some countries have more generous and family-friendly systems , but culture plays a big role as well . 
  for example here women are not expected to have to choose between a career and children , they 're supposed to be able to do both . 
  which is why part-time jobs for women are lower than the european average , and one of the reasons why fertility rates are higher . 
  and on the other hand , we have generous maternity ( and paternity ) leave , a lot of government grants for families ( until recently , they were given whatever the family 's revenue ) , a tax rebate for families , etc. 
  we could use way more subsidised childcare though . 
  add immigration to that and we have the highest or 2nd highest fertility rate in europe . 
  married his high school teacher but there are extremely persistent rumours about him being gay . 
  technically , yes ... and our largest land border is with brazil !, 
   i like how french guiana is apparently part of europe here . 
  : v well , legally , it is , as much as any other european place . 
  huh ? 
  he said `` as a gaullist and a christian i believe in something something social issues '' . 
  very fair point and the reason why ultimately i probably wo n't vote in the 2nd turn of the election . 
  it 's not a legal impossibility here . 
  it 's practical difficulty due to other countries being retarded . 
  all adoptions do n't come from uganda or russia or india ... 
  that 's not how it works . 
  everybody knows it 's bullshit . 
  but the constant hammering of bullshit will ensure it enters your brain somehow . 
  advertising works in the same way . 
  that 's a practical difficulty and not a legal impossibility . 
  yes , i 'm sure the guy who said `` colonisation was just about sharing our culture '' has a lot of lessons to give on anti-racism . 
  also , what 'll hurt minorities ( to which i belong , btw ) ? 
  rhetoric or the destruction of social and public services ? 
  erm , napoleon was like 2 centuries ago . 
  after that we had a strong alliance with russia . 
  and in the cold war , though firmly in the western camp , we definitely did not have the same level of hostility with the soviet union or the eastern bloc in general . 
  that 's bad enough for me . 
   so much bullshit going on in this thread . 
  fillon is n't going to stop homosexual adoption .
