  yeah , well , you can help by taking sarkozy back :(, 
  well yeah , but she was shafted by nkm in the race to become the candidate for mayor , she 's pretty hated by the local conservatives , and she was put in as an mep to stuff her in a closet . 
  for a person who was minister of justice and one of sarkozy 's inner circle , her fall from grace has been hard . 
  it 's not paranoia , it 's just a general trend where a lot of the articles are just magnifying bullshit and framing it as `` row in france about names '' . 
  same logic applies to racist attacks against polish people in the uk . 
  there 's a narrative , and it needs to be fed . 
  i 'm beginning to see a common narrative here , that for some reason we have to be presented as the most vile and racist country ever , with people just taking quotes from anywhere and calling it a `` huge row '' or whatever . 
  this is literally just one public polemicist , eric zemmour , who 's known for just spewing shit here and there , talking about a has-been politician with absolutely no future . 
  it 's a complete storm in a teacup as tiny as my balls after a bath in icy water . 
  i really hope we also look into this and hit sarkozy with it . 
  when the fuck will we learn that you do n't export democracy with missiles ? 
  tunisia is okay-ish though . 
  if you want whatsapp with privacy , signal is the way to go . 
  there are alternatives , such as diaspora and ello , but no-one 's using them , since facebook has been entrenched . 
  people will use an inferior product just because they 've been using it for a long time , it 's path dependency . 
  cigarette butts are horrible but to be fair , there 's kind of a lack of public ashtrays . 
  i carry my own little pocket ashtray , hate throwing it out on the street . 
  dog shit , however , would be entirely avoidable if only dog owners were n't entitled little cunts that let their fucking creature shit all over the place and do n't have the decency to clean up . 
  fucking send all the parisian canines to harbin for all i care , and make the owners watch and cry as their precious shit machines get righteously lacerated and tortured then eaten with a nice sweet and sour sauce . 
  considering instagram belongs to facebook ... 
  nothing to see here , just fillon trying to stay relevant in the ~ ~ `` say the vilest things possible '' contest ~ ~ right-wing primaries . 
  except the president of the commission has to be from the majority party in the eu parliament , has to be confirmed by the parliament and the commission can face a vote of no confidence from the parliament . 
  like i said , last elections the lines were clear , schultz in case of a socialist majority and juncker in case of a conservative majority . 
  also , the relative weakness of the eu parliament is n't part of a nefarious plot from evil brussels bureaucrats but something member states have consistently opposed . 
  well yes , you can vote in the european elections , and this year you even knew who would be president of the commission - either schultz , verhofstadt or juncker . 
  the kebabs man . 
  except that if we ever get to a proper eu army , it would mean that the eu has attained a high level of integration , so high in fact , that it 'd be just a few steps from complete federalisation . 
  in which case , nato would be completely irrelevant to maintaining peace between eu countries . 
  also , you 're pretty delusional if you think nato and the usa is what keeps france , the uk , germany , italy and such from going to war . 
  companies should know that having a fraction of the tax that applies to other companies is blatant state aid , as anybody who ever set foot inside a eu law classroom could tell . 
  fair point . 
  but i 'd argue that sanctions against russia happened with the agreement of member states . 
  and more importantly , that does n't make a general , coherent foreign policy in the defense of common interests . 
  because all eu countries ' interests are n't always the same . 
  like , most eu countries could n't give two shits about west africa ( or niger , specifically ) . 
  for us , it 's a vital region for many interests , uranium not the least . 
  yeah , that 'd be more like frontex 's job , not an army 's . 
  there is no such thing as an eternal alliance . 
   the us doesnt want a second power that is independant and potentially has different interests than it . 
  yeah , well , you can fuck off mate , europe does n't have to be america 's slave . 
  european countries should look out for their own interests and not the usa 's . 
   but you 're telling me that now they 're all going to pay for mutual defense now that one of the only competent military actors is gone ? 
  that particular actor was never going to accept the idea of a eu military , and would 've probably opted-out . 
  so it was a complete non-factor anyway . 
   what did historic confederations do ? 
  well , if you 're asking about german or italian unification , it was done partly by military conquest and partly by the overt domination of one state over all others ( prussia in germany and the kingdom of piedmont-sardaigne in italy ) . 
  so not really an option . 
  the usa 's history is pretty irrelevant to this , since the impossibility of a eu foreign policy is due to the fact that each of the member states have different interests , different ways of approaching the rest of the world , and all that is largely down to history . 
  when the usa formed , the us states did n't have any such history to speak of . 
   the eu could federalize and that would mean a single foreign policy . 
  yeah , except the eu wo n't federalise . 
  secure against who , exactly ? 
  russia obivously comes to mind , but all european countries do n't have the same stance on russia . 
  no point in having an eu army without an eu foreign policy . 
  and there 'll never be an eu foreign policy . 
  wow , what a load of absolute bullshit . 
  the only thing changing is that post-merger , it wo n't be midi-pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es-languedoc-roussillon but `` occitania '' . 
  oh and by the way , the old name , `` languedoc-roussillon '' did n't have any direct references to catalans either ( apart from roussillon which is a frenchification of rosellon ) - but it did to the occitan language . 
  this is just a change of a name , no other policy regarding local cultures or languages has changed . 
  it 's purely cosmetic . 
  also : voters chose the name . 
  deal with it . 
  what is it with the new york times and us lately ? 
  or almunias ... 
  nah i meant that video of his brexit speech hosted on pornhub with the title `` dumb british blonde fucks 15 million people '', 
  boris johnson starred in a pornhub video . 
  we 're not all welsh mate . 
  basically like bicycle rental , you have public charging spots where you have a few electric cars , you get a daily , weekly or yearly pass , you hop on to the car , and when you 're done you park it in a charging spot , with a big-ass plug . 
  the cars have gps and are pretty decent so it 's neat . 
  obviously they verify your driver 's licence beforehand and you ca n't drive it outside a certain radius ( i believe it alerts the authorities if you do but not sure ) . 
  holy mother europa , vestager has no chill . 
  oh , i agree that this idea would n't work , but i was just a bit annoyed at misinterpretation . 
  that motorists ' association is a joke . 
  every single step for more and better public transportation in the city , or any policy against the pollution that chokes paris more and more , they 've been against it because `` muh car '' . 
  also nice to know that the parisian right-wingers suddenly care about banlieue people . 
  with the massive greater paris public transports planned , like the grand paris express , pretty soon they wo n't even have that excuse . 
  and for parisians , between the a ) incredibly extensive metro b ) buses c ) bicycle service d ) electric car rental , it 's hard to find a reason to use a car anymore . 
   we must let them do things their way i have literally never heard anybody say anything like that . 
  for all the morons in this thread , the phrase `` islam of france '' is n't synonymous with `` french muslims '' or `` islam in france '' , it 's a specific term that is meant as a policy objective , that of `` an islam that would be compatible with french values and laws '' . 
  the idea of shaping an `` islam of france '' is an old one and has been proposed by literally everybody at some point in the past . 
  sarkozy was big on it too , back in the day . 
  you can now drop your `` fran\u00e7ois hollande wants teh more islam !!! 11 ! '', 
  and go back to / r/the _ donald . 
  that 's austrian humour for you . 
  and in the event , de gaulle was pretty much right , since being in the eu has brought nothing but horror on the uk , listening to him might 've spared you guys the pain of spending 40 years in the totalitarian 4th reich . 
  there 's something deliciously ironic about a tory complaining about the power of financial institutions . 
  you mean those 100 % sovereign countries that give money to the eu and have to accept a certain number of regulations to access the single market ? 
  brittany is brutal . 
  then again , i 'd feel suicidal too if it rained 365 days a year and the only recreation was alcohol and pig fucking . 
  what i support is n't relevant . 
  this is how international relations work . 
  at my individual level , of course i have no sympathy for those regimes . 
  but feelings and morals are supposed to be irrelevant in relations between states . 
  any moral spin on it is just that , spin and pr . 
  to be fair , the uk would probably pay less for an `` entry fee '' in the single market than for a full membership . 
  ah yes , nothing screams `` doing a proper day 's work '' as a career in the city . 
  not to mention michel barnier , the city 's enemy n \u00b0 1 , will be the commission 's negotiator . 
  in other words , dis gon be gud . 
  yes , that 's why i added that i 'm not for regime change , at all . 
   in the mean time they should treat it like any other member .
