  you know how they replaced the byzantine empire ? 
  what a bizarre comparison to make . 
  any kind of knowledge is important , but having some basic knowledge about the political system you live and participate in , especially in the context of a referendum about it in the near future , is n't superfluous imho . 
   do you know what to do when some elderly guy in front of you on the street suddenly collapses , his left side seems paralyzed and he seems to have trouble speaking ? 
  now that is kind of important !, 
  of course , only for that man , not you . 
  you care about people knowing how many countries there are in the eu . 
  very important !, 
  where exactly is it said that you ca n't try to know both ? 
  by your scintillating logic we should all just abandon any interest in public life because learning emergency help procedures is so important ? 
   do n't worry , you do n't . 
  you sound like a stupid a-hole ( hey , your own word ) . 
  your definition of `` elitist '' is strange . 
  i would assume useful knowledge should be the criterium . 
  what a dimwit . 
  there is no need to be insulting . 
  i do n't know where you got this idea that i think that knowing every nitty-gritty of eu oddities is the be-all and end-all of all knowledge . 
  there 's a difference between that and thinking that these questions are fairly simple . 
   asides from a fear of incompatibility , he mainly feared for a loss of french influence . 
  also because he considered the uk to be nothing more than the usa 's bridgehead in europe ~ ~ which they totally are n't ~ ~, 
  i get your meaning . 
  obviously , having some knowledge of how the eu works is much more important than being able to recite every country and their capital and whatnot . 
  however , also consider this possibility : it 's not very likely that someone who does n't know that the swiss are not part of the eu will have a decent knowledge of eu institutions ... 
  redevelopment plan for molenbeek right there , eh ? 
  most french people ( apart from those who live in strasbourg ) think everything eu related is in brussels . 
  that 's interesting . 
  in france the eu is a mandatory part of high-school history and geography classes ( even if the only thing most people learn is the successive treaties and countries joining in ) . 
  does n't seem to have had any kind of effect ... also i remember that when i was around 9 or 10 years old our teacher called in some guy to tell us all about the euro , why we were changing our currency and how everything would work . 
  i really , really do n't want to sound like an elitist a-hole , but how can anyone not know the answers to these three questions ? 
  okay , maybe the exact number of member states is n't that easy , but the other two ? 
  tl ; dr : eurobarometer did a survey where you had to say if the following statements were true or false . 
  the eu consists of 28 states . 
  the eu parliament is elected by the people . 
  switzerland is a member of the eu . 
  the uk , france and latvia were the countries with the least number of correct answers . 
  yeah , co-development of weapons definitely does happen , for example there 's the franco-german alpha jet that 's mainly used for training . 
  there 's also the eurofighter that 's developed by a bunch of european countries . 
  there are others but my memory fails me . 
  but even weapons development is also problematic , the eurofighter is a good example . 
  france wanted a multi-purpose aircraft that could also be used from an aircraft carriers , which most other european countries did n't want . 
  so in the end we split out of the eurofighter programme and developed our own fighter . 
  i pretty much agree , even though apart from the lybian absolute fuck-up we do n't really have a track record of just sending troops on a whim , but that 's a whole other debate . 
  i think that what we should have is more and better pan-european military programmes ( cost mutualisation , extended cross-training , have a few `` model '' multinational units , that sort of thing ) . 
  it 's happening in fact already - for example the new standard french weapon will be german-made . 
  i like the eu army in theory , but in practice the eu is just not united and efficient enough for it . 
  we could never have done the mali intervention in the eu framework , despite it being , imo , pretty vital in terms of defense . 
  yes . 
  an eu army is too premature - it can only exist at a much more advanced stage of european integration . 
  the question is , how much european integration do the peoples of europe want . 
  will be interesting to see how many sign up . 
  wow , what a dumb comment . 
  because `` common sense '' does n't really help with anything . 
  a national-socialist party , if you will . 
  weirdly enough the alt-righters keep saying `` the left only talks about white privilege , transgender bathrooms , and black lives matter !!!! '' . 
  then when you ask them to point out a european left wing leader who has been saying anything of the sort , they go eerily silent . 
  same thing when they say `` leftists never criticise islamism ! '', 
  : the same silence when you show them leftists have no love for radical islam either . 
  also apparently racism or sexism or homophobia do n't exist anymore . 
  [ how about this , then ? 
  ] ( http://www.globalfirepower.com/countries-listing-europe.asp )  how did the last two years go for you all ? 
  considering we led a well-executed mission in mali , another one in the central african republic and a third one in the sahel is the biggest counter-terrorism military operation , and we 're still engaged with ground forces on the mosul front , we 're pretty okay , actually . 
   when 's the last time you went to war with something that was n't a third world country ? 
  how is this even relevant ? 
  the last direct war between first world countries was world war two . 
  unless you 're still chest thumping over the falklands war , which was a ) against mighty developed nation argentina and b ) about 30 years ago , which makes it pretty irrelevant . 
  last war the uk was involved in was the iraq war , and that was such an amazing success , was n't it ? 
   who do you always call when you need help ? 
  when we have military plans we discuss them with our allies , mainly but not only germany , the usa and uk . 
  it 's called `` alliances '' , you should know , the uk is the first to volunteer anytime the usa has another retarded invasion plan somewhere . 
  also , we do n't depend on the usa or nato for our national defense - nuclear deterrence is there . 
  and our nuclear weapons ( 3rd largest stock in the world , btw ) are n't de facto controlled by the usa like the uk 's are . 
  so honestly , i do n't even know why i spent about 4 minutes trying to educate a moron . 
   he may be an incompetent buffoon but he 's also got a supporting staff that 'll keep things largely as they 've always been . 
  yeah , like [ this guy . 
  ] ( https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/trump-picks-top-climate-skeptic-to-lead-epa-transition/?wt.mc=sa_reddit-share ), 
   furthermore while you are right that the progressive politicians do not say these things because it would be political suicide , their base absolutely does . 
  look on twitter right now to see it in real time . 
  you ca n't say that and expect to be taken seriously , you know . 
  if it 's le pen vs sarkozy i 'm not voting . 
   really ? 
  the uk has the only army and defence agency worth their salt . 
  hahahaha nice one . 
   are we ignoring the pro-expansion stance the british government took ? 
  with all the new members and trade deals that the uk continually pushed for ? 
  that was obviously part of the problem . 
  nothing against our friends in eastern europe but expanding to 10 countries at once in 2004 was a surefire way to avoid any further meaningful integration . 
  back to potato farming once we successfully drive apple out of there . 
  you must have missed all of those eu structural funds , health and safety and environmental regulations , or the economic benefits of the single market . 
  ah yes , even though none of the paris attackers was a refugee . 
  all french and belgian nationals . 
  one of them did have a syrian passport ... turned out to be a forgery . 
  sorry for the narrative . 
  was watching bfm tv this morning , the reporter found this american trump supporter who happened to speak french because he had a breton mother . 
  ended his interview saying `` breizh libre ! '' . 
  very bizarre . 
  germans will be fine , there 's no real indication of a cdu collapse , is there ? 
  netherlands - i 'm not too knowledgeable on your political situation , but is n't wilders high in polling before every election ? 
  us - hahahaha we 're so fucked . 
  i do n't believe that . 
  i do acknowledge the idea that empathy is generally for immediate family and group and then social circle , but i do n't think people are fascists .
