  in paris public transportation is way more efficient than driving . 
  eh , seems you 're wrong again . 
  i found the whole freedom fries thing to be pretty funny , never found it offensive . 
   why do you think the us was trying to make france a puppet state ? 
  when like that time when the usa wanted eisenhower to be a military governor of the country , perhaps ? 
  that whole `` wallonia amended ceta '' was just pure pr from them . 
  every single `` concession '' they had was already in the treaty , the only additional thing was `` reassurances '' and whatnot . 
  so yeah , that whole thing was just a pr move . 
  have n't checked on the details of this deal , but ceta has independent and permanent judges ( instead of arbitrators ) with public hearings and right of appeal . 
  does * no-one * remember that big pr stunt where she told a crying child why germany could n't take on refugees ( before the whole crisis started and all ) ? 
  seriously ? 
  anyone ? 
   but it does n't help to integrate people if someone is in a mindset where they feel something vile like the niqab * has * to be worn , they 're well past the point where we can hope to integrate them , and they 'd be better off somewhere else . 
  just one reply and you stop all debate with a puerile retort ? 
  man , for someone who does n't have `` feels '' , you 're a bit sensitive . 
  more like the usa strong-armed renault and the like out of iran so that general motors could move in . 
  by the way , i really do n't think the usa has any lesson to give about `` murdering dictator friends '' . 
  at all . 
  also , wow , a genuine supporter of the iraq war . 
  some of you guys are still alive . 
  how are those freedom fries doing ? 
  bnp paribas and the iran automobile market are the recent ones . 
  iraq is another big one . 
  oh , yeah , you 're one of those `` i 'll come on r/europe to ask seemingly innocent questions then first chance i get i 'll start whining about how europeans hate americans '' guys . 
  ca n't think of the last time japan fucked us over anything . 
  can think of a ton of times the usa did . 
  being allies does n't mean being besties or accepting everything . 
  ttip would wreck us ( and in our case , our agriculture ) , so it 's logical that we should oppose it . 
  so where 's the guy who keeps saying that the eu is becoming an isolationist , nativist economic bloc ? 
  well , the point to look for when you 're discussing fair taxation systems is the percentage of the income , not the absolute amount paid . 
  that consumption is a much larger part of poor people 's income than rich people 's is a well-established fact , and so any tax on consumption , vat above all , is harder on poorer people . 
  even if they were , there would still be a problem . 
  politics is n't just about the technical details and policy wonkishness and all of that . 
  you need to have a vision , and to be able to express it clearly and powerfully ... and then have the sense of purpose to carry it out . 
  nowadays it just looks like we have accountants and managers , headed by pr professionals . 
  the only time i ever heard anybody mention it was from a nutjob on an internet forum , when there was a psg - barcelona match and valls said he 'd be supporting barcelona . 
  technically hollande has n't resigned , but it 's as good as . 
  compared to past pms renzi was way better and much more respected in all eu-related matters . . 
  i 've heard that the finance minister padoan might be interim pm but those are just rumours . 
  the more i learned about this referendum , the more i started to have iffy feelings about it . 
  still think having pure bicamerism is nuts though !, 
   the problem with third way was n't the policies , the ideology is still philosophical indisputable . 
  it 's been the woeful crop of politicians who have been committed to carrying it out . 
  raises an interesting question . 
  the third way is all about abandoning `` ideologies '' in favour of `` let 's do what works as fairly as possible '' . 
  but does n't that lead to the absolute supremacy of more technocratic way of doing things , a less engaging way ? 
  fran\u00e7ois mitterrand had said in private at the end of his presidency `` i am the last politician . 
  after me , there will only be accountants and managers '' . 
  well , it definitely is n't moderate liberal . 
  if it is n't hardcore , i do n't know , what would hardcore liberal be , [ somalia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qdv4sywjo0 ) ? 
  til reserving healthcare for only the worst conditions and long-term affections , cutting 100 billion euros ' worth of public spending , doing away with 500 000 civil servants , eliminating the idea of a legal working time ( which is something that has existed since * 1848 * ) , deleting taxes on the rich to raise vat to * 23.5 % * ( bearing in mind vat disproportionately hits poorer people ) ... is n't liberal at all . 
  man , i 'm as leftist as they come but the economist really is a great mag ( except whenever france is concerned ) . 
   the eu will likely make you vote again within 12 months on the same issue , similar to ireland . 
  keep voting until the result is `` correct '' . 
  please point out specifically what the eu has to do with this referendum . 
  you wo n't be able to , because the eu has nothing to do with this referendum . 
   it would also no longer vote for confidence in the government , which is probably the biggest single change . 
  honestly that 's an excellent change . 
  it 's a bit nuts to have pure bicamerism where both houses can topple the government . 
  purely economic , i 'm from an immigrant background myself . 
  they wo n't . 
  it 's a mathematical impossibility . 
  i probably will vote le pen . 
  anybody who smiles on the metro is either remembering a funny joke , a rapist or a complete weirdo . 
  2 weeks ? 
  that 's a lot . 
  we have the same poll-blocking here but it only affects the day before the vote . 
  yup , though it 'll be hard . 
  out of the two most probable candidates , one is a reactionary and a radical hardliner who wants to destroy the very principles that are at the core of our nation , and the other is marine le pen . 
  according to the polls , renzi 's going out . 
  though it seems to me the proposals are good ... this just is n't the year for reasonable political discourse . 
  lol , hollande was never a hardcore socialist . 
  the 75 % tax was n't even part of his platform initially , it came up because of the rise of leftist candidate m\u00e9lenchon . 
  hollande was always a pretry run-of-the-mill social democrat . 
  that 's what people do n't get about charlie hebdo ... sometimes it 's not about witty satire , just randomly drawing dicks everywhere . 
  poor guy , he 's now going to spend the rest of his life with a fat pension , banging julie gayet and going to the constitutional council once in a blue moon . 
  you ca n't have your big election speech be `` my enemy is the world of finance '' and then go liberal after the election . 
  also those reforms are to the benefit of economic elites more than anything else . 
  if you want to be a strawman at least try to be a good one . 
  the people who you 'd think would have a problem with a female president are voting for her . 
  apparently other interpretations say it comes from `` spear '' . 
  yeah , the only people he hates are gays civil servants and poor people . 
  thanks for this op . 
  i like randomly checking out etymology and not stopping at the superficial ( like `` france = land of the franks '' . 
  where does `` frank '' come from ?!, 
  same thing with `` india = the indus '' , but what does `` indus '' mean ? 
  oh it comes from `` sindhu '' ? 
  what does * that * mean ? 
  etc. ), 
  huh , til . 
  i 'll be voting in the first round for sure , it 's the second where i 'm on the fence . 
  what about arnac-la-poste ( swindle the postal service ) ? 
  also , [ montcuq ( pronounced like mon cul , `` my ass '' !, 
  ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xcy9z_montcuq-daniel-prevost_fun ), 
  good article , but i have to disagree about the part on economists - saying `` brexit will have bad consequences '' does n't mean `` the uk will sink to somalia levels immediately after the vote '' . 
  as both an economic leftist and a cultural progressive/leftist , i 'll probably be voting for le pen against fillon . 
  or wo n't be voting at all . 
  the fact the eu has been moving strongly on data and privacy protection legislation ( the privacy shield deal with the usa nothwithstanding ) , whereas states like the uk , france and germany have been moving towards endlessly expanding surveillance powers is a fantasy as well , i guess . 
  data protection and privacy is one of the issues where we need the eu to save us from national governments . 
  implying clinton was centre-left .
