in 2015 during the greek crisis it was already clear that france had no say anymore only source is an article that does n't actually say this . 
  also factually wrong , as hollande and sapin took the role of intermediaries between germany and greece . 
   le parisien nicolas dupont-aignan , an independent presidential candidate said hahahaha , so this article is basing itself on a fringe candidate that did like 1 % of the vote , is a deep euroskeptic and wants us to break from the eu ? 
   after greenpeace leaked secret ttip documents this week , merkel announced that she and her ministers worked to seal the ttip-treaty as soon as possible , and that she wanted europe to sign it in 2016 . 
  12 ) again paris does not carry much weight in shaping the future of europe whatsoever . 
  does the author ( i 'm not going to say journalist ) not realise that ttip will be voted by individual eu parliaments ? 
  paris very much has a say , as every other eu member . 
   while some of the france 's ruling elite are still in a state of denial and believe brussels is dependent on the elysee literally no-one believes this . 
   varoufakis quoting varoufakis , now ? 
  well well . 
  the `` franco-german couple '' is declared dead every now and then , at every political contingency . 
  do these people not realise that relationships between countries are n't only determined by here-and-now political developments but also ( and one could argue mostly ) by hard , long-term facts ? 
  look at those - economic cooperation , trade , more recently limited military cooperation , general cultural ties , * the very fact that any eu meeting is preceded by a franco-german meeting that sets the tone * . 
  in 2003 , schr\u00f6der went as far as wanting chirac to represent him at a eu summit . 
  is the franco-german relationship rocky ? 
  sure . 
  is it unbalanced ? 
  yup , right now it 's definitely slanted towards germany . 
  but eh , back in the 1990s and 2000s , it was the other way around . 
  but the general relationship wo n't stop . 
  it 's a historical choice both countries have made , and a binding one . 
  it 'd take an even more historic event to really break it . 
   why is great britain england shots fired , scots !, 
  seeing a lot of very history-minded questions from the eastern europeans . 
  they have a long memory it seems !, 
  also , russia `` forgives debts '' ? 
  [ oh sure , sure ... ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/emprunt_russe ), 
   why do french people only need ten pieces of clothing ? 
  huh ? 
  that 's diplomacy for you . 
  if countries really said what they meant , it 'd be even more of a shitstorm . 
  the finely tuned , entirely scientific method of installing a new browser , going to your local version of google , typing in `` why [ country ] is ... '' in your language and taking the first search suggestion . 
  10/10 statistical research , would recommend to nate silver, 
  just to avoid any misunderstanding , the following reasons are not necessarily my personal opinions of why turkey should or should n't be allowed in the eu , rather the most common arguments i hear about it . 
  because there are 80 million of you and it would dramatically alter the balance of power in europe . 
  that would make europe completely ungovernable . 
  because fears of immigration . 
  because then the eu would have a common border with syria . 
  because of certain , shall we say , worrying developments due to erdogan . 
  also , you 're a muslim majority country . 
  and non-white muslims at that . 
  honestly its a good one . 
  i mean , take india . 
  obviously it 's named after the river indus . 
  but what does the name * indus * mean ?? 
  what is it with slovenia and nation-states ? 
  is there a special `` nation-state building 101 : slovenia case study '' for high school students in the anglo-saxon world or what ? 
  eh , honestly i 'd say the closest europeans to japanese are the germans . 
  you know for their ... common love of order . 
  i think it 's got a lot to do with how spain implemented very progressive policies without too much of a fuss despite its image of a very catholic country . 
  i find the `` racist '' and `` xenophobic '' ones a bit weird . 
  we 're a lot of things , but honestly racist and xenophobic , not really . 
  even the national front types voters are n't exactly racist . 
  a lot of people feel our cultural policies and protection of the language is xenophobic , which is ... strange ? 
  st. patrick : `` i 've had it with these motherfucking snakes on this motherfucking island ! '', 
  so , tried it in french and i got : `` why are the french ... * hated * grouchy * bad at speaking english * racist yelp . 
  the second suggestion was portugal being poor and the others were mainly about portuguese women being hairy , so there 's that . 
  apologies , the phrase was a bit long so i just put `` war '' . 
  the actual thing asked about the balkans war . 
  keeping with the latest / r/europe trend of looking at google search suggestions , i did my own from google.fr . 
  nothing too surprising , apart from germany maybe , but there 's a logical explanation : `` germany ( or berlin ) , symbol of the cold war '' is a pretty popular baccalaureate exam topic , and is very often prepared ( generally because it 's one of the easiest ) . 
  seeing france 's reputation on reddit , you would n't think we 're popular at all . 
  `` france : why so popular '' well that 's a first, 
  do n't you guys say `` small-l liberal '' and `` big-l liberal '' to distinguish between the two ? 
   especially considering the u.s is a modern first world country . 
  i would be more worried in regards to the other free trade agreements that are being negotiated with countries that have lower standards . 
  yeeaaah ... the usa is precisely one of those countries with lower standards than the eu . 
  not sure organic companies are bigger than monsanto and the like . 
  glyphosate is cancerous according to the who . 
  so obviously the eu commission wants to renew its authorisation for 15 years . 
  how is that even remotely anti-gmo ? 
  that 's like saying labelling products for their sugar content is anti-sugar . 
  do n't people have a right to know what they 're buying ? 
  the eu commission has n't `` failed its principles '' , it has always been in the pocket of the gmo lobby . 
  the amount of shit monsanto gets away with is sickening . 
  wo n't argue there . 
  and if some of clinton 's email leaks are to be believed , sarkozy did it all to gain a few points in the polls . 
  the usa and uk 's nuclear deterrent policy is the `` nofun '' doctrine : no first use of nuclear weapons , e.g. 
  they will never initiate nuclear engagement , only as retaliation to prior nuclear attack . 
  france 's nuclear deterrent is a bit different . 
  it 's based on the following principles : - strategic independence from the usa and nato ; - france probably would not be able to hold for very long from a warsaw pact invasion because of sheer numbers ; - conquering france is n't worth losing 80 millions of your citizens . 
  so , the doctrine was massive nuclear retaliation * even if we 've only been attacked by conventional forces * . 
  oh yeah , and not military retaliation either - the nukes were pointed straight at the cities . 
  the idea was to tell the soviets : `` a single one of your troops sets foot here , we 're sending all our nukes in . 
  is the conquest of tiny france worth losing moscow , st petersburg and basically millions of russians ? '' . 
  but wait , it gets better/worse : the real smart part of french deterrent policy is that it relies on the `` one flies they all fly '' principle , which states that there is no such thing as a tactical or limited nuclear engagement - nuclear war can only ever be total , apocalyptic war . 
  so the idea was : if russia invades , we 'll send in all the nukes . 
  obviously russia retaliates with its own nuclear weapons , by which point france probably ceases to exist . 
  aha , but that forces the usa and uk to enter into the fray , and re-retaliate . 
  russia ceases to exist . 
  so , all things considered , russia does n't invade . 
  this way , we were able to mount a very effective deterrent at a fraction of the cost . 
  for example , the soviet union 's `` seven days to the rhine '' plan stopped right there at the rhine . 
  basically , through a combination of game theory and nuclear holocaust , we 've prevented a 1940 from ever happening again, 
  that 's nice , but discussion and arguments would be better . 
  to be fair they do say that `` nobody in brussels believes beata szyd\u0142o runs poland '' . 
  lawful good : angela merkel neutral good : ??? 
  chaotic good : matteo renzi lawful neutral : fran\u00e7ois hollande neutral : swiss federal council chaotic neutral : david cameron lawful evil : andrzej duda neutral evil : viktor orban chaotic evil : erdogan, 
  germany had the lead role because of its ties with ukraine . 
  france has stronger ties to russia and had that negotiating role with them .
