  also , italian unity . 
  you do n't need all 577 mps to debate and vote on most laws especially as most of the actual legislative work is done in parliamentary committees before the actual session . 
  we elect people so we have someone to hate . 
  most people on r/neoliberal support third way social liberalism and love the clintons and blair . 
  nope . 
  no no no . 
  the `` man of his time '' is just an easy excuse . 
  * even for his time * his treatment of the indians was seen as absolutely barbaric and cruel . 
  he was accused by spanish officials of being tyrannical and brutal , and isabella had his governership revoked on these gounds , and sent a guy investigating the claims . 
  tons of people witnessed that he was a maniac . 
  he was arrested and put in jail for it , for christ 's sake . 
  queen isabella actually promised good treatment of the indians , you know . 
  the spanish crown repeatedly tried to regulate the actions of the conquistadores . 
  so no , columbus was not a man of his time and we 're not judging him with today 's values . 
  he was a horrible person even by the standards of his time . 
  we wo n't hear about anything else for weeks , tons of money will be wasted , and the city will be even more full of tourists . 
  the whole thing 'll probably be lame . 
  i did n't mention policy but the * manner of governing * . 
   then clearly it 's all up for debate and it 's no longer a holy book and religion is irrelevant . 
  well , you said it first , 
  yet his way of governing was extremely gaullist , and his foreign policy was as well ( which is why we often call it * gaullo-mitterrandien * ) . 
  this . 
  so many were posting stuff like `` b-but his high school teacher !!!, 
  that 's rape/grooming/fucked up !, 
  how can you vote for him ? '', 
  and we were like `` who cares ? '', 
  and `` damn , high school teacher ? 
  nice '' . 
  everything else that does n't involve marriage . 
  some of my friends did cheat on their partners but they 're still my friends . 
  it 's their life and not mine ; it 's not my place to judge them . 
  as evidenced by , say , jfk and bill clinton vs george w. bush . 
  it 's more of a `` ha , you old dog , did n't think you had it in you !, 
  good for you man ! '', 
  type of thing . 
  imo it does n't mean that you 're a bad person per se , i know a few guys and girls who cheated and they 're great people nonetheless , i just would n't want a relationship with them . 
  smilarly we never know why people cheat and sometimes there are semi-legit reasons . 
  dat anglo-saxon puritanism . 
  any scene that allows us to see missandei 's glorious bum is a good scene in my book . 
  i 'd rather they hid their mistresses , we do n't need to know about it . 
  fake news . 
  i scored 24 points , not too bad !, 
  also question 36 is wrong , there was n't any handball at the rio olympics . 
  nope . 
  because champagne is specifically made in , y' know , champagne . 
  the rest of y' all just have sparkling wine . 
  dude , i see you in every single thread where there 's french-bashing to be done . 
  lighten up a bit , will you ? 
  there is literally no outrage . 
  le monde 's review said the film was a must-see , but its disrespect towards us was disappointing . 
  unfortunately , that does n't support your `` french people suck '' narrative . 
  not as simple as that since there 'll be judicial oversight on them , etc. 
  why are people even surprised ? 
  of course he 's going to be hated , whatever a president does , the point of having one is to hate him . 
  we love kings and we love cutting their head off . 
  a part of their revenue is from local taxes , however local taxes are strictly regulated , the local tax base is determined nationally and local government can only act on the tax rate . 
  most of the rest of the revenue comes from the state . 
  we 're not a federal government . 
  well , the british empire declared war in 1914 over belgium , not us . 
  i mean , on the one hand it was a dick move , on the other hand it makes the anglo-saxons pissed off so i ca n't be against it . 
  it 's an immature concept of what an alliance is . 
  allies means cooperating because there 's a shared interest and/or when there 's a direct threat . 
  not joining in idiotic wars `` because freedumb lol '' . 
  that 's ... very stupid . 
  so you 're saying ... there is a chance ? 
  mfw the nords are actually milk drinkers, 
  yes , but i do n't see how that 's relevant , he mentioned  advanced , western free and democratic nation , 
  i much prefer * summertime * by pollock . 
  * us on this thread * `` france baise ouais stronkest country long live emperor macron i '' * us on the r/france thread * `` what a completely dumb and stupid study , in reality we should be 68th , behind burundi '' . 
   were we wrong to think that when the president of france literally vetoed our application twice ? 
   and should have vetoed it a third and fourth time as well . 
  this is what brexiters actually believe . 
  a government does n't exist to protect a certain ethnic group , it exists to protect the rights of individuals who are citizens ( and i dare you to find me any democracy where citizenship is legally and constitutionaly defined in ethnic terms only ) . 
  discussing immigration policy is one thing , but arguing for the abandonment of civil rights , liberties , the rule of law , etc. 
  in the pursuit of some policy is a tad insane . 
  not to mention the inherent contradiction in abandoning democratic and liberal values to fight people who , in your own view , hate those values . 
  you say the rule of law and due process hinders the protection of a people ? 
  take away presumption of innocence . 
  see how the people will really be protected that way . 
  ( i 'm not even going to try to argue on the success of the likes of erdogan or modi ) . 
  but you know , all of that is sort of beside the point . 
  you may not believe in liberal democracy , hell all of eastern europe may not believe in it ( which is what you say , i seriously doubt it ) , but the fact of the matter is , those are the principles that the eu is built upon , and if a country wants to be in the club , they have to abide by them . 
  nobody 's forcing anyone to stay . 
  incidentally , compare crime levels and the like in stronk russia and weak homogay western europe . 
  why are we so much better in that respect , if your ideas are right ? 
  i 'll just add this . 
  a century ago there were only a handful of liberal democracies in europe , and the rest were authoritarian regimes . 
  see which one has survived . 
  quite literally the road to fascism . 
  supreme court justices are appointed for life and ca n't be removed . 
  what , seriously ? 
  they actually fell for it ? 
  oh well , they wo n't be here long . 
  yeah , quite a few actually , most recently * la rafle * . 
  well , generally speaking , the films we do make dealing with wars are pretty self-critical ( the one i quoted is about mutinous soldiers , there 's * indig\u00e8nes * which is about arab and african soldiers in wwii and their treatment , before that there was * la bataille d'alger * about the algerian war which was incredibly critical , that sort of thing ) . 
  a * saving private ryan * type film about , say , verdun , would probably be poorly received . 
  in terms of tv series we do have a great one about napoleon and * un village fran\u00e7ais * about wwii . 
  meh , it 's the anglos , of course they 'll always do that . 
  ca n't expect the english and the americans to like us . 
  if we want accurate films about our history we should just do them ourselves ( which we wo n't , since filmmakers here will rather do avant garde or philosophical films , heh ) .
