  tax fraud is certainly a huge no-no , but corruption in general ... eeeeeh . 
  one of our politicians , patrick balkany ( right-wing , mp and mayor of levallois ) is basically a meme because he 's comically corrupt but nothing ever happens to him and he keeps getting re-elected . 
  lots of examples like that . 
  mainstream socialist , really . 
  i 've always heard it used ironically , because in 2003 , donald rumsfeld ( us defense secretary ) said that countries like france , germany that opposed the iraq war were just `` old europe '' as opposed to all the `` new europe '' countries in the east that followed the us . 
  my favourite is n't about a european country but about canada . 
  canada is a country that could have had english culture , french food and american technology . 
  instead they ended up with american culture , english food and french technology . 
  bit exagerated to have her resign for drinking two glasses of wine and driving . 
  apart from serious crimes , i do n't really think there 's many cases of politicians having to resign on moral grounds . 
  spanish and italian , because they 're easier . 
  but yeah , in theory there are no `` elite '' classes . 
  in practice if you take latin ( or even better , greek ) and german you 're pretty sure to get into a class of bright students . 
  also in the * lyc\u00e9e * you choose your specialisation : s ( scientific ) , es ( economy and social studies ) and l ( literature ) . 
  however it 's a bit skewed as l students have barely any scientific classes , whereas s students also sit through french , history , geography , and philosophy . 
  which leads most people to believe s is the elite . 
  there 's a fun joke about it , too , the cardboard box theory : s students design the cardboard box , es students sell it , l students sleep in it . 
  do n't forget to bring your sister along , if you want to integrate in the northern culture . 
  sexually repressed yeah , but i never heard about the bdsm one . 
  sadly that stereotype is slowly being replaced by a new one among the `` lads '' types , that english girls are easy . 
  erm , the only time in living memory england has beaten france , they needed a friggin ' terrorist attack to pull it off . 
  our footballing rivalry is with italy and germany , definitely not england , which in footballing terms is ... you know ... 
  the one thing i hate about tourists is when they feel they 're entitled , and act like they 're a god 's gift when they come and we should all bend backwards for their comfort . 
  fuck that . 
  first off , this is n't an open air musuem , it 's a living city . 
  second , they 're coming here , so they should do the effort of at least learning a few words , not dressing like they came out of the trailer park , not speaking so loudly , etc. 
  mate , sorry to say this but i 'd hate to see where you 're from if you think paris is clean !, 
  joking actually , the city 's biggest problem is the fucking dog shit , because dog owners are entitled little cunts that let their dog shit anywhere and then do n't bother picking anything up . 
  l'obs did a special edition on this some time ago , and they got a lot of flak from psychoanalysts who accused them of being shills for the pharmaceutical lobby . 
  the fact that psychoanalysis has so much sway here baffles me honestly . 
  i mean , it has been shown that cbt works much , much better against , say , autism , but noooo , i guess discussing with your patient if he 'd like to fuck his mother is more helpful . 
  there 're one or two neat american style `` diners '' in paris , called `` breakfast in america '' . 
  i think they were started by some expat students or something . 
  basically burgers , eggs , fries , nuggets , pancakes and coca-cola . 
  they 're pretty popular though , since it 's like eating at mcdonald 's , only not shoving mouthfuls of cancer down your gullet . 
  yeah . 
  the one food thing where the british have us beat is breakfast . 
  good lord the full english breakfast is delicious . 
  probably the pacific northwest , if only because of twin peaks . 
  uruguay seems really nice as well . 
  coffee and cigarette . 
  funny origin , because `` mon beauf ' '' is slang for `` mon beau-fr\u00e8re '' , e.g. 
  my brother-in-law . 
  so it 's basically a reference to a philistine , racist , uncultured member of the family , often your brother-in-law ( an equivalent to the racist uncle meme ) . 
  it was popularised by cabu , of charlie hebdo fame . 
  piss directly in the water when at home , but on the bowl when visiting . 
   what is your favorite football club ? 
  montpellier ( or , for the full name , montpellier h\u00e9rault sporting club ) . 
   how many games do you go to per year ? 
  i do n't live in the city anymore ( and have n't for some time ) but i would try to go for the big games at least . 
   do you have a favorite supporter chant ? 
  ( yep !, 
  it 's one that shows the very peculiar nature of montpellier as a city , which was always very multicultural , with sizable spanish , gypsy , italian , arab and pied noir communities . 
   how heated is your biggest rivalry ? 
  with n\u00eemes , the neighboring city , it 's pretty heated , but a bit non-existent since they 're in the lower leagues and do n't bother us anymore . 
  there 's a friendly relationship with olympique marseille ( as in , we generally support them but are very happy to beat them ) . 
   would you feel safe wearing your team 's jersey alone in your rival team 's city/territory ? 
  mate i would n't feel safe in n\u00eemes period . 
  the city is 50 % petty criminals and 50 % neo-nazi sympathisers . 
   for those who support mid and low-finishing teams : do you get sick of seeing the same 2-3 teams win your country 's title every year ? 
  do fans celebrate things like getting 6th place ( or not getting relegated ) if their team normally does much worse ? 
  funny one because we actually did a leicester before it was cool and were champions some years back , with players like olivier giroud , younes belhanda , karim a\u00eft fana , mapou yanga mbiwa ... and the best part is we did it against fucking psg with their massive stash of slave-economy terrorism-funding qatari money . 
  accurate stereotypes : all of them . 
  inaccurate stereotypes : all of them . 
  yes , the west really hates you and does n't give a shit about you . 
  clearly , that 's why [ 180 billion $ ] ( https://assets.kpmg.com/content/dam/kpmg/pdf/2016/06/eu-funds-in-central-and-eastern-europe.pdf ) - almost totally from the western european countries - has been pumped into the east via various eu funds since 2007 . 
  only the nice attack can be safely regarded as a `` lone wolf '' attack , and even that guy had accomplices . 
  the mohamed merah attacks , charlie hebdo , 13th november , all of those were carried out by well organised cells of people that had trained and sometimes been supplied from syria . 
  this is the most fucking hilarious discussion i 've ever seen on reddit . 
  one thing i never understand on some of these comments about terrorist attacks - it 's always `` yeah it would n't have happened if they had guns to defend themselves ! '' . 
  um , yeah , so take the bataclan for example . 
  what kind of a nutjob would go to a concert with a fucking gun ? 
  take the worst shootings in the usa in recent memory , orlando and sandy hook . 
  again , who would take a gun to a nightclub ? 
  and should kids and teachers have weapons too ? 
  they should be allowed , since they 're not proven harmful i believe . 
  i just think organic tastes better so i stick with that . 
  very very secular . 
  it dates back to our 1905 law on * la\u00efcit\u00e9 * ( an un-translateable word that 's sort of a mix of secularism , separation of church and state , and religious neutrality ) . 
  it 's a very deep part of our identity by now . 
  we generally do n't like religious politicians , none of our presidents showed their religion ( except sarkozy because he crossed himself once in public and visited the pope , and he was pretty vilified for that for a bit ) , the words `` jesus '' and `` god '' a pretty much absent from any random political speech . 
  in general that 's one of the reasons we poke fun at the usa . 
  in our eyes , in some cases you 're really not that far off from being a theocracy . 
  statistics about religion are n't very helpful because though a slim majority identifies as catholic , the proportion of catholics who identify as `` practising catholics '' is very , very low . 
  your average catholic here probably says he 's catholic because his parents baptised him and he went to communion and goes to the church once in a blue moon and that 's that . 
  atheism is definitely on the rise , agnosticism very much so . 
  the mentality of * la\u00efcit\u00e9 * is very deep , and people generally do n't or wo n't mention their religion . 
  it 's a very `` your religion is your private matter , so it belongs in your home , not in public '' . 
  as you can imagine , or indeed as you can see from current events , this goes in direct clash with islam . 
  i 'm not enough of an expert to say whether on the whole younger generations of muslims are more or less secular . 
  i mean , i know quite a few very secular muslims , but we 're also seeing pretty stark examples of violent radicalisation . 
  a few things that separate our brand of secularism from anywhere else , except maybe pre-erdogan turkey : - the usa has `` separation of church and state '' , but it 's a very different meaning . 
  in the usa , it 's supposed to protect religious freedom from government intrusion . 
  in our case , it 's to protect the government from religion , so to speak . 
  - absolute state neutrality in religion . 
  this means that if you 're a civil servant or you work in any branch of government , you do *** not *** show your religion . 
  at all . 
  ever . 
  in any way possible . 
  this has , of course , had its problems with muslim women wearing veils or sikh men wearing turbans .
