  but it has n't been `` adressed '' . 
  it still exists , and will continue to exist . 
   you view as class struggle . 
  they just view it as a better deal for them . 
  implying that it is class struggle is implying that the businesses cares about the class issue while addressing and pushing for such regulations . 
  self interest is not class interest . 
  they do n't * have * to view it as class struggle ( though some certainly do , warren buffett for example ) . 
  workers or businesses wanting a better deal for themselves * is * , in a marxist analysis , class struggle . 
  that 's what you 're refusing to understand . 
  i 'm not saying it 's true , i 'm not a marxist . 
  i 'm simply trying to do away with a common misconception . 
   progressives in the us took another path . 
  they viewed class struggle as a problem and not a reality . 
  and they though that the betterment of institution would lead to the reduction of that phenomenon . 
  [ here ] are the eleanor roosevelt papers project from george washington university . 
  it is for pretty good work on progressivism . 
  and as we all know and can see , they were 100 % successful and there 's no more social conflict in the usa . 
  right . 
  so how about that passage in marx 's writings where he talks about setting up gulags ? 
  the materialist concept of history , commodity fetishism , alienation , etc. 
  are n't `` valuable ideas '' ? 
  on the other hand , some people have said the marginal revolution in economics was an answer to the marxist challenge . 
  agree on the rest though . 
  okay , i 'll try this a third time . 
   the `` us vs them '' notion that you describe here is rooted in conflict . 
  are you saying social conflict - whatever nature that conflict has , be it organised , peaceful , violent , whatever - does n't exist in the usa , australia , etc. 
  because that 's just extremely naive . 
   for some reason you think that unions do n't push for deregulation or that big companies do n't push for government protection . 
  you have a very black and white view of things . 
  i never said that . 
  i just have a few examples . 
  again , when big companies push for government protection ... that is also class struggle . 
   while there are richer and poorer people that does n't mean there has to be conflict or advances of one class against the other . 
  so why do unions in the usa try to negotiate for better pay ? 
  why did australians march in big rallies against the workchoices law in 2005 ? 
  why do big companies lobby governments and lawmakers for their own interests ? 
  why do labour unions exist ? 
  you have a very one-sided view of `` conflict '' . 
  in a social term , `` conflict '' does n't mean , bitter , violent , hateful struggle . 
  it 's much larger than that and incorporates many kinds of social actions . 
   the americans for instance addressed these issues via progressivism . 
  pushing for the betterment of institutions in order to avoid class struggle which they saw as a problem not a reality that we have to accept . 
  ... again , refer to what i said above . 
  in a society with classes , you can not avoid class struggle . 
  however , class struggle takes many more forms than you think . 
  i 'd argue the one thing marx got very wrong was the belief in `` rational organisation of production '' , which he ( but he was n't the only one at the time . 
  post-enlightenment thinking had a strong belief in rational organisation , stemming from the works of saint-simon , who influenced not only marx but a whole lot of people , from progressives to proto-fascists ) thought would work better than capitalism and its `` anarchic and contradictory production '' . 
  of course , markets simply work better than `` rational organisation '' . 
  that 's the absolute major mistake . 
  the second one , somewhat linked , is the teleological aspect - that the movement of history has a direction and a meaning . 
  thus , it is * historically necessary * for history to set out on a path . 
  then again , that was also a major concern in european thought at the time , starting out with hegel . 
  and as late as the 1990s , people like fukuyama declared that history was now over . 
  you 're not understanding what the concept of `` class struggle '' is . 
  it is not something marx advocates * for * , rather , it is something that , in his analysis , he finds * happens * in every society . 
  `` class struggle '' does n't mean `` violent , revolutionary urges '' . 
  the term might be a bit misleading . 
  it 's , to put it simply , the social process by which social groups - determined by their place regarding the dominant means of production - try to maintain , better , or take , position in the social order . 
  when workers organise into unions to demand better pay , it is class struggle . 
  when companies lobby the government to relax certain labour regulations , it is also class struggle . 
  all of this is perfectly peaceful , lawful , and happens everyday in your cherished anglo-saxon societies . 
  a perfectly pacifist society also would have `` class struggle '' . 
  a radically egalitarian one as well . 
  in fact , part of post-1930s marxist thought was to analyse the soviet union through the lense of class struggle - in trotsky 's analysis , the soviet union was `` monopolist state capitalism '' , dominated by the `` class '' of party apparatchiks . 
  the only society in which there is no class struggle is a society with no social classes , basically . 
  i 'd say women 's and gender studies - which i do n't think are unfortunate but eh - are more influenced by post - marxist and especially post-modernist thinkers . 
  i think michel foucault would be the real inspirator ( and again , foucault 's a brilliant thinker as well ) . 
  the `` class struggle '' as marx describes it is n't something to be organised or advocated , but a social process that just exists . 
  * the history of all existing society is the history of class struggle * . 
  it 's the basis of the materialist concept of history - that history is moved forward by social classes determined by their place with regards to the means of production . 
  thus feudalism as an economic mode of production led to the domination of the land-owning aristocracy , slavery was the domination of the slave-owners , imperial china was the domination of the mandarin bureaucracy , and capitalism is when those who hold industrial capital - the bourgeoisie - dominate . 
  and the dominant group or groups seek to keep power away from dominated groups . 
  these try to take power or at least better their situation . 
  it 's not a light read at all . 
  it 's a heavy , ponderous analysis of capitalism . 
  i 'd recommend reading marx 's historical works , such as the 18th brumaire of louis bonaparte and the civil war in france . 
  both are brilliant works on current affairs of the time . 
  also check out the manuscripts of 1844 where marx talks about alienation . 
  they 're pretty powerfully written . 
  they 're called `` social sciences '' . 
  marx has been massively influential in the study of history , sociology , anthropology , etc. 
  yeah they never really went into it beyond a few short statements : a society organised by the rational organisation of production ( which is one of marx 's true failings ) , founded on the principle `` from each according to his ability to each according to his needs '' ( social security works this was ) . 
  the communist manifesto has a short passage where they give a few policies to be enacted for the transition - but in the preface to the 1872 edition they do say that it 's obsolete given capitalism 's new development ) . 
  partly it 's because marx 's obsession was to really analyse capitalism , and partly because marx believed the workers themselves , would be the ones to determine how society should work . 
  nah , it definitely was n't just a kid 's film . 
  tons of good jokes for everyone . 
  and as someone who was a pre-teen when i saw it , definitely nothing confusing about monica bellucci !, 
  when you read stuff like * the civil war in france * and * critique of the gotha programme * , yeah , he definitely would not have been a fan of stalin . 
  literally nothing to do with das kapital since its an analysis of capitalism , and not at all a programme on what a communist society would look like . 
  if the renegotiation does n't work , then he will call a referendum to leave . 
  and yet last year france and germany wanted to force encryption backdoors , and some time before that our minister of the interior wanted to ban tor . 
  the uk will do okay despite brexit because a ) they 'll be easier to sign trade deals with b ) they 're okay with giving out sweetheart deals to corporations and business c ) they might go the `` tax haven '' route , with the serious proposition of a 10 % corporate tax and d ) they can rely on the usa , or at least align their interests on those of the usa . 
  none of that is realistically feasible here . 
  nor would it be particularly desirable for most of us . 
  his program is renegotiating all european treaties and disobeying the european court of justice . 
  the first is impossible and the second is a blatant disregard for our constitutional principles . 
  so we 'll have to go through a frexit referendum , and because people are idiots we 'll probably be out . 
  which will mean the terminal death of the eu , and for france , well...843-2017 rip , it 's been a good run guys . 
  i find it interesting that the etymology of `` europe '' is still pretty disputed . 
  most probable is that it comes from the phoenician * ereb * , sunset .
