  polls are saying alain jupp\u00e9 ( much more moderate and pro-european ) will be in front , but primaries are not won with polls but with those who will actually vote , e.g. 
  the right-wing people . 
  and those are kinda swayed by the core party members , which are pretty much fanatically pro-sarkozy . 
  also of note is that all the other contenders have talked about economical reforms , but sarkozy has stayed on identity politics ( as we can see here ) . 
  i 'll be betting on sarkozy . 
  * paris !, 
  paris bris\u00e9 !, 
  paris martyris\u00e9 !, 
  mais paris ... lib\u00e9r\u00e9 !, 
  * also , a note that never fails to move me : the first allied troops to enter paris was the 9th company of the * r\u00e9giment de marche tchadien * , nicknamed * la nueve * because it was mainly composed of spanish republican volunteers , survivors of the spanish civil war , with the names of republican victories in that war written on their tanks . 
  these guys saw their homeland fall to fascism and got right back at fighting it . 
  sarkozy probably did n't know what a burkini was 2 weeks ago . 
  he promised to roll back gay marriage a year ago , now he never mentions it . 
  back in 2012 he started a big scandal about `` halal meat '' everywhere . 
  other major urban centers such as lyon and bordeaux do n't yet have the same economic power as , say , the greater manchester region . 
  also , paris concentrates almost all major companies ' hqs , not to mention has [ la d\u00e9fense ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/la_d%c3%a9fense ) . 
  finally because our economy is much more `` socialist '' , and the government offices are all in paris , that helps too . 
  democracy does n't mean demagoguery . 
  if the people want to , for example , end the rule of law , or severely restrict some groups ' rights , or whatever , then fuck the people . 
  1990s : `` we need cameras everywhere or we wo n't be able to stop terrorism ! '', 
  * terrorism happens * 2000s : `` we need to be able to put everyone under surveillance or we wo n't be able to stop terrorism ! '', 
  * terrorism happens * 2010s : `` we need to ban encryption or we wo n't be able to stop terrorism ! '', 
  * terrorism probably still happens * 2020s : `` we need to put a camera inside every home or we wo n't be able to stop terrorism ! '', 
  * terrorism probably still happens * 2030s : oceania has always been at war with eastasia . 
  always . 
  wrongthink is doubleplus ungood . 
  they did ask apple to write a backdoor in their own encryption . 
  which was apparently useless because they got into the phone anyway . 
  i feel that was mostly about setting a precedent . 
  hon hon hon , is of genius plan !, 
  a friend ( from alsace , no less ! ), 
  once told me `` the history of the world is a long conflict between civilisation and germany . 
  from the time of the barbarian invasions to the european union '' . 
  i 'm still wondering if he was serious or not . 
  fuck 's sake , i disagree with absolutely every word , but it 's utterly stupid to downvote him for his non-homophobic opinion . 
  the uk was never `` dragged '' into a political union . 
  it voted to enter one out of its own free will . 
  sorry if your politicians told you otherwise in the 70s and if nobody actually bothered to read the rome treaty and the * `` ever closer union '' * written neatly at the top . 
  then british elected politicians kept signing and ratifying every single other treaty , from the single act , to the very political maastricht treaty . 
  so really , you were n't dragged in screaming and kicking . 
  i had the misfortune of having to come back around the 18th from my vacation , it was really more empty than usual . 
  and let me tell you , paris without tourists and without parisians is great . 
  shame i had to walk for a mile to find a proper baguette , but eh . 
  he 's not an anarcho-capitalist , but he 's most definitely a very neo-liberal guy wrapping that around some nice rhetoric . 
  polls this far out are completely meaningless . 
  polls around this period last election showed le pen would do 25 % and m\u00e9lenchon would do 3 % . 
  they ended up with 18 % and 11 % . 
  so yeah . 
  you 've got the choice between a disaster of an incumbent , a corrupt ex-president who 's going full trump , a racist and a venezuela-loving communist . 
  joy . 
  that 's assuming they really seriously think that the eu can be compared to the usa and china in the medal table . 
  i thought of it as a joke celebrating european countries ' success , i fell like it 's just that . 
  it 's really stupid , because there 's nothing that can showcase your country to the world as sports . 
  china 's rise in the world and its rise in the olympics are almost completely parallel . 
  the former soviet states used the olympics to show how the `` superior '' communist regime fostered such wondrous athletes . 
  the uk 's success in 2012 and 2016 really feeds into the whole `` a country that can punch well above its weight '' narrative . 
  nobody 's really going to get excited by scores of engineers and silicon valley ceos ... 
   in the euros did ~ ~ paedo ~ ~ europhiles omg so witty, 
  yeah , i probably did n't use it in the proper sociological sense . 
   we ca n't get rid of a terrorist because he might suffer in another country that he 's killed innocent people in . 
  who gives a fuck ? 
  i hope they cut his knob off . 
  justice is n't blind vengeance . 
  at the end of the day , even terrorists have some basic rights left . 
  breivik , for example , had the right to a trial and all . 
  and he should . 
  it 's pretty scary if states can decide to strip a person of his rights outright , however shitty that person may be . 
  the slippery slope is there . 
  yeah , of course , i definitely agree with that , but even if you had relatively socially mixed schools ( as i 'm sure there are in the uk !, 
  ) , uniforms do n't really help to do away with social stigma . 
  there 'll always be that kid with the dirtier uniform , or with the funny accent , or whatever . 
  considering how all western countries are going , especially on stuff like digital privacy and internet surveillance , we 're all going down that slide . 
  also we 're seeing a bit of the anti-echr `` backlash '' here , among populist politicians . 
  i mean i never thought i 'd ever read this , but * le monde * had a headline after the murder of that priest that was `` the rule of law at the heart of the polemic '' . 
  like , wtf . 
  the uk has uniforms at school . 
  does n't exactly not have social class segregation . 
  how dare they celebrate the success of european athletes !, 
   we could n't extradite abu qatada to jordan for terrorist offenses . 
  the echr gave no reason . 
  they are not even accountable . 
  need to go . 
  i had read a bit about this case and they did n't give absolutely no reason . 
  it was pretty much because extraditing someone , even a suspected terrorist , to a country where they will almost certainly get tortured or even killed is pretty much contrary to the european convention on human rights . 
  once the uk and jordan agreed that he would not be tortured in jordan , he was promptly extradited . 
  this kinda bothers me . 
  the entire point of human rights is that they 're universal and apply to all humans . 
  some special rights apply only to citizens of a country , but that 's about it . 
  there 's a reason it was called `` the rights of man '' and not `` the rights of englishmen/frenchment/americans '' ... 
  there 's also the idea that the olympics is not supposed to be about countries vs countries but individual athletes ( which is why there 's no official medal table ) . 
  i 've noticed indians pull the genetics thing every time when the country 's poor performance in sports is mentioned . 
  even in cricket , they suffer from a chronic lack of good fast bowlers ( whereas pakistan is renowned for its lethal fast bowlers ) and they pin it on `` because we 're hindus and therefore vegetarians '' . 
  noooo , the fact that sports in india are all managed by politics rather than any kind of athletic merit , that culturally sports are looked down upon , that many promising youngsters are pushed by their families and all to go into engineering instead is n't a factor at all . 
  not to mention the great unmentionable of women 's status . 
  sania mirza , the greatest tennis player india produced , was criticised for everything from the length of her tennis skirt to her general bad influence on the youth . 
  so if you want to be an athlete , you 're told to shut up and go study it , if you 're a woman it 's going to be double trouble , and if you make it past that , welcome to poor infrastructure , bad coached and a lifetime of playing the politics game , where you have to be nice to some guy because he 's the nephew of the minister of agriculture or something . 
  genetics are a factor , but come on . 
  26 medals all time is shockingly bad . 
  great game by the danes . 
  well , * les experts * 's reign had to end someday .
