  * germans : sandals and socks . 
  really guys . 
  also german arrogance in football is incredibly annoying , the amount of germans that thought they were somehow entitled to the last euros was amazing , as well as the absolute salt over on r/soccer ( and casual racism ) . 
  thankfully , [ we can all laugh at this ] ( http://static.lexpress.fr/medias_11001/w_900,h_503,c_crop,x_0,y_453/w_640,h_360,c_fill,g_north/v1467882408/une-france-allemagne_5632911.jpg ) . 
  * switzerland : tax haven * luxembourg : tax haven * belgium : molenbeek * spain : nah , you guys are cool , though where i come from in france there 's a massive spanish expat community ( mostly descended from republican refugees ) and they brought bull-fighting and corrida with them , which is something i hate . 
  * italy : 2006 world cup rightful french cup , gib . 
  * uk : we 're only talking about european neighbours , right ? 
  sure !, 
  actually , there are two books that i 'd recommend that complement each other very well . 
  * john julius norwich 's * a short history of byzantium * , which is a political history of the emperors and their deeds . 
  originally it was published in 3 volumes , but this is a condensed , one-volume edition . 
  i have n't read the 3-volume one ... 
  in any case , it 's easy to read , and norwich is a great writer , who really brings the people he 's writing about to life ( it 's amazing that some emperors , such has heraclius or basil ii , are so unknown , despite being amazingly badass and deserving a seat at the same table as julius caesar , trajan , hadrian , justinian , etc. ), 
  * judith herrin 's * byzantium : the surprising life of a medieval empire * , which does n't do a simple , chronological history , but actually looks at different subjects , for example one chapter is about women in byzantine society , another is more about art and architecture , etc. 
  it 's a glimpse into byzantine culture and what their daily lives looked like . 
  argh i hate that as well . 
  so much . 
  at this same previous job , one of my co-workers was sick , not just a cold , but really not feeling well , and she kept on working ( inefficiently , because she was , you know , sick ) . 
  i was talking with my ( shitty ) boss , and he tells me `` look at her , sick but she keeps working . 
  that 's a great attitude , she 's a killer '' . 
  i also read articles about `` vacation guilt '' . 
  i literally ca n't even . 
  what is wrong with people, 
  the history of the byzantine empire is one of my fave subjects , and i 'm interested in ottoman history as well . 
  that and everyone keeps saying how beautiful the city is . 
  once things have calmed down in turkey i 'd gladly visit . 
  not specific to my field of work , but the culture of `` presenteism '' in the workplace here is horrible - show your dedication to your job by staying late , even if you have nothing to do . 
  my previous job 's hours were 9am to 7pm . 
  i got told off by my boss because i used to leave at 7pm sharp , having finished my work for the day ... 
  meanwhile i hear in other countries it 's actually bad form to stay late , because it shows you could n't organise your workload efficiently . 
  meh , i do n't like them either but generally anything goes . 
  i mean , [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/biausabku3c ) is hilarious . 
  we laugh at ourselves a lot . 
  it 's a huge part of our humour . 
  anybody else does it , though ... 
  the volume level . 
  also when wives and girlfriends drool over the national team 's nude calendar when it comes out . 
  do n't get me wrong , i do too . 
  `` the world will be free when the last king will be hanged with the entrails of the last pope '', 
   i think at football we are still up there . 
  we have some good young players , but we always seem to underperform ) at major tournaments . 
  when you keep underperforming , and you get spanked by iceland and costa rica , it 's just that they 're not that good . 
  football , especially with the endless supply of young talents we seem to have at the moment . 
  handball - the current team is widely regarded as the finest handball team ever . 
  rugby - i do n't really follow it but apparently we 're not too bad . 
  funny that william preferred to be called the bastard rather than the conqueror !, 
  there 's one intensely badass one for isabella of france , who was queen of england and wife of edward ii , and who was so notoriously cold-hearted and ruthless her nickname in england was * the she-wolf of france * . 
  hey wait ... some of those names sound familiar ... *** carolingian empire stronk !, 
  iirc le hutin means more like `` the enraged one '' and philippe v was the long ? 
  guess that 's what happens when you do n't click links !, 
  interesting , what about cavour ? 
  charles de gaulle is n't father of the nation , but he always tops every poll about `` greatest frenchman ever '' , way ahead of napoleon or any of the kings . 
  in a strictly historical sense you could say clovis , the first rex francorum and the reason why all our kings are called louis . 
  but no one `` reveres '' him . 
  you kind of forgot fran\u00e7ois fillon , the epitome of christian hypocrisy . 
  charles de gaulle , the appeal of june 18th , 1940 :  the leaders who , for many years , have been at the head of the french armies have formed a government . 
  this government , alleging the defeat of our armies , has made contact with the enemy in order to stop the fighting . 
  it is true , we were , we are , overwhelmed by the mechanical , ground and air forces of the enemy . 
  infinitely more than their number , it is the tanks , the aeroplanes , the tactics of the germans which are causing us to retreat . 
  it was the tanks , the aeroplanes , the tactics of the germans that surprised our leaders to the point of bringing them to where they are today . 
   `` but has the last word been said ? 
  must hope disappear ? 
  is defeat final ? 
   `` believe me , i who am speaking to you with full knowledge of the facts , and who tell you that nothing is lost for france . 
  the same means that overcame us can bring us victory one day . 
  for france is not alone !, 
  she is not alone !, 
  she is not alone !, 
  she has a vast empire behind her . 
  she can align with the british empire that holds the sea and continues the fight . 
  she can , like england , use without limit the immense industry of the united states . 
   `` this war is not limited to the unfortunate territory of our country . 
  this war is not over as a result of the battle of france . 
  this war is a world war . 
  all the mistakes , all the delays , all the suffering , do not alter the fact that there are , in the world , all the means necessary to crush our enemies one day . 
  vanquished today by mechanical force , in the future we will be able to overcome by a superior mechanical force . 
  the fate of the world depends on it . 
   `` i , general de gaulle , currently in london , invite the officers and the french soldiers who are located in british territory or who might end up here , with their weapons or without their weapons , i invite the engineers and the specialised workers of the armament industries who are located in british territory or who might end up here , to put themselves in contact with me . 
   `` whatever happens , the flame of the french resistance must not be extinguished and will not be extinguished . 
  tomorrow , as today , i will speak on the radio from london [ charles de gaulle on the liberation of paris ] ( http://www.charles-de-gaulle.org/pages/l-homme/dossiers-thematiques/1944-1946-la-liberation/de-gaulle-et-la-liberation/documents/video-et-son--paris-libere-discours-de-l-hotel-de-ville-du-25-aout-1944.php ) ; especially this part :  paris !, 
  paris outraged!paris broken !, 
  paris martyred !, 
  but paris liberated !, 
  the tennis court oath , june 20th , 1789 :  `` the national assembly , considering that it has been summoned to establish the constitution of the kingdom , to effect the regeneration of public order , and to maintain the true principles of monarchy ; that nothing can prevent it from continuing its deliberations in whatever place it may be forced to establish itself ; and , finally , that wheresoever its members are assembled , there is the national assembly ... it decrees that all members of this assembly shall immediately take a solemn oath not to separate , and to reassemble wherever circumstances require , until the constitution of the kingdom is established and consolidated upon firm foundations ; and that , the said oath taken , all members and each one individually shall ratify this steadfast resolution by signature . '' the real badass part arrives later , when messengers from the king come tell them to stop their shenanigans and mirabeau tells them `` go tell your master that we are here by the will of the people , and shall only leave by the strength of bayonets ! '' . 
  [ dominique de villepin , at the un security council ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rnxu-tn8qnc ) in 2003 , about the iraq war , in retrospect , 100 % correct and visionary :  mr. president , to those who are wondering in anguish when and how we are going to cede to war , i would like to tell them that nothing , at any time , in this security council , will be done in haste , misunderstanding , suspicion or fear . 
   in this temple of the united nations , we are the guardians of an ideal , the guardians of a conscience . 
  the onerous responsibility and immense honor we have must lead us to give priority to disarmament in peace . 
   this message comes to you today from an old country , france , from an old continent like mine , europe , that has known wars , occupation and barbarity . 
  a country that does not forget and knows everything it owes to the freedom-fighters who came from america and elsewhere . 
  and yet has never ceased to stand upright in the face of history and before mankind . 
  faithful to its values , it wishes resolutely to act with all the members of the international community . 
  it believes in our ability to build together a better world . 
  my favourite , from my favourite politician ever , and sad there 's no english translation : [ robert badinter , then minister of justice , speech about the abolition of the death penalty ] ( http://www.lefigaro.fr/politique/le-scan/2014/04/08/25001-20140408artfig00067-le-discours-de-badinter-sur-la-peine-de-mort.php ) . 
  just that first line ... * `` i have the honour , in the name of the government of the republic , of asking the national assembly the abolition of the death penalty in france '' * . 
  edit : okay a few other ones . 
  saint-just , nicknamed the archangel of revolution ( and sometimes the archangel of terror ) had this for the trial of louis xvi in 1792 :  judging a king as a citizen !, 
  this will amaze our cold posterity . 
  judging is applying the law . 
  a law is a pact of justice : what pact is there between mankind and kings ? 
  what do louis and the french people have in common , that he should be well treated after his treason ?
