  you ca n't beat the inbred habsburg look : https://www.google.fr/search?q=habsburg+face&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=868&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjkzmpk0pzlahxb1xqkhey6aoiq_auibigb other than that , i always found them to be very shrewd diplomats and cunning administrators , to keep power over an area so diverse . 
  metternich was a diplomatic genius , the only man on par with talleyrand i 'd say . 
  also having a lot of hot daughters in the family so you could marry them off to other european rulers is 10/10 diplomacy . 
  i love the fact that their unofficial motto was `` let others do war , you , happy austria , marry '' . 
  it 's not really so much of a tradition as much as a political principle . 
  the idea being that the republic is universal and recognises no difference between any citizens . 
  this is why there is no affirmative action ( the only exception being for women in politics , and that was immensely controversial ) , and why there are no ethnic statistics . 
  add to that the fact that there 's more history behind this ( you know , the one time we did have ethnic statistics was during the nazi occupation ) , you get a very taboo subject that nobody 's going to seriously try to change . 
  sure , a lot of politicians will talk about it for easy political points , but the ban on ethnic stats is here to stay . 
  it 's a cultural thing . 
  i went to kcl in london for my erasmus year and nearly every french student that went there with me was pretty shocked that we had to fill in forms stating our race and religion . 
  every other western country does n't have out type of secularism either . 
  should we abandon it ? 
  no , it 's part of who we are . 
  same thing with the guiding principles of the republic . 
  they 're what our country was built on . 
   just stupid fraternite , legalite , egalite - which makes no sense in 2016 huh . 
  i love this kind of article . 
  because you can immediately see in the comments who really reads them , who just stops at the headline , and who is being dishonest . 
  there is not a single point in the whole interview or article where hollande says anything like this . 
   would help if french government would finally legalize etnicity and other statistics for census and other purposes never going to happen . 
  was n't legal before because it goes against 200 years of republican philosophy and thinking , wo n't be legalised now because it 's too sensitive an issue . 
  glorious island of clipperton allows us to export superior guano !, 
  honestly , the one thing he singled out that really stands out is the anti-intellectualism of fascism , or at the very least , the fact that anti-intellectualism is the best breeding ground for fascism . 
  if you read mein kampf or gentile 's writings on fascism , you can see that there is one constant , even obsessive theme , the total rejection of all abstract thinking and of non purely technical and mechanical knowledge . 
  the whole idea of `` these weak , effeminate intellectuals !, 
  they spend their time thinking of useless things , they do n't know the real world '' is still very prevalent . 
  this whole idea that `` common sense '' trumps rational thought . 
  though to be honest , it 's also a very big conservative thing ever since edmund burke . 
  but burke ( and bonald and the like ) was n't anti-intellectual as much as he was anti-abstract concepts forced on the `` real world '' . 
  fascism on the other hand , totally rejects intellectualism and always frames everything in an opposition between the physically weak , conniving , untrustworthy , cosmopolitan intellectual vs the `` real man '' of the people , strong and filled with `` common sense '' and `` good ol' values '' . 
  do n't want to bash on the us but you see a lot of this in trump 's supporters . 
  i 'm not defending `` pc culture '' by the way . 
  the article is way off when it equates `` academical intellectualism '' with `` political correctness '' . 
  yeah , i find ireland 's brand of catholicism pretty interesting . 
  i had a friend from ireland who was gay and in favour of same-sex marriage and adoptions , but still called himself a complete catholic and was radically opposed to abortion . 
  i understand the context is different but spain and ireland are also deeply catholic and they got marriage equality without any problem , ireland via a referendum at that . 
  italy was really being the odd man out here . 
  last time we destroyed an expansionist country 's economy , their whole population got riled up , and it did n't end well for anyone . 
  i agree that old school , tax and spend socialism / social democracy is pretty much dead . 
  however , one would expect that a socialist government would try to find a way to reshape welfare and social protection to adapt it to the 21st century ( not going into technical details but there are ways to do it , european social models were built in an era of high growth , low unemployment , a younger population , industrial economies , and in a context where people pretty much stayed in the same company for most of their lives , whereas today we have low growth , higher unemployment / lower unemployment but with a lot of part-time , precarious jobs ; an ageing population , service-based economies , with a lot of worker mobility . 
  the idea is to build a model more adapted to this new context ) . 
  instead , they 're just working to unmake the whole thing . 
  you 're going to elect donald trump . 
  what more can i possibly say ? 
  lived something like a year and a few months in london ( also visited as much of the country i could ) when i was a student . 
  i really loved the place and the people . 
  because poland is n't going to become a christian theocracy , because i 'm not being entirely serious . 
  jeez . 
  polish mps wanted to proclaim jesus christ king of poland : http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/6200539.stm, 
  i 'm so fucking triggered right now . 
  yes . 
  i deeply and fundamentally believe religion should always and at all times remain strictly private . 
  i also do not deeply and fundamentally believe everything that i wrote , except the part on poland . 
  yes , absolutely . 
  come to think of it , because we sold out the czechs , we had to ally with poland , the only other viable central / eastern european power . 
  which sadly did n't stand a chance , because of the ribbentrop pact . 
  signed in part because of uk and france 's stubborn refusal to do anything with stalin . 
  1930s diplomacy is so depressing . 
  germany : fuck you for imposing a dumb economic and monetary policy over europe , and then doubly fuck you right in the bum for thinking that calling in 800 000 refugees was a good idea . 
  italy : fuck you for 2006 and materazzi . 
  also fuck you for electing clowns as prime ministers , oh wait , you do n't elect them anymore it seems . 
  belgium : fuck you for molenbeek . 
  fuck you for inflincting beno\u00eet poelvorde on us . 
  netherlands : fuck you for wearing socks with your sandals as tourists . 
  ireland : fuck you you bloody catholic dicks , its 2016 and women still ca n't get a clean abortion and have to go all the way to fucking wales or some shit . 
  greece : fuck you because you could n't keep your finances straight . 
  turkey : fuck you for becoming an islamist shithole , you were the chosen one , you were supposed to bring balance to secularism , not destroy it . 
  lithuania : fuck you because you 're the place i got the worst hangover of my life in . 
  switzerland : fuck you for having the most boring soccer team ever , fuck you for being every mafia 's personal bank and fuck you until you tell us where the nazi gold is . 
  austria : you gave the world mozart and wittgenstein , but oh no , you had to mess it all up and bring in a hitler . 
  fuck you . 
  luxemburg : see switzerland . 
  also fuck you for juncker and his drunken manners . 
  poland : fuck you for wanting to become a christian theocracy , also fuck you , we get it , you 're the world 's biggest sufferer , you 're the christ of nations , yada yada yada , if you stopped with the martyr complex maybe people would stop invading you . 
  czech republic : nah , i like you guys . 
  slovakia : fuck you because i always confuse you with slovenia . 
  slovenia : fuck you because i always confuse you with slovakia , also fuck you for being tiny . 
  croatia : fuck you for slaven bilic faking injury to send off laurent blanc in 1998 , also fuck you because you 're part of the balkans crazy squad . 
  albania : i learned through an excellent documentary named taken , narrated by liam neeson , that you operated extremely vast prostitution and slavery networks in paris , so fuck you i guess . 
  kosovo : fuck you because of your whole refugees crisis back in the 90s , my mom made me buy some food and stuff to send to the international solidarity with kosovo movement , instead of letting me buy a toy lightsaber , so i grew up withouth a toy lightsaber and am a bitter human being because of that . 
  so fuck you . 
  montenegro : fuck you because your country name is the source of many a racist joke here . 
  spain : fuck you for your shitty hairstyles , fuck you because your government wanted to ban abortion and that spurred on the right-wing here to start anti-abortion marches , fuck you for thinking that possession stats in football count more than goals . 
  portugal : fuck you because people call you a mediterranean country and you ca n't even into mediterranean , also i hate cristiano dos santos aveiro ( there will only be one ronaldo ) , also you 're literrally slytherin . 
  estonia : fuck you because you can not into nordic . 
  uk : fuck you so many times . 
  but i also like you . 
  so fuck me . 
  edit : also , world : fuck you for coming to paris , fucking up the city , expecting the locals to act as your personal servants and lackeys , spiking up the housing prices to unsustainable levels , crowding in front of the mona lisa ( the most overrated painting in history ) , and then coming home and complaining about it because it was n't what you thought it would be when you watched am\u00e9lie . 
  edit 2 : also france , this is from paris : fuck you , keep hating us if you want , you know where your handouts come from , you lazy assholes . 
   i dislike france for building nuclear powerplants . 
  what year is it , 1967 ? 
  well you can keep your coal , we 'll keep our sweet , sweet , cheap electricity that we export to all your ungrateful asses . 
   france and uk , we will always remember how you fucked us over in munchen . 
  that was a really dick move to sell us to hitler . 
  we were the only real democracy in central europe , you were our role-models , we looked up to you and you failed us badly . 
  the munich conference is the most shameful act of the interwar period . 
  czechoslovakia was n't only central europe 's only democracy , it was also the strongest economy , had very strong fortifications , as well as a well-equipped and well-trained army ( german panzers were modelled after czech tanks ) . 
  so yeah , fuck chamberlain and fuck daladier .
