  the one analysis that rings true to my mind is that the common point of a lot of these movements is that they appeal to people who feel dispossessed of their way of life - not even necessarily on identity and immigration and whatever , but in general , that there was a certain way of living and that 's been torn apart ( by the forces of globalisation , by the changing economic landscape , whatever ) . 
  so this is their `` fuck you '' to the system . 
  it 's not about trump , it 's about police shootings . 
  maybe not representative , but i find a lot of the jokes are pretty funny to us and not really to other people . 
  ah , yes , huntington , that guy that just lumps `` the islamic world '' as a unified bloc against `` western civilisation '' , also a unified bloc . 
  the truth is , both of them were wrong . 
  yeah , except , that 's only very partially true . 
  nazi germany was certainly not practically defeated by 1943 . 
  definitely true actually !, 
  and not just for populism . 
  the italian left transformed into centrists modelled on the us democrats way before the rest . 
  forgot about fp\u00d6 - but then again if i 'm not mistaken you guys already had governments with fp\u00d6 ministers before ? 
  yup but that 's incredibly rare . 
  voting is done in two rounds . 
  the top 2 or 3 candidates in the first round face off in the second round and the winner of that round wins the election . 
  for parliamentary elections , what often happens when the top two is fn and conservative , the socialists will call to vote for the conservative in the second round to block the fn . 
  it may seem undemocratic , but bear in mind that it also shows that a majority of voters in 99 % of the constituencies do n't want an fn mp . 
  do n't we have a big round of elections all over europe in the coming months and year ? 
  'cause here , we 'll lose our high horse over the ` muricans pretty fucking fast given how things are going politically . 
  ah yes , europe , safe from insanity . 
  it 's not like this is the continent of nigel farage , boris johnson , marine le pen , afd , wilders , m5s , pis ... 
  why do you think countries like india have an extensive space programme ? 
  just to be able to compete in dick-measuring contests ? 
  nope , it 's also because it reaps benefits in the long run . 
  france stronk !, 
  ... but not enough :(, 
  i love sending [ this ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/mouvement_breton_pendant_la_seconde_guerre_mondiale#collaboration_avec_l.27allemagne ) to my breton friends . 
  used to be mine too , but then i saw our own candidates for the next election , and realised we were as retarded . 
  i mean i 'm not saying they 're the same person , but has anyone actually seen both of them in the same room ? 
  ah yes , i forgot that `` stop the war '' button every leader has on his desk . 
  i think operation resurrection in 1958 . 
  it 's how the fourth republic collapsed and led the way for the fifth republic and charles de gaulle . 
  in fact , the years 1958 - 1962 were pretty crazy . 
  basically , after 1945 , a new constitution was drafted , creating the fourth republic . 
  sadly , it gave way too much power to the parliament , creating an unstable regime where governments would collapse only after a few months , because of changing party alliances . 
  this made any decisive executive action impossible , which was going to be disastrous as decolonisation came along . 
  the harshest part was algeria - the algerian war , as most people know , was a bloody and frankly horrific war . 
  one thing people do n't understand today is that algeria was n't a `` colony '' - it was literally part of the country , with an extremely large population of european settlers and descendants of settlers , who really did n't want algerian independence . 
  as the situation got worse and worse , in may 1958 a giant demo of opponents of algerian independence broke out in algiers , and on may 13th , a group of generals declared a coup in algeria and called for the disbanding of the government and for de gaulle ( who had left office way back in 1946 ) to come back to power , because they believed he would be the only one to keep algeria french . 
  the real crazy shit happened a few days later , when a battalion of army paratroopers landed and seized corsica , the first part of an extremely secret operation called operation resurrection . 
  the second planned part was to paratroop troops in paris and seize power by force . 
  this second part never happened because the then-president , ren\u00e9 coty , called de gaulle to power , who swiftly ended the fourth republic and proposed a new constitution , the fifth republic . 
  so that was operation resurrection , but wait , it does n't end there . 
  see , de gaulle eventually realised algeria was going to get its independence . 
  seeing that his policy was now leaning towards `` abandoning '' algeria , the generals felt betrayed and , in 1961 , tried another coup in algiers . 
  this one failed , badly . 
  beaten , the fanatics of the `` alg\u00e9rie fran\u00e7aise '' organised into a terrorist group called oas , for `` organisation arm\u00e9e secr\u00e8te '' ( the secret army organisation ) , stating that they would `` strike where they wanted , when they wanted '' . 
  and boy , did they ever . 
  in their time of activity ( 1961 - 1962 ) , they led more terrorist attacks and bombings then the algerian independence fighters . 
  nobody knows exactly how many died , but de gaulle estimated it at over 10 000 , while today historians say that the oas killed more like 2 500 people . 
  their big mistake was the petit clamart attack in august 1962 , when an oas commando ambushed de gaulle 's car while on the road . 
  they missed , and the retribution was swift . 
  de gaulle called in a state of emergency and took complete and full emergency powers , and the oas was dismantled and its leaders arreted and exiled . 
  edit : another fun fact about the petit clamart incident is how calm and cool both de gaulle and his wife yvonne were about it . 
  the commando that attacked his car was very heavily armed , and shot about 180 rounds . 
  de gaulle calmly said `` well , they shoot like pigs '' , while his wife said `` i hope the chickens were n't hit '' , referring to the fauchon poultry they had brought in the car trunk ( which they calmly ate at their dinner the same day ) . 
  it did end the idea of an absolute monarchy . 
  when charles x tried to be all louis xiv again , he got revolution 'd . 
  louis philippe tried to be a more `` modern '' king , but got revolution 'd as well . 
  yeah , apparently , that 's not really a thing . 
  daesh is just the arabic acronym isil . 
  good thing you polled every single french user of that hashtag . 
  fighting terrorism via airstrikes while being all friendly with states that sponsor extremist ideologies here , through funding of salafist preachers and mosques , feeding into the jihad-breeding machine : oh , how fucking smart we are . 
   it can very well use state decrees . 
  nope , ca n't use decrees for stuff that 's considered legal competence . 
  ca n't have ordonnances without parliament either . 
   and what can the parlament do , besides say no ? 
  again it can not set any tone ... parliament telling the government `` no '' is pretty fucking big in setting the stone . 
   have you heard of separation of powers though ? 
  means different bodies have different powers . 
  except separation of powers was never meant to be a strict separation , but always a collaboration of powers . 
  it 's literally what montesquieu writes . 
  the executive proposes 90 % of the laws because the first is that the executive is elected with a political platform , thus , it tries to implement that platform . 
  does no-one remember the `` i 'm going to bomb isis and take their oil '' ? 
  what has happened to collective memory this year ? 
  ah yes , hillary clinton , the one who laid the groundwork for the nuclear deal with iran and is supportive of it , is more likely to lead to war with iran than donald trump . 
  alt-righters are so delusional it 's sad . 
   i m not american , but i support trump . 
  why would i want hillary ? 
  the mediterranean is full with bodies of refugees . 
  whereas trump will completely stop all refugees thanks to that amazing secret plan for syria that he has , amirite ? 
  there was a hilariously sad story about sanders supporters telling minority voters `` bernie sanders will increase welfare , you know '' , as a selling point . 
  because both putin and xi know that they 'll roll over him . 
   what 's the problem with media : they should n't be pro- or anti- , they should be objective in their news reports , silent about their own position and invite people with different opinions to an interview . 
  media can have any position they want , what they ca n't lie on is facts . 
  it 's perfectly fine for a news outlet to be biased , it 's not fine for them to spout blatant lies . 
  `` comment is free , facts are sacred '' . 
   for example , nate silver predicting that trump has a 2 % chance of winning the republican nomination a year ago . 
  erm , that was an offhand comment he made , not something out of rigorous data analysis . 
  when you check 538 's data-based predictions , they 've been pretty much spot on . 
  also , just saying , but a 2 % probability does n't mean impossible ... just very unlikely . 
  savage . 
  because obviously people should bring guns at concerts . 
  asking a question = socialism . 
  a humane , egalitarian and efficient way of capital punishment for the time !, 
  are you happy with yourself ? 
  i 'm sure you 've done some good stuff and achieved some nice things as well in your life , just as i 'm sure you 've also made mistakes , or been outright nasty in your time ? 
  same thing , basically . 
  you can be proud of your country in general , and ashamed of it when justified . 
  um , yeah , how about fuck off ?
