  implying belgium will ever get to a major tournament final . 
  they 're this decade 's england . 
  * pangermanism intensifies *, 
  eh , i think his campaign also did n't work out exactly how to reach out efficiently to minorities . 
  but yeah it was pretty weird when some hillary supporters called bernie sanders a sexist ... ( even though some of his supporters on reddit definitely were ) . 
  the idea is that there is no distinction at all between citizens in the eyes of the state and the law . 
  which is why we do n't have affirmative action - with the sole exception being for women in politics - or ethnicity based statistics . 
  gay marriage was just the perfect hollande shitstorm . 
  you have a reform which is relatively popular , very wanted by your voters , you have a strong majority in both houses ( first time ever for the left ) , you 're riding a high after beating sarkozy ... and then you just stall it . 
  it took so long , and the worst was how much he flipped flopped . 
  people do n't remember , but at one point when the protests started , he basically said `` oh but we 'll have a conscience clause so that mayors who disapprove wo n't have to marry gay people '' . 
  cue anger from the left , and encouragement to the catholic fanatics . 
  then flipped flopped back . 
  how did that situation degenerate so far , i still ca n't understand . 
  exiting eu wo n't happen without referendum though , so her election would n't cause that immediately . 
  also we would n't leave nato , we would leave nato 's integrated military command , so essentially back at the situation as it was before 2007 . 
   a hypothetical conventional war well , that 's one hypothetic . 
  i 'd like to remind that french nuclear doctrine is n't no first use , but nuclear retaliation even in case of a conventional attack . 
  there 's a fallacy that canada is the `` good guy '' therefore its corporations are ok . 
  which is stupid , corporations are amoral regardless of nationality . 
  on the other hand , us corporations are also seen as being way more agressive . 
  why yes , let 's completely abandon our culinary traditions , why do n't we . 
  after all , europe is n't an optimal place for food production . 
  i 'm sure race and ethnicity and the arab spring are hugely relevant to the discussion about the results of the eu trade bloc . 
  well , that 's easy . 
  because of fears of us corporations . 
  except germany actually won the thing in living memory . 
  it still was a bit goofy . 
  i mean the usa would just send in beyonc\u00e9 to do a superbowl like show or some bullshit . 
  excuse me , did you see germany 's entry this time around ? 
  ffs , eurovision is about having a laugh and not taking yourself too seriously , that 's why everybody sends in the wackiest and/or endearing people . 
  we and the brits seem to be in our own competition of who can get the lowest score . 
  a lot of countries may not get that and would send their best in a serious effort . 
  and holocaust denial is linked to nazi ideology , which is nothing if not violent . 
  interesting point of view and good point about the king of the franks / king of france distinction . 
  though here the consensus is generally that 843 marks the beginning . 
  of course , obviously picking any date for the date of birth of a nation is very arbitrary and just a way to put an order in the timelines . 
  they did n't think of themselves as french / german overnight , yeah . 
  ah , the freedom to deny the holocaust , truly a cornerstone of a modern democracy . 
  i 'd say it 's not so much of an issue because of the comprehensive reform that ceta brings to the isds system ( instead of an ad hoc meeting of 3 arbitrators chosen by the corporation and the state , it 's a court of 15 real judges all named by the states , with public hearings and a possibility for appeal ) . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2015/12/01/health/maternal-mortality-rate-u-s-increasing-why/ ) article from cnn :  what 's going on ? 
  a range of experts made clear to me that there is n't any one factor to explain the increase , but a number of issues , including obesity-related complications such as hypertension and diabetes , the dramatic increase in the number of cesarean section births , a lack of access to affordable , quality health care and more women giving birth at older ages . 
  the nordics on top again !, 
  damn them !, 
  bit surprised at italy being ahead of germany , uk , france , but considering the metrics it kind of makes sense . 
  well , technically is n't france and germany 's date of birth 843 , when charlemagne 's empire was split between his sons , with francia occidentalis and francia orientalis , at his death ( the split happened at the treaty of verdun ... it 's like history has a dark sense of humour ) ? 
  though some say that france existed as a country since clovis who had the title rex francorum , but that 's pretty iffy . 
  that citizen of the world ? 
  albert einstein . 
   but i guess when you live in western europe and your history does n't involve the ottoman empire attacking you you have a different perspective . 
  well , no , our history is being friends with the ottoman empire !, 
   he was a frank , but there is no longer a franconia . 
  well , there 's a france ... 
   i would never think of rousseau as swiss really , because of his huge influence on french culture , and also because swiss national identity does n't seem as strong as other nations before a certain point in history . 
  eeeeeh , that 's a bit iffy . 
  a lot of rousseau 's writings were influenced by the organisation of the republic of geneva . 
  that whole private arbitration court thingy . 
  big blow for the credibility of the eu even if it 's not at fault , and a big missed opportunity for trade with the most european country out of europe . 
  it 's pretty sad . 
  i was pretty opposed to ceta to start with , but some reading made me change my mind . 
  still opposed to ttip though , but that 's dead in the water anyway . 
  isds and fears about farmers are the main ones . 
  how is the eu fucked ? 
  it makes no sense . 
  it 's belgium that has a constitution where the government needs the approval of regional parliaments to sign a trade deal . 
  the eu ca n't force belgium to modify its constitution . 
  sure you could say that the eu should do away with the unanimity rule or should have been content with a european parliament vote ... but do you realise that a ) the real power in the eu comes from members states not supranational institutions , and members states do n't want to leave the veto and b ) how fucking toxic that would be politically ? 
  nargothrond was an inside job !, 
  dragonfire ca n't melt mithril bridges !, 
  it 's literally in the text of the treaty ... 
  you do n't see differences between using airstrikes and drones against , admittedly , the islamic state , and launching a full ground invasion to depose bashar al-assad ? 
  because it 's really not the same thing . 
  if he had been the usual neo-con , he would n't have been hesistated twice to invade syria . 
  if he had been the usual neo-con , he would n't have let the `` normandy format '' process go on for ukraine . 
  if he had been the usual neo-con , he would n't have needed to be convinced by clinton , sarkozy and cameron about libya . 
  if he had been the usual neo-con , he would n't have pushed for exiting iraq and afghanistan . 
  if he had been the usual neo-con , there would never be a rapprochement with cuba ( with talks to end the embargo , even !, 
  ) , or an agreement for cop21 , or * the whole nuclear deal with iran * . 
  obama 's foreign policy has been reasonably pragmatic , with its successes and failures , but it 's definitely not on the neo-conservative side of the spectrum . 
  velociraptors were first discovered in mongolia and that 's where most velociraptor fossils can be found . 
  the full name is * velociraptor mongoliensis * . 
   the eu army is quite clearly designed to go around these limitations . 
  this opens the significant risk of small countries getting entangled in foreign interventions against their will . 
  it 's not only the us who makes bad decisions , remember how france pushed hard for libya ? 
  it did not turn out well . 
  yup . 
  then again , a few years after that , there was mali , and that was an important and needed military operation . 
   yes , deliberately killing innocent civilians and supporting a cruel dictator so , par for the course for the usa , uk and france then . 
  i 'm not a free-trade fanatic like some , but the loss of credibility of the eu over this worries me somewhat . 
  the thinking is that because they 're cheaper , people will buy them over better products , running european producers out of business . 
   nearly every european i 've talked to essentially sees north american food as very poor , nearing 3rd world quality , propaganda clearly works . 
  it 's the case , in my experience . 
  technically , our `` isds '' is/should be the european court of justice , no ? 
   i think the eu should have the power to override such veto 's . 
  you do realise your country would be the first to scream blue murder if the eu ever got the power to override vetos ? 
   it 's sole starting objective was to remove trade barriers , tariffs and enable free trade . 
  all the other stuff that the eu does now , has been added later on . 
  so i wonder what `` ever closer union '' back in the rome treaty meant , or why a european parliament has existed since the 1970s , or why the political elements `` crept in '' way before maastricht ( such as in ecj jurisprudence ) ... 
  the beginning of it all was a free trade agreement on coal and steel , the most basic of war ressources in the 1950s . 
  how much more political can you get ?
