   - but these idiots !, 
  they keep getting it wrong !, 
  portugal :  - i 'd like to make love for a bit , not you ? 
   - no , later , when we 'll have enough money to buy condoms . 
  but we can make a kid if you want ...  `` here too we dare use the condom . 
  ( `` but , manuel !, 
  - yeah , i know , but we have to be a part of europe now ... '' ) denmark :  - if you want to have sex , do n't forget to put a condom on your penis . 
  then hold her thighs well . 
  from time to time go soft and hard again to continue love ...  - do you guys have your condoms ? 
   - yes , we do !, 
   - condoms , so love remains a party !, 
   `` condoms ... yay , it 's party time . '', 
  france : basically it 's more a parody of some of our pseudo-intellectual erotic films ( and a general clich\u00e9 about trying to be too cerebral about it but actually ending up as too shy and stuffy about it ) . 
  fair enough . 
  still do n't trust it . 
  their data sharing with facebook and their will to attract advertisers , along with the fact that they 'll still collect the metadata does n't inspire confidence either . 
   was never educated in spin haha , good one . 
  that was true in the early days , with that infamous sweaty interview . 
  he 's been media-trained to death ever since . 
  well , berlusconi was a pioneer of a lot of stuff you see from trump , sarkozy , boris johnson , etc. 
  on the other side , the ulivo which led to the partito democratico was a sign of things to come for a lot of left-wing parties in europe . 
  i do n't see why they would n't ? 
  there 's no reason to trust them , and no real way to verify this , since it 's closed-source as you pointed out . 
  basically comes down to trust ( and practicality - how many of your contacts are willing to download signal for example ) . 
  encryption ai n't worth shit if whatsapp ( or gmail or whatever ) holds the key . 
  a friend of mine who 's been following italian politics very closely for the better part of a decade now once told me that in politics , italy is way ahead of the curve . 
  i thought he was joking . 
  now , i can pretty much see his point . 
  yeah , the referenda on the rome and maastricht treaties never existed . 
  yeah , because nato are all estonians and not foreigners . 
  french people are absolutely not anti-british . 
  french users on reddit like to poke fun and be all `` france baise ouais '' but that 's all . 
  our media is certainly not as violently critical of the uk as the uk media is of us - we never had stuff like `` the fall of the uk '' or a headline calling the british pm a `` worm '' and saying we should be ashamed . 
  the average french person does n't care about the uk . 
  the most he 'd say is `` the uk ? 
  it 's the country with the rain and bad food that hates europe '' . 
  in my experience of living in the two countries , the british are much more prone to anti-french jokes than the opposite . 
  remove kebab gib konstantinopolis rightful greek clay, 
   and yet oddly enough , none of the english-speaking countries , despite all of them having a greater proportion of foreign-born residents have anywhere near the problems with integration that france does . 
  well sure , you do n't have problems when you let them have their niqabs and their sharia courts . 
  yes , how scary , democratically elected governments talking about something . 
   i was under the impression that an eu army would be in us interests . 
  as usual with the usa and the eu , one has to remember the guiding principle of us policy towards europe : make it strong enough to be a good ally , never let it become strong enough to become a rival . 
   nobody voted for this !, 
  they are just doing whatever the fuck they want and we do n't get a say !, 
  your elected governments are talking about this , you dickhead . 
  not some secret cabal of eu would-be dictators , but the elected governments of the european union are talking about it . 
  because the uk hates the idea of an eu army even if it was opt-in , for `` special relationship '' reasons . 
  when you evade tax and you 're caught , you pay back the entire tax you evaded . 
  that 's what 's fair . 
   ireland would disagree but then again , they 're no longer a sovereign state so who cares . 
  ireland agreed to enter the european union and therefore has to comply with eu law . 
  nobody ever stopped ireland from leaving if they wanted to . 
  nobody forced ireland to transfer part of its sovereignty either . 
  nobody forced anyone . 
  so apparently tackling tax evasion is mugabe-like behaviour . 
   they had a deal with a sovereign state that was in place for decades like others do . 
  this ruling is retroactive , arbitrary and only aimed at us corporations . 
  they had a deal that was completely illegal under eu law . 
  full stop . 
  the ruling is not aimed at us corporations in general but at apple . 
  it stood in place because a lot of eu commissionners did n't want to really look too much into it , until vestager came along . 
  `` retroactive '' , lol . 
  well of course it 's fucking retroactive . 
  if , i do n't know , you make a deal with your teacher that you 'll pay him for every exam , and you get found out one day , the teacher will have to give back the money they perceived from day one . 
  that 's how it works . 
   except for you and most of the people making comments here . 
  i now expect you to point out my comments in this thread where i express happiness for americans suffering . 
   it is , ireland made the offer and now you 're shaking down apple retroactively . 
  the offer ireland made was illegal . 
  it effectively gave apple an unfair competitive advantage . 
  apple is asked to pay back . 
  the fact that apple can ask the usa to offset this in its own us taxes is the usa 's problem . 
  you also need to build a wall and make mexico pay for it . 
   allies typically do n't shake each other down for money and then roar in delight when they hear the common person is going to be the one suffering . 
  this is nothing like this . 
  apple had an extremely sweet deal with the irish government that was illegal with regards to about every single word ever written in eu law about fair competition . 
  it also happens in a general context of crackdown on tax evasion from multinational corporations , a lot of which are american . 
  nobody roars in delight about the american common person suffering - but it 's not our fault your tax system will allow apple to offset this from its us taxes . 
  also , this is pretty hypocritical . 
  remember that time when the us threatened renault and psa to leave iran , which they did , and now general motors is moving in ? 
  or what happened with bnp paribas ? 
  allies indeed . 
   and by `` putting up with every single piece of bullshit '' did you mean ireland offering a deal decades ago to a private company and then the eu stepping in to shake them down ? 
  no , i meant the us government getting angry at europe upholding its own laws . 
  til `` allies '' means `` putting up with every single piece of bullshit '' . 
  blame apple and sort out your own tax system then . 
  you hear that a lot though . 
  yeah , the ancien r\u00e9gime was so fantastic . 
  also they literally just beheaded people for fun . 
  the eu is worse than the african economic community , did n't you know ? 
  the 51st state in action again . 
  someone make a movie poster out of this . 
  i think this is our fundamental disagreement . 
  i think people are assholes and will always be assholes . 
  yes , we should fight crime as best we can , we should educate , we should strive for as much progress as we can . 
  but i do n't think we 'll ever achieve a perfectly safe and secure society of well-meaning people . 
   there was some moral choice here . 
  sharing a content never means a consent to go on dublicating the contant however you want . 
  i agree .
