  also comparing national and world languages with ultra-minority local dialects spoken by 5 old people in medieval hamlets ? 
  we need to find saxons to kill though . 
  minority languages huh ? 
  you mean ... recognition of more than one people ? 
  you mean ... * federalism * ? 
  looks like the guillotine 's back on the menu , boys !, 
  i only see efficient state and nation building . 
  you mean carolus magnus ? 
  the british think being an ally means being a poodle . 
  makes sense , since that 's how they are with the usa . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.vox.com/the-big-idea/2017/1/24/14363148/trade-deals-nafta-wto-china-job-loss-trump ) a great article about nafta in general . 
  the main points are that in reality manufacturing jobs are mainly lost to automation and not to trade , that job creation increased across the board ( which is why the 90s were the most massive job creation period in us history ) . 
  `` rules on the country of origin do n't real '', 
    everyone is a consumer   there 's a huge difference between a consumer who is a landlord with three paid mortgages , a consumer who is working as a freelance webdev in a studio apartment and a consumer who is 52 years old without a pension because his company went bankrupt and the bank took it . 
  the latter two do n't see much benefit from slightly cheaper caddilacs , because they ca n't afford them anyway . 
  rich people see the majority of the savings . 
   free trade does n't just mean cadillacs . 
  in fact , poorer people have a higher marginal tendency to consume , which is why lowering consumption costs is a big gift to them and not to rich people who can afford any price . 
  everything has tradeoffs in economics . 
  in this regard free trade has the same effect as technological innovation . 
  the effect of nafta on jobs is also generally regarded to be a net positive . 
  that 's not how free trade works . 
  fascinating , i did n't know they manaed to remove a human 's brain to replace it with an automatic buzzword generator . 
  so conveniently not adressing anything else in my post and just saying some random stuff on de gaulle ( seriously , his advocacy in the 1930s for a mobile armoured force [ is really basic knowledge ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/vers_l%27arm%c3%a9e_de_m%c3%a9tier ) ) . 
  i 'll just leave you with your prejudices and lack of knowledge , you seem very happy with them . 
  um north africa was n't governed by the nazis but by vichy france , which was the official legal french government of the time as recognised by the allies as well . 
  most of the general opposition to the landings also depended on which officer was in charge , as some gave no opposition and joined the allies immediately . 
  the rest , well , they were officers of the vichy army . 
  are you really sure about your `` accurate recollections '' ? 
  also , your opinion is at best uneducated , i 'm afraid . 
  `` not putting up a serious fight '' , lol . 
  it 's called getting beaten badly by a new tactic that a lot of the high command of the time failed to understand . 
  not `` oh the germans are attacking , well too bad , it 's done '' . 
  that might be your understanding of things , but in any case , it 's unfortunately not the historical fact . 
  more like `` the dyle plan failed catastrophically because of the brilliant success of manstein 's manoeuvers , leaving the bulk of the army surrounded and trapped , with no armoured reserve to counterattack because no-one listened to de gaulle '' . 
  or did the germans get 150k casualties just by accident ? 
  ( also , by the way , one of the reasons the british army survived at all was because of a holding action and sacrifice at dunkirk from the remaining french troops , but i guess hollywood history does n't cover that ) . 
  might i add that the ussr got wrecked much worse by the opening stages of barbarossa , but unfortunately we did n't have the endless supplies of manpower and the vast land for a retreat . 
  `` accurate recollections '' the vichy forces in operation torch stopped fighting after a few days , caused relatively few casualties and a big chunk joined the free french army . 
  incomparable to the battle of france which , if you actually had any knowledge of history , was not `` rolling over without a fight '' . 
  when increased happiness is the con , you know it 's a good policy . 
  why , you do n't think it 's hilarious that a joke implies your great-grandfather who died on the battlefield was an absolute coward ? 
  which is why de gaulle was the first western leader to express support for kennedy during the cuban missile crisis , and he also told eisenhower that in case of an escalation of tensions with the ussr , `` i 'm with you until the very end '' . 
  gaullism was about asserting national independence and not being the usa or the ussr 's poodle . 
  friendly reminder that we just recently beat england despite being down to 10 men and having a squad full of teenagers . 
  alexis de tocqueville was a brilliant mind , and his analysis of democracy is almost insanely perceptive given he was writing in the 1830s . 
  `` when god and the angelic host gets here ... '' ... * fran\u00e7ois !, 
  * get the guillotine back out , we caught a live one !, 
   how many of your < 35 year old female friends decided to follow career and are now not alone ? 
  um , literally all of them , mate . 
  you have a bit of a tendency to think only by clich\u00e9s and only your own experience . 
  literally every piece of evidence shows the exact opposite tends to happen . 
  and it 's not just a choice between money and family , it can mainly be about certain dreams and aspirations , career paths , etc. 
  that you have to toss aside . 
  did a child write this ? 
  `` gay people can marry , so long as they stop being gay '', 
  but the left here passed the law four years ago . 
  this is what americans actually believe . 
  shhhhhh do n't confuse his worldview, 
  only in us right-wing circles is germany considered a bastion of pc policies and progressivism ... 
  well a court can always overturn its own rulings . 
  it 's great that you find having a kid and raising it to be super easy . 
  however , you might want to consider that for a lot of people , it is n't , and for especially young women it can fuck up their life a lot . 
   then do n't have those ? 
  there 's something gone horribly wrong when a woman chooses to endanger her life , rather than give birth to the kid that 's developing in her belly and embrace her own flesh and blood , as well as that of her loved one as something beautiful and unique after giving birth . 
  or maybe it 's just that she really did n't want a kid . 
  depends , her family may not want it , or she may herself have opposed it in her lifetime . 
  it 's the beginning of simone veil 's speech to the national assembly in 1974 on her law to legalise abortion . 
  [ * `` i would like to share with you a woman 's conviction . 
  i apologise for doing it in an assembly almost exclusively composed of men ... '' * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgdrhx9lmf8 ), 
  that 's partly true . 
  but from my own experience working as a pr guy , i can tell you that most journalists really are not good . 
  well , he did n't say that , an aid on his staff did , i believe . 
  and second , it 's true . 
  most political journalists are absolute morons who have no interest in any substantial discussion or question but are just looking for the buzzword . 
  m\u00e9lenchon did the same thing by not talking to the media anymore and using his youtube channel . 
  yes , but they 're a minority . 
  again , only 7 % of the workforce is unionised . 
  the fast and unfussy way it was implemented in both the uk and germany while we had mass protests for months makes me a bit ashamed tbh . 
  jeez , you should also take a look at the way we french end our mails . 
  like * veuillez agr\u00e9er , madame , monsieur , l'expression de nos sentiments distingu\u00e9s * ( please receive , madam , sir , the expression of our most distinguished sentiments ) . 
  and the english just say `` best , '' smh, 
  because they have a very strong mobilisation power , especially in public transportation , air and rail transport , civil service and teachers . 
  basically if they get motivated enough they can bring the country to a standstill . 
  and who made you the great arbitrator of what constitutes an important issue ? 
  empress vestager strikes again o7, 
  tsk , tsk , ` muricans , remember the [ last time you tried to be pissy about steel tariffs ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2002_united_states_steel_tariff )  in retaliation , the european union threatened to counter with tariffs of its own on products ranging from florida oranges to cars produced in michigan , with each tariff calculated to likewise hurt the president in a key marginal state . 
  the united states backed down and withdrew the tariffs on december 4 . 
  if you 're not retarded , it is . 
  which is why the plaza 's name is plaza of the star . 
  well officially it 's charles de gaulle plaza but no-one calls it that . 
  referendums exist in most western countries . 
  second , i forgot that only the swiss version of democracy is the only one that can exist ( because the votation system can totally exist in large and populated countries ) . 
  i 'd add that there are good arguments against direct democracy , and switzerland voting on absurd issues such as minarets seems to confirm that . 
  or the fact that the popular vote delayed necessary social progress . 
  voting on public squares  not considering women as inferior , gotcha . 
  * ikea * those minimalist lutheran churches * one of the oldest universities in europe at uppsala * very egalitarian country and generally seen as a model on a lot of social issues * pm hjalmar branting was the father of the swedish welfare state back in the 1920s or 1930s * olof palme was super popular but assassinated * weird fish food * was one of europe 's biggest military powers in the 17th and 18th centuries * carl von linn\u00e9 * the swedish royal family is descended from bernadotte who was a french general of napoleon and a revolutionary ( legend has it he had `` death to all kings '' tatooed on his arm ) * the launch of the vasa * season 1 of real humans ( akta manniskor ) was cool , i did n't catch the rest sadly * thank you for anita ekberg * teh wimminz, 
  1 ) wait , did you actually admit `` european '' is as much a cultural and political concept as a geographical one ? 
  making progress here .
