  do we really need regulation for this ? 
  looking at the few games i 've been playing recently and at the trends , it just seems like the video game industry is promoting a positive image for women all by themselves - look at games like horizon zero dawn , or life is strange , or mirror 's edge , or clementine in the walking dead telltale games , or ellie in the last of us , or even the evolution of tomb raider - the recent games are much more about lara crift 's character and struggles than they are about her boobs . 
  also women 's teams in fifa 16 . 
  also rpgs , which allow you to play as either gender , have become mainstream in the last years , with the elder scrolls and fallout series ( and mass effect : andromeda , apparently ) . 
  also those games have also allowed lgbt relationships in-game . 
  i wonder if we could pass a law against extreme religious fundamentalism . 
  it irritates me to no end that this type of christian fundamentalism , or islamic salafism for that matter , are n't illegal . 
  i might be mistaken , but is n't the whole `` bible is the word of god therefore infaillble '' only a thing in the usa now ? 
  every single christian i know considers the bible as the human-written story of the jewish people and the life and times of jesus christ and that 's that . 
  wonder if that 's also church canon . 
  funny how that happens . 
  [ seems legit . 
  ] ( http://www.leftways.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/1990-italy-offical-world-cup-poster.jpg ), 
  this . 
  people want to have sex , even if you tell them it 's bad . 
  iirc there was a prayer that women in the high middle ages would say , that went along like `` holy mary , you who had without doing , make that i do without having '' . 
  also in the usa , if i 'm not mistaken , the most `` puritan '' states are also those with the highest hiv and teenage pregnancies rates . 
  sure you do n't want a few rafales , guys ? 
  because he 's great at branding himself and selling that brand to gullible people . 
  trump university is a great example of that . 
  he 's visited a lot , ok ? 
  he knows visits , he has the best visits . 
  is there poverty because there is a `` collectivist '' mentality , or is there a collectivist mentality because there is poverty ? 
  there are other social networks that try to preserve your privacy and are n't pushing you to share everything ( at least that 's what they say ) . 
  but they 're pretty much niche right now . 
  the fun thing is people often say `` well just do n't use facebook then '' . 
  sure . 
  except that facebook and the `` share-all '' mentality have become so prevalent that it 's now socially suspect if you do n't have facebook . 
  people have been rejected from job interviews because of it . 
  the hypocrisy of these companies is astounding . 
  eric schmidt of google famously said that `` if you have something that you do n't want anyone to know , maybe you should n't be doing it in the first place '' and called online anonymity `` dangerous '' . 
  did n't stop him from blacklisting cnet journalists from talking to google employees because they published some personal info on him ... that they found by google searches . 
  or mark zuckerberg telling everyone that the age of privacy is over and that you must share everything , buying out whole blocks around his house to protect his privacy . 
  they want freedom , transparency and information everywhere except for themselves . 
  thanks for that , nice writeup !, 
  ( even though it does n't contradict my point  ), 
  it did have a strong identity ( mainly jewish ) before that , but yeah . 
  can that be partially explained by different attitudes towards women ? 
  they often have part-time jobs so they can have some income while at the same time take care of children . 
  this is n't as prevalent here because women are n't expected to chose between a career and children ( well helped by stuff like long school hours for children , state-subsidised day care centres , etc. ), 
  one thing that 's new about mass tourism is the unholy alliance with platforms like airbnb - the result being skyrocketing real estate prices and extremely fast gentrification . 
  you can definitely see the effects in paris ; in the marais quarter , the once very lively gay and jewish part of the city , bars and local shops and businesses are dying out . 
  in 10 years time , tops , you 'll only find tourists and louis vuitton or l'or\u00e9al boutiques , and nothing that made that place so unique . 
  inb4 `` this is just fearmongering '' , `` we do n't know what 's in the agreement so it must be all good '' , `` tar sands oil is good for the environment , do n't listen to the bolshevik environmentalists '' , `` there is no problem with isds '' , yadda yadda yadda . 
   let 's not forget that the french worker is one of the most productive in the entire oecd , significantly more so than the british one . 
  to be fair , that 's possibly because of a combination of chronic unemployment and the 35 hour work week . 
  if you ask people to work less , that means you ask them to be much more productive . 
  therefore you eliminate those who are n't as productive . 
  so the french worker is the most productive on average ... because the not-productive elements are unemployed . 
  actually , if you do n't report every month to p\u00f4le emploi and if you miss out on your meetings , you lose the right to unemployment welfare . 
  also note that you only get unemployment welfare if you 've worked beforehand . 
  if you have n't , then you go straight to the rsa , which is n't unemployment welfare but poverty welfare . 
  yeah , but you 'd think they 'd realise the housing market is fucked for everybody else . 
  actually it 's not so much that people stop searching for a job , but that they 're written off the p\u00f4le emploi ( unemployment agency ) 's lists for various reasons ( refusing multiple job offers , not going to mandatory meetings , and yes a few also stop searching for a job , etc. 
  4 % think it 's easy to find good housing in paris at affordable prices ? 
  who the fuck are those 4 % people ? 
   why are n't there french troops expected to be part of a tripwire force ? 
  because they 're off fighting in africa , possibly ? 
   if you invest in a country based on current laws and ciruncstances and said country changes laws all of the sudden , your money is lost . 
  so what ? 
  states and governments are accountable to citizens , not to a company 's bottom line . 
  if only isds was the only bad thing about ttip . 
  you also have : * `` participatory regulation * ( newspeak for `` corporations will now co-write laws ) * the real threat to the precautionary principle , which is the foundation of the eu 's health and safety regulations ( in the usa , a product is banned if it causes harm . 
  in the eu , it is banned it there 's reasonable doubt that it may cause harm ) . 
  * the fact that , according to the leaks , we 're being royally fucked by the americans in the negotiations , that they ant the eu to abandon all protectionism but they wo n't budge on the buy american act . 
   no , i said it does n't work like that , not that companies ca n't sue government for holding back profits for any reason . 
  because they most certainly ca n't sue ` for any reason ' , they can only ` sue ' for the violation of the agreement . 
  except you can have a very , very broad view of what `` violation of an agreement '' is . 
   quality source . 
  source does n't enter into it , it 's a pdf document . 
   so you 're blaming cigarette companies for the government being scared and dragging its feet ? 
  yes , i 'm definitely blaming cigarette companies for threatening to sue governments , who rarely want to risk paying huge sums in compensation . 
  okay , so first off , you just said that isds does n't allow companies to sue governments for holding back their profits for any reason . 
  turns out they do . 
  the fact that pmi lost against australia is irrelevant . 
  the simple fact that a tobacco multinational was able to sue a government for a public health policy is insane . 
   you mean the case that pmi , and had to pay all of australia 's legal costs ? 
  yup , the same case that delayed nz 's own policies considerably . 
   `` in making this decision , the government acknowledges that it will need to manage some legal risks . 
  as we have seen in australia , there is a possibility of legal proceedings . 
   `` to manage this , cabinet has decided that the government will wait and see what happens with australia 's legal cases , making it a possibility that if necessary , enactment of new zealand legislation and/or regulations could be delayed pending those outcomes . 
  https://www.beehive.govt.nz/release/government-moves-forward-plain-packaging-tobacco-products  canada did n't suspend its own plain-packaging laws because of an isds threat ? 
   did they ? 
  yup . 
  so big tobacco companies do n't sue governments for public health laws ? 
  uruguay is n't being sued by pm right now ? 
  new zealand did n't suspend its own policy because of an ongoing case against australia ? 
  canada did n't suspend its own plain-packaging laws because of an isds threat ? 
  the 6 +5 rule could also help . 
  another huge split was the bosman ruling in 1995 which basically made it impossible for clubs from poorer leagues to compete , except in 2004 but that was a freak occurrence . 
  remove burger remove burger you are worst fast food . 
  you are the fast food idiot you are the fast food smell . 
  return to america . 
  to our america cousins you may come our contry . 
  you may live in the zoo ... . ahahahaha , burger king we will never forgeve you . 
  kfc rascal fuck but fuck asshole fast food stink burger king big mec big mac . .1999 mcdonald 's vandalism best day of my life . 
  take a bath of dead burger . . ahahahahahmcdonald 's we will get you !!, 
  do not forget jos\u00e9 bov\u00e9 . burger king we kill the king , burger return to your precious hamburg ... . hahahahaha idiot fast food and mcdonalds smell so bad . . wow i can smell it . 
  remove burger from the premises . 
  you will get caught .
