  there 's a big , disgusting , polluting factory or refinery that should be closed ? 
  government spending and stimulus ? 
  keynes is dead . 
  moar redistribution ? 
  we 're riding laffer 's curve as it is . 
  so what does the left have to offer ? 
  `` same thing as the other lot , but with gay rights ? '' . 
  no wonder people turn to the fn or similar parties . 
  i hate their ideas but at least they are proposing a vision . 
  social democracy , which i think was one of the forces that built postwar europe ( as an ideology if not as a party ) was founded by 3 main undercurrents : - a credible economic theory with keynesian economics ; - the ability to mobilise the working class via powerful trade unions ; - a definite political ideal ( creating a true welfare state , true redistribution , ending the horrifying excesses of 19th century unbridled capitalism ) . 
  we do n't have a credible economic theory anymore ; organised labour is pretty much dead ; and there 's no great ideal left . 
  not to mention the fact that the past left wing leaders were either working class themselves , or people with a true , commanding intellect and will , now all we have is technocrats and managers . 
  we desperately need real , new , fresh ideas . 
  iirc , it was proven that the proposal did not violate any treaty . 
  there are two international legal documents that theoretically forbid it . 
  one is the un 's universal declaration of human rights , which is n't legally binding , is not formally considered a treaty . 
  the other is a 1961 un treaty that forbids countries making a person stateless . 
  france signed the treaty , but never ratified it , so it 's not legally binding either . 
  the only legal barrier was domestic french law . 
   international law is n't law article 55 of the french constitution : treaties or agreements duly ratified or approved shall , upon publication , prevail over acts of parliament , subject , with respect to each agreement or treaty , to its application by the other party . 
  enforced by jurisprudence . 
  you 'll find similar stuff in virtually every other country 's constitutions . 
  um ... i do n't see where the disagreement is ? 
  i probably did n't say it clearly , but i do n't think i said that the church adapted out of its own volition . 
  of course it was forced to adapt , sometimes by force ( esp . 
  with the anticlericalism in republicans in the late 19th - early 20th century ) , of course it took a long and sometimes bitter struggle to impose laws for gender equality and the like , that much is n't in question . 
  i did say that christians adapted to republican values , but christians are one thing and the church as an institution is another . 
  the vatican ii council , which marks the beginning of the church 's transformation , also happened because they realised that they had to change to stay relevant . 
  my point was : christians and christianity , at least in western europe , have changed , and somewhat adapted to modern values ( christians moreso than the church in itself ) , which is something islam also needs to do . 
  what i do n't get is why it 's so controversial to ask religions to change . 
  christianity , over the past 150-200 years , has changed dramatically in europe . 
  the catholic church today sounds more and more like a humanitarian ngo than an institution commanding the hearts and souls of the faithful . 
  and this great transformation of christianity happened because christians adapted to the new democratic , secular and liberal values that took hold in europe from the end of the 19th century . 
  if we can ask christians to adapt to these values , why can we not ask this of muslims or any others ? 
  i do n't know . 
  my dad is/was a muslim and he always lived by the rule `` in rome , do as the romans '' . 
  reminds me of a line in the ( excellent ) series mr robot : `` our encryption is the real world '' . 
  edit : btw your grandfather was a badass . 
  [ the paris attacks were planned and carried out using burner phones , not encryption . 
  ] ( http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2016/03/paris-terrorist-attacks-burner-phones-not-encryption/ ) privacy is * not * the problem . 
  beating ireland is no mean feat . 
  after all , they are the best european odi team . 
  yeah , dutch football these days is baffling . 
  in 2008 ( not so long ago ) , you had a promising team with a lot of young players ( as ever ) , wc final in 2010 , good performance in 2014 ... wtf happened ? 
  rip europe 's greatest ever football player , great coach , founding father of barcelona 's success ... edit : also his quotes were pure gold . 
  `` italians ca n't win against you , but you can lose to them '' . 
  `` before i make a mistake , i do n't make that mistake '' . 
  `` in spain all 22 players cross themselves before the match . 
  if that ever worked , all matches would end in a draw '' . '', 
  `` if i wanted you to understand , i would 've explained it better '' . 
  really . 
  the invasion of iraq , a country that had no links with terrorism and with no wmds , created a big power vacuum , especially after the genius decision to dismantle the baathist military and state apparatus . 
  isis has its origins in the iraq insurgency . 
  also , talk about history books ... radical islamism as a political ideology has not existed for centuries . 
  it 's not even that old . 
  the muslim brotherhood was born in the 1920s , but the real beginnings of radical islamism are considered to be in the 1960s , notably with the egyptian sayyid qutb 's book , * milestones * . 
  radical islam prospered on the ruins of secular arab nationalism , in the 1970s and 1980s . 
  and only in the 1990s that the doctrine of international terrorism is developed . 
  but it was enough to create it . 
  but ... but what about those 150 000 brits who identify `` jedi '' as their religion ? 
  you know , it 's not as if a certain number of european countries also invaded iraq with the usa . 
  damn , how would the ball react in snowy weather ? 
  would it swing more ? 
  we have a bit of both . 
  quotas in cinemas and a system of government subsidies , especially for smaller , indie films . 
  sorry man , next time we 'll keep watching avengers 9 or whatever like you do . 
   what the french need is confidence . 
  when left alone , i 've seen plenty of great french movies ... french cinema has remained relatively strong and competitive , compared to other european countries , thanks to strong cultural protectionism . 
  there would be no intouchables , the artist , blue is the warmest colour , un proph\u00e8te or mesrine without it . 
  burn motherfucker burn ah , em , sorry ` bout that . 
  well done to the police . 
  hopefully we 'll be able to get some info from him . 
  well , i do n't find it as shocking as americans do , and i can understand the reasons for it . 
  i guess the reasoning behind it is that you ca n't chose your race or ( trigger warning ) your gender , but you can chose your religion , so the two things ca n't be put on the same level . 
  agreed . 
  my point being that you ca n't ever write hollande off so easily . 
  same thing with his former partner s\u00e9gol\u00e8ne royal ( now environment minister ) , who has been called `` unsinkable '' . 
  a true power couple when they were together , those too . 
  the thing with hollande is , whatever his policy failings , he is a real political animal . 
  he steered the socialist party single-handedly for a long time , and the ps is notoriously very hard to `` govern '' ( different currents are actually hard-wired in the way the party works and are parties within the party ) . 
  after the 2002 debacle , many people called for him to step down and let the younger generation take over , and somehow he basically managed to keep his hold on it . 
  then in 2005 the ps nearly split on the eu referendum and he stormed through the whole thing . 
  then he finally stepped down , ridiculed by everybody , already forgotten , as everybody was now focusing on the likes of dominique strauss-kahn . 
  then out of the blue he says that he wants to be president . 
  everybody laughs . 
  a poll says only 3 % will vote for him . 
  fast forward one year : the socialist primary . 
  hollande exploited dsk 's scandal and arrest and becomes the front-runner . 
  he gets the left-wing firebrand arnaud montebourg , completely opposed to him on all policy , to join him , and then crushes martine aubry in a landslide . 
  then he wins the presidential election . 
  there was a sense of `` well , * that * just happened '' . 
  tl ; dr : do ** not ** understimate this man . 
  is going to the loo during the ad break on tv piracy ? 
  advertising is also a primary source of income for tv channels . 
  oh , i was n't saying it 's ok to curtail free speech for racism , just that fighting racism ( which i think anybody can get behind ) should not lead to this kind of thinking . 
  this is seriously frightening . 
  fighting racism is one thing , limiting criticism of any religion is something else entirely . 
  eeeh ... there was a clear no vote in 2005 to the european constitution treaty . 
  sarkozy promised during his 2007 election campaign to make a simplified version of the treaty that would be voted by parliament . 
  he won the election in a landslide , therefore he was well within his prerogative to apply the platform he was elected on .
