  also , having a service outside the us and uk is n't that important in my opinion - as snowden and subsequent leaks have shown , a lot of other european countries comply very quickly when the usa asks them . 
  use of coolies for advertising purposes does n't mean i have to see the ad . 
  they tried that here . 
  within hours of the announcement somebody came up with a way of circumventing the adblocker blocking and that was that . 
  something something leveson inquiry . 
  german was an important language before the nazis . 
  if only because of the austrian empire . 
  german is considered insanely hard . 
  the one reason people take german is because there 's a stereotype that the best students take german , so if you take german you 'll be in a `` good '' class . 
  i took spanish out of laziness and kinda regret it now . 
  from the legal french government 's perspective , the war with germany was all but over and they had orders to stay put . 
  some brave ships did leave and join the uk but those that did n't were n't right or wrong , or being arrogant , or hating the british , just following orders . 
  we 're talking about why the allies were n't always popular . 
  civilian deaths from bombings and rapes did happen . 
  you do n't see them in * saving private ryan * , but they happened . 
  except nobody believes that anymore , at all . 
  de gaulle pushed that myth because he believed that the country would never be able to get back up and go forward again without it . 
  it was a taboo until paxton 's book , and then historical research did its job . 
  and contrary to what you can see on reddit , this part is never glossed over at school . 
  pointing out facts about the normandy campaign is now hating , okay , got it . 
  what the fuck does arrogance have to do with it ? 
  they 're military . 
  they follow orders . 
  leaving the harbor would have been close to treason . 
  de gaulle called for them to leave but he was a nobody at the time . 
  it 's not often mentioned but thousands of civilians died in the fighting in normandy . 
  the bombing of le havre was deadly . 
  so yeah , a lot of people were n't exactly thrilled . 
  not to mention the rapes - the us army even had to issue a manual where they explained that french women were n't whores ready to sleep with anyone . 
  in places where civilian casualties were much lower or practically non-existent , the allies did receive a triumphant reception . 
  * la france est une r\u00e9publique une et indivisible * is literally the first sentence in the constitution . 
  french people have a bad perception of everything . 
  there was an amusing poll where we ended up among the most pessimistic people worldwide , even more so than some truly fucked-up places . 
  wow , this is possibly the dumbest article i 've ever read . 
  not at all , it 's just that for a lot of people it does n't even have the social and political meaning it used to . 
  tons of heterosexual people turn up at pride , just to have fun . 
  gay pride was invented for lgbt people to be able to say out loud `` we exist , we 're not ashamed of it , and we 're proud '' . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  now it 's just become an excuse to have a big party in the streets . 
  you should check out the story of the mitford sisters in the uk . 
  all came from an aristocratic background , but one of them was a fascist and married the head of the british union of fascists , the second was a fervent nazi and had a mad crush on hitler , going as far stalking him in germany , possibly becoming one of his mistresses , while the third was a communist , and she left the uk for the usa where she became a figure in the civil rights movement . 
  proposing a tax to solve a problem ? 
  fuck me , that guy is well integrated here . 
  pretty ambiguous question . 
  for most of us without any direct threat on the border , fighting wars means actively joining the military and fighting somewhere in the middle east or africa for some vague , and sometimes bullshit , reason . 
  i think the average western european simply does n't imagine that there 'll be a war with bordering countries anytime soon . 
  therefore , with this mindset , would i join the military and `` fight for my country '' ? 
  fuck no . 
  asking `` would you fight for your country if it were invaded ? '', 
  might have been more helpful . 
  you can find some really good french wines for less than 10 $ though . 
  he wo n't be the lr candidate . 
  that 's ... more or less what i said . 
  my point is that even parliamentary democracies indirectly vote for the pm . 
  well , first some countries do directly elect their executives . 
  parliamentary democracies do n't directly elect their executives , but at the end of the day , you know that you 'll get leader x if you vote for this party or leader y if you vote for that party . 
  it 's not the same thing constitutionally , but in terms of perception it 's really not that different . 
  the problem with the eu commission is that we 're never really garanteed who 'll end up as president of the commission regardless of the vote . 
  that 's also the case in all parliamentary democracies . 
  but since you know that if one party wins their leader will be pm , and you know that leader , you 're pretty much indirectly voting for him . 
  i mean , i 'm not that aware of politics in norway , but if i 'm not mistaken in the uk the 2015 election was very much a cameron vs miliband . 
  a lot of people voted conservative because they trusted cameron 's leadership and economic competence . 
  heh , i meant , on a rheotical level , going on about `` making good deals '' . 
  yeah , i 'm surprised he has n't shown up yet !, 
  i 'm pretty sure there will be an isds for ttip . 
  the commission did say that they would try and negotiate for some restrictions to any abuse of the mechanism but that 's only if you trust them . 
  i do n't , really , neither their integrity nor their capacity to make good deals ( fuck i 'm sounding like a trump supporter now , are n't i ? 
  so what about all those prayers to holy mary , then ? 
   samuel laurent of le monde noted that `` the hashtag #pasmonpape is made up of 90 % of tweets which are mocking and condemning it '' . 
  oh yes , then clearly this hashtag is a symbol of divisions . 
  well , first that would n't be his decision but the parliament 's decision . 
  a parliament that 'll have the whole left-wing , the fn and quite possibly a chunk of the right-wing party against the treaty . 
  i 'm not even going to start thinking about the strikes . 
  ttip is political poison . 
   it is so obviously better for them to be part of the eu . 
  that 's not for you or me to say . 
  sure , in 10 years if the uk collapses we could say that staying in the eu was the better option . 
  right now though , short-term uncertainty is n't sufficient to say it was a bad decision . 
   that is what you elect politicians to create policy to avoid . 
  well , that 's where the problem is . 
  we did n't really directly elect tax fraudster juncker . 
  oh , sure , there was a epp majority in the eu parliament elections , but the naming of juncker and the commission is still done by interstate negociation more than democratic election ( see merkel 's comments before the eu election that a socialist majority would n't mean esp leader martin schulz would be president of the eu commission , or the conundrum between the uk and germany about juncker getting the job ) . 
  about your main point : no-one is saying that a referendum is the best solution to anything . 
  my point was that it 's incredibly misleading to oppose the ignorant mass of the plebs versus the enlightened experts . 
  because conflict of interest and influence to lobbies is definitely a thing , and a very widespread thing at that at the european level . 
  ( i 'm mostly talking from my own experience working in public affairs and lobbying , but i 'm sure there are studies about it ) . 
  experts and specialists should n't be excluded from the equation at all , far from it . 
  we definitely need the , but they ca n't be allowed to take the most important decisions independently of the people . 
  i 'd bet on it if i had any money . 
  also , ttip is an extremely toxic issue , and is probably even more unpopular here than in germany . 
  any future president would lose a massive amount of political capital , not to mention a barrage of opposition from all sides , including his own party if he went through with this . 
  on the other hand , opposing ttip is a way of scoring easy political points . 
  hell even jupp\u00e9 has said that he 'd oppose ttip in its current form . 
  well , that 's a good point , but even in a parliamentary democracy you 're indirectly voting for a person to be leader , and on his platform , which includes specific policy details . 
   germans believe that ttip would let us companies sue the german government for lost profits if germany passes health and safety laws that regulate things like risky food additives , smoking , or pesticides . 
  i 'm not sure if ttip would actually do that . 
  that 's , like , the point of isds agreements . 
   i suspect that the eu 's trade negotiators probably have a more-informed position on trade agreements than the public . 
  or answer to specific interests . 
  the thing is , you can also say that for elections , since people do n't understand 90 % of what a pm/president does .
