  i always thought that they did . 
  that 's ... interesting . 
  erm , [ not really ? 
  ] ( http://fr.cdn.v5.futura-sciences.com/builds/images/rte/rtemagicc_34719_centrales_nucleaires-france_ide_01_txdam25762_9dd4e4.jpg ), 
  erm , the other side were the legitimate spanish government before the civil war . 
  there was n't any curtailment of democracy or civil rights then , was there ? 
  hommage to catalonia is a nice read . 
  they made a film out of it too , called * land and freedom * by ken loach . 
  have you heard of this place called orlando , or of san bernardino ? 
  it 's pretty analogous , in my understanding , of how the eu tackled microsoft . 
  internet explorer , for example , had such a massive market share because it came pre-installed on all windows machines , with few people even knowing that alternative browsers could exist . 
  android was n't developed by google but by android , inc. . google brought them in 2004 or 2005 . 
  i believe it came from marcel bloch 's codename in the resistance , `` char d'assault '' ( assault tank ) . 
   do n't play these games . 
  it was n't a genocide but the republicans did target civilians and the `` royalists '' ( so called ) suffered far greater than the republicans . 
  the whole reason it started was due to `` republican '' repression and their military draft . 
  the royalists targeted civilians as well . 
  as i 've said elswhere in this thread , about 30 to 40 000 vend\u00e9en republicans were slaughtered by the royalists . 
  it started because of the draft and because of their refusal of the revolution , any of its principles , and their will to return to the ancien r\u00e9gime . 
  and let 's not forget that it happened in retaliation to events such as the machecoul massacres where republicans were taken out and murdered in the streets if they refused to say `` long live the king '' . 
  yes , more royalists died . 
  because they lost the war . 
   maybe if the `` republic '' was more interested in actual freedom rather than focusing on destroying the church and aristocracy , the uprising would n't have happened . 
  oh , come on . 
  that does n't even mean anything . 
  `` interested in actual freedom '' ? 
  yeah , that 's very nice , but when the church and the aristocracy and every single country in europe is trying to prevent you from doing that , it 's kind of hard to just sit back and let them , is n't it ? 
   we did n't kill anyone who criticized the revolution . 
  and you 're still playing `` you did it to ! '', 
  sure , just ignore the part where i acknowledge that it was n't as violent and try to give an explanation for it - or the part where i say it was justified . 
  we 've been over this several times . 
  you think mass murder is fine and dandy if it fits your politics . 
  i think that 's bs . 
  there have been many countries than transitioned to democracy without mass murder . 
  stop being a blind apologist and accept the fact that the terror was a terrible , unnecessary act of cruelty that can never be justified . 
  face up to the fact that the republic killed innocent people - a lot of them - instead of trying to weasel around it . 
  i do n't have a boner for political murder , no . 
  i do think that in certain , terrible , extraordinary circumstances , sometimes exceptional and hard measures have to be taken . 
  this has been used to justify atrocities , but it 's also a principle that 's been used for noble causes or by democratic states . 
  many countries have transitioned to democracy without any horrible violence , sure . 
  how many did it in the 18th century ? 
  how many did it in the context of a civil war and a pan-european war ? 
  finally , i never said no innocent people died . 
  they did . 
  it 's part of the horrible excesses of the terror , that should have been avoided , but were n't . 
  and you can cut the crap about blind apologism . 
  unlike your wholesale condemnation of the revolution , all i 'm saying is that the terror was horrifying , but ultimately largely necessary . 
  it 's not my fault the church and the aristocracy decided they would rebel against the abolition of privileges . 
  or that war was declared . 
  but that 's what happened , and against that , just letting them do their thing would have meant the end of the revolution and a swift return to the ancien r\u00e9gime . 
   if you think mass murder is the only way to achieve your goal , your goal is evil . 
  interesting philosophical debate , if nothing else . 
  does the end justify the means ? 
  i tend to say yes . 
  about 30 to 40 000 vend\u00e9en republicans died . 
  all people from the vend\u00e9e were n't royalists and catholics . 
  when barr\u00e8re called to destroy `` vend\u00e9e militaire '' , he 's not calling for the killing of every single vend\u00e9en but the crushing of the insurrection ( he also stated that women , children and old people be spared , for what it 's worth ) . 
  there were heavy military and civilian casualties on both sides . 
  there are more on the royalist side , because thankfully the republicans won . 
  yes , after the catholics staged mass murder of republicans . 
  people loyal to the revolution were also killed en masse . 
  and war crimes are not genocide . 
  * sigh * there was no genocide in the vend\u00e9e . 
  there was a civil war , in which the republican side won . 
  it 's estimated that about 200 000 people , from all sides , died during the vend\u00e9e war . 
  of these , 30 000 were republican troops , and 170 000 were vend\u00e9en people ... of which a quarter were vend\u00e9en republicans slaughtered by vend\u00e9en royalists . 
  and the rest were not just civilians but members of the royal and catholic army . 
  no genocide , which suggests a systematic destruction of a whole population , but a very , very bloody civil war . 
   did you provide evidence that the vast majority were evil enough to lose their heads ? 
  then yes , it 's a fact . 
  funny , i guess it 's guilty until proven innocent if you 're an aristocrat . 
  and a lot more people than aristocrats were killed . 
  i 'm not going to go through the minutes of every trial right now to prove a point . 
  but saying that the terror only targeted innocents is bs . 
  it was set up to crush counterrevolutionaries , which it did , with some terrible excesses . 
  most of the terror 's victims , btw , were in the vend\u00e9e , where a brutal civil war was happening ( where the republican side , i might add , was n't the only bad guy - the royalists slaughtered thousands of republicans as well ) . 
  i hope you 're not one of those `` vendean genocide '' people , because that 's been thoroughly debunked . 
   live up to your republican values and leave them be . 
  freedom of belief . 
  oh yeah , sure that happens in revolutions . 
  you just let counterrevolutionaries do their thing . 
  sorry , but no . 
  were loyalists able to keep their loyalist beliefs during the american revolution ? 
  nope , they were ostracised , could n't keep their jobs , had to pledge their allegiance to the independence or gtfo , and they had to go to exile to canada . 
  * and it was entirely justified * . 
  in that kind of a situation , the normal rules do n't really apply . 
  it was n't as violent , simply because the american revolution was n't as violent ( which is mainly because , well , it was much less revolutionary . 
  the french revolution was against a thousand years of history , against deep social influences , and not to mention against all of europe . 
  it 's only natural that it was more violent ) . 
   it 's still `` you did it too !, 
  '' , which is a weak argument . 
  you 're misunderstanding ( or i 'm not saying it right ) . 
  i 'm not saying `` you did it too so there ! '' . 
  i 'm saying that in extreme times , shit happens . 
  and you ca n't gloss over one thing while condemning another . 
  mass murder is never justified , yet when the horrors of strategic bombing are pointed out , the answer is `` it was necessary to win the war '' . 
  which may well be true . 
  the revolution could n't have survived without the reign of terror . 
  it would have collapsed because there would n't have been any kind of capacity to deal with vend\u00e9e insurrection , the austro-prussian invasion , etc. 
   and `` anglo-saxon world '' ?
