  no actually his plan to create job growth is to allow evil jewish bankers to rape dead women while feasting on their fetuses . 
  if your system were in place , the eu would just be run by france and germany , with a token italian here and there . 
  were you asleep during the last ep elections ? 
  you know , the ones that determined whether juncker or schulz would be president of the commission , and once epp therefore juncker won the election , david cameron refused that and made it all into a state-to-state negotiation ? 
  right before going back to london to whine about how undemocratic the eu is . 
  also known as the ben carson syndrome . 
  do n't you know ? 
  creating a simple light show actually mobilised the entire eu commission , parliament , council , as well as every eu official and civil servant . 
  absolutely nothing else was being done . 
  it definitely exists . 
  homophobes still hate you . 
  non-homophobes think you 're weird . 
  homosexuals think you 're a traitor . 
  not sure there was one really . 
  well , the honeymoon lasted 10 days . 
  hmm , philippe did preside over transforming le havre , which was a decaying port city some time back . 
  so that 's a symbol as well . 
  those are the jobs that are disappearing and that trump promised to save . 
  because coal mining is the epitome of economic achievement . 
  there is n't a ttip agreement because negotiations were ongoing and then more or less dropped . 
  euro 2016 un secretary general eurovision song contest man portugal is on a roll !, 
  oh god please too much terrible music , no more !, 
  i just want to crawl under my bed and lie in the foetus position in silence , nursing my ears to sanity , then cry because i 'll never have a chance with the greek singer . 
  but hey overall great eurovision guys , way better than last year !, 
  it 's * eurovision * mate , nobody cares if the song is good , it just needs to be catchy or political . 
   you get the sweet bust to gdp growth we get the eurovision points :p yes , `` sweet bust '' is how i 'd describe poland 's entry . 
  with her weird fake cockney accent . 
  but yeah it 's the only winning song i remember !, 
  rooting for italy , such a fun , happy and cheerful song !, 
  plus harambe . 
  good song but what 's with the weird faces ? 
  guys i think that virus everyone 's talking about infected eurovision . 
  i see spain sent their totally original boys band una direccion . 
  now , come on guys , let 's be gentlemen and only judge the quality of the so ... oh fuck it . 
  * oh god those legs *, 
  europeans hate him !, 
  learn how this australian singer gon ' steal yo girl with one weird eurovision trick !, 
  croatia got samwell tarly for eurovision !, 
  edit : this guy 's totally plagiarising let it go !, 
  wtf is this shit ? 
  i love it !, 
  on the one hand the music is boring and his mannerisms are infuriating . 
  on the other hand no homo but i 'd pay good money to meet him in the bath . 
  jesus christ those tits . 
  this guy is almost offensively italian . 
  me too i 'm just making fun of everyone, 
  look kids , this is what dictatorships turn you into !, 
  i can fap to this, 
  okay israel , the early 90s called , they want their music back . 
  she looks like she just came straight from her office job, 
  based on hotness i 'm gon na support poland ( again ) and especially greece . 
  i 'm already a bit drunk , i do n't give a fuck about musical quality , i just want mind-destroying weirdness . 
  come on europe . 
  bring it on . 
  good points . 
  imo , this rise of `` eu patriotism '' of sorts is a reaction to euroskepticism . 
  in the 1970s , 1980s , 1990s , the european project just seemed like a natural order of things , it just made sense to do so . 
  the eu was n't really defended , it did n't elicit any great passion , it was just this thing we were a part of and did n't really think about too much . 
  all that while , euroskepticism gained ground , and just had more momentum , and bashed against this status quo . 
  as a result , there is now a counter-rise in pro-eu sentiment . 
  i 'm sure it 's a minority , but i can see pro-eu people switching from `` we should do this because it makes sense '' to `` we should do this because it 's our common identity '' . 
  your article 's title is blatantly false as well . 
  marine le pen secured over a third of voters aged 18-24 . 
  all the others flocked to macron . 
  as a majority the youth here at least are not anti-eu . 
  because populists do n't do that ? 
  how many times have i heard `` the left only wins with the votes of educated urban people , immigrants , women , etc. '' ? 
  as if working-class white people 's votes are somehow more valuable . 
  on both sides of the spectrum this is a stupid trend . 
  justinian 's legacy , really !, 
  in the media we often see richard ferrand ( ex-socialist mp ) who is macron 's right-hand man , christophe castaner ( ex socialist mp ) , benjamin griveaux ( en marche 's spokesperson ) and g\u00e9rard collomb ( ~ ~ supreme duke ~ ~ mayor of lyon ), 
  well , yeah , famines were much more prevalent before . 
  also , the number of hungry , starving , undernourished people in the world has fallen dramatically since 1990 and it keeps falling . 
  try producing your own sandwich without labour specialisation , trade , price incentives , etc. 
  i dare ya . 
   ban lobbying alright , so i ca n't write to my mp about certain issues ? 
  all those awesome net neutrality campaigns should be banned as well ? 
   abolish any tax that multinationals can dodge and small/midsize enterprises ca n't * `` you ca n't dodge tax if there 's no tax !, 
  '' *  for worker exploitation :  reduce overpopulation ( which cheapens the value of human life ) so just increase wealth , right ? 
  since the biggest factor in people having less children is actually them getting richer . 
  now i 'm all for liberalisation but you touch our time off and there 's going to be a guillotine on every town square soon . 
  [ jacobinism intensifies ] * ( but you pig-fucking rain-worshipping fake celtic weirdos probably saved us from le pen so i 'll allow it ) *, 
   they do n't do self deprecating humour though . 
  at all . 
  do n't even know what it is  we do , a lot , but you 'll never hear it , because it 's only between ourselves . 
  you think the surrender jokes are bad ? 
  i 've heard way , way worse from french people . 
  but the second a foreigner says anything , then it becomes intolerable . 
  do n't believe me ? 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwti-u5nlos ) is a clip from the early 2000s from a programme that was super popular , called * les guignols de l'info * , a kind of more vicious * spitting image * . 
  the whole clip is just joke after joke about the army . 
  asanovic , boban and prosinecki in the middle , with suker up front , amazing team . 
  even though we had to face them in a pretty ill-tempered match , but i 've had admiration for croatian football and their seemingly endless supply of creative midfielders ever since . 
  this is why macron won . 
  the basic idea with them was that the jew is the agent of the dissolution of traditional europe , its culture and values , replacing them with some form of internationalism ( remember the classic case of victim-blaming : the jew ca n't be trusted because he has no land ) , either with dirty dirty financial capitalism ( as opposed to good , old-fashioned , honest , manual labour capitalism ) or with international socialist revolution . 
  i think it was herzl who said that `` when the jew is rich , they call him a capitalist , when he is poor , they call him a socialist '' . 
  wait a minute , this sort of speech sounds surprisingly familiar ... 
  ** macron walking to give his second victory speech as the european anthem resonates across the louvre ** i 'm having an eugasm right now, 
  your salt will go * very well * with my boeuf bourguignon . 
  fuck nationalism , fuck hate , fuck fake news , fuck close-mindedness , long live europe , progressive liberalism , the republic and ** france !,
