  if i ever have a daughter , i 'll name her eudoxia for sure . 
  classical liberalism and thatcherite ideals are the single most poisonous political ideas in france . 
  fillon backed off on his promises during the primaries almost immediately . 
  iirc because it 's a self-defeating system . 
  the supply of gold ca n't keep up with the expansion of trade and thus the circulation of money in the world . 
  or something . 
  i may be talking out of my ass here , correct me if i am . 
  conveniently forgetting about the patriot act , and ignoring anything released by snowden , though . 
  also that slate article is from 2006 . 
  we know much more now than then ( especially since it has absolute r/shitamericanssay material such as `` and europeans have no equivalent to the american constitution , which enshrines the right of individuals to be free from government coercion '' ) . 
  you 're talking about warrantless wiretapping - but legal and police traditions are not the same on both sides of the atlantic , making that comparison a bit superfluous . 
  what does exist is the massive harvesting of private data of us citizens ( and everybody else , really ) , by governmental organisations . 
  i 'll add that when google , facebook , microsoft , etc. 
  have been shown to let the us government look at their data , protecting consumers from corporations is , in effect , protecting them from the government . 
  that 's still a lot - i do n't think my parents know such a thing as skyrim or gta exists !, 
  no , i was referring to domestic activities as well . 
  question for polish people - how is cdprojekt red seen in poland , outside of the gamer and millenial demographics , by the general population and the media ? 
  are people generally aware of them ? 
  the witcher 3 is in the top selling games on steam , so yeah . 
   the eu places more restrictions on what companies may do . 
  the us places more restrictions on what the government may do . 
  i refuse to believe you typed that out with a straight face . 
  remove patois remove patois french greatest language remove filthy backwards dialects from the premises, 
  you and [ thousands of others , homie ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jediism ), 
  they do have a terrible marketing / pr department . 
  but otherwise information is n't hidden at all . 
  in fact the eu websites are way more informative and open than many others . 
  it 's ... not the eu 's fault if citizens do n't know the channels to voice opposition . 
  despite the fact that they exist . 
  writing to your mp is a normal and natural thing to do in national politics , why not writing to your mep ? 
  as if . 
  most people do n't care about e2ee and will be very easily swayed by the `` it 's to stop the terrorists !, 
  nothing to fear if you have nothing to hide ! '', 
  arguments . 
  how ... how is terrorism even remotely related to the eu ? 
  we have that sort of outlook on things . 
  the same attitude exists vis-a-vis anything . 
  we value solidarity , but we have record levels of mistrust in one another . 
  we believe in a strong role for the state , but we do n't trust it . 
  the lisbon treaty was voted by our own parliament . 
  it was part of the platform of sarkozy who 'd been elected . 
  the lisbon treaty is not the same as the 2005 treaty that we rejected . 
  the uk never wanted to be a real part of the eu . 
  all they wanted was just a big giant free trade zone , with no regulation and no political project whatsoever . 
  the uk entering the eec in the first place just should n't have happened , and is basically a big historical misunderstanding . 
  the eu was always a political project , and british politicians sold it to the british public as just an economic union . 
  just remember how they threw a fit at juncker becoming the president of the eu commission and wanting another guy chosen behind closed doors between governments , despite juncker being , you know , elected . 
  and after that we keep hearing the eu is undemocratic . 
  this is just one example , there are countless others . 
  so yeah , losing the uk is n't great on the whole . 
  but it 's better that than dragging along a country that does n't want to be part of it was just going to be bad for both the uk and the eu . 
  [ this op-ed by ex french pm michel rocard ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/idees/article/2014/06/05/amis-anglais-sortez-de-l-union-europeenne-mais-ne-la-faites-pas-mourir_4431399_3232.html ) way back in 2014 basically sums up why it is reasonable to want the uk to leave the eu from an eu perspective . 
  ( actually i might translate and post it here someday ) . 
  both the napoleonic code and german law are based off roman civil law , or , to be more precise , on the compilation and re-ordering done by based justinian and tribonian . 
  [ justinian 's * institutes * ] ( http://amesfoundation.law.harvard.edu/digital/cjciv/jinst.pdf ) ( a textbook for law students ) makes for an interesting read , and some parts sound incredibly modern , for something written 1 500 years ago and itself based on principles that were a few centuries older , too :  justice is the set and constant purpose which gives to every man his due . 
   jurisprudence is the knowledge of things divine and human , the science of the just and the unjust . 
   the precepts of the law are these : to live honestly , to injure no one , and to give every man his due . 
   freedom , from which men are called free , is a man 's natural power of doing what he pleases , so far as he is not prevented by force or law, 
  the whole field of administrative law ( which is a huge deal ) is pretty much entirely jurisprudential in nature . 
  erm , the first jet fighters were german , then british ... 
  eu law is kinda sorta a mix of napoleonic and german law . 
  good riddance . 
  it 's obviously much better this way . 
  now we can move forward with the european project ( especially if there 's a macron / schulz duo in power ) , and the uk can accomplish its dream of becoming the 51st state . 
  lol it was the uk who wanted `` informal negotiations '' behind closed doors ... 
  oh right , i never really looked up at the guy , i just knew him as `` that guy who talked about pan-europa in the 1920s '' ... 
   and isds is not ? 
  in both cases they 're extranational courts/committees judging national legislation . 
  that 's the whole point , because the whole underlying assumption is that national judiciaries are jingoistic and partial . 
  isds is two parties accepting to give judgment to an impartial third party . 
  it 's nothing like have another country judiciary using judging cases via another countries ' laws . 
  no judge would ever accept that . 
   i do n't see why it 's so important to deny that these are partial accomodations . 
  what is wrong with taking into account feedback from civil society ? 
  `` partial accomodations '' makes it sound like they 're only minor changes . 
  they 're not . 
   opposition against isds is active for way longer than wallonia 's last minute stage fever . 
  sure , i just thought that you were pushing that line , which you were n't . 
  wow , coudenhove-kalergi had some pretty weird views on race . 
  he wanted a general white - black - jewish mix for humanity to look like the ancient egyptians . 
   there 's an alternative : if a company has exhausted juridical means of contesting a decision in one signatory , then they could bring it to the upper court of the other signatory . 
  if those agree , the point is moot . 
  if those disagree , the issue is brought on the table of the signatory countries again , who then need to clarify or add a rule to make sure the upper courts interprete it the same . 
  maybe i misunderstand , but how would this work ? 
  suppose a canadian company has a complaint about treatment from an eu government in which it 's established ( say france ) . 
  they bring it up with the french court , are n't satisfied so bring it up in appeal again , etc. 
  all the way to the top french court ( either the council of state or the court of cassation ) . 
  still does n't work . 
  so they go to the only court on top of that , the european court of justice . 
  still , the ecj says `` fuck off '' . 
  your solution means then the canadian company 's other solution is to turn to ... the canadian supreme court ? 
  who would then statute with regards to the treaty and with regards to french and eu law ? 
  that 's ... not going to work , or be accepted . 
  it 's a serious breach of sovereignty . 
   nota bene : these partial accommodations would n't even have been considered without the pressure and criticism against ceta and isds . 
  well , they 're not partial accomodations . 
  they 're simply a new way of doing these things . 
  and they came out of mutual canadian and european understanding that the traditional arbitration system was politically no longer acceptable , and that this new , very judicial one would work better . 
  if you 're thinking about the `` it was changed thanks to wallonia 's opposition '' , do n't . 
  it 's a fake narrative pushed by the walloon socialists for pr .
