  the issue was breach of contract . 
  sorry , it quite literally was . 
  the term breached was one against rising labour costs . 
   then say that . 
  or do n't , because your yourself quoted the commission 's commitment to terms that would require the us to respect those conventions . 
  um ... pretty much what i said . 
  the usa has n't ratified core ilo conventions . 
   the miracle of compromise , where you agree to certain terms that you did n't before , because they 're part of a deal that 's beneficial overall ? 
  leaks have shown the usa is n't interested in compromise . 
  also , i repeat myself : it would take a negotiating miracle for the usa to suddenly approve of principles it has n't ratified for decades . 
  that 's never going to happen , and you know it . 
   i live in the real world , where the us has better rights in terms of overtime pay than europe does . 
  just because it goes against your ` evil capitalist americans ruin everything ' narrative does n't mean that it 's untrue . 
  til worker 's rights = overtime pay , and overtime pay only . 
   you obviously know better than the european commission , and we should all listen to you instead of them , yes . 
  what a strange comment . 
  so we have to blindly accept any government official 's word as it is and not say anything against it , because obviously they know more than we do ? 
   no it did n't , and it 's either ignorant or dishonest to claim that it did . 
  egypt got into a suit because it violated the terms of an established contract that it was a party of . 
  those terms were allegedly violated , according to veolia , because of egypt 's minimum wage . 
  interesting that you did n't have anything to say on the new zealand / australia one . 
  there are many other examples , like vattenfall suing germany because of new environmental regulations and the like . 
   you know the us is not only part of the ilo , but sits on its governing body , right ? 
  you know that the usa has only ratified 2 out of 8 core ilo conventions , right ? 
  and the ones the usa did ratify are the ones against forced labour and on the `` worst forms of child labour '' . 
  it has n't ratified the rest . 
  so the usa would suddenly accept core principles it has not ratified before ? 
  by what miracle ? 
   the us already has better rights in terms of overtime pay than europe does , but let 's not let facts get in the way of a good , smug america-bashing . 
  i 'm sorry , but in what world do you live in where the usa has more worker 's rights than europe ? 
  so we 'll be able to block us products thanks to our higher standards , but european products will be able to flood us markets ? 
  do you honestly believe that ? 
  that document is hilarious . 
  it actually wants us to think that us products will be stopped by eu regulations while the eu will have a free run on the us market . 
  yeah right , like the usa would ever do something like that . 
  the part about isds is just blatant lying . 
  isds is one of the worst infringements on democracy and sovereignty . 
  i used this example before , but new zealand basically halted their tobacco laws because of an isds suit between australia and philip morris . 
  egypt got into a suit because it raised its minimum wage . 
  this is fucking pandora 's box . 
   for example , we want ttip to include commitments that guarantee that both the us and the eu respect core labour standards set out in core conventions of the international labour organisation ( ilo ) oh , you mean all those conventions the usa has not signed ? 
  to the usa , something as innocuous as the european social charter is basically communism . 
  they 'll ** never ** move an inch towards european-style worker 's rights . 
  did n't he also receive death threats because of his stance on same-sex marriage ? 
  so you 're expecting us to believe that this free trade agreement actually wo n't have any free trade in it ? 
  the fact that the precautionary principle does n't appear at any point should be a big red flag . 
  the leaks show that they 're definitely not budging from that position , while the eu has been desperately trying to compromise . 
  fears about the precautionary principle are therefore justified . 
  um , cause that 's what the usa wants for europe as well ? 
  til germans have feelings . 
  constantinople is a direct continuation of the roman empire . 
  russia ... not so much . 
  ca n't really think of any big negative in marx 's influence on those fields , quite the contrary . 
  subutai should really be recognised as one of the greatest commanders in history . 
  destroying the polish and hungarian armies in a few days in a coordinated attack with troops deployed 500 km apart is no mean feat !, 
  you mean , the roman empire , ca . 
  the point of separate gender studies is that sociology/history being the study of past and present human societies , they have a general trend of overlooking women . 
  thus , a specific area of study around women . 
  well , they did try to help . 
  in 468 , the eastern roman empire sent everything it had to reconquer roman africa , under basiliscus , a gigantic fleet with about 70 000 men and a thousand ships . 
  except they got routed by the vandal fleet at the battle of cape bon . 
  i happen to think women are n't food or animals , but maybe that 's just me being brainwashed by teh gender studies . 
  i do n't defend the capital `` grimly '' . 
  but anyways . 
  yeah , my mistake , it was n't about the french revolution ( there 's a similar passage about it , which is why i made that mistake ) . 
  looking into it , it comes from a polemic engels wrote against the `` anti-authoritarians '' , e.g. 
  the people who followed bakunin and the anarchists in the first international . 
  engels basically is arguing that they 're deluded if they think all authority will immediately disappear during a revolution . 
  engels is saying this is unrealistic , since revolutions are violent - as evidenced by absolutely all the revolutions in their time , and before their time . 
  also , you conveniently forgot to post what he says right before that :  why do the anti-authoritarians not confine themselves to crying out against political authority , the state ? 
  all socialists are agreed that the political state , and with it political authority , will disappear as a result of the coming social revolution , that is , that public functions will lose their political character and will be transformed into the simple administrative functions of watching over the true interests of society . 
  but the anti-authoritarians demand that the political state be abolished at one stroke , even before the social conditions that gave birth to it have been destroyed . 
  they demand that the first act of the social revolution shall be the abolition of authority . 
  the fact that a revolution is not going to be civilised is hardly anything marx or engels invented . 
  it 's a theoretical framework for historical analysis . 
  the study of history does n't have one set of absolute , `` true '' , proven frameworks - social history is as valid as economic history , cultural history , political history , etc. 
  really , the only 100 % discredited frameworks for studying history are `` great man theory '' and believing history is nothing but the will of god/gods . 
  yeah , he - engels , not marx , by the way - is talking about the french revolution . 
  revolutions are nearly always violent affairs , and they certainly were in that time . 
  it 's fine if you do n't want to have any sort of race-mixing . 
  it 's a bit problematic if you want to stop * others * from doing it . 
  eh , because i think the study of how we have attributed certain characteristics to either gender and how that changes through time , and through cultures , is interesting . 
  for example , how the colour pink slowly became a feminine colour despite being a very masculine colour until the 20th century ( and how blue did the exact inverse ) . 
  or how the idea of `` maternal instinct '' started to be generalised . 
  that sort of stuff . 
  oh , i 'm assuming you 're only talking about commodity fetishism . 
  except commodity fetishism and its criticism does n't mean `` maaan , we really should n't be so attached to our worldly posessions '' . 
  at all . 
  ah , well , we definitely agree in the end then . 
  as defined by marx , class struggle can not be avoided so long as there are classes . 
  and there has n't been a classless society ( in fact , even what we call `` primitive societies '' have some form of social distinction ) and there most probably wo n't be one ( barring fully automated luxury gay space communism obviously  . 
  right , so who was the guy who wrote about them before marx ? 
  not being a `` classic liberal universalist '' is one thing , screeching against `` race-mixing '' is another . 
   before i continue let me say this . 
  how about you stop trying to paint my views using words like `` naive '' and instead attack me on substance ? 
  that will make it easier for both of us . 
   now on to substance . 
  yes there is conflict in the us or australia . 
  it was addressed differently though . 
  not via marxist mean but through progressivism .
