  so by exploiting workers , just not here . 
  interesting - obviously marx is going to be controversial , even if there is very little in his writings that actually links to the ussr , to say nothing of maoism . 
  ( funnily marx said he was not a marxist ) most of marx 's writings are social , political and economic analysis of emerging capitalism , and as such they 're pretty interesting . 
  few ideas have been as influential as the materialist concept of history , commodity fetishism , globalisation , etc. 
  do n't worry , some.of us did n't hide it during the obama years either . 
  the uk , a founding dtate of the union ? 
  they joined 15 years after the rome treaty was signed and 21 after the coal and steel community . 
  the founding members of the eu are germany , france , italy and the benelux . 
   yet unless all women are kept under lock and key at all times , men will never , ever have the reassurance they crave . 
  pretty sure a dna test settles it all . 
   how about understanding fatherhood not as winning gold in an olympic sperm race , but as a contract endlessly renewed ? 
  how about fuck off ? 
  some men choose to help raise their wive 's children ( from a previous marriage for example ) , but that 's their choice and that 's fine . 
  raising someone else 's child , though ... how would she react about her child being swapped with another at the hospital ? 
  would she still say that `` motherhood is not an olympic birthgiving race , but a contract endlessly renewed ? '', 
  on the one hand , i find trp and mras obsession about cuckoldry and raising someone else 's child to be extremely funny and overblown . 
  especially when they want mandatory dna testing in every case . 
  on the other hand , if you have reason to suspect your wife cheated on you , you should be able to know if the child is yours or not . 
  ( though is it really necessary to force the wife into naming the real father is the real question i guess ) . 
  yeah , it 's kind of like if the british involvement in world war ii was reduced to the battle of britain or el alamein ( or in wwi , to the battle of the somme ) . 
  i mean i liked far cry primal and watch dogs 2 because the settings , characters , general art direction were unique enough . 
  but holy fuck the gameplay is booooooring . 
  i 'd like to challenge ubisoft to make an `` open world '' without any variant of `` eagle vision '' , tagging , pseudo-stealth , cheap crafting and any variant of drones . 
  i mean being a dlc and being reduced to only the battle of verdun is still pretty bad . 
  can ... can we threaten to sue sweden over battlefield 1 ? 
  * schulz is on fire , populists are terrified !, 
  no , we really do n't . 
  we have le canard encha\u00een\u00e9 which is a godsend and recently mediapart but that 's it . 
  most french newspapers do n't have the means or the will for investigative journalism . 
  le monde does have some but nothing compared to , say , the guardian . 
  iirc faguo means `` country of laws '' or something like that . 
  because obviously the american understanding of rights is the only valid one . 
  european elections exist . 
  the eu institutions did n't make him president of the commission . 
  the peoples of europe and the leaders of the member states did . 
  french conservatives have been voting for insanely corrupt people for decades now - chirac , sarkozy and now fillon . 
  they wo n't be too moved , since to them every corruption scandal is a conspiracy by the `` leftist media '' and a `` coup d'etat by marxist judges '' . 
   in reality people that are fed the opposing hormones tend to disproportionally kill themselves , because they are being lied to by people like you . 
  except they kill themselves * less * than transgender people who do n't transition . 
  america also has laws in certain states banning atheists from public office , so yeah . 
  i actually do n't want to get into an argument about this , but i 'll just point out something very stupidly wrong in your link :  7 . 
  rates of suicide are nearly twenty times greater among adults who use cross-sex hormones and undergo sex reassignment surgery , even in sweden which is among the most lgbtq -- affirming countries .12 what compassionate and reasonable person would condemn young children to this fate knowing that after puberty as many as 88 % of girls and 98 % of boys will eventually accept reality and achieve a state of mental and physical health ? 
  this sort of statistic is tossed around without any kind of perspective and in a confusing manner . 
  the reality is that transgender people who undergo hrt and surgery do have a higher rate of suicide than average . 
  that 's definitely true . 
  what is missing is that their rate of suicide is actually * lower * than that of trans people who * do n't * go through with hrt and surgery . 
  by the way , that study your article quoted ? 
  it was conducted in sweden and it 's main conclusion was that these suicide rates were driven higher by , essentially , discrimination . 
  studies also conducted in sweden ( like the one your article is quoting ) also show that 95 % of post op trans people found it had a positive impact on their lives , and in most studies and surveys , those who `` regret '' are consistently under 4 % . 
   outside small , left-wing circles in western societies did n't know iran or india were just small , left-wing circles in western societies . 
  mention healthcare on reddit and you 'll have a barrage of anally discomforted americans saying `` we pay for your healthcare because nato !!! \u00a7 \u00a7 !!, 
  '' , `` you pay 98 % in tax , i 'd rather not have healthcare !, 
  '' , `` it 's because european countries are very homogeneous , also you 'll become islamic caliphates in 10 years tops '' , and of course , `` america is the only large and diverse country in the world so we do n't have healthcare '' . 
  some of his policies are right-wing , yes . 
  and fillon is pretty far to the right , by general french standards . 
  he 's not right of centre . 
  the only centre he 's close to now is the penitentiary centre . 
   macron  leftist pick one . 
  macron is a centre-right candidate at best . 
  weirdly i do n't think he 'll answer to this , 
  you have no idea of what you 're talking about . 
  please stop before you embarass yourself any further . 
  every day , once a day , give yourself a present . 
  do n't plan it . 
  do n't wait for it . 
  just let it happen . 
  it could be a new shirt at the men 's store , a catnap in your office chair , or two cups of good , hot black coffee . 
  wow , i 've seen a lot of stupid stuff on reddit and on the internet in general . 
  but this is , hands down , the most incredibly stupid thing i have * ever * read . 
  i mean , did you even think it through ? 
  historically we have lived in racist , misogynistic , vastly unequal societies . 
  so because according to you , since we do n't have the `` mental faculties '' to not live like that , we should just accept it ? 
  i mean , let 's take it further : for the absolute majority of homo sapiens ' time on this planet , we have been hunter-gatherers . 
  since that 's the social environment we 've lived in the most , if anything that 's the one our primitive brains are wired into , should we go back to that ? 
  [ i 'm just going to leave it at this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ec7rcsnfn30 ) . 
  data protection and privacy rules is probably one of those things where the european union might save the member states from themselves . 
  holy fuck , it 's just a fact-checking initiative launched by newspapers all over the political spectrum , there 's absolutely no censorship of anything . 
  alt-righters are a delusional bunch . 
  for the same reason we have journalists , historians , teachers , shoe makers , barbers , anything . 
  they do it so we do n't have to , but it never hurts to check what they 're doing in any case . 
  pretty sure a kid know what a penis looks like . 
   maybe instead of gb being the us ' `` lapdog '' the governments just tend to agree because of the aforementioned similarities . 
  pretty sure british agreement on iraq was pure lapdogness and not just `` we have cultural similarities so let 's go with them '' . 
  french guiana best guiana, 
  more or less that , yeah . 
  also there are a lot of red spikes in places like brittanny which have low immigration . 
  on the other hand , i do n't think you 'd find headlines like `` gay muslim immigrants backed by the eu cause cancer '' elsewhere than in the uk . 
  and in 843 , because his three grandsons could n't agree to who should be emperor , they split it in three , giving birth to francia occidentalis , which would become france , lotharingia , and francia orientalis , which would become germany . 
  effectively , 843 is when you can really trace back both countries . 
  the treaty was signed at verdun , which just shows history has the cruellest sense of irony . 
  ( also , get that , germanbros ? 
  your original , true name is `` eastern france '' !, 
   we wuz khans 'n' shit !, 
  until [ this guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/basil_ii ) shows up , at least . 
  charlemagne is one of the founding fathers of the idea of europe really . 
  hmmm , sweet , sweet nuclear energy . 
  it 's the year of linux on desktop, 
  misleading title . 
  the numbers stand only in the hypothesis that fran\u00e7ois bayrou , a well-known centrist who was also a candidate in 2002 , 2007 and 2012 , should get in the race . 
  he has n't taken his decision yet .
