  funny that martin is our most common name , i always thought it was dupont ( `` from the bridge '' ) . 
  however , all the variations on lefebvre ( lefevre , lefebre , lefebvre , etc. ), 
  which all mean `` craftsman '' ( from the latin root faber ) is actually the most common . 
  oh yeah , i was talking in general terms , not just for mali . 
  tbh we need uk and us logistical support , but it was just to counter the point that uk / france ca n't lead an operation . 
  partly it 's because north and west africa is our backyard for obvious reasons . 
   france and uk currently have the capability to support the us , but not to lead an operation . 
  operations serval , barkhane and sangaris would like to have a word with you . 
  you just said it , it 's not like we have many other countries to work with in europe . 
  anything else is posturing : leaders on both sides of the channel can harp on about calais or about the brexit or whatever , but the cold hard truth is that for both the uk and france , military cooperation is the only realistic forward , all else being equal . 
  a unified european football team at the world cup ? 
  no point , we 'd win every single time without breaking a sweat . 
  except the landlord would tell you `` oh , your salary is 3000 $ ? 
  clearly not enough to pay a 1000 $ rent , bye '' . 
  of course , those rules should be better enforced but let 's be realistic , there is no way for that to happen . 
  you can only enforce those for job interviews ( and pretty barely at that ) , but that 's only one part of the job selection process . 
  and it needs to be pretty bad to stand - we 're talking outright racism or sexism here . 
  also , how many hr departments really know how to use a vpn , or would think of an alternative search engine ? 
  yes , if you 're in for a position that needs a lot of background checks , you ca n't hide . 
  but for every other one , i 'm not sure recruiters go that far . 
  i know that in my case , they basically googled , found nothing and did n't go beyond that . 
  yeah , i did all the tweaks . 
  still , in the end startpage gave better results for me , so i 'll be sticking to that . 
  will be watching closely how ddg evolves in the future , because it definitely shows a lot of promise ( compared to startpage and ixquick which are basically done products ) . 
   why should you give a shit ? 
  do you realise that employers or such will search for you and if they find out you were a communist or something they 're going to basically write a big `` nope '' on your resum\u00e9 ? 
  or that there 's a difference between friends knowing you did some dumb shit at a party and it being on the internet for everyone to see ? 
  nobody 's talking about `` altering history '' , rather that the internet being what it is , stuff you do and that you regret afterwards ( sometimes a long time afterwards ) , that will be damaging to you will remain there forever for everyone to see . 
  you 're never able to alter history . 
  but you 're able to minimise the impact of poor past choices . 
  you ca n't with the internet now . 
  and nice strawman about `` major events '' . 
  nobody 's talking about `` major events '' , but about normal people 's private lives . 
  if you 're so relaxed about having your whole life on the internet , by all means go for it , but people who value privacy should have the option to opt out of it . 
  a british person hating the eu because it interferes with the internet . 
  oh , the irony . 
  some asshole takes a picture of me at a party doing something or other , then tags me ( or worse , writes my name in the caption , which resists untagging ) , and does n't comply when i ask him to take the picture down . 
  it 'll be found on google 's image search . 
  that 's obviously damaging to me , but ca n't get a defamation lawsuit for it . 
  so i 'm fucked . 
  or imagine if , when you were younger , you held pretty extreme views ( left or right ) and joined a communist or nationalist organisation . 
  now you 've grown out of it , but when people type your name in google they find all these links to communist or nationalist meetings or whatnot . 
  right to be forgotten , for private citizens , is a big win for privacy . 
  heh , but with the cookie-blocking and delete-cookies-after-quitting add-ons i have , it 's a pain to make it run smoothly . 
  actually i do n't mind duckduckgo that much , it 's a pretty good search engine and it 's got some nice features ( esp . 
  bangs ) . 
  for mundane searches the results were good enough , but for my more important or work related searches , i found myself using the '' ! g '' bang more often than not . 
  that 's why i switched to disconnect search , which i found slowed everything down , and ended up with startpage . 
  i 'll add that ddg 's image search is n't great . 
  also for a privacy browser , the fact that it needs cookies to save your search settings is pretty bad . 
  startpage has this nifty feature where they generate a url for your settings , so you can keep them without having to accept cookies . 
  so , overall , startpage has better search results ( for my searches at least ) , is lightweight and fast , and looks nicer than ddg ( but that 's just my opinion ) . 
  it also has arguably better privacy options ( the cookie issue and the fact that you can access your search results with a proxy if you so wish ) , but i 'm no tech expert on this . 
  my advice to anybody wanting to use a new search engine would be to give it time . 
  test the alternative ones , qwant , ddg , startpage , ixquick , yacy , disconnect , for several days , and then choose . 
  yup , but iirc startpage gives you google 's results , whereas ixquick uses a number of other browsers . 
  i used duckduckgo for a bit but realised i was using the ! g bang too often . 
  also i 'm not a big fan of the interface . 
  startpage is great . 
  i 've been trying to find alternative search engines and it 's the best one i 've found , better than ixquick , disconnect search , duckduckgo and the lot . 
  anybody who reads `` ever closer union '' and does n't think that it means that political union is the endgame of the eu is deluding himself . 
  sure , it 's not legally binding , but the ultimate goal of the rome treaty is right there , clearly stated . 
   there is no part of the eu constitution which necessitates political union or positions it as the eu 's natural end point . 
  yeah , except that one line in the rome treaty , what was it ... oh yeah , * `` ever closer union '' * . 
  i 'm a tinfoil hat wearer on privacy , so ... 
  posted this here because europe is kinda the only place that 's actually doing anything to counter google , facebook and co 's assault on privacy . 
  relevant :  in the fullness of time , we will look back on the establishment in europe of the `` right to be forgotten '' and the eu 's more recent invalidation of the safe harbor doctrine as early milestones in a gradual reckoning with the true dimensions of this challenge . 
  good on you , germany and austria !, 
  that 's true , but only to a certain extent . 
  facebook , for example , tracks you even if you do n't have a facebook account . 
  also the whole snowden leaks show that they were n't exactly telling the whole story about what they do with the data . 
  it also depends on how much you trust those companies ' privacy policies . 
  personally , i do n't trust them more than our current government telling us `` oh yeah this new mass surveillance thing is only for bad guys , you do n't have anything to worry about ! '' . 
  oh yeah , and there 's also a slippery slope argument . 
  the idea being that these companies slowly but surely keep collecting more data and tracking users in even more ways , one small step at a time . 
  we do n't know how far google or facebook will go , but they are n't stopping now . 
  eric schmidt ( ceo of google ) said something in an interview along the lines of `` if you do something online and do n't want people knowing about it , maybe you should n't do it in the first place ! '' . 
  not very reassuring for the future . 
  i partly agree that you can opt-out of it , but only partly . 
  i use as little google services as i can , but even then it 's very hard to never use google at all . 
  also social pressure . 
  i 've had recruiters questioning me on why i did n't have a facebook account or why my email adress was n't gmail , and that my tutanova email was weird . 
  yes , that 's the other side of it . 
  french , british or german governments will still continue collecting data and sending it to the usa , despite european regulation . 
  also , the whole debate on privacy has been framed as `` the evil nsa vs everyone else '' , when there are really three `` bad guys '' here . 
  the nsa , obviously , then european governments , and finally tech companies , who take the moral high ground when governments ask them anything , but then ruthlessly collect and exploit their customer 's data . 
  sure . 
  but the eu ca n't actually just totally block them either . 
  and people , in europe as elsewhere , are pretty apathetic when it comes to privacy and do n't really understand the technicals of it , so they wo n't start boycotts either . 
  how many people know that facebook tracks you even if do n't have a facebook account ? 
  or that google reads the contents of your email ? 
  i 'll admit that in the past , microsoft changed its policy quite a bit following eu sanctions , but those were on the grounds of competition law , not privacy , which is a whole other thing . 
  also remember that there are some countries in the eu that do n't really want to do anything to upset google , facebook , amazon , microsoft , apple , etc. 
  ^ * cough * ireland * cough *, 
  better than safe harbor , but in reality apple or google or microsoft or whatever have become so powerful that any eu sanction is going to barely dent them . 
   however , the new `` privacy shield '' will be subject to an annual review to ensure companies moving data to the united states are abiding by eu data protection standards and the us government is not conducting mass indiscriminate surveillance . 
  yeah , very nice . 
  i do n't trust it at all , but the eu can pat itself on the back while mass surveillance continues . 
  hopefully italy will resist the starbucks plague , and the locusts of macbook-bearing hipsters they attract . 
  oh , yeah , i get that , i was just pointing out why it wo n't change any time soon .
