  it grants you the right to live and work in any of the eu countries , to vote in local and european elections anywhere in the eu and to hold non-regalian government positions . 
  natural for ` muricans , yeah . 
  i do n't know , according to ea we were n't in it . 
  / s generally two aspects - the horrible and pointless slaughter , and the fact that it was the first total war . 
  also the aftermath of the war , socially , economically and culturally . 
  there 's also a fair bit about how the versailles treaty was a big mistake . 
   it ca n't happen since barely anyone wants that . 
  the best chance the uk has of being part of a superpower is remaining in the eu . 
  no , there 's also the uk 's secret dream of becoming the 51st state , 
  paris / the rest of the country . 
  this is a big one , arrogant parisian snobs vs illiterate zoophiles . 
  i ca n't think of a more derisive term than `` provincial '' , which is how parisians call anything that 's not from paris . 
  this is the correct answer . 
  i do n't even know where it comes from , how come it 's like that , but yeah . 
  insatisfaction . 
  have n't seen the series , i 'm aware of the book though . 
  i have to say , in the `` what if the nazis won wwii ? '', 
  genre , fatherland by robert harris is the gold standard . 
  the thing i hate the most is the absolute dominance of your diploma over anything you do . 
  kind of funny since there was an eli5 question on the front page about why employers do n't care about your gpa in college . 
  here , it 's the opposite . 
  in many fields , your diploma is who you are . 
  for example , you can be a really hard worker and deserve a promotion , well fuck you because it 's going to the guy who did hec or another * grande ecole * ) . 
  ( not saying it out of jealousy - i graduated from a * grande \u00e9cole * , just hate what an inbred circle it becomes ) . 
  to expand on that , we have a weird relationship with it - rich scientific heritage , very , very elite schools ( the ecole normale sup\u00e9rieure tops every other university and school in the world in terms of fields medals won , for example ) , we 're really good in some high-end scientific fields - nuclear energy and space come to mind ... a scientific baccalaureate is widely perceived to be the most prestigious ( the others are economic and social studies baccalaureate , and literary baccalaureate ) . 
  but on the other hand , yeah , the general level in maths and sciences is pretty bad . 
  also people kind of have a pride of being bad at maths and scientifically ignorant ( but if you 're ignorant of some literary stuff , heaven help you ) . 
  it 's weird . 
  well , it is a franco-swedish series with a french lead actress . 
  but yeah , it started airing recently . 
  dont know many , at least none that would have english subtitles though . 
  there 's one veeeeery long one about fran\u00e7ois mitterrand , our longest reigning president , called * le roman du pouvoir * ( the tale of power ) , that traces his entire life story basically . 
  he was basically the consummate machiavellian politician . 
  ( yes , i do have a fascination for those types , haha ), 
  oh , you mean * jour polaire * !, 
  always looked up as a model , we have a gigantic number of roman ruins . 
  i think literally everyone knows about vercingetorix and caesar and the battles of gergovia and alesia ( even if no-one knows where alesia is ! ) . 
  quite a few kids take up latin at 12 years old as well . 
  the french revolution saw itself , in many ways , as a new roman republic , and from napoleon onwards there was a sense that france was the `` true heir '' to the roman empire ( what with napoleon 's conquering ways , and most importantly the code civil ... ) . 
  a lot of roman symbols are still in our institutions , such as the [ * fasces lictoriae * ] ( http://vexil.prov.free.fr/emblemes/emblemrf.jpg ) , the woman on the [ great seal ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e0/grand_sceau_de_la_r%c3%a9publique_fran%c3%a7aise_image001.gif ) , who also inspired the statue of liberty , is the roman goddess libertas , and obviously institutions such as the senate . 
  nope , i always use public transport anyways , and have a monthly card like most metro users , so it did n't change anything for me . 
  i did n't notice a big spike in users either but that might just be on the lines i use . 
  free public transport ended on friday , it 's back to normal fees again . 
  also public transport in paris is the same price for the whole city and the close suburbs , so free transport does n't encourage you to see new places that you would n't see otherwise . 
  ( sidenote : `` parisiennes '' only refers to female parisians , `` parisiens '' is the generic term ... unless that was your intention all along ! ), 
  generally on the left , even with a conservative government . 
  for france i 'd recommend * baron noir * which is a tv series about a socialist politician and his machinations , it 's very , very realistic and inspired by real events . 
  also * l'exercice de l'etat * is about a minister for transport who has to carry out reforms he does n't believe in , the general theme is how weak governments have become . 
  for italy i 'll recommend * il divo * , a film about andreotti who 's one of the most fascinating politicians ever , basically always managed to stay in government and close to power , and sometimes in power himself , for close to 20 or 30 years . 
  probably had mafia ties . 
  had an amazing quote , `` power exhausts those who do n't have it '' . 
  germany , for to gib euromonies while we nuke the rest . 
  nah , never had that . 
  it 's certainly very common though . 
  yeah , `` shit '' is because it 's insanely overpriced . 
  there 's a neat little napoleon museum inside the arc de triomphe where you can happily see napoleon 's portable toilet . 
  most importantly , it 's the only spot in paris where you ca n't see the montparnasse tower . 
  pretty partial to [ liberty guiding the people ] ( http://www.eugene-delacroix.com/images/paintings/liberty-leading-the-people.jpg ) myself . 
  ( side note but i just started playing shadow of mordor and your username gave me a slight panic attack ), 
  similarly a southern accent in french is hard to take seriously . 
  i come from the south , did n't have an accent except in the pronunciation of the * o * sounds ( like rose , jaune , chose , etc. ) . 
  when i arrived in paris for uni , and in the very first class i had everybody laughing at me because i had pronounced `` de gaulle '' in the southern way . 
  completely lost every trace of it since . 
  nothing but worthless multibillion `` luxury '' brands selling overpriced shit , mediocre and expensive caf\u00e9s and pickpockets . 
  the mona lisa at the louvre . 
  you wo n't be able to see it , there are too many people , and the painting is pointless anyway . 
  improve your trip to the louvre by bypassing it , and silently judging all the morons in front of it stretching their necks to get a glimpse , and feeling superior . 
  the restaurant at the top of the eiffel tower . 
  it 's shit . 
  in rome , amid all the amazing things , the circo massimo was a bit of a let down . 
  edit : i 'll add the museum of communism in prague . 
  kinda disappointed , i felt it did a pretty poor job of showing life in czechoslovakia in that time . 
  ( everything else is mindblowingly amazing in prague though ) . 
  you can , just do n't wear an english shirt , support england or say you 're english . 
  we do have a relationship with the pacific with our overseas territories but given that they 're on the other side of the world and the pacific does n't touch our mainland , yeah . 
  life is strange is pretty good as well . 
  back in the day , there was also arx fatalis , dark messiah of might and magic , alone in the dark . 
  hate those videos . 
  it 's so easy to cherry pick idiotic answers from a large group ... 
  spain , italy and germany : teh wimminz no , seriously . 
  the women are unbelievably hot . 
  define freedom of the press though . 
  yes sure , there a baseline from which you can say `` free/not free '' , but then it gets more complicated . 
  some think that strong privacy protections go against the freedom of the press , others think that they 're essential to protecting individual rights . 
  or what about corporate ownership ? 
  such as , is the fact that conservative newspaper le figaro never said a bad word against the company dassault linked to the fact that it is owned by that company ? 
  hmmm , i do n't know . 
  fuck , what about the basic reliance on advertising revenue ? 
  cases where companies threaten to no longer pay for ads in a newspaper if they publish this or that article are n't unheard of ( just recently learned about this , innocuous one - danone once threatened to remove its ads from the daily sports paper because it had an editorial that was very critical of zidane - zidane being in every danone ad at the time had of course nothing to do with it ) . 
  pretty interesting question . 
  syria and lebanon until recently . 
  culturally , we have a lot of ties with japan - we 're a massive market for japanese cultural goods of all kinds , and french chic works pretty well there . 
  the messages in the paris metro are broadcast in french , english , spanish and japanese . 
  politically we 're getting pretty close to india - we have a nuclear deal , we have the rafale deal , we strongly support them being a permanent member of the un security council . 
  we have a good relationship with south korea as well ( recently helped thanks to one of our politicians , fleur pellerin , who was born in korea but adopted here ) . 
  china ... it 's complicated . 
  we were the first western country to recognise communist china ( back in the days where we had a foreign policy that was n't `` whatever the us says '' ) , but it 's never really been friendly . 
  weirdly enough we have very little relations to speak of with vietnam , cambodia or laos . 
  yup , learnt how to use a hunting rifle . 
  i 'm still very , very anti-guns .
