  ics was established way back in 2014 when ceta was signed . 
  good thing ceta does n't have courts run by corporations . 
  nope , because they are two completely different deals . 
  think about it this way . 
  do you really trust canadian courts to judge fairly on the actions of canadian companies such as suncor in their dealings with europeans ? 
  isds is the least bad way out of that conundrum , by giving it to a third party . 
  also , ceta 's , specific ics system is a far cry from the usual arbitration panel . 
  it 's going to be with judges - real judges , not arbitrators - in a permanent court , with a right of appeal , ethics charter , etc. 
  the treaty is also pretty specific on the cases where companies might go to the ics , which again is way better than the more vague usual stuff that allows philip morris to sue countries for health policy . 
  vilnius is a pretty city though !, 
  ... and here i am , wondering why the hell i did my erasmus in london ... 
  ah yes , typical . 
  when you ca n't understand anybody who does n't have the same opinion as you , it must mean there 's something wrong psychologically with him . 
  eu decisions are n't made by a secret cabal of evil bureaucrats , but by a ) the member states , thus by elected heads of state and government and b ) organisms such as the eu commission - whose president was elected - and by the eu parliament , also elected . 
  the only `` lack of democracy '' in the eu is because people do n't bother looking into the issues . 
  oh , i was talking about the uk here because it 's a uk minister but other european countries are n't much better . 
  france and germany want to ban encryption as well ( despite us voting yet another surveillance law ) . 
  the eu is pretty ambivalent on this - pushing data protection and right to be forgotten , but on the other hand there 's the privacy shield , which , as i understand it , puts oversight in google , facebook , etc. 
  use of european citizen 's data in the hands of the us government . 
  i mean that 's like the core principle of eurovision mate . 
  i am . 
  states are not . 
  two of my favourite quotes on international relations : * `` france has no friends . 
  only interests '' * ( charles de gaulle ) * `` there are no eternal allies and no eternal enemies ( ... ) the only thing eternal is the interest of the united kingdom '' * ( lord acton ), 
  we 're fine with a `` strained relationship '' with the usa - it allows us to not do idiotic stuff like the iraq war . 
   oh , and if the way you look at the world is just cold , realpolitik logic with no human element of emotion or ideological faith than ... lol ... what 's the point ? 
  might as well let a.i. 
  run our shit in that that is precisely how all leaders , including and especially us leaders , look at the world . 
  competent ones , at least . 
  there 's no other way to look at the world . 
  the marshall plan was n't charity . 
  it was specifically a ) to get europe to be a reliable ally against the ussr , b ) to stop the progress of communism in the west and c ) to rebuild europe as a viable market for us goods . 
  ah , here 's airstrip one doing the lapdog . 
  the uk is the most cctv covered country in the west . 
  gchq uses the tempora program that allows them to harvest massive amounts of data from internet cables , without any individual targeting . 
  we know that facebook , google , etc. 
  all have no problems giving government access . 
  and yet , apparently , * it 's still not enough * . 
  we live in the greatest age of surveillance ever , and yet it 's not enough , and more importantly fails at making people safer and feel safer . 
  should n't we start asking the question whether all of this actually works ? 
  ] ( https://www.mediapart.fr/journal/france/dossier/dossier-largent-russe-du-front-national ) russia as well as the us has been meddling in other countries ' elections , for some while now . 
  the only thing with wikileaks is their silence whenever russia does something . 
  yes , there was stuff on bannon wanting to influence the french elections via the fn . 
  the difference is , the fn has a history of ties with russia , especially financial ties , that they do n't have with the usa . 
  thanks for the informative read !, 
  how do the votes spread sociologically ? 
  from what you wrote it seems the sns and vucic ( apologies for the lack of diacritics ) have their base with rural serbs , does that mean that people like jankovic have their support from the `` elite '' or upper middle class urban people ? 
  given that the us president is trump it would n't have flown too well either . 
  idealism and philosophical rationalism are indeed big parts of our national character and it shows in politics . 
  most gay guys do n't have a `` sexually adventurous lifestyle '' , are n't `` flamboyant '' and do n't naturally have an amazing dress sense and perfect bod . 
  they 're just , you know , guys . 
  well people are now understanding what pathetic excuse for a man fillon is , his only option is to go full conspiracy theorist . 
  might as well . 
  pretty soon he 'll say the jews are plotting against him . 
  ... chirac did n't resign in 2005 ... let 's be honest , this is a very rare occurrence , i can only think of de gaulle in 1969 and cameron last year . 
  edit : oh yeah , renzi too , forgot about him , thanks for pointing it out . 
  churchill advocated the use of gas attacks against iraqi civilians . 
  [ yeaaah , about that ... ] ( https://infographic.statista.com/normal/chartoftheday_1782_respondents_saying_that_married_people_having_an_affair_is_morally_unacceptable_n.jpg ) but seriously , my point is that your personal , private life behaviour should n't come into consideration when running for public office ( unless it 's illegal of course ) . 
  plenry of great people were shitty in their private lives . 
   if you cheat at family level , you 're more likely to cheat at country level too . . 
  there are literally zero scandals tied to hollande . 
  he may have been ineffective , but he 's probably the most honest and non-corrupt president we 've had for decades . 
  because you cheat on your loved one does n't mean that you 're a bad person * per se * . 
  you just did a very shitty thing , but you 're not evil . 
   or sometimes it 's just hypocrisy . 
  leader of our ruling party is so pro-family and wants to bring back emigrants so bad , that his own wife and kids are in spain for the last decade and his supposed mistress was propelled to high political position . 
  hypocrisy is something nobody can stand . 
  great summary . 
  maaaybe just missed the part where they think it 's all the jews ' fault . 
  people really should stop confusing being transgender with a sexual orientation . 
  being homosexual or heterosexual is about sexuality . 
  bring trans is something else altogether . 
  transgender is not a sexuality , contrary to heterosexuality . 
  you can be a heterosexual transgender person ( in fact it 's most common ) . 
  still 100 % irrelevant when talking about leaders . 
  but that centre of power was n't in rome by the time of the 3rd century - it was wherever the emperor needed it to be for strategkc reasons . 
  then constantine transferred the seat of power from rome to constantinople while he was still ruling over a united roman empire . 
  we now hold more of north america that the british do . 
  the long con . 
  oh right , because morons from t_d actually get to choose who 's french and who is n't now . 
  you can fuck off back to your little fascist safe space . 
  not really . 
  from what i remember on the subject , their fertility rates very quickly match those of the `` natives '' . 
  well , justinian loved her dearly and sought out her advice . 
  and she definitely had massive influence , as seen in her plots against belisarius . 
  but she was n't `` the real power behind the man '' as some have said later on . 
  her biggest contribution was probably to give justinian his balls back during the nika riots though we 're not exactly sure if that 's all true ( a quote like * `` the imperial purple would make for a fine burial shroud '' * is so badass it ca n't be true !, 
  i 'd add judith herin 's * byzantium : the surpising life of a medieval empire * which goes into cultural and social topics , and complements norwich 's emperor-by-emperor political history very well . 
  i think the `` exhaustion '' theory is more true for the sassanids , who were deep in turmoil and civil conflict after heraclius ' victory . 
  after all the romans were hit very , very badly by the arab invasion but were eventually able to recover , a bit . 
  the persians were wiped out . 
  theodora was more like a theater actress , which to the romans was as bad as a prostitute since theater was pretty graphic and obscene . 
  so yeah . 
  justinian was married to their equivalent of a porn star . 
  itt : dirty * latinoi * and inferior * frankoi * propaganda implying the empire of justinian was n't roman . 
  the most important territories of the roman empire were always in the east , especially egypt . 
  the east was the far richer part of the empire , and also where rome 's mortal enemy , the persians ( parthians then sassanids ) was a threat . 
  i head that while suleiman i is known as `` the magnificent '' in the west , he 's known as `` the legislator '' in turkey ? 
  more literally `` the bulgar slayer '' . 
  so called because he crushed them at the battle of kleidon and allegedly ordered 9 out of 10 prisoners have their eyes gouged out ( so like 14 000 out of 15 000 prisonners ) .
