  terminology like this makes it harder to take you seriously . 
  the english are n't trying to undermine france , nor are the americans ( we 're so multi-ethnic calling us `` anglo-saxon '' is a joke btw ) , although wounding your pride can be pretty funny . 
  `` anglo-saxon world '' is just a term we use for the us and uk . 
  anglo-american if you prefer . 
  it 's a neutral term , to us at least . 
  also i do n't know where you got the idea that i was thinking that the english were trying to `` undermine '' us ? 
  it is true however that there are certain biases in us and uk historiography about the french revolution , but then again no historiography is unbiased . 
   the fact is that the overwhelming majority of the victims of the terror were innocents . 
  is that a fact ? 
   mass murder is n't excused because people have a different ideology from you . 
  of course . 
  but that 's true in normal times . 
  in revolutionary times , what do you do with royalists , aristocrats , counterrevolutionaries ? 
   first off , et tu fallacy . 
  `` you did bad things to ! '', 
   second off , bad analogy . 
  the terror was organized mass murder , which is different from strategic bombing . 
   third , it 's like you assume i support terror bombing . 
  i do n't assume `` you '' support terror bombing , i talked about the anglo-saxon world in general , not you in particular . 
  calling it strategic bombing does n't change the fact that it was basically murdering hundreds of thousands of civilians . 
  if no measures had been taken , the revolution would have been eaten up by royalist insurrections and foreign invasion . 
  saying that all victims of the terror were purely innocent people is as misguiding and wrong as saying that they were all evil aristocrats . 
  it 's funny that the terror is vilified in the anglo-saxon world , but the mass bombings of civilian populations during world war ii is whitewashed . 
  many . 
  it 's a very dangerous logic to use . 
  does n't mean it 's never justified . 
  all the interior forces of reaction and counter-revolutionary factions were on the move . 
  the whole of europe 's crowned heads were attacking . 
  what were they supposed to do , just give in because `` muh morals '' ? 
  extraodinary times require extraordinary measures . 
  it was horrible , but necessary , else the revolution would have died then and there . 
  nice . 
  i also find it funny that it was the anthem of the labour party some time ago ( i think ) . 
  jerusalem is absolutely beautiful . 
  both the music and the lyrics . 
  ca n't resign now as right wing and possibly left wing primaries are coming up . 
  by the time those are done , it 'll be early 2017 , and we 'll be entering in the campaign period anyway . 
  so there 's no real point to it . 
  holy fucking shit , a friend of mine was wounded in those attacks , so you can fuck right off with that , you cunt . 
  you really have to be a brain-dead idiot to think that anything in my first post came close to `` defending the honour '' of those terrorists . 
  i only wrote that nothing in the hearings suggested any form of suppression , then i quoted people who said that there was n't any substantial evidence of torture . 
  that 's it . 
  mate , i 'm not sure a military coup is the best way to do anything . 
  erdogan , dickwad as he is , was democratically elected . 
  either the coup estbalishes democracy eventually but then the same people who voted for erdogan will vote for another guy like him . 
  or they keep turkey nice and secular , but making it a fully-fledged dictatorship . 
  did ... did erdogan just give an interview by facetime ? 
  being interrupted by a random call for the journalist ? 
  i 'll tinfoil you one better : erdogan engineered this coup to crush it later on and strengthen his power . 
  remember 2010 , how boring that was ? 
  no arab spring , no syrian civil war , no nothing . 
  it 's been gone haywire ever since . 
  okay , first of all , i left out that part because that part was already in the article and translations are long . 
  i figured people who read it knew about the father 's testimony . 
  i did not ignore it as i referenced it later on , several times - i honestly thought there was no need to re-translate that part since people knew of it from your own article . 
  my mistake and laziness , i guess ? 
  or as you yourself put it `` editing for length '' . 
  i 'm not arguing that such acts happened or did not happen . 
  my point of contention is stating that `` the government suppressed these reports '' , when the only thing that suggests anything like this is the part where they say that families did not know of it - and as i said , it 's fairly standard to not show families very severely mutilated bodies of loved ones because of the possible trauma . 
  your own article handwaves the whole issue by saying that a `` prosecutor '' said , *** lamely *** that no knife was found . 
  how qualified are you to pass judgment like that ? 
  you just chose to believe that for some reason `` teh gubment '' wanted to repress the truth and therefore just cherry picking anything about it - and when people say the contrary , you just say that they 're lame . 
  then your translation - specifically when george fenech points out the testicle story . 
  he says `` but he supposedly had his testicles placed in his mouth ... '' . 
  you translate it as a question ( `` would those [ explosions ] have placed the testicles in his mouth ? '', 
  to which the `` prosecutor '' ( who is n't a prosecutor ) answers `` i do n't have that information '' . 
  you 're literally trying to make that `` lame '' `` prosecutor '' pass off as an idiot . 
  he is quite clearly saying that he was not informed of anybody with their testicles in their mouths and that he would 've remembered if such a thing had happened . 
  now , it 's your full right to believe he 's talking bullshit and that he 's in a secret conspiracy to not make the 13 november terrorists look too bad ( i 'm sure they needed this pr move ... ) . 
  it is also my full right to say that it 's a dishonest way to put it . 
  i repeat myself , but i 'm not saying one way or the other that it happened or not . 
  i 'm part of those crazy people that want to wait for the full , judicial inquiry to give its conclusions before saying anything . 
  i was specifically calling you out for this . 
  oh and the report was published on july 5th . 
  this is the 2nd tome - transcripts of the hearings . 
  it is n't unusual for transcripts to come out as an annex of the main body of the report a few days later . 
  i can point out the numerous articles about its conclusions on the attack , a lot of which are pretty damning for government policy and the state of intelligence services - the report was headline news . 
  wonder why they did n't try to suppress , that , huh ? 
  edit : to summarise . 
  i 'm not saying barbaric acts did n't happen , because i do n't know . 
  what bothers me is that you straight up assumed that the government was lying for some reason and that the prefect , head of judicial police and republic prosecutor were lying , or were just `` lame '' . 
  it 's not hard to write `` alleged barbaric acts happened in the bataclan according to this and this witness . 
  however , this and this guy said that the information was unverified . 
  more to come '' , instead of `` exclusive : france ` suppressed reports of gruesome torture ' at bataclan massacre '' ( notice the quotation marks around `` suppressed reports of gruesome torture '' , making it look like it 's a quote from the report , which it is n't ) `` some guy says lamely it was n't '' . 
  some of these are good ideas , some already implemented . 
  about deportations - you do realise you ca n't just unilaterally decide to deport somebody if he 's a french or european national , right ? 
  you can deport undocumented migrants , because they have citizenship of another country . 
  but you ca n't dump your nationals in some other country just like that . 
  also that part about promoting renunciation to islam and conversion to christianity ? 
  yes , a very misguided attempt . 
  the app is official so it ca n't say anything unless the officials do . 
  people tweeting about it will always be faster . 
  a better idea is to keep a social media team to keep people informed ( which they do ) . 
  okay , this is a fucking bullshit article . 
  half the quotes are cut . 
  and there is no suggestion , anywhere , that any information was `` suppressed '' - merely that some bodies were so badly mutilated that they were n't presented to the families ( which , you know , happens when there are , you know , explosions and stuff ) . 
  here 's the exchange between the mps and the michel cadot ( paris prefect ) and christian sainte ( head of paris judicial police ) : m. le rapporteur . 
  * did the bataclan terrorists commit decapitations or mutilation ? 
  were there any deaths by other means than gunfire or explosions ? 
  we have heard contradictory information - some of which has been given to us in these hearings - that we need to shed light on .
