  i mean , what was the last really good historical film we had ? 
  * un long dimanche de fian\u00e7ailles * , which is a great film but mainly a sob fest about wwi . 
  so people called grossenweindenf\u00fcller or giacomazzoletti or bixente urrutia or guivar ` ch lagadec or rickwaert or schlomo ben soussan are all `` ethnically french '' huh ? 
  say , what about people from guadeloupe , martinique or guyane who are mainly black ? 
  they 've been french way longer than quite a few white french people . 
  whta about them ? 
  there is no definition of ethnic french . 
  it 's just not measured . 
   unless it calls directly for violence , which denying the holocaust does not . 
  holocaust denial is 100 % linked to neo-nazism , which , you know , does call for violence . 
  the eastern half of the roman empire lasted from 476 to 1453 . 
  the narrative that it was just 1000 years of decline and just decadence is mind-bogglingly wrong when you think about it . 
  yet it 's the main view people have about it . 
  there 's also a fair bit of orientalism into it due to edward gibbon - see they were n't * really * manly strong men like the west , they were eastern , sensual , effete , they had women and eunuchs managing the whole thing , they preferred diplomacy and espionnage to war , it was all just palace intrigue and weak intellectualist disputes ... that whole lot of subconscious clich\u00e9s is sort of there in general . 
  in the books there 's not really a charge down the hill at helm 's deep , it 's more like the rohirrim drive the orcs from the hornburg , then the huorns arrive , then gandalf and erkenbrand arrive with footsoldiers . 
  yeah , there 's generally a begrudging acceptance that they called themselves romans and were technically the roman empire `` but we 'll still call them byzantines just because roman empire = rome and the west '' . 
  also i think this is why justinian is the most celebrated emperor of this era , because he tried to reclaim the west . 
  there 's a bias there . 
  historians specialising in byzantium generally seem to consider him overrated and talk more about people like anasthasius , leo iii , basil ii , the komnenoi ... ah but they did n't try to retake the west so clearly they must be minor !, 
  this despite , say , basil ii or nikephoros phokas being one of most badass emperors , worthy of being at the same table as trajan or hadrian . 
  iirc the monophysites were n't really considered heretics and were rarely killed . 
  hell , justinian was pretty anti-monophysite yet he did n't bother theodora who was a monophysite . 
  however there were temporary moves to restrict or repress monophysite worship , yeah . 
  also the monophysite issue is one of the factors that made the arab conquest of syria and egypt possible but not really the main one . 
  it was n't that theodosius , the walls were built after him . 
  they 're named theodosian walls because of the boy emperor theodosius ii . 
  the dude who you should be thanking is the praetorian prefect of the east , anthemius , who had them built . 
  i think the siege of vienna in 1683 is one of tolkien 's main inspirations for pelennor fields . 
  though minas tirith also seems to be inspired by constantinople in many ways . 
  theophanes the confessor , one of our sources for this part of roman history , writes at the end of his account of the siege ( paraphrasing from memory ) : * `` our foes learnt , by untold suffering of their own making , that god , the saviour and the holy virgin watched over this city and the empire of the christians '' . 
  most people remember the battle of tours ( or of poitiers ) in 732 as the moment when ummayad conquests were finally checked , but in reality the first big blow to the caliphate happened earlier , in 717 , when the arabs besieged constantinople , the capital of their mortal enemy , the roman empire . 
  in the end the arabs were decisively defeated thanks to the roman navy 's use of liquid fire , also thanks to the winter of 717 that was incredibly harsh , and thanks to the arrival of the bulgars who routed the remaining arabs . 
  ( if any of this sounds familiar , the siege is the direct inspiration for the battle of the blackwater in game of thrones ) . 
  it 's interesting to think about what would 've happened if constantinople had fallen in the early 8th century . 
  the caliphate could 've spread in southeastern europe , then in the rest , centuries before it did irl , with absolutely incalculable consequences . 
  in the end , the roman victory at constantinople is probably one of the most decisive battles in world history , but has been oddly forgotten in the west . 
  also , the remains of the arab armies and fleets retreated across the mediterannean ... only to get wrecked again when they got hit by a storm ... then again when santorini erupted ... and finally when they arrived in syria , they were greeted by the plague . 
  if anyone is interested in this period of roman history , there 's a great podcast called [ the history of byzantium ] ( https://thehistoryofbyzantium.com/ ) that you should listen to . 
  the story of the siege of constantinople is told in [ this ] ( https://thehistoryofbyzantium.com/2015/03/31/episode-69-lost-to-the-west/ ) great episode , which can be listened to as a standalone . 
  okay , creating the usa was the bigger mistake . 
  ha , never played hoi , paradox games are way too hard for me . 
  it 's just that i consider the munich agreements as probably the biggest single terrible mistake in our history . 
  we should 've declared war in 1938 over the sudetenland issue , tbh, 
  when you ask `` which country is winning '' you 're thinking with the assumption of a zero-sum game . 
  the answer to `` who is winning ? '', 
  in free trade is always `` everyone '' . 
  because you 're under the delusion that trade is a zero sum game where one has to win and the other has to lose , because one side will have an overall trade deficit . 
  but having a trade deficit does n't mean losing , and it is n't a bad thing per se . 
  the facts to back it up are : the entirety of economics and trade theory since the 18th century , as well as the situation of many prosperous countries with large trade deficits . 
  in a country with the trade deficit , the consumers benefit from cheaper and/or better goods , which gives them more money to spend elsewhere , which is otherwise good for the economy . 
  i should add that looking at an overall deficit does n't make too much sense - after all , a given country will import some stuff and export other stuff . 
  all sectors are not impacted in the same way . 
  an `` equal deal '' does n't mean anything , unless you mean that only if country a exports x$ of goods it should import x$ of goods as well - kinda goes against the idea of free trade , supply and demand , encourages rent-seeking , and is n't very applicable in reality ( take the uk and germany ... the uk imports a massive amount from germany , but the uk has ** relatively ** much less to offer by way of exports that would interest germans . 
  therefore the only way to ensure your version of an `` equal deal '' is to restrict german imports , which amounts to really bad protectionism ... ), 
  nobody 's answering your question because your question is nonsensical . 
  the usa is not `` losing '' from its trade with europe , europe is not `` winning '' from it , and the same applies to japan . 
  you do n't `` win '' at trade . 
  it 's not a zero-sum game . 
  both sides benefit , and trade deficits are not inherently good or bad . 
  countries like the uk , canada or australia have large trade deficits but maintain high standards of living , dynamic economies , etc. 
  that 's ... not how trade works . 
  itt : neckbeards screeching `` breed for the fatherland ! '', 
  teh homogays obviously, 
  it seems absolutely baffling that it was legally forbidden not so long ago in so many countries . 
  not just looked down upon , but illegal . 
  oh , i 've no doubt the 51st state will do its best . 
  and with an honoured place in the pantheon in paris !, 
  you mean * marie curie * , 
  also honoria had the hots for attila the hun and sent him a love letter . 
  attila used this to claim his right to rule the western roman empire . 
  [ totally fine . 
  ] ( http://www.csmonitor.com/world/middle-east/2015/1115/dozens-detained-in-g20-summit-protests-in-turkey ), 
  when was that ? 
  g7 , g8 , g20 meetings and summits have always attracted these protests . 
  you just violated the nap, 
  we literally just sent a tripwire force to estonia . 
   byzantine fuck yuo is of true roman empire !, 
  germans get out reeeeeee, 
  for the consumer cheaper goods means you have more income to do other stuff . 
  for companies it 's anoter good export opportunity . 
  accepting gay people does n't decrease your natality . 
  gay is n't a disease people can catch , you know . 
  unless you happen to see idris elba nude , in which case you do catch the gay . 
  homosexuality was legal here since 1791 , get on our fabulous level . 
  trade is not a zero-sum game . 
  both parties enjoy benefits of free trade . 
  the `` you can win only if i lose '' just does n't apply . 
  mainly because of how it handles disputes and settlements i believe . 
  thank whoever built the tour first , before that the tallest building was * shudder * the montparnasse tower . 
  created the fifth republic , led a lot of the reformation of modern institutions , brought the country back to its feet after the war , managed decolonisation , nuclear power , national independence policy , franco-german friendship , saying fuck you to the usa , etc. 
  fair . 
  but if we * had * to answer the question we 'd probably say clovis just as the germans might say otto or the british might say alfred or william the conqueror . 
  meh , clovis was the first rex francorum , made paris the capital , the line of kings starts with him , etc. 
  charlemagne mainly because if there 's an `` official '' date of birth it 's 843 with the verdun ( ! ), 
  treaty that created francia occidentalis and francia orientalis . 
  clovis , charlemagne , a bunch of revolutionaries , napoleon and charles de gaulle i guess . 
  my own opinion on this is that we should look into the insane complexity of tax optimisation , work on a common corporate tax base , but then let member states fix the rax rate freely . 
  the oppressive policy that there 's an official language that everyone should know and that 's also the one in use by the government and state services ? 
  `` what is a nation state '', 
  english will probably remain the main language in practice of the eu but the eu has 24 official working languages , and that probably wo n't change .
