  face it . 
  the european project was always about a political union , with free trade as the main tool to foster unity between the european people . 
  there was no sudden addition of new things that were n't part of the plan . 
  it was the plan all along . 
  oh sure , i was just pointing out that posting eu sources is n't going to convince anti-ceta people . 
  that 's obviously if you believe that source . 
  well that 's a bit sad . 
  ceta really looked like a good deal , and had reformed a lot of issues people had with isds . 
  the truth of the matter is , no amount of negotiation could 've saved it , the wallons were against free trade with canada on principle . 
  maybe the only positive is that we can stop trying to pretend ttip is going to happen . 
  french politicians always blame the eu for every single thing . 
  and then there 's the usual anti-eu arguments . 
  though i do n't think a frexit is possible yet . 
  we 're not that retarded . 
  i hope . 
  nah mate italy is france 's twin brother , germany is france 's ex-rapist-turned-loving-boyfriend and they 've been engaged for ages but marriage is still a long ways off . 
  every now and again people say germany is being too demanding as a partner or france is being too bitchy . 
  right , right , we got that french is useless and we should all speak english because linguistical diversity is evil in your eyes . 
  the real question is , why do you still hold to your idiotic belief that `` le french politishuns want us to speak only french in teh eu !!!, 
  '' , when 1 ) no evidence for this anywhere 2 ) barnier denied that he wanted brexit negotiations to be done in french only ? 
  everybody , call the newspapers : `` french language is dead because apparently they do n't speak it in denmark !, 
  ceta 's dead , baby , ceta 's dead . 
   it is only growing in africa because of population increases . 
  yeah , having a language increasing in speakers because the population is increasing is just cheating . 
   most of those learns english as well . 
  why not skip the middle man and simply ignore the french . 
  why do n't we all just drop all our languages and speak only english ? 
  what 's the point of languages at all , then ? 
   i use a word like archaic because dumb french eu politicians thinks the rest of europe should speak french because their massive ego thinks that is best for all . 
  nobody in france seriously wants french to be the single eu language . 
  this is just a dumb clich\u00e9 , on par with saying that english people still want their empire back . 
  also : https://twitter.com/michelbarnier/status/789459759615410180 now do n't you look so smart . 
  on the same day talks collapse between the wallonians and canada . 
  nice effort guys , but it seems like it was for nothing . 
  it 's not declining , and how the hell is it * archaic * ? 
  well yes , of course you would think that . 
  it 's been a general complaint by gamers that a lot of dlc are just cash grabs and not real expansions on the game . 
  to take an example about civ 5 , quite a few civilisations were already done and ready but were n't included in the vanilla game but as separate dlc . 
  brave new world and gods and kings were more like `` real '' expansions pack . 
  when i said `` dlc is content that should have been in the vanilla game '' i 'm talking about stuff like that . 
  obviously you 'd change the lyrics a bit . 
  the civ 4 expansions had great title themes as well : [ warlords ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9poubewoag ) and [ beyond the sword ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yriv8iwu6my ), 
  meh , they really should just take the anthem of the [ champion 's league . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0qqd6t_a9ly ), 
  civilization games have always had a slight euro-centric slant , but honestly they 've also done a stellar job with non-european civilisations . 
  i mean in civ 4 , the khmer , mali and the maya rank among the best civs in the game . 
  in civ 5 you also have pretty awesome non-european civs . 
  i do n't even remember what civ 5 's theme really was ... 
  there 's a real difference between expansion packs and most dlc though . 
  expansion packs were , well , extensions to a finished product . 
  dlc is content that honestly should have been in the vanilla game , but sold separately . 
  it 's not just the cut content , there were design decisions i did n't like at all , even with dlc . 
  gah , i thought i was done with civilization after the disappointment that civ 5 , but civ 6 hype is getting to me . 
  ceta is public , and by all accounts canada accepted a lot of stuff . 
  well , they are english . 
  they have waaaaaay more animosity for us than we have for them . 
  it 's clearly not a serious proposal - just a way for her to deflect accusations of racism by saying `` look !, 
  i do n't specifically hate muslims !, 
  see , i want to ban * all * religious symbols in public ! '' . 
  which is the textbook definition of an unenforceable policy . 
  if i wear a small necklace with a star of david , a hand of fatimah , a cross , a hindu aum , whatever , who the fuck can stop me from wearing it when i 'm in the street ? 
  we should commit to full and uncompromised secularism in schools and public administrations , ban stuff like the niqab , and then just let people be people . 
  there is no constitutional right to be a backwards religious zealot . 
  the good old days !, 
  that 's lgbtqia + to you , shitlord, 
  the fact that seeing well-dressed people smoke in public was a culture shock to you is a culture shock to me !, 
  errrr , who said anything about wars now ? 
  isds wo n't be removed , but they did refine it in something looking pretty much like an international court , with possibility to appeal the decisions , i believe , as well as defining more rigidly the cases that can be brought up to the court . 
  so if a country gets money it should shut up just out of gratitude ? 
  thank goodness people who think like you are n't in charge or the eu would have been dead for a long time . 
  the eu did n't steal any rights . 
  states wilfully gave them , democratically at that , to eu institutions . 
  well , we ca n't say because ttip negotiations are n't done yet . 
  but from what we know , the usa looks like its not budging on the `` buy american '' rules for public procurement and contracts , or on precautionary principle , or on geographical certification ... 
  most people have a view that canadian companies are n't as vicious as us multinational corporations . 
  which is kinda bullshit . 
  thank you . 
  people say the eu `` should reform '' , but it does that very regularly and step by step - you ca n't reform an organisation like that by snapping your fingers . 
  the eu can only be reformed by little steps at a time because of its very nature . 
  maastricht was really an outlier in terms of boldness and scope , and i do n't think we 'll see a treaty like maastricht anytime soon . 
  but the walloon opposition is n't about clauses put that go against their will . 
  they reject the very basis of ceta , e.g. 
  free trade and larger market share for canadian agricultural exports , because of fears for walloon farmers . 
  and romania is barely about trade at all , it 's political leverage for another issue ( visas ) . 
  sure , which is also why ttip will never happen - it 's political poison . 
  but that 's from member states and public opinion , not eu negotiators . 
  wow , that 's even more plastic than manchester united fans . 
  been seeing this a lot . 
  how is the ** eu ** , as in , the commission , the parliament , other eu institutions , etc. 
  responsible ? 
  they successfully negotiated a treaty . 
  it 's the member states that do n't want it . 
  also this is just * one * treaty . 
  it 's not the first one signed and it 's not the last . 
  there are fears about the agricultural sector though , not on health/safety but that canadian competition would hurt farmers and the like . 
  eeeh . 
  i oppose ttip but am in support of ceta . 
  it 's a good deal for us and we 'll benefit , i think . 
  also , canada is n't the usa . 
  i understand the `` trojan horse '' argument , but are n't there specific rules of origin that prevent this ?
