  the gist is that philip the fair cracked down on the knights templar and their grand master ( jacques de molay ) , on the pyre , cursed him and his descendants for 7 generations . 
  and all the kings that came after him had no male heir , which eventually plunged the country in the hundred years war . 
  it 's also one of the main inspirations behind game of thrones . 
  insanely hilarious tv series about king arthur , but it 's a very french type of humour i guess , non-french people do n't seem to be very impressed with it . 
  i have some doubts about data portability , but otherwise this is excellent news . 
  with the repealing of safe harbor and now this , the eu is really setting the gold standard for privacy protection worldwide . 
  now if only we could get our national governments on the page and tackle mass government surveillance ... 
  i 'm not saying it 's what i believe , just what anti-prostitution feminists believe . 
  from their point of view , prostitution is the ultimate form of female enslavement , since it 's literally men buying women 's bodies ( that 's also why so many feminists are against surrogacy or pornography ) . 
  pretty sure they would rather sex workers be something else than sex workers . 
  heh , those addons , especially noscript , actually make it run faster for me . 
  that would be highly illegal . 
  newsflash : guy on a board of supervisors of a tv channel has opinions !, 
  tell me about it . 
  sometimes i have to use ( shudder ) chrome to get to a website without breaking it . 
  protip 1 : umatrix does more or less the same thing as noscript and it 's easier to chose what you want to allow or not . 
  but it 's a bit more complex generally . 
  protip 2 : stop using ghostery ( keeps your data and sells it a la adblock plus ) , try privacy badger and disconnect . 
  true , but not in the guardian 's case , as they have , pretty uniquely among the top world newspapers , a 100 % free web content model . 
  you do n't get anything extra by buying the paper , i believe . 
  everything is already on the website . 
  people forget that a lot of the cringiest articles you find on the guardian are not really articles , but opinion pieces , some of them from the `` comment is free '' section of the site . 
  those articles aside the graun is definitely not as bad as people make it out to be , and the snowden revelations , the hsbc money laundering etc. 
  show that they have pretty good investigative journalism . 
  well , i think ecology as a political ideology or as a guiding vision and principle for the left wing does n't work too well because it has very little mobilising potential . 
  let 's face it , most people do n't care beyond recycling and turning off lights . 
  the thing is , you need at least some of your ecological policies to be punishing , or else it 's wo n't be that efficient . 
  also , this is more of a french thing , but political ecology here hits one big snag , which is nuclear energy . 
  on your second point , well , i get all that , but see , those are all defensive battles , to keep existing rights . 
  all fair fights , sure , but also negative , because you 're fighting against something , not for something . 
  also , should the left actually fight some of those fights ? 
  should we hold the welfare state as it is or try to reform it into something new and adapted to the 21st century ? 
  european welfare states were built in the postwar context , with young populations , full employment , larger unionisation , and big factories . 
  now we have ageing populations , chronic unemployment or underemployment , etc. 
  should we not find something new instead of only defending the old ? 
  about keynesian policies , i 'm not expert , but the basics of keynesian economics is that if you boost demand through government spending , it will have positive effects everywhere , as with more demand , people buy more , which allows companies to prosper more , etc. 
  it worked wonders in the postwar years , but those were the days before modern globalisation . 
  in our open , globalised economies , this does n't work , for one reason . 
  if you boost demand by government spending , people are going to want to buy more , but where are they going to find the extra products ? 
  more often than not , they 'll buy imported stuff . 
  so your government spent money to boost demand , and a big chunk of that went to foreign companies ; you 've effectively subsidised a foreign country . 
  france was a specialist of this , with two huge stimulus plans in the 1970s and 1980s where the money basically went to west germany . 
  another reason that 's often mentioned is anticipations . 
  basically people , when they see the government spending , will think `` oh yeah , this means they 'll increase taxes to make up for it , i 'm going to save instead of spending '' , so you have no extra demand as it all goes in savings , you 've effectively spent money for nothing . 
  finally , there 's the simple fact of : where the hell do we find the money ? 
  in france public spending amounts to 57 % of the gdp . 
  how much more can the government spend ? 
  people who are better than me at economics are welcome to correct me or to add something . 
  oh , i 'm not advocating giving up on ecological policies , far from it . 
  i was talking about political ecology as an ideological and political platform for the left , and why that does n't work so well . 
  comparatively to other european countries yes , but taking a more global perspective , i do believe this is the case for all western countries - we all have achieved a big welfare state . 
  even the uk has the wildly popular nhs . 
  obviously in other countries in the world welfare and redistribution is still something to be achieved , but if you stay in the western european context , france is n't too far out of the mean . 
  i 'm not in favour of it personally , but yeah that 's definitely a debate we should be having . 
  hell it 's not even a left wing thing ( friedman proposed a form of it first , did n't he ? 
  ) , it 's a real debate we should have as societies about the future of labour . 
  i find it interesting as an ideal , but i do n't believe letting the free market handle everything could actually work . 
  first because i do believe that there are certain public goods and services that should be available to all . 
  i know libertarians hate the roads argument but i guess that 's what i 'm aiming at . 
  second because one of the core points of libertarianism ( and mainstream right-wing liberalism ) is that the government should never intervene in the economy in any form , because the balancing game of supply and demand will produce the most optimal outcome . 
  but see , that does n't always work . 
  i can think of a few examples , i 'll list them here : - workplace discrimination on the basis of race or gender : a very unfair thing that nobody in their right mind would like to see . 
  in a perfectly libertarian world , there would be no regulation of it ( and therefore no possibility for any victim to file a lawsuit or something ) , the thinking being that you can easily quit and find another job . 
  does n't always work like that , and experience shows that many people when faced will injustice will either suck it or stay silent even when they 're thinking `` this is wrong , but i need the money '' . 
  - environmental regulations : same thing . 
  take company a and company b , both sell the same products . 
  company a is nice and green and eco-friendly , company b pollutes like hell , causing cancer and whatnot , but is cheaper . 
  you 'd think that people would balance out cheaper products vs the environment , but we know what would happen : company b would win . 
  so what ? 
  well , extra pollution = extra cancer = extra problems that people did n't take into account . 
  - mass layoffs : okay , so this is where a big factory closes down or fires off a lot of people . 
  conventional libertarianism would think `` well , the company needs to cut off costs , the workers can re-adapt and find new jobs elsewhere '' . 
  yeah , but they 'd need retraining , resources while they retrain . 
  and one very important thing , people can be flexible but territories are n't . 
  a mass layoff in one factory means less local income , means the local grocery , barber , car dealer , clothing shop , etc. 
  are also hit pretty bad . 
  and then you quickly find yourself with an economic disaster zone . 
  i do n't know if i 'm making sense ?!, 
  just as a disclaimer , i 'm not trying to strawman at all , i know libertarians are a pretty diverse group . 
  just giving out a few thoughts . 
  not so sure - conservatives have generally rebranded themselves as the `` true '' party of change , evolution , merit , etc. 
  sarkozy and cameron especially did this to the ump and the tories , which had the image of being the parties of old privileged toffs . 
  they still are , but perception is key . 
  also , being on the right-wing is n't that hard - advocating for more free market , stronger security and lower taxes will never grow old . 
  yup , i was just countering the point about international law in general . 
  i guess the real problem is , what does it mean to be left-wing today ? 
  i consider myself left-wing and i have no idea . 
  nationalising industry and finance ? 
  nope , been there done that , did n't work . 
  creating a new , better society ? 
  ai n't nobody got time for that . 
  being for `` equality '' and `` fairness '' ? 
  who * is n't ? 
  * antiracism , gay rights , feminism ? 
  i 'm all for it , but that does n't make a real vision or platform to govern a country . 
  ecology , or `` green economics '' ? 
  pandora 's box there . 
  do we tax polluting cars ? 
  whelp , the most polluting cars are owned by the poor . 
  ca n't do that .
