  none of his shitty acts harmed fundamental interests of the nation - you know , that 's a pretty select group of interests , and hiding 600 000 $ in switzerland is n't really a part of them . 
   he did give false information that can ( and did ) undermine the french interests . 
  do you realise that anybody who tries to fraud social benefits can also be punished for high treason with your reasoning ? 
   he did sabotage his country by taking ( from public good , not the `` dentist '' ) money and infrastructural advantages for his own benefit . 
  huh ? 
  the article is pretty clear . 
  sabotage is legally defined as the act of destroying , deteriorating or diverting any document , material , building , equipment , plant , machine , computer system , when the act would lead to harming fundamental interests , etc. 
  this is about sabotage of , like , weapons factories or nuclear plants or whatever , not friggin ' tax evasion ...  fyi , he also did it in 2013 and was already minister in 2012 . 
  2013 is when the scandal broke out and he left the government that spring ... 
  okay , first off , the code p\u00e9nal is n't part of the constitution . 
  just to clear that up . 
  so how about we look at [ art . 
  411 ] ( https://www.legifrance.gouv.fr/affichcode.do?idsectionta=legiscta000006149841&amp;cidtexte=legitext000006070719&amp;datetexte=20161007 ) since you mention it ? 
  stuff that 's considered treason : * giving all or part of national territory , armed forces or any goods pertaining to national defense to a foreign power * being involved in plots with a foreign power to undertake any hostile action against the country * giving out sensitive information to a foreign power , pertaining to the fundamental interests of the country * sabotage * giving false information * enticing anybody to commit these crimes cahuzac did nothing of the sort - what he did was tax evasion and then money-laundering to hide that evasion , * before 2012 * . 
  despicable , but you 'd have to be insane to classify that as high treason . 
  you should stop reading right-wing conspiracy rants on agoravox . 
  some rad vault experiment going on . 
   cahuzac commited ( by france constitution ) treason hahahahaha no . 
  by no measure can tax avoidance ever be considered `` treason '' . 
  do you actually read the news ? 
  there have been many ongoing cases against sarkozy , and the bettencourt scandal happened back in 2011 and really escalated in 2012 - 2013 . 
  sorry if my quoting actual historical research irritates you so much , i 'll be sure to put a trigger warning next time . 
   unlike most places in europe , the uk has never required anyone to wear a yellow star . 
  [ sure about that , mate ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/statute_of_the_jewry ), 
   columbus was n't a killer he was just a navigator , an explorer , and adventurous person ah yes , the innocent and perfectly normal navigator and explorer that : * instituted a slavery system * caused a massive decline in the native population because of absolutely horrifing overwork in terrible conditions , and they were finished off by disease after that * cut the hands off indians that did n't collect enough gold * oh yeah , check out this fine letter written by the hero himself :  now that so much gold is found , a dispute arises as to which brings more profit , whether to go about robbing or to go to the mines . 
  a hundred castellanos are as easily obtained for a woman as for a farm , and there are plenty of dealers who go about looking for girls ; those from nine to ten are now in demand , and for all ages a good price must be paid . 
  what a great guy . 
  and somehow people still think `` but he proved the earth was round '' or some shit . 
  the guy got his calculations so wrong , he thought the earth was much smaller than it was . 
  he lucked out on finding the americas ( really , just finding caribbean islands ) , and it 's still pretty unclear if he ever realised he came to america ( he did n't discover america , by the way , the native americans did ) . 
  the spanish crown removed him as governor because of his tyrannical ways and his incompetence , and sent another guy to replace him and to investigate on complaints , they found the document a few years ago , the guy would cut off ears and tongues for the slightest offenses , sell people into slavery and parade naked women through the colony to humiliate them . 
  edit : also some nice whataboutism there mate , english and american atrocities in north america ( or french ones in africa ) certainly do n't cancel out spanish or portuguese ones in south america and the caribbean . 
  funny coming from a tory , but eh . 
  `` compassionate conservatism '' , they called it . 
  holy shit , the whitewashing of columbus in this thread is pretty sad . 
  i would like you to point out to me non-marginal leftist leaders that glorify stalin and mao today . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 'll still be waiting for a long time . 
  he set up a slavery system to coerce the natives into finding gold , with very unusual brutality . 
  he also put girls , sometimes very young , into sexual slavery . 
  columbus was jailed in his time because of his cruel treatment of indians . 
  he was pretty much a monster by any definition in any given epoch , and he was a moron to boot . 
  so , michigan ? 
   one of the reasons why they 're not accepted as europeans is because even when they 're not committing terror acts , their attitude and ideals are repulsive , e.g. 
  `` a muslim man can marry a non-muslim , the opposite is forbidden unter sentence of death '' or `` wearing a burka/niqab/hijab is a choice , but every modest and polite girl worth something must wear it '' . 
  also `` apostasy from islam is punished by death or at least complete social exclusion '' and `` homosexuals must die , throw them from the highest place '' . 
  and in breivik 's ideology , whites marrying nonwhites is also treason , women 's rights are also rejected and whites who do n't agree with him are race traitors to be executed . 
   yet in 2009 , the eu came up with the treaty of lisbon . 
  `` the eu '' did n't come up with it . 
  the elected leaders of the eu pushed for it , especially sarkozy at the time . 
  we , here at least , do n't rely on the usa for national defense , so whatever . 
  believe that if you want , after all , trump said it , he ca n't be lying , can he . 
  also , we went into mali because a ) a direct threat to our ally b ) vital interests were in play c ) a legal obligation due to a treaty we signed with mali . 
  it made perfect sense to go . 
  it makes no sense to `` go every time '' . 
  what the hell does that even mean ? 
  invade countries because , um , reasons ? 
  sorry , that 's what we call george w. bush levels of retarded . 
  the iraq disaster was n't enough for ya ? 
   would that be the with the previous regimes in those countries , or the current ones ? 
  previous ; not sure about italo-tunisian relations today . 
  then again , libya is n't in any state to sign and enforce an agreement . 
  stop talking out of your ass . 
  italy had immigration agreements with tunisia and libya . 
  that was one of the threats khadafi made to the west , that he was the wall against immigration . 
  also abso-fucking-lutely * no-one * has expected the usa to do anything about this . 
  you 're being more than slightly delusional . 
  because people do n't care about concrete proposals but about image . 
  huh . 
  the general consensus is almost exactly opposite . 
  montebourg is as much a true socialist as i 'm felicity jones ' secret lover . 
  he 's a complete opportunist that 'll jump on any bandwagon . 
  his campaign has been relatively shambolic as well . 
  said it before , but his only chance at ever being redeemed by history one day is to come up and say `` i tried but i failed and thus wo n't be up for re-election '' . 
  if intervention is sanctioned by the un , yes , there could be an argument . 
  international relations are n't about morals , but about interests . 
  countries are sovereign , whether headed by dictators or not , and foreign powers have no business toppling them ( or `` exporting democracy '' as the pr guys put it ) unless said country invades another . 
  look at this guy who thinks germany was wrong in opposing the iraq war . 
  vilnius is such a pretty city . 
  used to be , it 's been surpassed by * bienvenue chez les chtis * ( which is a crap film ) and then that one by * intouchables * ( which is actually a decent film ) . 
  voltaire was a rabid antisemite who believed slavery was fine and that the people were a scary mob that should never have power . 
  he also spent his time making fun of philosophers his puny brain could n't understand , such as leibniz . 
  his influence over the enlightenment and the revolution has been vastly overstated . 
  diderot was the real mvp . 
  iran has a very rich and old tradition of being a centre of arts and scientific learning . 
  a recent fields medal ( basically nobel prize for maths ) was an iranian woman as well . 
  ... so basically a normal day in paris ? 
  well that 's just sad . 
  so , how much does the alt-right support freedom of speech in this case ? 
  yeah , well , that 's exactly what i 'm not getting . 
  horrible things occur all the time . 
  the thing is , there 's always a worse thing happening somewhere . 
  with that logic , we 'd never advocate or oppose anything . 
  i understand that - but material support is only part of the equation . 
  no amount of state help or support will ever give you back a lifetime of miseed opportunities because you got pregnant after a rape . 
  because even with material support , well , you still need to take care of the baby ( bonus points if you have to take care of it while juggling with your college education ) . 
  also , in many european countries these programs already exist as well . 
  not a big fan of natalist arguments , also full disclosure , i do n't ever intend to have children - i feel that better birth rates can be attained with generous family welfare , shorter working times , possibilities for paternal as well as maternal leave , tax rebates , and especially trying to foster a culture where you do n't force women into having to choose between career and family . 
  when you look at birth rates in france which has most of these policies , sure there 's immigration helping , but even `` native '' french women have generally higher birth rates than in other european countries . 
  also , i 'll say this , i disagree with you entirely on the abortion issue and i think we wo n't be able to convince each other , but i do appreciate your intellectual honesty about helping mothers .
