  it hides the real problem which is the general system that allows such people to do what they do . 
  this is so hypocritical . 
  i do n't remember any big outrage about mario draghi , despite his previous employment at goldman sachs , or any other eu or national government official with ties to the banking sector . 
  it 's just too easy to throw outrage at one unpopular dickhead like barroso , hiding all the others . 
  for that matter , it 's also too easy to go on about goldman sachs as if they 're this `` evil bank , inc. '' . 
  it 's as if these were just bad apples in an otherwise good system , when in reality the system is fucked . 
  the european commission everyone . 
  before , us companies could bring in europeans ' data as they wished . 
  now , they 'll have to just say `` oh sure we comply with privacy guidelines ! '', 
  and in case of doubt , their buddy in the us state department will be able to say `` it 's ok guys , they ai n't doing shit '' . 
  progress !, 
  however , there 's a fair chance this bullshit `` privacy shield '' will be struck down by the ecj just as safe harbor was . 
  ( also , between safe harbor and privacy shield , i love the orwellian newspeak titles ), 
  / r/hailcorporate, 
  their daily articles are basically your left-wing conspiracy rants , only spell-checked . 
  their investigative stuff ( like the drone papers ) is worth looking into though . 
  yes that 's what i meant , that anytime we talk about the armenians the answer is about algeria . 
  i think it 's about the armenian genocide . 
  macron has no chance in hell for the moment - already he 's being ripped a new one by the press and everybody making fun of him saying he 's anti-establishment . 
  his team is basically private sector gurus and flashy pr guys and very few actual politicians or people with a political mind . 
  he knows how to speak to parisian upper class people , but has no idea of how to talk to the average person on the street ( which , y' know , is a cornerstone of politics ) . 
  like that time he told an unemployed guy `` hey , if you want a suit like mine , you should work !, 
  the workforce certainly is n't underskilled and `` lazy '' ( when you take into account part-time work , french workers work as much as germans ) , not to mention among the most productive among oecd countries . 
  i disagree with the social services reducing incentives to work - first for `` humanitarian '' reasons , second because in the uk , benefits are very , very low compared to us and they still have the `` too generous social services reducing incentives to work ! '', 
  argument . 
  i more or less agree with your other points though . 
  in my opinion , even before tax and public sector reform , labour reform is the most pressing thing . 
  we have an untenable two-tier system , where people who have cdi ( long-term contracts ) are in the gravy train , highly protected , difficult to fire , and get preferential treatment for bank loans to buy houses , cars , whatever ; on the other side , people in cdd ( fixed-term contracts ) are left in the shitter . 
  i 'd much rather have a single type of contract that gives less protection but does n't fuck over the workforce . 
  first country to legalise abortion back in 1917 i believe . 
  that time when we reached danger levels of air pollution and the government put in an emergency alternate traffic for a few days was amazing . 
  paris definitely needs much less cars . 
  weel , they are building new rer lines that 'll hopefully relieve the pressure on rer a and b. 
   we were probably the most soulless team in the whole tournament . 
  nah , russia and ukraine have you beat on that . 
  that said , for somebody who was around for the turkish epic tournaments in 2002 and 2008 there was a significant lack of fighting spirit from this team . 
  stadium security is handled by uefa . 
   second france has n't done anything even remotely on the scale that the us has done in afghanistan and iraq . 
  there 's this weird conspiracy theory that anytime a french team does anything good it 's because of platini . 
  right , they should have not celebrated scoring a nice goal against the team that had beaten the netherlands and england and drew against portugal . 
  also , the so-called `` signature clap '' has been around in france for ages , so you can fuck right off mate . 
  yes , that 's what 's said once you fuck up . 
  `` it was a good idea , just poorly implemented '' . 
  [ de villepin 's speech was fucking prophetic . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rnxu-tn8qnc ) even 13 years later , i ca n't take anybody who supported the war seriously . 
  sorry germany , belgium , spain , my answer has to be italy ( there 's a saying : french people are just italians in a bad mood ) and brazil ( hey , it counts !, 
   a majority of people in the eu want the uk to be treated the same as other countries ; that 's not punishment . 
  some british people seem to think that anything other than ultra-special treatment is unfair punishment from the eussr . 
  so should we also recognise the breton people , the burgundian people , the proven\u00e7al people and the normand people ? 
  please . 
  people from corsica are french ; therefore they 're not anything else . 
  `` what 's the difference between a ruble and a dollar ? 
  a dollar '' . 
  legally , there is no such thing as a corsican people . 
  why should they have a separate co-official language ? 
  civ 4 had it best with its multiple leaders per civ . 
  the only thing was that the leaders were incredibly unbalanced , with huayna capac and mansa musa being god-tier , and charlemagne being so shitty . 
  you 'd be surprised at the number of people who think along the lines of `` mitterrand ? 
  i definitely get what you mean but i disagree . 
  i mean , look at our own national states . 
  we 're all deeply attached to their stability and what they stand for and whatnot , but it does n't stop anybody from ruthless criticism . 
  so how do you create `` bomb the shit out of isis '' ( whatever than means ) then create stability without actually looking for a political solution and propping up the most stable institutions you can manage ? 
  in other words , `` nationbuilding '' ? 
  the iraq war led to isis not just because of `` nationbulding '' but because it was done so stupidly ( dismantling the baathist state apparatus and firing saddam 's army and top brass , then putting in a shia leader who only antagonised the sunnis , the list goes on ) . 
  sarkozy is generally more hardline , with a strong rhetoric on borders , identity , and bordering on populism . 
  jupp\u00e9 is more your generic `` modern conservative '' , does n't really seem to care about social issues , wants some measure of economic liberalisation . 
  remember chirac ? 
  how he was supposed to be the most thieving , corrupt , lazy good-for-nothing president ever ? 
  nicknamed `` super liar '' ? 
  yeah , now his presidency is seen as the good old times , and he himself has the image of your eccentric grandpa who was so stylish in his day . 
  or mitterrand ? 
  probably the most controversial of them , so much so that he lost two legislative elections and his presidency saw the rise of the fn . 
  now seen as `` the last of the great presidents '' . 
  nobody really cared , we had a bit of a laugh and that was that . 
  some people objected , no to the fact that he had a mistress , but the manner in which he went to see her ( on a scooter and all ) did n't seem very presidential . 
  also i think he got a tiny bump in the polls with women after that . 
  edit : you have to remember , we 're almost certainly the most tolerant country with regards to adultery . 
  funnily enough , he 's been much more active with better success on the international stage than sarkozy : mali , sahel counter-terrorism , iran deal , etc. 
  on the migrant crisis , it was more of a `` wow , i 'm not touching this issue with a 10-foot pole . 
  if i do n't say anything about it , maybe nobody will notice ... '' . 
  nobody 's not criticising the eu . 
  it 's probably the most criticised of all political institutions . 
  the thing is , if you do have this pro-european feeling , the eu is all you have . 
  breaking it down to build something new is n't a viable option at this point . 
  i guess he means that the eu helped portugal develop economically after the dictatorship years ( which is pretty certain imho , portugal and spain definitely benefited hugely ) . 
  which was pretty important for cementing portugal as a modern , democratic state . 
  if there 's one thing following british politics has taught me , it 's to never , ever trust british polling . 
  oh , i meant to say , if obama endorsed her , it 's because he was sure the fbi would n't indict her , not that he gave a secret order to the fbi or something . 
  the hatred for hillary clinton is hilarious ( hillary-ous ? ) . 
  her voting record shows she is n't too much to the right of sanders . 
  i mean look , you have the choice between `` universal , single-payer healthcare '' , `` improve obamacare '' and `` fuck you if you 're sick , asshole '' . 
  number 1 is not possible yet . 
  so between the other two , what do you choose ? 
  she 's a corporate-backed candidate . 
  in the usa . 
  oh , the horror , the most capitalist country in the world having corporate-backed candidates !, 
  did n't seem to bother anybody when every other candidate for a long time has been backed by corporations . 
  oh no , better vote for the guy who is * actually a corporation * . 
  and from our european point of view , i do n't get the `` hillary clinton is a crazy warmonger '' . 
  she 's pretty hawkish , but she 's no bush , and her foreign policy always seems to emphasise the need for multilateralism and working with other countries rather than going full ` murica .
