  which does n't threaten public order . 
  apparently the official reason is that there 's no legal basis to forbid either the rally or the visit . 
  you can only forbid them if they threaten public order , which , you know , they do n't . 
  building trains wo n't stop you from using your car , you moron . 
  they are called bfn tv for a reason , though it 's more for sensationalist reporting rather than lies . 
  fun story . 
  dassault owns the very right wing newspaper le figaro , which has been licking sarkozy 's ass and thrashing hollande like crazy . 
  when the rafale sale to india was secured though ? 
  all about hollande 's brilliant negotiating compared to sarkozy 's clumsiness . 
  looks like trade 's back on the menu , boys !, 
  we need moar, 
  on the flying saucers of virgin mary i think . 
  there are dozens of us !, 
  dozens !, 
  i suspect a lot of us over at r/france who support macron do so not out of conviction , but because he has the best chance to stop le pen and fillon . 
  that 's what they all say until they come back to find their holiday home 's been bombed by the local mafia/nationalist group/both, 
  same here . 
  it 's one of my ultimate goals . 
  he is gay , but keeps it very private . 
  `` you look just like a paleolithic woman ! '', 
  best pickup line ever, 
  we did n't really lose it though !, 
  the byzantines spurred the western renaissance - some historians actually say the renaissance began in constantinople with the komnenian renaissance . 
  they preserved greek philosophy and passed it on to us , especially the philosophy of plato ( the arabs , those other preservers of greek thought , had a massive hard-on for aristotle ) . 
  our modern system of diplomacy stems from the byzantines , who invented the concept of a foreign affairs ministry ( the bureau of barbarian affairs ) . 
  before , diplomacy was organised ad hoc : you sent envoys to convey one particular message . 
  the byzantines did n't invent permanent embassies , but their envoys did n't just deliver messages but had to gather all information they could about the peoples they visited , reporting back to constantinople , and that information was crucial in byzantine diplomacy , and used by the bureau to fully brief future envoys . 
  a lot of what we know of certain peoples is only thanks to byzantine diplomatic reports . 
  also probably the biggest legacy : law !, 
  roman civil law fell into disuse as the west fell , and it was replaced by feudal law . 
  but through the work of justinian and his jurisconsult tribonian , and the corpus iuris civili ( justinian 's code ) , roman law was standardised , unified and made coherent . 
  justinian 's code would be the main inspiration for the napoleonic code and thus the basis of legal systems in a majority of countries in europe and the world . 
  the fact that byzantium is remembered as an impotent vestigial power in constany decline ( for 1000 years !, 
  ) , a living fossil and a country of schemers , plotters , ruled by eunuchs and women , is sad . 
  we can thank the enlightenment and gibbon for that judgement ... 
  basileia ton rhomaion stronk !, 
  or as the traitorous latins called it , imperium graecorum . 
  generally yes , they 're pretty serious and have good coverage , especially on international issues that do n't make it on other news channels.but they have pretty low viewership . 
  indirectly there is . 
  article 16 of the declaration of the rights of man : any society in which there is no guarantee of rights or no separation of powers , has no constitution . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is more anti-us than pro-russia . 
  but do n't democracies naturally gravitate towards a bipartisan system ? 
  sure , not everyone has a two-party system , but in general every democracy has a roughly `` conservative '' party and a roughly `` progressive '' one , that dominate politics . 
  it makes sense , too . 
  elections are determining how we will be governed , e.g. 
  how the state will be run , and when you get down to it there are two main ways , either the state intervenes more and does a lot of stuff , or it does less . 
  well sure , fair point about the rise of the nazis or communism , but excluding the improbability of a nazi takeover or a bolshevik revolution in europe , no rise in conservative politics will take away lgbt rights long term . 
  i 'm willing to bet on it . 
  i have an equal distaste for far right populists as i have for neoliberal fundamentalist religious people . 
  i simply ca n't vote for any candidate who would ever say something like `` as a christian i think ... '' . 
  no wind change can generally allow for such a massive roll back on established and acquired rights . 
   the term is defined as materials that are '' [ aimed ] at causing minors to form non-traditional sexual predispositions , notions of attractiveness of non-traditional sexual relationships , distorted ideas about the equal social value of traditional and non-traditional sexual relationships , or imposing information about non-traditional sexual relationships which raises interest in such relationships insofar as these acts do not amount to a criminal offence . '', 
  basically : even showing gays is `` propaganda '' . 
  textbook homophobia . 
  also part of the weird fear that people can get turned gay . 
  which does n't happen . 
  very bad analogy . 
  this is like if your choice was between trump and ted cruz . 
  macron is the `` clinton '' here , and despite my distate for him i 'd gladly vote for him against le pen . 
  um , the president ca n't be checked by the assembly , be it fillon or le pen or anyone . 
  the government can , not the president . 
  ( in fact , a le pen presidency probably would n't achieve much as she most likely would not be able to name a fn prime minister for lack of an fn majority in the assembly , whereas fillon would have a full conservative majority ) . 
  le pen may launch an eu referendum , yes . 
  a frexit would cause the eu to collapse which would be a disaster . 
  fillon wants to privatise social security , do away with 500 000 civil servants , reduce funding everywhere , and is going to be as bad as le pen for minority rights . 
  one is a fraud , screeching against media conspiracies and railing against the rule of law , supported by christian fanatics and wants to destroy the foundations this country was built on after wwii . 
  the other is the fn candidate . 
  no , there is n't one better than the other from my point of view . 
  as a left-wing voter , no . 
  if the second round is le pen vs fillon , i 'm not voting , and i 'm not the only one thinking like this . 
  it 's funny that the number of jews here nearly doubled despite the war . 
  which makes the current phenomenon of jews leaving the country , or netanyahu calling french jews to leave , a bit sad . 
  they were n't accusing the judges . 
  they were just calling hollande to use his presidential pardon . 
  i 've never seen a protest against the judicial authority . 
  never . 
  this is literally the first time i 've seen people protest against the normal course of justice . 
  to be fair he does n't want to repeal same-sex marriage , he wants to change the part about adoption . 
  obviously that 's just because same-sex marriage is a fairly popular law , but still , credit where credit 's due . 
  have to agree here mate , at least aim for ryan gosling . 
  for some of these people showing anything that is n't 100 % white and heterosexual is promoting degeneracy , white genocide , etc. 
  i still laugh at how butthurt they are that the last two star wars movies had female leads . 
  it 's mainly the hardcore christian conservatives , all those we did n't take care of in 1793 , who love fillon ( because apparently fucking the poor while embezzling public funds is the good christian thing to do ) are going to turn up for this march against judges . 
  the paris uprising was done by mainly left wing and communist resistance groups , without much help if any from the allies . 
  then the 2nd db liberated the city , yes . 
  then again de gaulle 's refusal to be a us puppet always triggered the anglo-saxons pretty hard . 
  ever heard of something called the tyranny of the majority ? 
  yeah , you talked about the church , though . 
  so the rights you have depends on your numbers ad a demographic . 
  interesting and probably one of the most anti-libertarian stances possible , but why not . 
   there was no marriage before the church . 
  til marriage did n't exist ancient greece , rome , india , china , persia , mesopotamia or in prehistoric times . 
  gee , for a libertatian you sure do n't care too much about individual rights . 
  nobody 's `` promoting '' anything . 
  homosexuality exists , it 's normal , and showing it does n't mean forcing people to be gay * because that 's not how it works * . 
  homosexuality is n't a choice . 
  unless you mean that you 'd rather people who are gay stay repressed , feeling unnatural and rejected . 
  it actually is , mate . 
  homosexuality even occurs in the animal kingdom . 
  iirc , someone worked out using these maps that the only light sources in north korea were pyongyang and the dprk 's gulags .
