  every single country has very dark parts in their history . 
  i 'll be the first to acknowledge that france has some very , very dark parts - colonialism , slavery , helping create the usa , nazi collaboration ... 
  but fuck if that ever means ignoring all the good too - the heritage of the gallo-romans , the franks and the carolingians , the white mantle of churches , fran\u00e7ois ier 's patronage of the renaissance , the enlightenment , the revolution , the spreading over europe and the world of the ideals of the revolution , the sacrifice during the great war , the resistance , how we overcame 300 years of bloodshed and built a friendship with germany , or the scientific and artistic achievements ... 
  the uk is the same , i 'm sure they have things to be proud of too . 
  i mean , big , scary clickbaity titles , lots of big pictures , easy outrage and simple language will always get you far . 
  never said they were , just that it 's that kind of rhetoric . 
  a ianucci comedy about stalin with steve buscemi , jason isaacs , michael palin and olga kurylenko ? 
  holy fuck , that 's going to be the most insane tv ever . 
  `` enemies of the people '' is rhetoric you always see in authoritarian and totalitarian regimes . 
  the soviet union 's penal code even had a special category of criminal called `` enemy of the people '' . 
  which is why the daily mail made a hit piece on ed miliband 's dad because he was a communist , saying he hated britain . 
  even though ralph miliband was a jewish refugee who fought in the navy during world war ii while the daily mail was supporting hitler . 
  it 's simply the most vile media outlet in the western world . 
  that 's iffy . 
  islam is n't xenophobic by definition , because there 's a big part of it that 's about national laws and borders being moot , and that only god 's law is the rule . 
  in the extremist view of caliphate-revival , national borders are to be abolished and replaced by the ummah . 
  however , there is also an element of arab supremacism here and there . 
  the extremely prestigious private high school lyc\u00e9e stanislas in paris has rules that forbid girls from having short hair , wearing pants or being `` unfeminine '' . 
  the difference is that inbred catholics are n't really a threat to public security . 
  that 's definitely true . 
   the problem is that , first , communications is treated as a ` despatch ' function at the service of the commission rather than something in itself . 
  that is , its job is to tell the media what the commission wants to tell it . 
  communications is the commission telling you what they want to say - an extended spokesperson function . 
  well yes , that 's partly why their comms is pretty bad . 
  you ca n't just consider it a way of sending the information you want to send and that 's all . 
  if you just treat it as a one-way , send-the-press-release-and-then-do-a-press-conference , you wo n't get far , especially when you 're the eu , an institution that 's very poorly understood by the media . 
  something we stress a lot to clients and the like is that comms is n't about emitting information and expecting it to be repeated as is , but creating an environment where what you have to say can be heard audibly and in the best possible light . 
  to take a very direct example , the commission ' communications over ceta have been pretty poor . 
  everybody 's convinced that everything is completely shady and hidden , when the information has been there for the whole time . 
  but they did n't engage the media with it , being content with filling their website and sending press releases . 
  the whole press just caught on about it by september and scrambled to work on it , resulting in very poor and uninformed reporting . 
  i read an article by le figaro the other day , and it stated complete untruths , only had time to properly interview opponents , and the commission 's position only came through one or two quotes from the press release . 
  not saying i would have done it better , but i think actually engaging with key press outlets ( like an informal meeting sometime like in early january or february at the very least , using more creative content , better use of social media and youtube , whatever ) and keeping it smoothly on the agenda would have helped . 
  i pretty much agree with all your other points . 
  oh , right , i was n't arguing that the leave vote would be overturned , just interested in the democratic `` moral dilemma '' an mp from a majority-remain constituency would face . 
  what about the scottish constituencies , and london ? 
  so ... if you 're a british mp from a very pro-remain constituency and are yourself pretty pro-remain , what 's the most democratic option ? 
  vote against brexit - after all , it 's the will of the people and the constituency you represent ? 
  vote for brexit - after all , how can you go against the general will of the british people as a whole ? 
  speaking as somebody who works in pr and press relations , this is probably a bad idea . 
  the eu 's press operation - or rather , the various press operations of the many institutions of the eu - is pretty bad , but tossing the media teams away to replace them with independent-but-not-really journalists reporting on stuff will just make it worse . 
  does n't help credibility one bit , and wo n't help with outreach to local and regional outlets - local journalists are often pretty wary of news handed down to them by bigger media entities . 
  what they need is actually better pr organisation and people who are competent at their job ^ such ^ as ^ me , ^ pls ^ hire, 
  foreign affairs is a good read generally , even when you disagree with the article 's stance . 
  name and shame , i guess . 
  what will harm a politician more , a long-winded investigation that they can spin as a conspiracy against them , or public and rock-solid data that 'll cause a complete media shitstorm that they wo n't ever be able to spin any way ? 
  not particularly . 
  i 'd say germany seems pretty moderate , though leaning a teensy bit on the conservative side of the spectrum . 
  given the difficulty of signing ceta , which is with `` nice guy '' canada and is a pretty progressive deal , there is abso-fucking-lutely no chance in hell of ttip ever coming into fruition . 
  nobody 's angry , just very surprised that germany would be considered a leftist society . 
   values like tolerance and social equality . 
  things like civil rights , women rights , enviroment movements ... 
  in what completely fucked up hellhole would those be considered particularly `` leftist '' ? 
  * girlfriend leaves him * `` if only refugees would leave too :( '', 
  mentions my hometown of montpellier . 
  does not mention n\u00eemes as a place to go to . 
  have an upvote , sir . 
  because the proposal concerns tax base not tax rate . 
  the horror !, 
  companies playing by the same rules !, 
  why yes , i 'm sure apple will leave english-speaking ireland and its 12.5 % tax rate for not-english speaking france and not-speaking-as-much-english-as-you-think germany and their 30 % and 25 % corporate tax rates . 
  goes something like `` l'autriche , c'est ce qu'il reste ! '' . 
  basically meant that they would carve up the austro-hungarian empire , distribute land , create new countries , etc. 
  and whatever was left of that would be austria . 
  good , because ceta 's replacing that with a panel of judges only appointed by the states , and not arbitrators , with public hearings and a right of appeal . 
   isds clauses are not new . 
  they 've been written into trade deals since the 1950s and are incorporated into over 3,000 international agreements . 
  almost half of them include eu member countries . 
  not just business though . 
  they 've set up their world hq in ireland - so people from all over the world work there . 
  being in an english-speaking country is a plus . 
  i read something about the carving up of the austro-hungarian empire after wwi . 
  clemenceau had said `` austria is whatever is left '' , heh . 
  i worked in lobbying , so i 'm speaking from personal experience . 
  well , that wo n't work anymore , apparently . 
  ireland 's big advantages to attrack tech firms - business friendly environment , and english speaking country in the eu - wo n't go away . 
  people who think apple and facebook and microsoft will leave ireland for germany or france are deluded . 
  cctb is one of the most sensible policy proposals in years . 
  it wo n't change the tax rate - ireland can stay with it 's 12.5 % rate - but it 'll make all european countries agree on a common tax base . 
  it 'll be a big step against `` tax optimization '' and tax avoidance . 
  buying our stuff . 
   anyway , people do n't want those isds . 
  they are n't even compatible with many eu constitution , the german being the first . 
  wonder how european countries have already signed hundreds of deals with isds clauses then . 
  um , because their goal was n't to watch the world burn but get a better deal for them . 
  apparently , they got that . 
  french tv had the option of showing a schultz vs juncker debate . 
  they did n't and showed some bullshit instead . 
  then they cry about why nobody knows about the eu . 
   i think the issue that the public generally have with trade deals is that , in common discourse , business interests are generally considered to be diametrically opposed to the interests of the public . 
  this is obviously patently false - we love the convenience , service , and choice , that businesses can provide us and in actual fact where the interests of the two do n't align is in a vanishingly small subset of areas . 
  why , then , do businesses lobby so hard against any kind of environmental , health and safety , social legislation ? 
  there is no hypocrisy . 
  ceta has been finalised , and it adresses a lot of the concerns about fta - isds reform , regulatory protection , etc. 
  it 's a pretty good deal for both parties . 
  it is , furthermore , a treaty with a country with extremely similar values and culture to most european countries . 
  ttip is still in negotiation and it looks like those are going nowhere , since the ` muricans are n't going to budge on the precautionary principle or the buy american clauses , and i have n't heard - but i may be wrong - any movement to adopt ceta 's improved isds . 
  ttip is also with the usa , which is a whole other can of beans compared to canada . 
  there 's a reason why the canadians are more sued in isds cases than any other country ... us corporations . 
  but there were n't private courts in the original treaty either ...
