  her argument is basically `` there 's a lot of waste , we 'll cut the waste and that 'll be it '' . 
  * a bit of a regression for women 's rights - she has stated she wants to stop free abortion and contraception covered by social security . 
  those are the big ones for me . 
  i wo n't get into the smaller reasons or the racism debate . 
  well , there 's the conspiracy theories about khadafi having financed his election campaign in 2007 and sarkozy wanting to `` erase '' that part . 
  but one of clinton 's leaked emails ( or alleged leaked emails , i do n't know for sure ) says that sarkozy 's main motive was to score some easy political points . 
  i go with that idea . 
  not fast enough , though . 
   `` everyone should be free to express their opinions all beliefs and creeds should live in harmony . '', 
  then the second anyone steps out of line they get denounced as literally hitler . 
  if you have freedom of speech to say something that i believe is pretty bad or horrible , than i have the freedom of speech to say that i believe it 's a nazi thing to say . 
  much , much worse . 
  chirac for all his massive faults , was not half the cunt sarkozy is . 
  in terms of international policy , chirac was very competent ( and pretty respected ! ) . 
  and let 's not forget , he kept us out of iraq . 
  yeah , we really fixed that situation , did n't we . 
  libya went into even more meltdown , the spillover from that caused us to go for another war in mali aaaaaand we kinda lost our first barrier against illegal immigration . 
  all in all , a brilliant move . 
  aw fuck , right , `` 20 years ago '' still means the 1980s in my head . 
  the falklands war , i believe . 
  then again , it was the last significant conflict with both sides engaging in air-to-air combat . 
  lol . 
   he never called for a creation like a french guantanamo . 
  his opponents accuse him to want it but he just proposed a internement of people suspect to be terrorists , in normal jails ruled by french law . 
  oh , that 's all right then , administrative detention of people because they 're suspects , i do n't see the problem at all . 
  it must be all those pesky `` legal quibbles '' he keeps going on about . 
  i wo n't even go into what laurent wauquiez , that vile and pathetic excuse for a human being , said on the matter . 
  forbes : `` did this entitled millenial hitchhiker hate new zealand because it 's not a safe space ? '', 
  funnily enough the polls also show that by and large left wing voters are mobilising again after going awol in most of the local and european elections . 
  but since the left is very divided , they 're going towards emmanuel macron ( socialist in name only ) and jean-luc m\u00e9lenchon ( much more leftist ) . 
  hollande should n't run again . 
  he should just straight up come and say that he failed and therefore wo n't run . 
  probably his only chance of being redeemed by history one day . 
  so , sarkozy ? 
  le pen never called for the creation of a french guantanamo prison camp detaining `` suspects '' . 
  le pen never said that we have to modify the constitution to ban the burkini . 
  le pen never said climate change was bullshit . 
  le pen is n't neck-deep in so many scandals nobody can keep track of them anymore . 
  should i go on ? 
  arabs represent something like 1 or 2 % of turkey 's population ... 
  good thing turkey is n't an arabic country then . 
  some guys like women with relatively flatter chests , y' know . 
  i 'm firmly in the `` boris johnson and donald trump are the same person '' camp at this point . 
  you 're right , i 'll change it . 
  yeah , but everybody elected idiots back then , it does n't count . 
  electing a corrupt , sexist and kinda racist businessman who tends to say whatever bullshit comes through his mind ? 
  they did it more than once . 
   february 21st , 1944  fresnes  my dear melin\u00e9e , my beloved little orphan ,  in a few hours i will no longer be of this world . 
  we are going to be executed today at 3:00 . 
  this is happening to me like an accident in my life ; i do n't believe it , but i nevertheless know that i will never see you again . 
   what can i write you ? 
  everything inside me is confused , yet clear at the same time . 
   i joined the army of liberation as a volunteer , and i die within inches of victory and the final goal . 
  i wish for happiness for all those who will survive and taste the sweetness of the freedom and peace of tomorrow . 
  i am sure that the french people , and all those who fight for freedom , will know how to honor our memory with dignity . 
  at the moment of my death , i proclaim that i have no hatred for the german people , or for anyone at all ; everyone will receive what he is due , as punishment and as reward . 
  the german people , and all other people will live in peace and brotherhood after the war , which will not last much longer . 
  happiness for all ...  i have one profound regret , and that 's not having made you happy ; i would so much have liked to have a child with you , as you always wished . 
  so i pray you marry after the war , and , for my happiness , to have a child and , to fulfill my last wish , marry someone who will make you happy . 
  all my goods and all my affairs , i leave them to you and to my nephews . 
  after the war you can request your right to a war pension as my wife , for i die as a regular soldier in the french army of liberation . 
   with the help of friends who 'd like to honor me , you should publish my poems and writings that are worth being read . 
  if possible , you should take my memory to my parents in armenia . 
  i will soon die with 23 of my comrades , with the courage and the serenity of a man with a peaceful conscience ; for , personally , i 've done no one ill , and if i have , it was without hatred . 
  today is sunny . 
  it 's by looking at the sun and the beauties of nature that i loved so much that i will say farewell to life and to all of you , my beloved wife , and my beloved friends . 
  i forgive all those who did me evil , or who wanted to do so , with the exception of he who betrayed us to save his skin , and those who sold us out . 
  i ardently kiss you , as well as your sister and all those who know me , near and far ; i hold you all against my heart . 
  farewell . 
   your friend , your comrade , your husband . 
   manouchian michel damn ninjas cutting onions again ... 
  yeah , it ( somewhat ) represents how the german language sounds to us . 
  [ never forget ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nl066rp7j7k ), 
  happy independence day !, 
  armenia will always have a special place for us . 
  there are a few people who also find * la v\u00e9rit\u00e9 si je mens * racist . 
  every single jewish person i know loves it and it 's a cult classic for them . 
  [ i 'd be salty if i did n't have these moves either tbf ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufs4mbxrf3m ), 
   film that ends with the racist and anti-semite french protagonist becoming pretty tolerant and that has a general `` let 's all live together in peace '' moral  literally the most racist thing ever seen, 
  sorry :( then again , it 's a video full of stereotypes , i 'm sure there are * some * british couples that do sleep together too !, 
  great point and i agree . 
  i feel that the `` open-source is better because people can check for any backdoors '' is flawed since most people - myself certainly included - do n't have the real technical knowledge to check it . 
  the real point of open-source is that it makes you think `` if they 're ok with putting it out there , then it means it 's good '' , which , again , brings us back to trust . 
  still , as a general rule it 's still recommended to use signal rather than whatsapp if encryption/privacy is a concern . 
  this was an ad in the late 80s by the comedians ' group les inconnus to raise awareness about safe sex , with some nice clich\u00e9s about various european countries . 
  i stumbled upon it this morning again and thought i 'd share it . 
  apart from the english one , they 're not really speaking the language , just imitating how it sounds , so here 's a rough translation of the subtitles : germany :  - husband , have you seen the time ? 
  this is the day we have to have sex . 
  we 're already 5 minutes late !, 
  let 's go now , then !, 
   - stop !, 
  do you have a condom ? 
   - first , the condom , then the fun !, 
   `` nowadays , no need to be ashamed , you must use a condom '' uk : it 's all in english already  the voice-over at the end says `` condoms , we invented them , now you try them '' . 
  italy : she just says `` do you have the condom ? '', 
  and the voice-over says `` the condom , you must always carry one '' in a mario accent . 
  greece :  - you 're using a condom , i hope ? 
   - of course !, 
   - yes , he 's right . 
  you must always use a condom !,
