  our political morality is so abysmally low it 's not even funny . 
  and any type of proposal for reform , or for more public transparency inevitably ends up with half the political class screaming about the return of the gestapo , and the other half starting long philosophical dissertations about `` the dictatorship of transparency '' . 
  ffs , we already have excellent privacy protection laws which i would n't change , and a very indifferent attitude to our politicians ' private lives ... is it so much to ask for some accountability on stuff like potential conflicts of interest or use of public funds ? 
  you ... you * barbarian * !, 
  just kidding , i used to mix wine and coca cola when i was a kid too . 
  we drink wine regularly , but not in very large quantities . 
  oh yeah , not denying that , and i think people are overlooking the fact that this is a historical first - first time a green politician is elected as leader of a european country i believe . 
  but still , it 's more of a squeaky-bum victory than a triumph . 
  sad that other people apart from working men have the right to vote , huh ? 
  would n't call a 51 % victory `` triumphant '' . 
  when i was watching the wire , the similarities with marseille were stunning . 
  marseille is baltimore , only with better weather . 
  i would definitely not advocate for complete e-government without draconian privacy laws , a strong independent agency with far-reaching powers or even a specific court . 
  eh , techniques had been developed , but the lumi\u00e8re brothers most definitely created the first real films . 
  i mean , airplanes had existed for a long time before the wright brothers , but you would still consider them and not clement adler as fathers of aircraft . 
  cinema !, 
  specifically , the very first motion pictures . 
  the amount of people who think that it was invented in the usa triggers me . 
  has n't been amazing for the music industry . 
  worked wonders for cinema though . 
  seriously . 
  mitterrand was already a prominent politician in 1945 . 
  he was minister of the interior in 1954 . 
  his first presidential run was in 1965 . 
  and he left power in 1995 . 
  to our american friends , that 's as if adlai stevenson , who lost against eisenhower in 1952 , had been president instead of bill clinton . 
  i have the opposite analysis . 
  i do n't believe for a second that jupp\u00e9 will win the ump primaries . 
  oh , he 's high in the polls , sure , but how many of those people will actually turn up to vote ? 
  left-wing people , who find jupp\u00e9 more palatable than sarkozy , certainly wo n't . 
  if the 2011 primaries taught us anything it 's that you win this kind of election first and foremost with your party base . 
  and the ump base is fanatically pro-sarkozy ( in recent internal elections , sarkozyst candidates swept a very large majority of local ump federations ) . 
  if you 're left-leaning , you should take a look at matthias fekl ( secretary of state for foreign trade ) . 
  young , has more diplomas than you can count , has a modern look but still keeps some core left-wing principles . 
  it 's like macron if macron were truly left-wing and had not been a millionaire banker . 
  about the lack of `` new blood '' , it 's a cultural thing . 
  our politicians are recruted from an extremely narrow social spectrum : graduates from a few very select schools ( sciences po and especially ena ) . 
  very , very few come from outside this circle . 
  the ena class of 1980 ( called `` promotion voltaire '' ) is particulary famous because nearly all of hollande 's inner circle was there . 
  this has led french politics to mimic the roman * cursus honorum * : study at sciences po or ena . 
  work as a high-level civil servant . 
  then work as a high level political operative ( ministerial chief of staff , or part of the president 's inner staff ) . 
  get on your party 's ticket for a local election , as mayor or mp ( or both ! ) . 
  become a minister . 
  become a more important minister . 
  sometimes , but not often , become prime minister . 
  gain control of your party . 
  then start the slog to become president . 
  if it does n't work , try again . 
  this is how you get the same politicians for 30 years . 
  you ca n't just sign up your name like in the usa for primary elections , or just be a high-flying mp after working as an government advisor like the uk ( i 'm exagerating , but comparatively it 's what it looks like ) . 
  people want `` new blood '' , but then keep electing more of the same . 
  so yeah , we also have the politicians we deserve . 
  do you honestly not see the difference between thinking that american supplied equipment was n't the only reason the ussr won though it was important ( which is what i think ) , and thinking that american supplied equipment had no role whatsoever ( which is what i do n't think ) ? 
  maybe people were expecting polish butter churners again ? 
  i like people who can only think in extremes . 
  so there 's no middle ground possible between '' ` murica saved the world again '' and `` glorious mother russia do everything '' ? 
  pointing out the gargantuan contribution of the ussr - with us help in terms of logistics , vehicles and food - is n't a synonym for `` america was useless '' . 
  poking fun at cnn that describes d-day as `` the decisive battle of wwii '' , which is demonstrably and factually false does n't mean that either . 
  did n't you hear ? 
  the russians only won because all of their equipment and weapons were american . 
  do n't use facebook if you value privacy . 
  the second battle of the marne is generally considered the decisive battle of wwi . 
  british english just looks more elegant when you write it . 
  seems logical to me . 
  energy supply has become an environmental issue . 
  are n't the tories using the time-tested method of `` instead of privatising outright , let 's make it worse and worse until people accept privatisation '' ? 
  the attitudes are definitely changing , especially among young people and students . 
  you 've got eastern european students coming to western universities for some years now , you 've got a lot of young westerners going to poland , czech republic or croatia for their vacations ... one factor is also ryanair and other discount airlines opened lines to eastern europe and it 's become an increasingly popular destination . 
  it 'll be a long time before the west stops alienating eastern europe , but there 's definite progress . 
  british political tv series are miles ahead of any others . 
  yes minister is great , the thick of it is fucking amazing , the original house of cards ... 
  even veep , which is an hbo show , has brits at the helm . 
  yeah , i did n't know that at the time , so i was pretty surprised to say the least !, 
  at least you did n't have the singular experience of being told `` that 's funny , you do n't sound like you come from texas '' . 
  that 's what some ` muricans asked me when i said i was from paris . 
  i looked a bit into mandarin , not trying to learn it but just curious as to how the language works . 
  pronunciation is incredibly difficult , and really , really hard to read it , but i was surprised by , those things aside , how easy the grammar is . 
  like there 's no past tense or future tense or whatever . 
  why do i get the feeling that it would n't bother you that much if it were british ( or something ) expats wanting to be buried in the uk ? 
   maybe they arent at home ? 
  maybe his election is symbolic of the fact that white britons are a minority in their city ? 
  i love the fact that you just assume absolutely no whites voted for sadiq khan . 
   did you know french algerians commonly send their bodies back tk algeria to be buried ? 
  even if they were born in francs ? 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  people do n't have a choice in where their body should be buried now ? 
  muslims stay marginalised : `` look !, 
  they ca n't integrate !, 
  obviously they ca n't have a place in our society ! '', 
  muslim guy actually gets a good education , becomes a lawyer , moves up , gets elected as mp then as mayor of the nation 's capital , all while showing progressive values : `` aaaah !, 
  europe is completely islamicised now !, 
  it 's no longer london but londonistan ! '', 
  the guy voted * in favour of same-sex marriage * . 
  if that does n't scream `` really moderate muslim who clearly does n't follow everything in the quran to the letter '' , i do n't know what does . 
  not saying i agree with it , but you could say there 's an argument that males do n't always understand what it is to be a female in public transportation ( harassment and the like ) . 
  tbh it 's the only argument i can see . 
   no , but when it 's a government publication vs some bloke on reddit making unsupported and unsourced claims , one is a better defended position than the other . 
  yes , because that eu leaflet is so well-sourced itself . 
   the raising of the minimum wage was not the issue , despite it being useful for your argument if it were .
