  actually , fuck daladier twice because even though chamberlain was a clueless twat , daladier actually knew what he was doing and knew that it was a disaster . 
  thanks for the links !, 
  the last two were especially interesting . 
  however , i remember reading or hearing somewhere that the south 's cotton exports fell after the war and never really recovered , especially after britain found the cotton motherload in india . 
  so , sure , they could still produce it , but they were n't trading as much of it is what i was getting at . 
  also , yeah , they could still produce it , but that 's hindsight . 
  were n't confederate leaders pushing the idea that the abolition of slavery would kill their economy ? 
  it 's not only a greek thing either . 
  hinduism also had numerous branches of materialist and atheist philosophies , as early as the 3rd or 4th centuries bce . 
  even buddhism is , at its core , very atheist-compatible , as it categorically rejects belief in the soul , and does n't recognise a god . 
  do n't forget that one of his advisors said on tv that without sarkozy , it would have been the end of democracy in france , in europe and in the world : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_byo79ahmnq, 
  it 's definitely not always absolutely true , but he 's not wrong . 
  trade has very often been a cause for war . 
  the american civil war , for instance , also happened because any kind of abolition of slavery would have fucked the south 's economy , which was so reliant on cotton exports . 
  i believe the confederates hoped european countries to support them as they were big cotton buyers ( did n't happen though ) . 
  also , star wars . 
  oh come on . 
  `` ever closer union '' was one of the core values of the rome treaty . 
  you voted to join a common market that was explicitly and completely set up to lead to political union . 
  if your politicians at the time forgot to mention that , blame them . 
  in france , if you get more than 5 % of the vote , part of your campaign spending is reimbursed by the government ( and in totality if you do more than 10 % ) . 
  that 's partly why campaign spending is regulated by very draconian laws . 
  they want to leave nato 's integrated command structure . 
  remember , we were n't in it until 2007 , a heritage of charles de gaulle 's `` independence first '' policy . 
  leaving nato 's integrated command is n't a fringe position either , it 's also held by the far left , as well as mainstream conservatives , socialists and centrists . 
  the alliance with russia part is completely daft though . 
  yeah , so basically we can continue accusing each other of being other countries ' lackeys , but its going a bit in circles now . 
  just on some points : * yup , got territorial waters and exclusive zones mixed up , my bad . 
  they 're still pretty important , contrary to what you 're saying ( as i said - strategic importance , trade , also gives us presence on every continent , etc. ) . 
  they 're not really in the middle of nowhere either , if you know geography . 
  * nope , the uk 's involvement in syria predates the november 13th attacks , started in 2014 in fact : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_shader#intervention_in_syria * funny speaking about a french police state when you have cctv all over the place , and gchq spying over everybody and then sharing that with the nsa . 
  we 're only now getting to your level on mass surveillance . 
   there is a difference between subservience and trust . 
  iraq has killed the british trust of the us . 
  we have never been subservient to the us . 
  though you 'd know all about subservience in france , right ? 
  it 's killed the british trust in the us so much that the uk is still basically the us 's yes-man in the world . 
  why do you think the usa wants the u to stay in the eu ? 
  it needs its bridgehead in europe . 
  oh yeah , there was that one time on syria , and that was thanks to ed miliband 's only moment of intelligence , but that was about it . 
   source + your point ? 
  having territorial waters means nothing if they do n't gain you anything . 
  source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/exclusive_economic_zone#france shows presence worldwide and the like , as well as zones of influence - same reason china 's piling down the pressure in the chinese sea . 
   so the germans can give you your script ? 
   oh yeah totes , not like our pm just went to germany saying that merkel 's policy on refugees was batshit insane or anything . 
  i 'll wait for the day a uk pm goes to the us and says `` guys , you 're completely wrong , this is a stupid idea '' about something . 
   france being jealous that the uk made colonies with which it agrees ? 
  you do n't always have to have a different opinion , agreeing with someone is not being subservient to them , or do you really think france is subservient to germany ? 
  there 's a difference between agreeing and saying `` yes '' to everything . 
  we do n't do that with germany . 
  but it 's what happens with the usa and the uk . 
  also funny that you conveniently forgot to answer the question : where was the uk 's influence in these two deals , possibly the most significant ones in ir in the last year ? 
  not counting cop21 . 
  fact is , the uk has immense potential for influence in the world . 
  but for some reason , you basically traded it all off to the usa . 
  there 's a reason the uk is called the 51st state . 
   still jealous that even our prison colonies turned out successful ? 
  it 's okay , you have quebec . 
  no sweat , just wait till vietnam becomes the new china . 
   energy security does not equal geopolitical power ( unless you have no allies willing to provide for you , which we do ) , yeah , such as ... france . 
  so , about defence ... we spend less than the uk does , no doubt . 
  but : * larger nuclear weapons arsenal ( 3rd largest in the world , in fact ) . 
  oh yeah , and we built it up alone , we did n't have the usa give us the spare missiles they did n't want . 
  * and we 're way ahead of any european country on nuclear and space technology . 
  the esa is headquartered in paris and launches from kourou , france is its biggest funder , arianespace is a french company . 
  oh , there 's also airbus , but that 's more of a european thing , agreed . 
  * one of the few countries that has full autonomy for building fighter aircraft ( and pretty kickass ones as that ) * we 're not traditionnaly as subservient to the usa . 
  case in point , iraq . 
  that was 13 years ago , but still kind of a big deal . 
  * 2nd largest territorial water zones in the world ( after us ) . 
  * 2nd largest embassy network in the world ( after us ) . 
  * eu influence . 
  say what you will about germany having the upper hand , but there 's a reason that there 's a franco-german summit before every eu council meeting . 
  * so , where exactly were you guys with your awesome diplomatic power during the minsk negotiations for ukraine , or even the iran deal , apart from saying `` yeah , whatever the usa says '' ? 
  we definitely were n't in the big players either , but it has been attested fabius had some influence . 
  * that report about the uk becoming the top economy in 10-15 years , with france slumping out to irrelevancy ? 
  no wonder it was published in the french-loving uk press . 
  it 's * one * report . 
  i also found equally dubious studies saying that france will overtake germany because of demographic advantage . 
  all of those are complete hogwash . 
  edit : should also mention that at least we did n't send all of our convicts to some hellhole and them see them turn up 50 years later with lower homicide rates and better quality of life . 
  :d edit 2 : just for honesty 's sake , i 'm not saying we do n't have problems . 
  economically we 're fucked and the uk is doing a better job of it ( though i do n't think we 'd like to go full zero-hour contract and food bank style ) , but on the diplomatic and military side of things , we 're still punching way above our weight , in * relative * independence from the usa . 
  i love communism jokes !, 
  here 's a few : a discussion between three gulag prisoners : `` so , comrade , what have you done to be here ? '', 
  `` well , i came late to work , so they accused me of sabotage '' . 
  `` and you , comrade , what did you do ? '', 
  `` well , i came early to work , so they accused me of industrial espionnage . 
  what about you , comrade ? '', 
  `` well , i came to work on time , so they accused me of buying my watch in the west '' . 
  the french communist party is holding its annual raffle party . 
  1st prize : one week 's vacation in the ussr . 
  2nd prize : two week 's vacation in the ussr . 
  why do policemen in maoist china walk in groups of three ? 
  because the first one can read , the second one can write , and the third one can keep an eye on those two intellectuals . 
  can we build communism in the desert ? 
  yes , but you would have to import sand after a point . 
  what is the most neutral country in the world ? 
  czechoslovakia , it does n't even intervene in its own domestic policy . 
  opinion polls are giving him 9 % of the vote , and m\u00e9lenchon is a great campaign politician if nothing else ( especially good at speeches ) .
