  people who are no coal miners voting to save the coal industry is just nuts . 
   it seems like france and germany are frequently meeting to discuss these european defense matters , but other eu nations are rarely if ever present . 
  they 're more than welcome to join , but france , germany and italy are the most enthusiastic for this , so yeah . 
  or , in other words , in most constituencies a majority of voters do n't want an fn representative at all . 
  in 2012 , the ps had the presidency , the national assembly , the senate , nearly every region , a majority of the departments and most big cities . 
  they have lost absolutely everything in such a crushing manner , it 's almost mind-boggling . 
  prague is a lovely city with a weird mix of art nouveau and gothic architecture rich artistic heritage with franz kafka even if he wrote in german , milan kundera , dvorak , alfons mucha ... 
  the word `` robot '' comes from czech was an advanced economy before world war ii we fucked them very badly in the munich agreements in 1938 which is probably the single biggest idiotic moment in our history my neck nearly snapped when i visited because of the women prague metro does n't actually require you to validate your tickets you guys like throwing people out of windows `` the truth alone triumphs '' is the czech republic 's motto , which it shares with india . 
  it was said by jan hus , who was a national hero . 
  jan palach :( prague spring vaclav havel was a brilliant man charter 77 , a political manifesto in 1977 criticising the lack of human rights velvet revolution in 1989 , remarkable for being non-violent euro 2004 czech republic team is still one of my favourite , even if milan baros is overrated . 
  kebab trucks on every corner, 
  more like designed so that an elected official actually does have effective majority voting for him/her . 
  iirc a lot of women watch gay porn , because they do n't want to see girls but dudes . 
  same thing , i guess . 
   where women are not treated like objects belonging a man , where women are not just grabbed and fucked or forced on a dick , where female pleasure is considered . 
  quite a few women like this though , heh . 
  i 'd say female-friendly is more about not looking excessively fake , unrealistic , over the top , or just male centered , rather than about the type of sex shown . 
  seen utopia , have you ? 
  to be fair this is n't a us thing at all , most people everywhere are taught the false narrative of the fall of rome in 476 . 
  and very few actually do recognise the byzantines as the roman empire . 
  `` real rome '' `` fell '' `` germanic barbarians '' congrats , you made a sentence where everything is wrong . 
  to be fair , / r/askhistorians maintains a generally high quality level of posts and comments thanks to its brutal mods . 
  `` an emperor should not outlive his empire '' - constantine xi palaiologos , before leading the last charge against the turks , and the last stand of the roman empire :'( edit : other sources say his last words were `` the city is fallen , and i am still alive '' . 
  counterpoint , luc besson married a 16 or 17 year old actress when he himself was nearly in his forties , ca n't really remember any scandal . 
  it 's funny because our constitution since 1958 is basically , when you really get down to it , very monarchical ( monarchic ? 
  ) , with the president having tons of power . 
  de gaulle famously said that he wanted to `` give france a king again '' , in a new form . 
  so we like having kings . 
  but as sarkozy and hollande 's fate shows , we still also love cutting their heads off . 
  it 's a reference to fallout !, 
  but in all seriousness , that whole monarchy thing really did n't end well here . 
  brits hate him !, 
  learn how this doctor can help you get rid of an archaic and undemocratic institution !, 
  monarchy is the very definition of failure !, 
  if current trends continue ( theresa may style conservatism and labour keeps choosing loonies ) is there any chance of the lib dems and labour moderates joining together , en marche style ? 
  i believe that it already happened in the 1980s . 
  apart for brexit that 's generally what holds up , yeah . 
  every single uk election/referendum i 've been following for quite a few years . 
  * at first one side seems way ahead . 
  * then polls start narrowing a lot , everyone gets into a frenzy . 
  * with incredible professionalism , pollsters just throw up their hands and say `` the election is ... * too close to call * '' . 
  * and in the end the winner actually wins by a pretty fair margin . 
  because one of the biggest brakes on accessing the job market is the rigidity of the cdi ( non-fixed term contract for you non-french people out there ) . 
  employers do n't want to risk taking in certain people for various reasons ( young people , sometimes women and minorities , etc. ) . 
  especially young people since they 're not as productive . 
  basically they find it too much of a risk . 
  as a result the main way to gain your first job is through a cdd ( fixed-term contract ) or any other precarious contract ( part-time for example ) . 
  most entries into the unemployment register are n't people fired for economic reasons but people whose cdd or other contract has run out . 
  of course normally this reform will be coupled with a few others - the reform on financing social security by csg tax rather than payroll taxes , and the reform on making the unemployment benefit universal and the training reform . 
  pretty sure everyone benefits from lower unemployment . 
  it is also macron 's intention to make a true universal unemployment benefit system and have a working retraining system as well . 
  because right now , we have working poors and poor unemployed !, 
  a better situation to be sure . 
  one can only hope . 
  of course , that 's not what the fn or lr is hoping for , since they 're patriotic only if it means they can get some more power ( and some in fi do n't hope it either , but that 's because their worldview would be too massively challenged ) . 
  this but unironically . 
  it 's pretty unprecedented that * everything * hinges on this reform . 
  if macron fails , everyone will realise it 's just business as usual : nothing seriously done , and piecemeal half-assed reforms that actually add to the problems . 
  we 'll have missed out on a unique opportunity to finally adress some issues in a sensible manner . 
  we can kiss any great reform plan for the eu goodbye because other european countries will just think `` yup , we 've seen this before '' , especially in germany . 
  and macron 's credibility will collapse pretty fast . 
  it 's very recent and it really only started with sarkozy . 
  nobody cared about mitterrand and chirac 's private lives , and their wives were known only because they had pretty strong personalities . 
  her dress is perfectly fine , i do n't really see the problem ? 
   do you truly believe france or uk is willing to chose their own mass extinction by nuclear hell fire over tallinn ? 
  russia would n't likely use nukes , but eu members most certainly wo n't . 
  most of the western eu population does n't even support mutual defense . 
  furthermore the army is n't held in much regard in some of the most prosperous eu economies . 
  which is why we sent a tripwire force to estonia , but do n't let that stop your narrative . 
  newsflash number 1 : the age of consent remains 15 here . 
  newsflash number 2 : absolutely fucking * nobody * here gives the slightest shit about it . 
  at most we can find it a bit amusing and that 's that . 
  newsflash number 3 : unlike in the usa or uk , our politicians ' private lives are private . 
  so long as it is n't illegal , we do n't give a single fuck what they do with their penises , vaginas or assholes . 
  bollywood exports well to the indian diaspora but yeah . 
  you are right that south korean films sell here because they 're good , but they could n't have existed without screen quotas . 
  your second point is a very fair criticism of the policy . 
  most economists i know of acknowledge that `` infant industry '' protection is n't always a bad thing . 
  south korea is definitely a textbook example of `` neoliberal '' policy success - open up the economy , make structural reforms , invest in education , ( especially but not only women ) , and inclusion . 
  right , so you have no idea what you 're talking about , do you ? 
  the eu council is n't a `` supergovernment with unelected officials '' . 
  it 's simply the representation of the member states , specifically the ministers of each member state of a given domain . 
  so for example , this was done by the ministers for digital policy and culture of every eu member state . 
  not unknown people , not secret cabals , just your normal national ministers . 
  the eu parliament is elected by the people , as is the eu commission despite the best efforts of the british to stop that . 
  they were able to exist and prosper because south korea enacted a screen quota . 
  pre-1980s south korean cinema suffered because it was being crushed by films from hong kong and hollywood . 
  the quota allowed the domestic film industry to grow . 
  mainly because it helps secure funding for korean movies . 
  without it , south korean cinema would 've simply been an absolute niche if not practically extinct . 
  so elected governments agreeing to something has no legitimacy ? 
  those south korean movies exist because of a similar policy by south korea . 
  `` power-hungry eu '' the member states voted for it . 
  we 're not the only ones who do it , by the way . 
  everyone is raving about south korean cinema and directors such as park chan-wook and bong joon-ho . 
  the south korean cinema boom happened because they also pursued a similar cultural policy . 
  weller is amazing in these docs , it 's more the fake-hans zimmer music and the voiceover like `` an empire ... with a dark side ! '', 
  that looks just out of a movie poster . 
  either that or everything has to be dramatic or epic . 
  i always find [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qj0drhrhaty ) documentary about the byzantine empire by the history channel to be hilarious in tone .
