  * m. michel cadot : i have no knowledge of such acts , neither from the medico-legal institute nor from law enforcement civil servants . 
  in any case , the judicial inquiry will establish the truth of the matter . 
  it is however my understanding that no knife or cutting object was found on the site of the attack that could have allowed such mutilations . 
  it will be easy to verify it during the inquiry . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , once again , i received no message about this from the medico-legal institute nor from the anti-criminal brigade involved . 
  * m. christian sainte . 
  * m. christian sainte : i can not say much , given the advancement of the inquiry , but nothing , to the best of my knowledge , allows us to think that any of this is true . 
  i will add for the sake of clarity that many of the bodies found in the bataclan were indeed severely mutilated by explosions and guns , to the point that it was hard to reconstitute dismembered bodies . 
  the wounds described by the father may also have been caused by automatic weapons , explosions , or the resulting projections of nails . 
  on lui aurait mis ses testicules dans la bouche ... * but he supposedly had his testicles placed in his mouth ... * m. christian sainte . 
  * m. christian sainte : i do not have this information , and if such facts had been established , i think such an information would not have escaped me * . 
  edit : i also wonder why they called the paris prefect the `` prosecutor '' . 
  turns out the prosecutor ( fran\u00e7ois molins ) also talked in front of the committee , but here 's what was said : m. le pr\u00e9sident . 
  * m. president of the committee . 
  after the november attacks , the fact that barbaric acts were committed has been evoked . 
  it 's a rumour . 
  the coroners are absolutely sure : there has n't been any barbaric act , no use of knives or swords . 
  according to one testimony , a person 's testicles were cut but no observation has allowed to support this . 
  * edit 2 : [ here 's the full text ] ( http://www.assemblee-nationale.fr/14/rap-enq/r3922-t2.asp ) . 
  i 'd only miss youtube from all of google 's products . 
  i do n't use any others anyway . 
  the private contractor that developed the app was summoned at the ministry of the interior this afternoon . 
  must 've been an epic bollocking . 
  only imams that advocate violence are stopped and deported . 
  imams that spew islamist hateful ideology without actually calling for violence are generally left alone , because strictly speaking they 're not doing anything against the law . 
  universalism of values has literally nothing to do with immigration policy . 
  you can believe in restricting immigration while also believing that liberal democratic values are universal - in fact that 's a core position of neo-conservatism . 
  the daily mail may publish juicy stories on tory figures , but they are more relentless ( and more efficient ) at pushing an ideological agenda than any other newspaper in the world , bar propaganda sheets . 
  yes , that 's why the deterrent is `` counter-value '' , or in blunt terms , not aimed at the enemy 's military but his civilian population . 
  except it was n't . 
  there 's a reason the soviet `` seven days to the rhine '' plan/wargame stopped at the rhine . 
  well , erm , yes . 
  at least , as far as anything is known about it , that is our nuclear deterrent doctrine . 
  the whole point was nuclear retaliation even against a non-nuclear power or in the case of a conventional attack . 
  specifically the gamble is to ask the ussr the question `` sure , you 'll wipe us out , but you 'll lose millions and millions of your citizens doing so . 
  is it worth it ? 
  yeah , did n't think so '' . 
   yet all those former regimes the us supported are democracies today . 
  with exceptions for iran ( which severed its relationship with us ) and saudi arabia . 
  in no way thanks to the usa . 
  they became democracies by overthrowing the violent dictators the usa supported . 
   japan ? 
  west germany ? 
  though in korea 's case , the us was supporting a dictator at first . 
  germany was a democracy before hitler took power . 
  and south korea took its sweet time before becoming anything resembling a democracy . 
  japan is a good example though . 
  though all three examples also show the ridiculous cost , in financial and human terms , of trying some `` democracy building '' . 
  does n't apply to the uk and france since we have , you know , nukes , and that basically covers defense . 
   s\u00e9bastien huyghe , a spokesman for nicolas sarkozy 's rightwing les r\u00e9publicains , called hollande 's hairdressing habits `` the frenzy of someone who has lost touch with reality '' . 
  coming from the guy that gave himself a 140 % salary increase while he was president , had a personal makeup professional paid 8 000 $ a month , and under whom the elys\u00e9e 's personal expenses skyrocketed , this is pretty rich . 
  edit : also , the expenses of the presidency have been steadily decreasing every year since 2012 - it 's one of hollande 's few good points . 
  yes , i 'm sure quite a few people in chile , argentina , brazil , guatemala , honduras , salvador , nicaragua , iran , saudi arabia can very well see how well the usa influenced countries to democratize . 
   the us actually has exported it to a number of countries , including by force of arms . 
  such as ? 
  nah , it 's more like `` you do n't even need a licence agreement , it 's all good , honest '' . 
  this is pure hypocrisy . 
  we 're perfectly fine with dictators as long as they serve our interests . 
  let 's not pretend this is about bringing democracy and freedom and whatever to the poor oppressed peoples of the world . 
  to answer bluntly : nobody should , unless it 's causing international problems . 
  in this regard , the 1st gulf war was pretty justified and well handled . 
  realpolitik is preferable to misguided idealism . 
  how is that even close to being a similar case ? 
  that was not about exporting democracy to a dictatorship , but the liberation of an occupied country . 
  also funny to see that the old neo-con argument of `` you should n't oppose the iraq war because muh 1944 '' is alive and well . 
   you would n't be saying that if it was your country . 
  maybe i would , and maybe i would n't . 
  still pretty irrelevant , because if you think the iraq war was to liberate iraqi people , you 're pretty deluded . 
  again , i 'm not hearing anybody ask to wage war to give democracy to saudi arabia or qatar . 
   in fact , you do n't say that about any of the times it has been your country . 
  any of the times ? 
  lol . 
  the only case you could make is 1944 and even that 's a pretty weak comparison . 
   really ? 
  it was n't because a democratic , pro-western iraq , allied to the united states , is actually in the interest of the united states ? 
  it was n't because people had been advocating for war with iraq since 1992 ? 
  it was n't because he was a genocidal dictator and needed to go , and his regime was going to collapse and then iraq would have become western iran ? 
  none of that had any effect on our strategic policy ? 
  oh , please . 
  the usa has never had any second thoughts about supporting brutal dictators ( see : the entire history of latin america , or saudi arabia ) or turning a blind eye to genocide ( see : bangladesh genocide ) . 
  the whole `` he 's a dictator and needed to go therefore war was justified '' is complete bullshit . 
  democracy is not a product for exportation , and even less so by force of arms . 
  the iraq war is , to put it mildly , the single biggest fuck up of the beginning of the 21st century , and a prime example of that . 
  it failed to build any kind of peace and stability , it failed to build a stable , democratic iraq , it failed in stopping terrorism , and its result , a decade later , is isis . 
  and the worst thing is , all of that was predictable and predicted . 
  europe is hollande 's biggest failure and the original sin of his presidency . 
  his first promise was to renegociate the `` merkozy '' treaty . 
  never happened . 
  after that , anything he did on europe was a lose-lose , so in typical hollande fashion he basically did nothing . 
  the refugee crisis is a good example . 
  which is funny because if i 'm not mistaken , sarkozy 's personal relationship with merkel was shaky at best , and hollande and her get along much better . 
  moldova has epic sax boy though . 
  i think you might have misunderstood me , what i mean is it 's too convenient to use the `` bad apples '' argument for anything . 
  barroso was never liked and now all these eu officials and meps have found a reason to shit on him so they do . 
  except even though i dislike barroso , he 's not the problem ; the problem is the eu being influenced so much by the financial sector . 
  barroso is just an example of that . 
  cutting his pension may be a nice symbol , but wo n't do shit about the main issue . 
  same thing with goldman sachs . 
  they 're the tree that hides the forest . 
  this is something that generally pisses me off - it 's too easy to focus on just one person or a corporation .
