  funny but even though we 've never had such a high overall medal tally , the lack of golds and disappointment from lavillenie and florent manaudou ( and the whole swimming squad really ? 
  best in euope in 2012 and shit this time ) taints the whole thing . 
  same thing as before ? 
  amazing on paper , always disappointing at tournaments . 
  you 're getting downvoted but you 're fundamentally right . 
  the usa has alwats wanted europe to be strong enough to be a reliable ally , but not so strong and united as to become a potential rival . 
  which is partly why they always pushed so hard for their trojan horse , the uk , to be in the eu , or supported turkey 's entry . 
  that 's not just reddit , it 's true . 
  that has never been the case under a republican government . 
  we 're the birthplace of civic nationalism as opposed to ethnic nationalism . 
  we 've had black people in positions of authority well before anyone else , for example . 
  for real . 
  when talking about this sort of issue , most people here just end uo saying `` why ca n't everybody keep their religion to themselves , in private ?!, 
  exactly . 
  rape is not about sexual attraction but domination and punishment . 
  come on . 
  in every single country , it 's highly suspected that the number of reported rapes is lower than the real number of rapes because many women do n't report them , out of a feeling of shame and sometimes even guilt . 
  yeah , rape is a terribly fucked up thing where the victim often feels guilty ( even when there 's no victim blaming or accusations of sluttiness ! ) . 
  nobody 's saying bulgaria is india , just that in general rapes are underreported . 
  wow , 33 % of americans thought it was patriotic according to one poll . 
  nope , because `` the left wing '' does n't mean `` communism '' . 
  i 'm not . 
  as embarrassing as sex-ed was to my 14 year old self back in the day , it was still a good thing on reflection . 
  better to get it like that than from porn . 
  not gon na lie , i 'm a bit salty about the booing of lavillenie . 
  teaching the important things in life !, 
  probably a statistics thing - there are four categories of unemployed people according to p\u00f4le emploi ( national jobs agency ) : fully unemployed ( a ) , unemployed but worked 78 hours or less in the last month ( b ) , unemployed but worked 78 hours or more in the last month ( c ) and unemployed but not looking for a job because they 're in training or have severe disabilities etc. 
  these latest figures come from the insee ( national statistics agency ) who only take into account category a people . 
  p\u00f4le emploi , which takes all categories into account , will release their own figures next wednesday . 
  incidentally this is why it 's iffy to compare unemployment figures from country to country because the data is collected so differently ( and why it 's a good idea to compare only with figures collected with the ibl definition of unemployment ) . 
  that 's assuming countries would recognise such a court 's authority . 
  take countries with , ah , non-independent justice systems . 
  what 's to stop them setting up a sham accusation with fake witnesses to frame an ambassador as part of a power play ? 
  the swimming team has been an amazing shitshow . 
  not only have they been poor but there 's been no end of infighting and poor sportsmanship . 
  it 's their knysna . 
  thankfully we still have our lord and saviour teddy riner . 
  given how he 's hated by everybody and by the japanese , i 'm looking forward to tokyo 2020 . 
  any closed-source software claiming to use e2e encryption is bullshit as 1 ) they have rhe key 2 ) there is actually no way to see of there 're any backdoors . 
  unless , of course , one is okay with trusting the company owned by facebook on privacy issues . 
  inb4 sky and other media spin this as romania stamping on the free press . 
  another fine piece of reporting from politico . 
  only interviews the agriculture minister and a spokesperson of the farmers ' union , no environmentalist , no scientist , says that the `` cash investigation '' show was fear-mongering while saying `` the farmers may have a point '' . 
  journalism 101 guys . 
  yes . 
  i 'm on mobile and ca n't link it , but not only have people refrained from discussing touchy subjects online for fear of surveillance , they tend to not visit sites as innocuous as the wikipedia page on jihadism ( for example ) for fear of being `` on a list '' . 
  gentrification is a real thing . 
  i always use the example of the marais , but there are others . 
  * never had to sacrifice anything since they were born after the wars * lived in a time of full employment where you basically had to have a neat tie and you 'd get a job * lived in times when the welfare state was expanding and had a social safety net without having to worry about national debts * have locked down all positions of power and wo n't let go at all * are the most important voting block especially in ageing societies , so all politics pander to them * have a complete control over real estate , since they could buy property in a time when it was dirt cheap * god forbid anybody touch their pensions and other privileges ( that the youth pay for ) * call millenials , who most probably wo n't ever get the same pensions , job security , easiness of getting in the job market or the housing market , `` entitled '' and the `` me generation '', 
  well yeah , it was apparent that it was in both countries ' interests to work together instead of going to war every 50 years . 
  france and germany are not `` friends '' , though . 
  very close allies , yes . 
  but at the end of the day , it 's only because we benefit from it . 
  airbnb is a fucking blight on the city . 
  there wo n't be any `` real '' parisian left in 10 to 20 years , only tourists , louis vuitton boutiques and starbucks . 
  i fully empathise with what she and her daughters suffered . 
  but justice is not vengeance and murder is murder . 
  i was talking from the perspective of a windows user ( which is the majority of the population ) . 
  ubuntu while very easy to use , does have a slight learning curve if you 're coming from windows ( it 's much closer to a mac , i feel ) . 
  mint can be used almost instinctively by a windows user . 
  yeah , mint is n't probably well suited for government use . 
  still less of a pain to use than every other linux distro for the private user though . 
  most of their covers are n't about muslims . 
  but the ones that are get the most attention . 
  no infrastructure , no coaches , no investment , and a general cultural disdain for sports and athleticism ( unless it 's cricket ) . 
  any kid who wants to be an athlete gets metric tons of pressure from parents and friends and anybody really to quit and do something sensible like it engineering . 
  funnily enough , on / r/india a few were blaming it on genetics . 
  with linux mint , there 's finally a windows-friendly distribution . 
  i 've been using it and really like it . 
  of course , it 's not much liked by the purists but eh . 
  federalisation is n't a thing yet . 
  eu countries are n't setting aside their national interests , but agreeing on exercising certain powers in common , because it benefits every european country to have a well regulated single market , or to have a bigger negotiating power against corporations , etc. 
  no government would stay in the eu if it didn ' y benefit them in some way . 
  also , in the most important areas of state power ( foreign affairs and defense ) , the eu is non-existent . 
  oh , sure , countries have alliances , and some last longer than others . 
  but they are not permanent . 
  individuals have friends , but there has never been a state that did n't pursue its own national interest before all other considerations . 
  every time somebody says the had the most horrible or disappointing experience in paris , i can confidently predict with 97.65 % accuracy that they just stuck to the tourist areas . 
   and there is n't another francophone city that even comes close to paris . 
  it 's not 100 % francophone , true . 
  well , al qaeda did receive support from the us . 
  they did n't become terrorists overnight either , international jihad was always part of their platform . 
  the us had no problem with that at all so long as it was directed against the soviet union . 
  the isis part is a bit more indirect , but the iraq war was a major factor that led to the rise of isis . 
  the real irony is that may and other tories gave gordon brown no end of shit for not calling a new election when he became pm . 
  wtf ? 
  the usa arming bin laden to fight the soviets in afghanistan is well established . 
  as is the fact that a lot of weapons sent to the syrian rebels ended up in isis 's hands . 
  because nato , i would imagine . 
  war is peace , remember . 
  countries do n't have `` friends '' . 
  only interests . 
  inheritance is one of those issues where i 'm constantly on the fence . 
  one the one hand , my belief in meritocracy means that i 'm not a fan . 
  on the other hand , it does n't seem fair that you ca n't pass on your life 's earnings to your children . 
  they do n't even use encryption most of the time . 
  the paris attacks were organised via burner phones . 
  from what i gather , in the rest of europe he 's not disliked per se , but he 's generally seen as very weak and ineffectual . 
  big upvote , just that i would n't recommend tails as an os ( pretty slow and shit ) . 
  also silence is a good sms app and scryptmail seems like an even better alternative to tutanota and protonmail .
