  expecting politeness from parisian waiters is not audacity , but hopeless optimism and naivety . 
  i mean , the english were a minority in wellington 's army edit : fuck that means we were beaten by the dutch and belgians, 
  there are alternative entrances no-one knows about , such as entering from the m\u00e9tro station , or even better , from the porte des lions . 
  as far as my limited knowledge goes , 2008 was a systemic failure rather than just a fuck up . 
  not at all actually , just a random paranoid person !, 
  check out https://www.privacytools.io/ and / r/privacytoolsio ( and / r/privacy ) , there 's tons of good stuff !, 
  one thing to keep in mind is to not go overboard . 
  tails , for example , is pretty much shit for everything except privacy , and you really only need it if you 're running away from the nsa or something . 
  you need to check out your threat model - why you want privacy . 
  if you 're like me and most privacy-minded people , you do n't need most of the stuff . 
  never hurts to learn about it , though !, 
  this is also true , and a big flaw in any policy wanting to tackle tracking . 
  what i was pointing out as good was the fact that the edps realised that eu policy on cookies was flawed and was looking to make it better ( to my mind , at least ; i 'd be more than happy to change my view on it for alternative plans ) . 
  yes , but realistically , tracking wo n't be outlawed outright , because for better or worse the internet economy is based on it for advertising and other services . 
  what is possible , though , is limiting the effects as much as feasibly possible , and leaving the rest to users who are willing to take the next steps in privacy protection ( dropping facebook , using jondofox or tor , duckduckgo , startpage , stuff like protonmail or tutanota or whatever , etc. 
  that 's only a valid reason for the session cookie though . 
  if you 're ok with entering your email and password at every login , it still blocks access . 
  i 'm no apologist since i think they are responsible for a lot of disastrous fuck-ups ( not reforming the intelligence services after sarkozy wrecked them , for instance ) . 
  however , in this case , it 's a * judicial * fuck-up instead of a government one . 
  here 's what happened with adel kermiche . 
  back in 2015 , he was on trial for association with terrorism . 
  he told the judge that he wanted to reform his ways , that he had tried to commit suicide in prison , that he really , really wanted to change . 
  his fucking family said they 'd rather see him in prison but alive , rather than free and on the way to syria . 
  the judge decided to `` give him a second chance '' . 
  the public prosecution - so basically the government - immediately appealed the decision . 
  they stated that the reasons were not convincing , the control measures taken by the court were illusory at best , and that there was a very severe risk of renewing such acts . 
  the appeal was refused and thus adel kermiche was set free . 
  the problem is , if you block cookies , some websites such as facebook will flat out refuse access . 
  from what i gather , edps is asking for that practice to be stopped . 
  edit : to clarify . 
  i understand that facebook needs cookies to work in the first place , but when you consent for cookies on facebook , you do n't just consent to the necessary session cookie , but also to all third party cookies , which is kind of the problem . 
  of course , you can block them with your browser but most people have no idea about that . 
  but no , you islamo-leftist , that 's not the problem !, 
  intelligence services reform is n't what 's needed !, 
  the problem is the rule of law and the constitution . 
  what we need is our own guantanomo , because it 's worked so well !, 
  snowden made a good point in a recent vice interview that because agencies are harvesting such massive quantities of data on everybody and not targeting it , it actually makes counter-terrorism more difficult since you 're drowned in information . 
  thus all the `` he was known to intelligence services '' , well duh , who is n't these days . 
  the fact that people still take ratings agencies seriously after they fucked up in every possible way in 2008 is baffling to me . 
  well , you wo n't be getting it . 
  i do n't think any country will . 
  every single government knows that if its left to a vote , ttip will be massively rejected , so they wo n't risk it . 
   for instance , buttarelli believes there should n't be any `` cookie walls . '' that means sites should n't offer a `` take it or leave it '' approach to tracking their visitors with cookies . 
  most websites have adopted the approach in the past because the eu has n't done a good job at enforcing its `` cookie law . ''  that led many people to believe that the law was pointless because they could n't access the sites without accepting the cookies . 
  therefore , at best , the cookie acceptance prompt became a nuisance for websites served on eu territory , despite the good intentions behind it . 
   however , the edps believes that future privacy laws should allow only first-party analytics without consent , while all third-party tracking tools will require specific and genuine consent from the user before the site enables it . 
  this is good !, 
  this is good . 
  i was under the impression they acknowledged the name and used it sometimes though it was n't their name of choice . 
  another user in the thread stated that they had made a sort of pun with the arab word daes in another video . 
  for what it 's worth , i never really believed the `` they 'll cut off the tongue of anybody who says daesh '' . 
  oh i do n't disagree with the quality of the show , but i would n't put it with the likes of the wire . 
  you might want to check out twin peaks though !, 
  thus , the use of the word `` possibly '' , which indicates that it might be a possibility . 
  unless you 're confident that there was a 0 % chance that they were n't trained or did n't go to syria . 
  them 's fightin ' words !, 
  ( side note : i like firefly but i do n't get the cult levels of admiration ) . 
   you see , this explains the interesting phenomenon , that here in europe , not only the left but also we trads are not really that happy with all aspects of capitalism . 
  a good example in france is alain de benoist . 
  this is something i 've noticed with a lot of the `` neo-reactionaries '' all about - they 're firmly on the right on issues of identity and culture , but also have a sort of anti-capitalist , or at least anti-unbridled free market , consumerism and commercialism . 
  however , this criticism is n't so much , from what i see , directed at the social consequences of capitalism but it 's an aesthetic critique . 
  the idea that when you see through it , consumerist capitalist society is empty , vapid and plain ugly . 
  there 's a karl marx quote in the communist manifesto , something about the bourgeoisie converting every beautiful thing in a commodity , and drowning the old , chivalric values in the `` icy waters of economic calculation '' . 
  my issue with this is that while i agree that the forces of consumerist capitalism have given a world that is , in many ways , aesthetically more ugly , many of these critiques are uneasy with the idea of being anti-capitalist and what it entails . 
  they hate the consequences but ca n't really get themselves to hate the causes . 
  and they address it , to circumvent this , in terms of morality and individuals screwing up - which is a major flaw in my opinion . 
  there was a lot of this rhetoric back in 2008 : `` capitalism is good but we need to moralise it '' . 
  it kind of negates the systemic aspect of capitalism and the way it affects culture , aesthetics , individuals , etc. 
  in any case , i find the subject pretty interesting and studied a bit of alain de benoist back in the day . 
  even though i 'm pretty much on the opposite point of the political spectrum . 
  there has been a massive `` dumbing down '' in cinema . 
  i mean , kurosawa was kind of considered the equivalent of the `` blockbuster '' director in his day , and the nouvelle vague despised him because they considered him a sellout to western commercialism . 
  today he 's almost considered like something only cinephile snobs would watch . 
  a similar thing can be said of david lynch 's cinema . 
  bergman 's films also had a pretty large popular audience . 
  there a lot of examples of this . 
  when * a bout de souffle * was released , it attracted an audience of 3 million people , which was absolutely massive . 
  a film like it would n't attract , proportionately speaking , such an audience today . 
  today , we 're at the point where brain-dead movies like * the dark knight rises * are considered `` intelligent blockbusters '' ( it 's a fun movie , but come on ) . 
  actually christopher nolan is a master at this , making highly polished blockbusters that everybody raves about saying that they 're `` intelligent blockbusters '' ( the amazing quality of his film-making and mastery of emotion-crafting notwithstanding ) . 
  i wo n't even get into tv . 
  i disagree with game of thrones , and would replace with mr robot . 
  you 're absolutely right , i derped a bit on that translation . 
  edited it . 
  yes , the way they handled the double hostage situation back in january 2015 was pretty impressive . 
  from my limited knowledge , it 's the intelligence services that have been lacking , especially in coordination . 
  do n't they call themselves the califate ? 
  or the other option is that they 've had no training , ideological or operational , by isis . 
  daesh is more used than isis in france . 
  yeah , but certain acts of terrorism can have no casualties or very little casualties ( either by design or because they fail ) and still scare people . 
  like , if a bomb explodes too early on a train and there was no-one in it , that 'll have an effect even without loss of life . 
  we use `` daesh '' a lot in general . 
  the government decided to use it instead of `` islamic state '' , the media followed and it pretty much replaced islamic state . 
  you still hear is from time to time though . 
  which possibly points to them not having been `` trained '' or been in syria . 
  well , that 's what they believe , anyway . 
  that 's partly true . 
  terrorism does n't rely on loss of life as much as the spectacular and the fear it creates . 
  it 's the ultimate `` shock and awe '' . 
  of course , if people are killed , so much the better .
