  good , this process started last year and should continue , and should be coupled with looking into foreign funding of mosques . 
  however , mosques are not the only places of radicalisation . 
  one might even argue that they 're no longer the most important place for it , the internet is . 
  and you ca n't shut that down . 
  but `` imam google '' is a big problem . 
  um , i 'm not sure what your point is ? 
  i 'm not being a luddite or saying that the internet and all digital companies are evil , i just generally have concerns for privacy . 
  well , sure . 
  but most people will continue using google or stay on windows 10 or stuff like that . 
  and even then , you can use firefox and have ublock origin and https everywhere and noscript and umatrix and privacy badger and all of those , it wo n't stop your data being stocked in the usa , and open for any kind of use . 
  well , i 'd like that to be enforced in the first place , at the very least . 
  because that was already stated under safe harbour but there was no real opt-out to it . 
  i do n't . 
  i 'm generally in favour of incrementalism and compromise but this is just a joke . 
  privacy shield is better than safe harbour the same way being kicked in the balls once is better than being kicked three times . 
  from your own article : * self-certification of compliance to privacy guidelines - because self-certification works so well . 
  * privacy shield will be `` enforced '' by the us government , which i 'm sure will not fail to condemn american companies should there be any abuse of europeans ' privacy . 
  * `` to that end , organisations included on the privacy shield list will be subject to `` regular and rigorous monitoring '' by the doc '' * , sorry if i call bullshit on that one . 
  * no change on user consent from safe harbour * no change on * `` security , data integrity and purpose limitation , and access '' * , when that 's arguably the whole point . 
  you get the gist . 
  yes , with safe harbour there was literally no protection whatsoever . 
  now , there is cigarette-paper-thin `` protection '' . 
  yay !, 
  now if we 're wondering about the way us companies are using our personal data , we can ask the us government !, 
  who totally wo n't say `` it 's all good guys , trust us '' . 
  what a bunch of fucking morons we have . 
  and to think some people trust the eu commission with getting a good deal for things like ttip . 
  um , sorry , but french did obliterate the breton , occitan and other languages . 
  few people in brittany actually speak breton apart from a few well-known words . 
  only corsican has survived somewhat ( insularity helps ) . 
  occitan , once the second big language group of the country , is non-existent . 
  you also falsely equate people 's preference for their own candidates to language , but that 's ignoring most of the issue . 
  people will vote for their own country 's candidate simply because he is from their own country and no-one wants to be ruled by foreigners . 
  i do n't know what happens everyday in slovenia , not because i ca n't understand slovenian , but because i honestly do n't care that much . 
  a language is n't just a mode of communication . 
  it 's a reflection of culture and of the history and mentality of people . 
  to take just one example , germany , for example , has produced amazing philosophers , in no small part thanks to the german language 's ability to create completely new concept-words . 
  destroying languages - because if your answer is to reduce french and german and others to the status of breton and occitan , it 's pretty much destroying - means the erasure of the whole culture . 
  the idea that `` it 's from the future therefore it 's better '' is pretty big logical fallacy . 
  yes , but even in its initial perceived ugliness , the eiffel tower still kind fits somewhat harmoniously with its surroundings . 
  the montparnasse tower though ... 
  but that 's assuming the endgoal of the european project is a homogeneous european nation-state . 
  a unified europe does n't mean homogeneity . 
  i can definitely get behind this . 
  it makes no sense to have 2 parliament buildings , and all the others are already in brussels . 
  ecb in frankfurt is logical since it 's the eu top financial centre . 
  ca n't let that awesome building go to waste , though . 
  edit : even if we ca n't fit in a eu institution , a franco-german thing at the very least would be good . 
  like that old idea of a franco-german parliament or something . 
  i 'd love to know how having french as one of the official languages of the european union would destroy the union . 
  brb , going thieving in sweden . 
  paris plage is the worst public project inflicted on the city ever since the montparnasse tower was built . 
   mizulina has called the policy `` absurd '' and `` anti-family , '' maintaining it is unfair for a family member to receive two years in prison `` for a slap . '', 
  she has previously expressed concern that a family could face criminal proceedings if their child is found with cuts or bruises . 
  the fuck . 
  erm , that 's why hdi , gini and the like were invented . 
   well they wouldnt mind if we build a big cathedral in aleppo would they ? 
  [ you would n't need to , though . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_churches_in_aleppo ), 
   what do you think would stop that happening ? 
  kids used to be bullied for being gay , but now in we that does n't happen much oh , my sweet summer child ... 
  at least they 'd pay their fair share for nato !, 
  actually , it was a poor attempt at integration between services back in 2008 under sarkozy ( merger of the * direction de la s\u00fbret\u00e9 du territoire * and the * renseignements g\u00e9n\u00e9raux * ) that 's been so problematic . 
  partly because of poor implementation , partly because it was done for budgetary reasons more than anything else . 
  classic case of penny wise pound foolish , in hindsight . 
  i 'm not trying to make americans look dumb , it 's just weird that some of you guys honestly think you do stuff for altruistic reasons . 
  if nato ( and the marshall plan ) existed , it was n't out of kindness , it 's because it also served american interests ( namely , for a long time , avoiding western europe falling to communism , which would 've weakened the usa politically and economically ) . 
  also , europe , as always , is n't a unified entity . 
  the us protection is important to eastern europe and germany . 
  for the uk and france , our defense is definitely not provided by the usa . 
  wellington did say `` the irish need only one thing to be the best soldiers : white officers '', 
  oh , that 's pretty much debatable . 
  i really could n't answer that question . 
  i was talking in case of a direct attack on either country by russia . 
  does n't matter , [ still conquered belgium ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_fleurus_ ( 1794 ), 
   seriously , what is it and americans believing that their country is altruistic ? 
  honestly no idea . 
  some of them seem to really think america is the altruistic nation doing everybody 's job for them and bringing freedom to the world , while the evil europeans are only out for their own self-interest . 
  uk and france . 
  nuclear deterrent , remember . 
  2 % is more of a guideline and a target than a requirement . 
  that or teams playing in blue in semi-finals are really not your thing . 
  yeah , but somehow i knew we were going to lose . 
  also , i 'm not even that disappointed . 
  the euro was a success for me : england were shit and we beat germany . 
  ( the best part was some germans complaining that they had lost despite playing the better football and complaining about refereeing . 
  revenge for 1982 is soooooo sweet ) . 
  `` it 's coming home , lads '', 
  that 's putting it mildly . 
  french people hate parisians . 
  with a burning passion . 
  they hate them more than americans hate balanced diets . 
  fuck , even parisians hate parisians . 
  the main argument is pretty bs , i 'm afraid . 
  quite a few european countries were more than happy to join the us in the iraq war ( in fact , nearly all european countries apart from france , germany , belgium , austria , sweden sent troops to iraq at one point or another ) . 
  afghanistan was a nato operation , with mostly all european countries participating willingly . 
  libya was a franco-british fuck up more than a us one . 
  for the current coalition 's airstrikes against isis , again , many european countries are there ( not to mention special forces from european countries also working on the ground ) . 
  so we 're not paying for america 's sins . 
  way too easy to point out america as the bad guy when europe has been in the shit with them .
