  though for the princess europa the name means `` she who has large eyes '' . 
  the eastern roman empire lasted for over 1000 years , while remaining , for most of that time , the largest and richest force in europe . 
  they held against the huns , the goths , the vandals , the slavs , the avars , the sassanid persians , the arabs , both ummayyad and abassid , the normans , the bulgars , the venetians , the seljuq turks . 
  even the palaiologian restoration managed to hold on for 200-odd years before ending . 
  not really ones for collapsing fast . 
  by contrast , europe 's absolute domination of the world lasted less than 300 years , and the usa has been around for not even 250 years , and a superpower for 60 years , give or take . 
  down with fully manual impoverished hetero earth capitalism !, 
  excuse you , but retaking constantinople is certainly * not * a crazy idea . 
  post-independence tunisia under bourguiba was a pretty modern and forward-looking country ( so was algeria under ben bella and boumediene ) . 
  it often is , last election some private polls done for the socialist party ( of which i was a member back then ) showed m\u00e9lenchon was consistently overrated compared to le pen . 
  mainstream polls showed le pen at 16-17 % and m\u00e9lenchon at 15 % , they ended at 18 and 11 . 
  obligations decided by the treaties every country signed , and by eu law , which , by signing said treaties , countries pledged to follow . 
  she 's underestimated in the polls . 
  private polling i 'm aware of puts her well over 27 % , possibly over 30 . 
  but there can be . 
  that entire video is just based on comparing democracy vs monarchy to leasing vs homeowning . 
  in reality , monarchies were fairly inefficient compared to today 's governments and administrations , with often byzantine organisation and complex levels of legal and customary norms . 
  the existence of privilege also attests to this . 
  the french revolution literally happened because the monarchy was found to be totally incapable of solving its debt crisis , and of reforming itself . 
  on the other hand , the revolution birthed an incredibly efficient administration ( for its age ) . 
  'cause debt and mismanagement never happened in the ancien r\u00e9gime . 
  as a matter of fact , the revolution was a gigantic step forward towards administrative reform , better government and public management . 
  honestly i would n't put it past this country of dumbasses to vote for a frexit . 
  61 % macron , yeah . 
  i 'd vote for him , except for the little problem that he represents everything i despise in politics . 
  the point is , it 's not so wildly out of the mainstream . 
  until 2007 we were n't part of nato 's integrated military command , and still do n't rely on nato for national defense . 
  m\u00e9lenchon hates the german spd and martin schulz , too . 
   monde diplomatique, 
  erm , we did intervene in mali and so far it 's been pretty much a success . 
  aqmi , mujao and the lot would have taken the capital without operation serval , and they were thrown out . 
  without it , mali would have been a terrorist state , just one step away from europe , with terrible consequences for west africa . 
  i 'll add that the mali intervention was also because we have a defense treaty with the malian government , and was backed by the un . 
  it was also greeted with relief by malians , and is still very popular there . 
  it 's pretty much the polar opposite of the 2003 iraq war and the 2011 libyan intervention , which were both colossal mistakes . 
  regime change and exporting `` democracy '' by military means is almost always a stupid policy that never works . 
  neither serval nor barkhane are like that . 
  edit : also , isis ' origins lay in the iraq war of 2003 not in the funding of syrian rebels . 
  we have revolutions , we have the best revolutions . 
  everyone says we have the best revolutions , absolutely tremendous . 
  this reign of terror thing is just fake news . 
  there is no war in eastern ukraine . 
  here we are safe . 
  here we are free . 
  yeah , that 's basically it . 
  according to the economist , we should fall in total economic and social collapse ~ ~ 15 years ago ~ ~ ~ ~ 10 years ago ~ ~ ~ ~ 5 years ago ~ ~ any day now !, 
  everybody ends up hating their daddy , do n't they ? 
  no , that was an idiotic intervention , which is why i was against it at the time and still am . 
  mali and barkhane are different though . 
  wait , what ? 
  the one way that smaller countries get a big say is because of the rule of unanimity ... a rule that you want ... because otherwise the eu would be to deep a political project ... which you do n't want ... because small countries have too big of a say ... because of the rule of unanimity ... 
  `` meddling '' yeah , not like letting a terrorist hotbed in mali and the sahel region form was actually important for european security ... 
  it 's the economist , mate . 
  they have an absolute , passionate hatred for us . 
   he is responsible before the parliament , like any prime minister in every respectable westminster-style democracy . 
  i see a difference though in that in most national parliamentary elections , the leader of the leading party is called by the head of state to become the new prime minister , and the public got to know him long before . 
  well , we did know about juncker beforehand . 
  it was clearly stated an epp majority would bring juncker while a socialist majority would bring the schulz . 
  there were debates and all between them ( as well as others like verhofstadt , tsipras , etc. ) . 
  and as in any parliamentary system , the head of state does call the president of the commission . 
  i do n't see what the difference is . 
   let 's just let rephrase this as `` a working balance between supranational institutions and intergovernmental institutions ? '', 
  it works , but clearly not well enough ... 
   guy sounds like a rabbid revolutionary of the terror years of the french revolution , who wants to transform churches into `` houses of reason '' and guillotine priests . 
  ah , the good old times ... 
  the eu always was a political project . 
  everybody understood it as a political peoject . 
  `` ever closer union '' is right there in every treaty . 
  the very first treaty , ecsc , was about france and germany trading coal and steel so they would n't go to war anymore . 
  ca n't really get more political than that . 
  the problem is , your politicians flat out lied to you in the 1970s , by saying it was just a free trade zone . 
  it was n't just that and it was never supposed to be just that . 
  ( incidentally this is why i believe brexit was the most desirable outcome for both sides ) . 
  oh and the other stanzas are even more brutal . 
  * sacred love of the fatherland * * drive and support our vengeful arms * * freedom , beloved freedom * * fight with your defenders !, 
  * * under our flags may victory * * come to your male accents * * may our dying enemies * * see your triumph and our glory . 
  * and later on : * everything is a soldier to fight you * * if they fall , our young heroes * * the earth will produce new ones * * against you , all ready to fight !, 
  * then there 's the children 's stanza , which is basically about how gladly us kids will go to die once our fathers die as well . 
  um ... you do realise your own country has been the most vocal in opposing any form of reform that would have made eu decision-making process faster ? 
  for example dropping unanimity on more issues , moving towards simple and not qualified majority ? 
  jesus christ , this sub is generally pretty chill but anytime fertility is mentioned and it goes full `` breed for the fatherland !, 
  not having children is treason ! '', 
  mode . 
  some people just do n't want kids . 
  the reason why the eu is complex is n't by deliberate design by a cabal of evil bureaucrats , as british europhobes seem to believe , but because as it stands it 's an uneasy compromise between supranational institutions and intergovernmental institutions . 
  why is the ep so weak ? 
  because member states do n't want it to be stronger ( the uk least of all ) . 
  why does everything have to be approved by the council of ministers ? 
  because member states want the final say . 
  why is the collective head of state made of heads of national states and governments ? 
  member states . 
  despite this the eu has managed to become relatively democratic since the lisbon treaty . 
  juncker is the first president of the commission that was , sort of indirectly , elected . 
  though the uk once again showed how much they wanted democracy in the eu when they opposed his election because reasons . 
  they have to tour gaul and get local specialities from everywhere to do a great big banquet . 
  it 's definitely that . 
  ast\u00e9rix in corsica and ast\u00e9rix and the banquet are the funniest and cleverest of them all , but there are so many in-jokes a non-french person probably would n't get . 
  basically because when the second republic popped up in 1848 , they wanted it to be a great moment of national reconciliation and togetherness , so they dropped `` death '' from the motto and abolished the death penalty for `` political crimes '' . 
  greek is such a pretty language . 
  i remember when i first read about byzantine history , the thing i liked the most were the names ( of countries , of people , of military units ... ) .
