  though , i will add , if trump moves towards going back on the iran deal or the paris climate treaty , i do hope we and most other european countries would oppose that . 
  ah , the weekly troll who just wants to whine about how europeans are condescending and snobby to poor , honest americans . 
  carry on , lads . 
  could lionel messi ever be a successful rugby player ? 
  could peter crouch ? 
  could riquelme be one ? 
   while the footballists had to call the ambulance once , because some guy ran straight at the goal post . 
  til gignac played football in a school in germany . 
  aside for the other very good points , there 's also the ( fallacious , imo ) thinking that `` he wo n't be corrupt like the others because he 's already filthy rich '' . 
  easier to play and much simpler rules . 
  you just need a rolled up sock , a can and you can play football absolutely anywhere . 
  see the old clich\u00e9 `` jumpers for goalposts '' . 
  also in general football is way more accessible . 
  you can be a fat bastard , a complete athlete , a tiny midget , an awkwardly tall person , you can be slow or unbelievably fast , you can be a raging madman or a pretty chill no-contact guy ... there 's a place for absolutely every type . 
  which is really not the case in rugby . 
  basically why football is the most universal of all sports . 
  huh ? 
  a lot of our humour is about ourselves . 
  the elder scrolls iii : morrowind . 
  it 's been 14 years and i still have n't `` done '' everything . 
  the world is so unique , and there 's so much freedom to do what you want a build your own story . 
  civilization iv . 
  in my opinion the best of all the civilization games by a mile , an epic retelling of human history at the grand scale and endless possibilities . 
  probably do n't care , every country has beautiful and interesting people . 
  though i might say iceland because the idea of being whipped by a girl with an awesome norse name like brynhildur sigurdsdottir is kinda appealing to me ( i 'm * not * not ashamed of this ) . 
  in france we 've taken in such a low number of refugees that the impact has been minuscule . 
  what we did have is the calais jungle situation ... but that 's not related to the refugee crisis . 
  well , according to ea , we were n't in it , so we ca n't say . 
  okay , more seriously , generally as a stupid and pointless loss of life . 
  not much bragging . 
  puritanism . 
  bear in mind , we do n't count up our grades , we do a countdown from 6th to `` terminal '' . 
  6th grade : the great civilizations : mesopotamia , egypt , greece , a tiny bit of china , persia and india , then a whole lot of rome until the rise of christianity . 
  5th grade : the low middle ages , clovis ' reign and the collapse of the merovingians , big focus on the byzantine empire and on the carolingian renaissance . 
  big chunk also to the rise of islam , the ummayyad and abassid conquests . 
  then , the high middle ages , the capetian dynasty , the crusades , the age of cathedrals , and finally the hundred years war . 
  it basically ends with the renaissance , fran\u00e7ois ier , the loire castles , and that history date every french person knows ( 1515 , battle of marignan ) . 
  4th grade : starts with the protestant reformation , the wars of religion , then * very * concentrated on the * grand si\u00e8cle * , or `` great century '' , which is basically the age of louis xiv the sun king , versailles , the court system , his perennial confrontation with the habsburg . 
  kinda sorta jumped over the thirty years war . 
  then england 's glorious revolution , the age of enlightenment , the american revolution and finally the french revolution ( and my teacher had amazing gory details on how they used to compress priests until they burst inside !, 
  fun times ) . 
  3rd grade : the industrial revolution , colonisation , world war i , the interwar period , world war ii , the cold war . 
  big chapter also to the european union ( i mostly remember being hopeless at remembering the dates of entry of each country ... ) . 
  2nd grade : basic theme is europeans ' relations with the world : citizenship in athens , societies and cultures of medieval europe ( and their interaction with the orthodox and islamic worlds ) , the age of discoveries , the english , american and french revolutions again . 
  1st grade : the industrial revolution again , the long story of the 19th century , the rise of capitalism and socialism , the world wars . 
  neat thing is we do n't really study too much of battles and the like , but it 's mostly structured along the perspectives of the home front , the total war , and in the case of wwii , the holocaust . 
  we also have a big chapter about resistance and collaboration in france ( basically goes like there were few real resistants , and few real collaborators , and most people were just really trying to survive ) . 
  terminal year : international relations since 1945 - basically the history of the 20th century . 
  also had a small chapter at the end , obviously its grown since i was there , about the new conflitcs born out of the end of the cold war . 
  also has french history since 1945 ( fourth and fifth republics ) . 
  we also had a chapter on colonisation and decolonisation . 
  my baccalaureate exam in history was an essay on `` the cold war , 1945 - 1991 '' . 
  `` yesterday '' and `` tomorrow '' are the same word in hindi . 
  her too but i did n't want to fanboy too much on blue is the warmest colour !, 
  i have a thing for ad\u00e8le exarchopoulos . 
  also , does diane kruger count ? 
  welsh is so pretty and fantasy-sounding . 
  also have a thing for icelandic . 
  there used to be a parisian accent called `` titi '' - basically edith piaf 's accent . 
  very , very nasal , whiny even . 
  some working class folk still have it but it 's pretty much gone . 
  [ here 's an example from a 1938 film . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dki0ep-rma ) for a male version , [ a song from renaud . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngc3aaoubti ), 
  50 shades of grey : 18 + rating everywhere . 
  12 + rating in france , with half of the csa arguing for no age restriction at all , because it 's just * une histoire \u00e0 l'eau de rose * . 
  in terms of `` interracial '' , yes , i was with a black woman for some time ( give or take , 9 months , which makes it one of the longest relationships i 've been in ) . 
  good memories from it . 
  international : * sigh * there was this british girl that i met when she came as an exchange student in my university . 
  and then i went to london for my erasmus year . 
  all in all , 3 years together where everything was just perfect , i really , honestly thought she was the woman of my life . 
  and then she brexited , and not a `` soft '' brexit either :(, 
  true . 
  like the american separation of church and state is almost diametrically opposed to our conception of separation of church and state . 
  nice , progressive country , seems to have sorted out most of its violence , great football team , pepe mujica , what 's not to love ? 
  australia 's pretty expensive too , is n't it ? 
  probably secularism . 
  * insert brexit joke here * probably new zealand . 
  like australia but less hot and less full of animals . 
  maybe canada but it 's way too cold . 
  in some cases yes gender roles are still very prevalent but not in others . 
  for example women are not expected at all , relatively to other european countries , to have to chose between career and children . 
  i hate cheese . 
  i 'm okay with people being vegetarians or even vegans . 
   banksy produces overrated , overly simplistic , tacky art using obvious/easy political allegories aimed at the lowest common denominator and people with horrendous taste eh , i get that with a lot of his stuff but sometimes it 's pretty creative . 
  what 's really funny abut banksy is how the `` establishment '' , the corporate world he apparently loathes has just adopted him and made him so `` hip '' . 
  it 's just sex . 
  everybody , or nearly everybody , will experience it . 
  no need to overly censor it , be too ashamed of it or act as if it did n't exist ... 
   the current housing crisis is often attributed to airbnb . 
  airbnb is also ruining paris . 
  that shit is the fucking worst . 
  thanks for the rest of the advice though , iceland is the place i want to visit the most . 
  de gaulle , coty was president during the fourth republic which had a different constitution . 
  also when he enforced it , it was n't to act against algerian independence fighters but to counter anti-independence french people : in 1961 there was an attempted coup from generals in algeria against de gaulle 's plans for algerian independence . 
  a lot . 
  the president can , per constitutional rights : - choose the prime minister - choose ambassadors - choose the highest ranking civil servants et military - dissolve the national assembly - name one member in the constitutional council - propose referendums - has the final signing on laws and important decrees and ordnances - can decide , if the situation requires it , `` emergency powers '' ( the infamous article 16 of the constitution ) , which means he has full powers . 
  only happened once , during the algerian war . 
  - he can also decide , should the situation require it , to declare a state of siege , which means that all civil authority goes in the hands of the military , basically martial law ( though after 12 days it needs to be authorised by parliament ) . 
  - he also has a power of initiative to modify the constitution .
