  did you even read his program ? 
  now if you consider lepen as an alternative to fillon because of your wrong reading how his program , wait to see what lepen has in stock . 
  you are in for a ride . 
  forbidding full adoptions is going to be a massive regression . 
  le pen wo n't apply even 5 % of her program . 
   noooooo he is n't . 
  seriously guys i get that you hate his liberalism and many atheists the fact that he is christian , but stop buying everything that allow you to hate him further without sole critical thinking . 
    he oppose `` full adoption '' aka destroying the trail of biological origin of the adopted child aka not allowing the child when he become adult to know the identity of his biological parents . 
  the difference between plenary and simple adoption is n't `` destroying the trail of biological origin '' ... it 's more about recognising the adopters as full-fledged parents in one case and not in the other . 
  the spin job is now to hide fillon 's obvious links to radical christian groups , but come on . 
  we are talking about a guy who voted against depenalisation of homosexuality , after all . 
   and that 's perfectly fine with laicity . 
  let 's not pretend religion or more widely philosophy ( because in philosophy you also often meet axioms that other people do n't adher to ) do n't influence our way to see the world . 
  it could be a problem if his argumentation was build on theological arguments ( `` in the bible/church doctrine there is this , so the state should do that '' ) , but laicity is about not mixing the state and religion , not convictions and religion . 
  yes i 'm sure it 's perfectly fine with la\u00efcit\u00e9 . 
  i 'm also sure all of the fillon apologists would be fine if a politician ever said `` as a muslim , i think that ... '' . 
  it 's not like the berniebros situation - i 'd definitely vote for a centrist over le pen . 
  fillon is n't a centrist however , and i have more in common with le pen than him . 
  it seems like it 'll be fillon vs le pen so the choice for me is to not vote or to stop fillon from wrecking our social model . 
  also i do n't believe any left wing or centre-left candidate has a chance of being in the 2nd run . 
  there are three of them splitting around 35 % of the vote . 
  the thinking is that le pen wo n't actually be able to do too much about her social platform and it 's all just posturing . 
  the fn also has a ton of gays in high ranks . 
  also , it 's not throwing away values . 
  fillon is much , much more opposed to any kind of progressive values than le pen is . 
  tighter immigration controls i can live with , abolishing the idea of a legal work week , gutting social security hard , ending even more employee rights and pandering to christian extremists , yeah no . 
  historically we 've never had really hostile relations with russia . 
  we do n't view them as the absolute danger either . 
  stopping homosexual adoption is in his platform . 
  the guy says stuff like `` as a christian , i think ... '' . 
  barf . 
  not to mention his radical ideas on employment laws , social security or public spending . 
  lots of left-wing people i know are considering voting le pen . 
  i might , too . 
   france is a dinosaur when it comes to employment laws . 
  yeah , sorry for believing in that archaic thing called `` working people have rights '' . 
  as a lover of conspiracy theories ... i can not thank you enough . 
  said it before but fillon is a very poor politician who really happened to be at the right place at the right time . 
  all his numbers have just melted once people have seen his socially regressive proposals , despite his pathetic attempts at u-turning his way out of them . 
  heh , the siege of vienna in 1683 , in which the polish cavalry ( among others ) saved the day against the turks was one of the inspirations behind the battle of the pelennor fields in lotr . 
  never said democracy was a failure . 
  but that all recent attempts to `` export '' it , by way of arms , have been unmitigated disasters . 
  yes , basically . 
  i 'll also add that trying to export democracy by ways of arms is even worse . 
  because that 's kind of the point of the european union ? 
   eu members are germanys bitch hard to take you seriously , but ok , sure . 
  `` teh eu is teh 4th reish amirite '', 
  pretty sure being governed by islamic extremists ( `` rebels '' ) is n't much better . 
  democracy is n't an export product , that 's the main lesson from the early 21st century . 
  there was a ton of politicking notably by miliband to ensure that cameron would be defeated , it did come as a big surprise and really stopped all the west 's movements to intervene militarily against assad . 
  well yeah , who 'll do the divide-and-rule now ? 
  poland , maybe . 
  de gaulle stated in his memoirs that churchill had told him that between europe and america , the british would always choose america . 
  brexit - and uk foreign policy in general - should n't have been a surprise . 
  the only surprising thing was that commons vote on syria , and that was more due to ed miliband actually using his brain for once . 
  needs more rafale . 
  in this moment i am euphoric , not because i 'm a phony ` murican but because i am european . 
  we could beat germany 7-1 in the next 5 wc finals and the pain still would n't go . 
  just do n't tell poland . 
  our lowest football point was july 8th , 1982 , sevilla : a day that will live in infamy . 
  people chose the caps as a symbol themselves . 
  they were n't `` forced '' . 
  changing calendars because they wanted to change society and base the measurement of time on rationality and not tradition - the birth of the metric system is also due to the french revolution and this exact reason . 
  france was also the first country where they received equal citizenship , treatment and protection . 
  we have the largest jewish community in the world behind israel and the usa for a reason ... 
  ... watch all 5 seasons of the wire , add in a 6th about immigration and you might begin to have an answer . 
  cities like marseille have pretty deep and complex issues . 
  nice read , thanks for this . 
  in the `` crazy emperors '' section , i 'd give an honourable mention to elagabalus , who was emperor ce 218 - 222 , and was known for his sexual antics and depravation and was probably transgender - of course , transgender does n't mean crazy , but elagabalus was pretty extreme . 
  he enjoyed dressing up as a woman , shaving his legs , wearing makeup and wigs , etc. 
  married 5 times ( including to a sacred vestal virgin , which was supposed to be a huge sacrilege ) , but most importantly married his chariot driver , a slave named hierocles . 
  he also married an athlete . 
  apparently he also enjoyed prostituting himself in taverns and brothels , dressed as a woman . 
  aaaaand some sources ( not very reliable ones , mind ) , go as far as saying he tried to have an excision done above his penis , to simulate a vagina . 
  that 's assuming the s-500 works , that it 's not a propaganda stunt , and assuming our own missile tech wo n't change ... 
  [ here 's an article about it . 
  ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/uk-trident-nuclear-program/ ), 
  most strategists believe in the `` one flies , they all fly '' principle - that there 's no such thing as a tactical or limited nuclear exchange . 
   to be fair , i 'm not sure if europe ( and the world ) really need more nuclear proliferation . 
      france has nukes already , and so does the uk so if russia were to attack we 'd be covered . 
  the uk does n't control its nuclear weapons , america does . 
  our own nuclear deterrent , as shown in the article , is for our national defense only , it does n't have the capacity to defend other countries . 
   even if they were to cooperate , would the nuclear arsenal held by european nuclear powers even be sufficient to guarantee a nuclear deterrent ? 
  um ... that 's not how deterrence works ... 
  their art is so interesting and unique , too . 
  intelligence is n't an easily and objectively quantifiable metric . 
  who gets to choose who has the right to have children , which is one of the most powerful human drives ever ? 
  and once we 're there , why not also only allow strong people to reproduce , or only beautiful people ? 
  it 's just a logical step . 
  eugenics has massively unfortunate implications for poor people , and minorities as well . 
  it 's a horrifying idea to me ( and i 'm in favour of birth control in general , and do n't want kids ) . 
  once for each change of side , i guess . 
  [ you mean like that time when 9 french soldiers beat an entire italian division ? 
  problem is , our neets are n't on reddit , but on jeuxvideo.com . 
  where they would , indeed , wipe the board against germany with barrage of risitas memes . 
  when i first saw the film , i thought it was pretty funny . 
  then i met all the `` dae poor and uneducated people should n't have kids and must be sterilised by force , only smart people like me should reproduce , and i 'm totally not a nazi for suggesting this ? '', 
  yes , it does . 
  you can get pretty easily from the north end to the south end in something like 20 minutes via the metro or the rer . 
  it would take you at least an hour by car .
