  i 'm sure you 've had american food , are you dead ? 
  because for the eu ( and certainly in the french case ) , convergence with american food standards would mean lowering ours , which is not going to happen . 
  not to mention the precautionary principle ( in the usa , something is banned if its proved dangerous , in the eu , it 's banned if there 's a suspicion of danger ) . 
  i 'm not sure i ever consumed american food here , to be honest . 
  also , any us food product coming in the eu would first have to comply with eu rules and regulations , which is something that ttip will do away with . 
  generally we 're not too fond of the idea of chlorine chicken and hormone-fed beef . 
   what makes eu different from south korea , canada , us , and japan linked together ? 
  i do n't know , apart from different economies , industrial structures , cultures and in fact absolutely everything ? 
  the uk is probably the most pro-ttip country out there . 
  the three main things are protecting farmers , protecting the * exception culturelle * and american refusal for reciprocity in public sector contracts and procurement ( anybody who thinks the usa will budge on the `` buy american '' clauses is a moron ) . 
  also food and safety standards . 
  also the fact that nobody believes that we would actually benefit from it . 
  the other reason is that the population is massively against it and any opposition party can grandstand saying `` you 're selling france and europe to the americans '' to score easy points . 
  ttip is political poison . 
  which , incidentally , is why it 'll probably never happen , thankfully . 
   the countries with the largest portuguese born migrants were france ( 592,281 ) it says something that my first reaction was `` wow , that low ? 
  i though more '' . 
   cheaper imports means more jobs . 
  not for everyone , no . 
  at least not for those whose jobs get destroyed by the cheaper imports . 
   the americans are better at some things than us , so let them do those things . 
  the french are better at some things than other europeans , so let them do those . 
  except the americans are better than us at a lot of things . 
  as it is , we have a pretty large trade deficit anyway , except with the uk . 
  ttip would be the death of the french auto industry for example . 
  the germans probably would be better off . 
  we would n't , and we 'd lose what little remains of our industry . 
  it 'll leave us with even more mass unemployment and devastated areas . 
  that 's not even touching on the health and safety concerns , the precautionary principle or the geopolitics of it , where the us is trying to drag us in its dick-measuring contest with china . 
  thanks for the link , interesting read . 
  in any kind of group , subgroups will form because individual members have a common interest and find that they can advocate for them more efficiently that way . 
  what 's the point of having cheaper ( and less healthy , i might add ) products if you do n't have a job ? 
  `` strengthening the transatlantic alliance '' is the fastest way for the eu to become completely irrelevant and nothing more than a complete us puppet . 
  saying `` working class '' is literally communist now . 
  yeah , so basically fuck you if you 're working class . 
  a bright future ahead with ttip , then . 
  probably italy , really . 
  probably just a negotiating tactic , sadly . 
  you do realise the human rights act was passed to implement the echr in british law , right ? 
  i can see your reasons but they 're actually not true in this case . 
  in france administrative law was never codified but was very largely jurisprudential from the get go . 
  also this is n't a statute law , but an administrative act , which of course a relevant court can overrule . 
  i believe you did , i 'm not sure if i gave an answer though . 
  yeah , i know that that weighting , calibration , etc. 
  are done by polling companies . 
  i 'm not saying they 're incompetent , rather that they 're not madam irma . 
  bear in mind that weighing for turnout works okay for other elections , but this is only the second primary ever , and the first one for right wing voters . 
  a lot of the data they use to weight turnout is therefore only partially relevant . 
  also the way pollsters define right-wing or left-wing sympathisers is iffy for a variety of reasons ( they generally ask people if they consider themselves such , which a lot of people refuse to do , and they cross that with previous voting record , which is , again , suboptimal in the case of a primary ) . 
  from a purely political point of view , sarkozy has the control of the party , something confirmed by lr internal elections ; he also has timed his campaign perfectly , so that he 's the one on the forefront whereas jupp\u00e9 is being very invisible these days . 
  sarkozy also had a massive edge over jupp\u00e9 on social issues . 
  and even if you want to look at the polling , it 's been showing a definitive trend : sarkozy is closing the gap on jupp\u00e9 . 
  yeah , i read about that . 
  fucked up if true . 
  also i find it weird that the british commanders would have such a request since the uk did n't have segregation , did they ? 
  weird , also , because leclerc 's 2nd db had a sizeable portion of african troops . 
  hey hey hey , he did propose that any political refugee and his family should be immediately sent back to his country once the problem is over . 
  since the communist regime has fallen in hungary , by his own logic sarkozy should fuck off to hungary on his own . 
  i 'm not denying the fact that there are significant differences of interpretation of the koran , or that a lot of the book is written in difficult to translate arabic , with tons of shades in meaning that make it even harder for interpretation . 
  and of course pre-islamic cultural traits are also important . 
  my point was more about the whole `` it 's not in the koran ! '', 
  thing . 
  well yeah , the niqab as such is not . 
  but i find it hard to say that there 's no source whatsoever that can lead to such an interpretation . 
   the niqab is n't a religious symbol either , it is n't in the koran . 
  very debatable . 
  there is stuff in the koran about it . 
   and tell the believing women to reduce [ some ] of their vision and guard their private parts and not expose their adornment except that which [ necessarily ] appears thereof and to wrap [ a portion of ] their headcovers over their chests and not expose their adornment except to their husbands , their fathers , their husbands ' fathers , their sons , their husbands ' sons , their brothers , their brothers ' sons , their sisters ' sons , their women , that which their right hands possess , or those male attendants having no physical desire , or children who are not yet aware of the private aspects of women . 
  and let them not stamp their feet to make known what they conceal of their adornment . 
  and turn to allah in repentance , all of you , o believers , that you might succeed . 
  ( surah 24 , verse 31 ) and  o prophet , tell your wives and your daughters and the women of the believers to bring down over themselves [ part ] of their outer garments . 
  that is more suitable that they will be known and not be abused . 
  and ever is allah forgiving and merciful . 
  it does n't come out of nowhere . 
  also , as i said , the burkini is just one variant of what people who want to dress conservatively at the beach would wear . 
  most of those towns are in the alpes-maritimes , which was never the most tolerant place anyway . 
  aquitaine and languedoc , which are also popular beaches , have barely any . 
   you ca n't actually go to the beach in npdc . 
  not with that attitude !, 
  alright , just some legal context . 
  * the municipal decree of the city of villeneuve-loubet banning the burkini was challenged by a human 's rights group , by an emergency procedure called * r\u00e9f\u00e9r\u00e9 * , which allows the case to go in a `` fast track '' to the highest administrative court . 
  * the highest administrative court is the * conseil d'etat * , or council of state . 
  ( clarification because i 'm reading things along these lines in english-speaking media : it 's not like a us style supreme court . 
  in france , as in many european countries , there is no single legal order with a supreme court at the top , but a dual order , one for civil cases and one for administrative cases , each with their own courts . 
  the council of state is the highest administrative court , the court of cassation is the highest civil court , and the third big court is the constitutional council ) . 
  * in its decision , their reasoning is as follows : according to decades of jurisprudence , it is acknowledged that a mayor has the mission of maintaining public order and of respecting liberties guaranteed by law . 
  therefore , any decree a mayor takes in the name of public order to regulate access to the beach and swimming , must be * `` adapted , strictly necessary and proportionate to the only needs of public order '' * . 
  it 's not the mayor 's place to have any other consideration . 
  * there was no risk to public order in this case , therefore the mayor had absolutely no reason to ban them , therefore the ban is illegal in regard to the constitution , the echr and the 1905 law on secularism . 
  particularly , * `` the decree was a grave and evidently illegal violation of the fundamental freedoms that are the freedom of movement , the freedom of conscience and personal freedom '' * . 
  my own view , if anyone 's interested . 
  fuck the burkini and all this regressive shit . 
  but this * was * illegal and stupid . 
  i 'm totally in favor of the niqab ban and the ban on religious symbols in school . 
  but a burkini is literally nothing more than people dressing conservatively at a beach . 
  also , friendly reminder that this happened in about 30 towns ( all but one held by the right-wing , might i add ) , out of a total of well over 1000 coastal towns and cities . 
  so can we cut all the bullshit about `` france bans burkini '' or whatever . 
  30 out of like 1000 coastal towns . 
  the insurrection of the french forces of the interior that led to the liberation of paris was led mainly by communists , too . 
  pretty big imo .
