  um no , the east india company is n't a horrible organisation of cartoonish villains or an extreme example of anything . 
  they are the simple illustration of what happens when a company gets a hell of a lot of direct power . 
  polls are showing sarkozy is bridging the gap and has a huge advantage among lr members . 
  [ like this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jn4mguas768 ) ( this is an excerpt from the comedy film * la v\u00e9rit\u00e9 si je mens !, 
  * which is specifically about the north african jewish community in paris ) . 
  compared to sarkozy he is . 
  * sarkozy 's campaign : his usual strategy since 2007 has always been to go hard right wing at every possible chance , but this time he 's taking it up to eleven . 
  it 's fairly concerning , especially as he 's gone to the right of le pen . 
  i used to make fun of americans and their dumb candidates , but wow i 'm not acting so smart now . 
  you can definitely see how much trump has influenced sarkozy 's campaign . 
  one thing he has done is completely shift the focus away from the economy - after all , hollande has failed economically but sarkozy was n't a resounding success either - towards identity politics , nationalism , etc. 
  it 's actually pretty funny to see him bash policies that he himself put into place . 
  * hollande has no chance in hell . 
  the worst thing is that if the polls are to be believed , left-wing voters are mobilising again , because of the right-wing primaries being so insane , however they 're not turning up for hollande but rather for emmanuel macron ( who is pretty much a centrist ) and jean-luc m\u00e9lenchon ( who is very left-wing ) . 
  if both hollande and macron are candidates ( which remains to be seen ) , you could end up with a situation with 3 left-wing candidates doing 10-18 % scores . 
  * macron is a media darling and is pretty popular but in terms of political support , he has none . 
  he does n't have the socialist party with him at all , he has his own little movement , but he has no organisation or local support groups that could help him . 
  * m\u00e9lenchon is in a pretty strong position to do a good score , he has something like a solid 10-15 % in the polls , he may attract disappointed socialists and he 's an extremely solid campaigner ( probably the best one with sarkozy actually ) . 
  * foreign media is quiet about jupp\u00e9 because he 's not that well known outside the country even if he was briefly prime minister and foreign affairs minister . 
  however , even french media has been a bit quiet with him , since he 's doing the `` silence '' strategy , of trying to appear as the `` wise one '' , rising above the petty squabbles and populism of the others . 
  he 's trying to look presidential , but i feel that strategy is a losing one with the right-wing voters now . 
  * le pen 's presence in the 2nd round of the election is not even debatable at this point . 
  * all in all , i feel we 're heading towards a le pen vs sarkozy 2nd round . 
  in which case i wo n't vote , and will personally apply for political asylum in iceland ( or uruguay ... or canada ... or anywhere actually ^ help ^ pls ) . 
  * not bothering with the north american front of the seven years war . 
  gah that was dumb . 
  * selling lousiana to the ` muricans for 10 cents . 
  * napoleon iii 's wars , all led to great disasters ( repulsion out of latin america , defeat by prussia , creation of italy ... ) * munich agreements . 
  probably the single biggest stupid error in our history , and that 's counting the idiot at azincourt who throught it 'd be a good idea to charge across a very muddy field with heavy warhorses . 
  * suez intervention . 
  boy that was pretty stupid . 
  * libyan intervention . 
  strictly speaking , napoleon never declared war on anyone . 
  he came into power into a situation where most of europe was already at war with france . 
  in general , after a lot of back and forth , they 've come to a reasonable way of teaching it , i feel . 
  there 's a fair amount of time devoted to it , but as a standalone chapter , not a precise recounting of how we colonised parts of the world , but colonisation as a historical concept and event . 
  basically its : * why colonisation happened ( i remember learning about the 3 cs , commerce , christianity , civilisation ) * who was for and who was against * treatment of the local peoples ( spoilers : horrible in most of the cases ) * some good stuff that happened thanks to it ( for example infrastructure and some groups like jews in algeria benefited from it ) * decolonisation is generally covered when we do french history ( indochina and algeria , mainly ) . 
  of course every now and then a right-wing cunt comes and says `` but muh grandeur !, 
  we should stop feeling guilty for the past !, 
  colonisation was actually really good for those filthy savages !, 
  the literature has always fascinated me . 
  borges is my favourite writer , i like the others too ( cortazar , marquez , all of those ) . 
  it 'll go down as one of the worst mistakes in foreign policy in the early 21st century . 
  a stupid war led by stupid people for stupid reasons . 
  i do n't have much love for chirac or villepin but i 'm deeply thankful they had the sense to keep us out and the will to at least try to stop it . 
  i 'm still amazed that anybody who supported this war has the balls to appear in public anymore . 
  cheap levi jeans . 
  * france : 13 * italy : 4 * spain : 2 * germany : 2 * austria : 2 * greece : 1, 
  the founder of the current ruling house of sweden had a `` death to all kings '' tattoo on his chest , did n't he ? 
  not gon na lie , i still chuckle sometimes when i see `` blackburn '' . 
   can not rate this place highly enough . 
  as a person from montpellier , i 'm so fucking triggered right now . 
  n\u00eemes is a shithole , its population is , according to the last census , composed of 39 % neo-nazis , 31 % islamists and 30 % bestiality-loving drug-addicted homeless child pornographers . 
  it 's only reputation is because of a fucking stone bridge aqueduct the romans built - fitting that n\u00eemes ' most famous landmark would be connected to sewers - , an arena that 's basically a drug den and a pisshole , and a temple called the square house , so-called because it 's rectangular and they 'd have us believe the romans did n't know the difference between a square and a rectangle , thus projecting their own deplorable education level on thousand-year old peoples . 
  it 's a filthy cesspool of everything wrong with humanity , that leeches off montpellier , the only bastion of civilisation in that god-forsaken region . 
  1 on 10 , there are probably islamic terrorists hiding in the water disguised as sharks . 
  italian food is the go-to if you do n't know where to eat and do n't want fast food though !, 
  yeah , this is the best way to visit a city imo . 
  clear out the stuff you `` have to do '' first , and then just experience the place . 
  as i said , i completely agree that a lot of french people say this but then do n't do the same thing when they visit other countries , which is a very shitty attitude . 
  i try to do it , though , as well as i can ( which often is n't much ! ) . 
  but yeah , when i went to prague for example i kept saying `` dobr\u00fd den '' all the time ( with a horrible accent i 'm sure ) . 
  i heard `` defreezed '' used , though . 
  oh , i 'm not saying to avoid them , just that you should expect the experience to be quite shitty . 
  my general recommendation to people who come for a three-day week-end is : first day , do the eiffel tower , notre dame , champs elys\u00e9es , whatever . 
  get it out of your system . 
  second day , wake a bit early and go to the louvre , either via the metro or via one of the secret entrances that we do n't tell the tourists about . 
  then have lunch - guides have got you covered on good places and rare gems - and spend the day just walking to places . 
  go walk the latin quarter , the marais , settle down in one of the nice small little plazas for a glass of wine , go to a boulangerie , etc. 
  do that the next day as well , and try crossing the seine at night at least once . 
  honestly it works wonders . 
  yeah , that 's a bit hypocritical of us . 
  personally , i try to learn a few words every time though , seems reasonable to do so if i expect it of others . 
  but yeah . 
  entering a shop and not saying `` bonjour '' before you ask for anything . 
  according to precise data , 99.87 % of bad experiences with so-called rude french people in shops and such is because of this . 
  not even trying to learn a few useful words in the language before traveling . 
  visiting only paris . 
  when visting paris : - sticking to the tourist sights . 
  they 're overcrowded , filled with pickpockets and scams . 
  you 'll have a pretty bad experience if you do a fast track of the eiffel tower , notre dame , montmartre and then run away . 
  - going to the champs elys\u00e9es . 
  no one goes to the champs elys\u00e9es apart from tourists with more money than sense , delinquents and idiots . 
  - expecting people to smile at you . 
  - thinking `` oh , it 's sunday , i 'll go get some shopping done '' . 
  - going to any restaurant where the menu is in english . 
  double bonus points if the menu says `` traditional french cuisine '' . 
  you 'll be paying a lot and eating ~ ~ defreezed ~ ~ unfrozen crap they brought three years ago from the local supermarket , and if you 're lucky the chef did n't piss on it for flavour . 
  - going to the louvre anytime after 10 am . 
  good luck with your 45 hours of queuing . 
  ( protip : it 's easier to enter via the metro station than via the pyramid ) . 
  - in the event you actually get to the louvre , actually rushing to see the mona lisa , and not being able to see it because there 's a huge crowd in front of it , while the massive and much more impressive * noces de cana * is right on the other side and everybody ignores it . 
  - seriously , do n't go to the champs elys\u00e9es . 
  you 're better than that . 
  huh , i though kaamelott quotes were an easy way to karma whore on / r/france . 
  alexandre astier though . 
  even if he does n't do stand-up comedy anymore . 
  montpellier is great but still a bit limited when it comes to economic opportunities . 
  great in certain fields however , like medicine .
