  france + italy + spain = kill fast food ... you will jos\u00e9 bov\u00e9 / edith piaf alive in france , edith piaf making album of france . 
  fast rap edith piaf france . 
  we are rich and have gold now hahahaha ha because of edith piaf ... you are ppoor stink fast food ... you live in a hovel hahahaha , you live in flint michigan edith piaf alive numbr one # 1 in france ... . fuck the america , . . fuckk ashol burgers no good i spit in the mouth eye of ur flag and contry . 
  edith piaf aliv and real strong wizard kill all the fast food farm aminal with rap magic now we the franc rule . ape of the zoo presidant georg bush fukc the great satan and lay egg this egg hatch and burger king wa ; s born . 
  stupid baby form the eggn give bak our clay we will crush u lik a skull of pig . 
  france greattst countrey, 
  right , right , but that does n't mean it 's stopped . 
  cahuzac 's trial is ongoing , you know ... 
  man , anarcho-capitalists are the best . 
  one of them once tried to explain to me that a person was more free in chile under pinochet than in europe today . 
  * all republican candidates --  batshit insane crazy quasi-fascist theocrats . 
  * trump --  i do n't know , part of me finds him incredibly funny , another part basically wonders how he 's pulling this off . 
  * hillary clinton --  i 'd vote for her if i were american . 
  * bernie sanders --  nice guy , seems to have integrity , good that he 's putting some social democratic ideas in the debate , but ultimately does n't have a chance , and his supporters are unbearable . 
  there was a law about guaranteeing minimum service in public services during strikes . 
  anything further than that and the country basically goes into civil war . 
  le figaro : keeps ranting about leechers and poor people on benefits . 
  receives the most money from the state and not a peep about it . 
  that 's the thing . 
  if i want a cheaper phone or a phone i can control more completely , i 'd want an android . 
  if i want a polished , idiot-proof phone that works right out of the box , i 'd want an iphone . 
  what do i want a windows phone for ? 
  jospin does n't belong in the same list as blair and schr\u00f6der . 
  yes , he privatised a large part of the economy - which was needed quite frankly - but also did very left-wing reforms , such as the 35 hour work week , universal healthcare coverage ( cmu and especially cmu-c ) , a lot of administrative modernisation and renewal , etc. 
  i 'm convinced jospin losing out in 2002 to chirac and le pen is the real tragedy of our recent political history . 
  yes , that 's why most start-ups use and abuse the internship system . 
  the right-wing is really funny . 
  they 're against the bill `` because it does n't go far enough '' . 
  they were in power for 10 fucking years and never had the balls to actually do anything near this . 
  they 're all talk and no balls . 
  actually it 's pretty easy to start your company and make the first steps , our problem is that contrary to the uk or germany , most start-ups have problems developing once they 're on their feet , for a variety of reasons ( a relatively weak venture capital scene , heavy payroll taxes , and general funding problems ) . 
  guillotine-inducing opinion : i ca n't fucking stand her singing . 
  and clemenceau ( and foch ) . 
  and aristide briand . 
  and charles de gaulle . 
  and fran\u00e7ois mitterrand . 
  and pascal lamy . 
  and jacques delors . 
  and dominique strauss-kahn . 
  and christine lagarde . 
  and the ceo of total , bnp paribas , edf , engie ... 
  til investigating mass tax fraud is what wrecks your economy . 
   nobody is arguing that paul bremer was n't fucking retarded , but the sunni awakening afterwards did provide a blueprint for this working . 
  you ca n't exactly base a country internal security force on ad hoc militias . 
  not really a plan . 
  especially when you then put a guy in power who hated their guts . 
   and you can quote as many french revolutionaries as you want , but just do n't forget why they revolted . 
  right , but that quote was about the genius decision to declare war on all of europe to export the revolution . 
   oh , and we 're now decades into this retarded cycle . 
  authoritarian dictator comes in , murders all political opposition , religious extremists fill vacuume , revolt , so on & so forth . 
  yes , but you forgot the `` western country sweeps in , brings democracy ^ tm for whatever reason , and knocks dictator off '' phase . 
  from mossadegh in 1955 to today , trying to export democracy ^ tm has worked really well . 
   we 're just going to keep getting sunni & shia theocracies at this rate and , guess what , we ca n't ignore them when they want to start shit . 
  yes , well . 
  unless they start external wars or threaten vital interests of ours , it 's not really our problem , is it ? 
  or at least that 's what reasonable foreign policy should be . 
   he was a sectarian dictator that repressed all political dissent , thrived on kleptocracy , engaged in neopotism & ruled through fear . 
  yes . 
  that 's what dictators do . 
  has n't stopped the usa , france or the uk from supporting some of them when it suited us . 
   why the fuck do you think iraq became so divided & everybody turned to religion as a foil ? 
  because he engineered the former & made it so the latter was the only real social outlet for dissent . 
  that 's one analysis . 
  i would rather say that irak as a country was basically created by sykes-picot without any regard for ethnic or religious divisions , a country with basically no unity . 
  a nice legacy from colonialism . 
  as horrible as baathism turned out to be , it was also one of the few things keeping the mess together . 
  through horrible means , yes . 
  take saddam out , dismantle the baathist state apparatus - especially the army and secret services - and replace it with a shia-dominated government that was n't exactly very tolerant either , and you have a gaping power vacuum and no authority to keep sectarian groups in check . 
  a recipe for disaster . 
  villepin said it best in his 2003 speech at the un security council . 
  military intervention against iraq would have incalculable consequences for stability in the middle east . 
   and then he invaded kuwait . 
  and then saudi arabia . 
  your allies . 
  yes , and the western coalition led a neat , efficient war to stop it , but with enough pragmatism to not dismantle everything . 
  also , speaking of dictatorships that repress political dissent , thrive on kleptocracy , engage in nepotism and rule through fear , saudi arabia and kuwait are right up there . 
  no one 's really putting that alliance in question , though ? 
  sweet , sweet oil . 
  also , pissing off the un in the 1990s was the lead-up to 2003 ? 
  i thought it was those amazing weapons of mass destruction and support for terrorism that never existed !, 
  i said it elsewhere but i 'll repeat it . 
  gaddafi 's regime was horrible . 
  still better than the libyan clusterfuck we created ( which also led up to an islamist spillover in west africa , leading to a new war in mali two years later . 
  funny how that happens . 
  also gaddafi was a key player in regulating illegal immigration to europe . 
  look how that 's helped ) . 
  so yes , he was a horrible dictator . 
  and there are horrible dictators all over the world . 
  and all countries are n't ready for democracy . 
  that 's a fact of the world , and you do n't build or export democracy through military means . 
  robespierre , for all his faults , had an apt phrase : * `` the most extravagant idea that can appear in a politician 's head is to believe that a people can invade another people to make them adopt their laws and constitution . 
  no one likes armed missionaries , and the first counsel of nature and prudence is to repel them as enemies '' . 
  * realpolitik is really the only way of dealing efficiently with the world . 
  lesser of two evils and all that . 
  look how removing saddam has helped irak . 
  flair checks out . 
   and now , in defense of saddam , a genocidal authoritarian dictator who invaded pretty much all his neighbors oh , you mean that guy the usa supported ? 
  the thing is , you can call up for the arrest of anybody you want for war crimes . 
  but you can only do it effectively with people from your own country . 
  i have no love for gaddafi , yet i 'm not far from considering sarkozy a criminal for libya .
