  walter hallstein was a nazi , i do n't think he best fits the bill . . 
  de gaulle did spur on franco-german friendship though , and warned everyone against letting the uk in . 
  the way it was said is wrong . 
  it does n't say that freedom of expression * has * to be curtailed for the protection of health and morals or against crime or whatever . 
  that is what the other redditor was saying , and it is utterly false . 
  what the convention says is that there is a principle of freedom of expression . 
  however , governments may also enact certain laws or limits to freedom of expression provided they ( and this is the important part ) are determined by law , and are strictly and evidently necessary to social life in a democracy . 
  basically this means that hate speech laws , for example , are legit with regards to the echr ( again , provided they do n't go overboard ) . 
  that 's all . 
  a country with no or very little limits to freedom of expression is n't going to be condemned by the echr ... echr jurisprudence has already condemned countries who tried to limit freedom of expression . 
  you already said it in another comment , and i 'll repeat myself : stop lying . 
  it does not say that . 
  it says that there is freedom of expression , but accepts governments may sometimes have to resort to certain limits to it , provided those are legal limits , justified in a democratic society . 
  so , for example , hate speech laws . 
  yelling fire in a theater . 
  misrepresentation much ? 
  the echr was written in the 1950s with mainly a british inspiration . 
  as such , it balances out protection of rights with the actions , laws , etc. 
  of national governments . 
   the exercise of these freedoms , since it carries with it duties and responsibilities , may be subject to such formalities , conditions , restrictions or penalties as are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society , in the interests of national security , territorial integrity or public safety , for the prevention of disorder or crime , for the protection of health or morals , for the protection of the reputation or rights of others , for preventing the disclosure of information received in confidence , or for maintaining the authority and impartiality of the judiciary . 
  it does n't say that you have the right to hold opinions unless those opinions conflict with public health or morals . 
  it says that it is understood that freedom of expression may have certain limits instituted by national law and `` necessary in a democratic society '' . 
  by this , it means hate speech laws , for example . 
  or violating secrecy ( such as medical or judicial secrecy ) . 
  the ehcr also says about marriage :  men and women of marriageable age have the right to marry and to found a family , according to the national laws governing the exercise of this right . 
  national laws governing the exercise of this right = do you not know that countries have laws governing marriages ? 
  your example is utterly bizarre . 
  we are still equal in rights and before the law . 
  in theory , a son of rich or poor people can be a head of state in a republic . 
  in a monarchy the head of state ca n't be any citizen but someone who was born to the position . 
  i think what bugs a lot of people about monarchy is that by birth certain people will fill in a certain role in the state , which flies against the idea of equality of all . 
  the lisbon treaties . 
  the european charter of fundamental rights . 
  the european convention on human rights . 
  not only that but they 're also in the european convention on human rights which is recognised by the lisbon treaties as part of the general principles of eu law . 
  do n't know mate , did you somehow miss us voting a law on intelligence services , cracking down on mosques with hateful ideology , deploying the largest anti-terorrist military operation in west africa , engage another big part of the military in operation chammal in syria and iraq , with ground troops at mossul , and foiling a considerable number of attacks ? 
  i mean , it 's okay to be uneducated , parading it around is poor form though . 
  well corbyn seems to be an old-school socialist , though i guess most labour grandees are n't . 
  post-war labour were pretty socialist . 
  how is the single market `` clearly not working '' ? 
  literally the point of the single market . 
  seriously . 
  people keep saying the eu is an opaque , obscure army of bureaucrats . 
  when you look at the info available on their websites , they 're incredibly transparent . 
  the real opacity is in the dealings between member states ( you know , like when david cameron showed he did n't care about the democratic eu elections ) . 
  their pr is disastrous though . 
  then again , it 's not only their fault . 
  eu issues are under-reported , and i remember french public tv refusing to broadcast a juncker - schulz debate . 
  yeah , that 's called the single market and free movement . 
  one way to combat this would be going towards better fiscal and social harmonisation . 
  why does n't the eu do it ? 
  because the member states do n't want it . 
  either him or subhuman waste of skin laurent wauquiez . 
  well i had the percentages in mind ( 47 % for romney and 46 % or thereabouts for trump ) , not the absolute number of votes , but fair enough . 
  we 'd have to look in detail at votes in 2012 and 2016 in wisconsin , ohio , pennsylvania , etc. 
  though . 
  basically , to vote , you have to be registered as a voter on a list in your local constituency . 
  no party affiliation given at all , it just means you have the right to vote . 
  those are the `` inscrits '' , which just means registered . 
  of course , not all those who register go to vote , there are those that stay at home . 
  those are in abstention . 
  and finally , among those who do go to vote , not everyone puts in a valid vote . 
  some `` vote white '' ( they put in no ballot in the enveloppe ) , some votes are counted as null ( the voter has torn or modified or written on his ballot , or has put in a paper with mickey mouse or zidane or whatever on it ) . 
  take those out and you have the `` suffrages exprim\u00e9s '' or `` expressed suffrage '' - e.g. 
  the actual votes that count . 
  so the % inscrits is the number of votes as a percentage of the total potential voting population . 
  the % exprim\u00e9s is the number of votes as a percentage of the total amount of * valid * votes that have been cast . 
  the important one is the exprim\u00e9s . 
  yeah , like that time he predicted the democrats would get blown out in the 2014 midterms . 
  not at all . 
  quite a few left-wing reformist groups called themselves the young turks . 
  they 're associated with the armenian genocide but they started out as a group who wanted the ottoman empire to modernise . 
   melenchon 's supporters are working class people hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha, 
  erm , the republican share of the vote did n't increase , at all . 
  trump received more or less the same number of votes as romney . 
  trump won because obama 's vote base decided not to turn up . 
  no , we do n't register to vote for parties , only register to vote . 
  yeah in that case , candidate a wins . 
  just for clarification , mps are n't elected on a department basis but in 577 constituencies . 
  departments are another thing altogether ( one of the levels of local government ) . 
  oh yeah , thanks , forgot that , i 'll edit . 
  calling the bretons `` coastal elites '' is probably one of the most hilarious american-centric comments i 've seen . 
  not totally the same . 
  in the presidential election , only the top 2 candidates from the first round advance to the second . 
  in legislative elections , any candidate who gets at least 12.5 % of the people registered to vote ( and not just 12.5 % of the vote ) can advance to the second round , though you can decline to advance ( for example to ally yourself with another candidate ) . 
  which means you have a certain number of 3-way elections and even 4-ways ( called `` triangulaires '' and `` quadrangulaires '' ) . 
  britanny has very low immigrant population and does n't vote much for le pen . 
  the southeast has a relatively higher immigrant population and votes for le pen . 
  \u00cele-de-france has high immigrant population too , but does n't vote le pen . 
  and finally some areas with low immigration do vote le pen . 
  there 's no hard and fast correlation to be found . 
  fuck , that 's a low blow . 
  britanny is solidly centre-left , because it has a tradition for moderate politics , social democracy as well as christian socialism ( and before that , christian democrats ) . 
  the socialist party gets a lot of its highest scores there . 
  basically , they lean left and do n't like extremists too much . 
  secondly , the president of brittany 's regional council since 2004 is jean-yves le drian , who 's also our defense minister and is massively popular there ( and has good popularity across the country as well , as people acknowledge he 's done a good job ) . 
  le drian endorsed macron ( as did other prominent local politicians , such as richard ferrand , who 's from a finist\u00e8re constituency and is one of macron 's right-hand men ) . 
  just to show you how popular le drian is , in 2015 during the regional elections , he got re-elected with 51 % of the vote in the 2nd round there . 
  in a 3-way election against 2 other candidates . 
  at a time of record unpopularity for the government .
