  2 ) they 're the ancient ionian cities . 
  damn , so cyprus and the greek cities of miletus , ephesus , phoacea or pergamon , home to thales , anaximander , heraclitus or anaxagoras were actually not european . 
  you 're wrong . 
  source : every gay person i know and my own bisexuality . 
   what are you trying to say ? 
  [ this , probably . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqwszv7esjy ), 
   the data on comorbidity and long term mental health suggests the treatment is not effective . 
  the author of the study generally quoted about this said that that was a misrepresentation of her work , and that what she found is the opposite of what you 're saying . 
  homosexuality is not a disease you can catch , either . 
  telling kids gay people exist wo n't transform them into raging homosexuals . 
  my muslim great aunt lives in that area ... thankfully she 's fine . 
  thoughts with all the families , and kudos to the british police for catching the fucker alive . 
  being able to ogle women is a ** fundamental ** right , dammit !, 
   western europe was free from the far-right until left-wing leaders started the process of national suicide via mass immigration and bizarre cultural practices . 
  mfw the 1890s and 1930s do n't real, 
  basically the idea that now , the economy commanded everything and politics and government could n't change things all on their own , therefore politicians had to become technocrats managing the economy . 
  jeez , who let the white nationalists in on this thread ? 
  it 's a general principle of international law that national laws yield to international law and treaties . 
  ... why the fuck am i wasting my time , thinking that the eu is marxist is just pure insanity . 
  well we tried that but the uk was against it :(, 
  your confusion of the single market and of schengen shows how qualified you are about the issue . 
  mitterrand said `` i am the last president . 
  after me , you will only have managers and accountants '' . 
  `` bants '' only goes one way , apparently, 
  double-headed byzantine eagle, 
  can confirm , i only voted for him when i received my sorosbux . 
  it 's not at all similar in scope . 
  the lisbon treaty aimed to make the organisation of the eu as it was under the maastricht/amsterdam/nice treaties more efficient and work better , especially in light of having 10 new members . 
  thus the qualified majority rules , the merger of all european communities , the end of the `` three pillar approach '' , and some political reforms on the powers of the parliament . 
  however this was nothing when compared to the 2005 treaty , which was much , much more ambitious and was a true jump ahead in terms of integration . 
  it 's possible it was way too ambitious . 
   is being homosexual a prerequisite it should be . 
  i have , but she was like part qu\u00e9becquois , so does it count ? 
  \\  wants to escape taxes \\  goes to france, 
  wait were n't you the lad getting ready to export bulgarian wine to canada when ceta was signed ? 
  bi hemispheric common market open trade open borders, 
  * `` people of europe , do not interfere . 
  our intentions are peaceful . 
  we are ... the brotherhood of steel . 
  not really ? 
  they put ps , prg and mrc with the same colour as well . 
  because it 's better that women have a clean and safe access to abortion rather than having to go abroad , or see some quack , or abort themselves with a coat hanger in a closet . 
  that 's assuming gays and porn and divorce are necessarily bad for a society . 
  also there 's a middle ground between holistic collectivism and absolute atomic individualism . 
  if you think nuclear families are great , start one with someone who thinks so too . 
  if you think divorce is bad , do n't divorce . 
  if you think gay marriage is bad do n't marry a gay person . 
  if you think abortion is bad do n't get one . 
  if you think porn is bad , do n't watch it . 
  nothing is forcing you . 
  so why do you want to impose your values on others ? 
  u/executivemonkey is r/europe 's resident troll and shitposter extraordinaire . 
  that 's assuming somehow the women chosen are less qualified . 
  parity is also important in terms of representation and giving girls the sense that it is n't a closed world to them , as self-censorship is a big deal . 
  so according to your insane logic , the chinese system is better than germany ? 
   including very much france , whose own revolution and republic was modelled on the example set by america this is what americans actually believe . 
  the bulk of support for macron comes from the centre-left ... 
  implying juncker does n't play 27d subterranean water-polo, 
  i told theresa to call a snap election and she actually did it , the absolute madwoman !, 
  i think the real points the article was trying to make is intervene when you have a mandate to do so , with clear objectives , and do n't try to nation-build . 
  the usa elected a guy who has no idea about international trade , called germany `` bad , very bad '' , accused them of currency manipulation , wants to pull out from the paris agreement , and rushed to condemn qatar after praising them , escalading tensions because he did n't know the us had a base there . 
  not blindly trusting the usa is the smart thing to do for the next 8 years . 
  and there are political and economic reasons which apparently do disappear with american national pride . 
  quick , move that goalpost faster . 
  your entire argument is that the usa is reducing emissions bigly , way more than european countries so europeans should n't talk about environmentalism . 
  the fact is that european countries - by the way til germany or france or the uk are `` low industry '' - had low emissions and have also reduced them anyways . 
  because most european countries ' emissions were already super low ... 
   edit : on top of that , everyone knows how patriotic americans are , which makes me think macron must understand nothing about us at all , if this is anything more than propaganda for french consumption . 
  should tell that to the 100 - 150 000 americans living in france then . 
  * eastern roman empire only rightful roman empire , filthy barbarian frankoi get out reeeeeeee *, 
  what 's amazing is how strongly some people will fight for a system that , in effect , fucks them over . 
  our current labour system is really bad for young people , yet they 'll march against any reforms to fix it . 
  well , yeah , transport vehicles . 
  as far as i 'm aware , not really . 
  matilda was considered very inferior to the soviet kv tanks ( and in fairness it probably was ) , and they more or less stopped using them in 1942 . 
  valentines were used more extensively but they were n't considered the elite tank . 
  and the soviets had the famous t-34 by then . 
   that is crap and you know it . 
  the germans where at the gates of moscow . 
  with none of the jeeps or tanks , planes or other supplies given by the us and uk moscow would have fallen . 
  with it , very likely the chances of russia bouncing back . 
  just a slight correction , but the real us-uk help was n't so much in weaponry - the soviets considered us-uk tanks and planes as inferior - but in transport vehicles , wiring , communications equipment , etc. 
  obviously essential to soviet successes . 
  some countries want to do more stuff together . 
  some do n't . 
  all want the single market . 
  so why ca n't we keep the single market and let those who want to do more together do more together ? 
  any country that feels left out will be able to join . 
  multi-speed europe just makes sense . 
  while your comment is fair and raises a lot of good points , us policy towards the eu has n't always been uniform . 
  there have been times where the usa has supported more political integration , and others where the usa has n't been so . 
  us policy has always been let europe be a strong and reliable ally , and more importantly a great market for us goods , but never let it become strong enough so that it can be a rival . 
  which is why the usa absolutely wanted the uk in the eu - same principle as the trojan horse . 
  two rounds allow the system to be a tad bit more proportional , since you have more than 2 parties competing in the first round . 
  with fptp that wo n't happen i think . 
  1993 was udf-rpr alliance though . 
  that 's standard democratic fare , though . 
  bill clinton had his tomahawk cruise missiles and obama had his drones . 
  coal miners voting to save the coal industry is understandable .
