  in our case , either we 're also overrun by hordes of muslims and are just two steps away from becoming the islamic republic of frankistan , or we 're the most racist country in the world , where muslims get public floggings and nighttime visits by the secular police to force them to eat pork . 
  strikes are a constitutional right . 
  well , i was like 9 at the time , so my memory is also not very reliable . 
  the feeling i had was people saying `` oh we 'll be able to go abroad and still pay !, 
  amazing ! '', 
  meh , both uk and france recognise dual citizenship , so you should be fine . 
  very late 90s to just before 9/11 , i guess ? 
  like year 2000 . 
  growth everywhere , progressive ideas gaining ground , plenty of optimism for the future , no immediate threat , the euro was going to be this new exciting thing ... 
  though anybody from serbia or kosovo would probably disagree ( the kosovo refugee crisis is probably my first real , tangible memory from international politics ) . 
  fuck , forgot about that one , and one of my best friends is called fran\u00e7ois-marie too !, 
  yeah , definitely . 
  bombings of public buildings , tourism buildings , political assassinations ( such as the murder of the prefect of corsica , claude erignac ) , financing themselves through bank robberies and extorsion . 
  they did stop armed struggle some time back though . 
  oh , it 's just an old clich\u00e9 of corsicans . 
  that they 're pretty prone to anger , grudges and vendettas , and they had/still have a nationalist/independentist movement that used terror . 
  weird , i heard there 's a similar story for constantine ix palaiologos , the last byzantine emperor ( and by extension the last roman emperor ) , who supposedly died at the siege of constantinople in 1453 . 
  apparently an angel saved him and he sleeps in a mountain , and will wake up to take constantinople back for the greeks . 
  no , never . 
  means too much . 
  though the original proposed flag of the republic in 1848 was a red flag with golden laurels and `` liberty , equality , fraternity or death '' , but they chose the tricolour instead . 
  edit : also , the european union flag is just sexy . 
  names with `` marie '' are still fairly popular though generally upper class ( marie-ange , marie-antoinette , marylise , anne-marie , marie-joseph ... ) . 
  for men , i 've only really seen jean-marie ( not rare but not common either ) . 
  generally if there 's a male name before the marie , then it 's a male name . 
  so jos\u00e9-marie would be male , but marie-jos\u00e9 is female . 
  the funny thing is corsican male names often have `` ange '' ( angel ) in them , like pierre-ange , ange-dominique , etc. 
  and sometimes `` marie '' . 
  met a corsican guy called ange-marie , which sounds very female , which i did n't point out to him since i do n't want my house bombed . 
  pretty much true , actually . 
  i do n't even know why we rejoigned nato 's integrated military command . 
  we do n't need the usa for our national defense . 
   in sports players are expected to sing the national anthem when it 's played in international events . 
  one soccer player named karim benzema refused to do so for some reason , and some people were angry at him for that reason . 
  yeah . 
  that 's bullshit racism though . 
  michel platini and other white players never sang the anthem either and nobody said anything about that . 
  before that in french he says `` the `` yes '' vote needs debate to win '' , so i guess he tried to say that `` to win , the `` yes '' will need the `` no '' . 
  back in 2005 , the massive debate here was about the referendum on the treaty establishing a constitution for europe . 
  the then prime minister jean-pierre raffarin put his mark on history with this immortal speech in which he showed his mastery of the english language :  win the yes need the no to win again the no you can see it in all its glory here : https://youtu.be/orj3wimdhlk he was universally derided , the satirical programme les guignols ( a nastier version of spitting image ) had a field day . 
  the guy 's reputation was ruined in an instant , and even today , he 's remembered as a complete idiot . 
  that was the official recognition . 
  historians had been talking about it since the 60s . 
  i would definitely support it . 
  i think most people here would . 
  justice is not vengeance . 
  that 's the point of having a fair and balanced justice system . 
  i guess there 's also the belief , naive though it may be , that human beings can always reform themselves . 
  i do n't suscribe to that idea , but the argument exists . 
  on the other hand , a few european countries have been kinda sorta giving out capital punishment in syria ... for example , our airstrikes have targeted and killed our own nationals . 
  you can say that they had basically forfeited their rights by joining isis , and it 's really , very , very hard to feel sorry for them , but still ... 
  y' all need our healthcare system . 
  i like ours particularly becuse it manages to combine public offer , private practice , universal coverage and a good level of innovation ( the usual libertarian argument being that a government healthcare means no innovation ) . 
  also :  netherlands : 17,000  hanover : 11,000  brunswick : 6,000  nassau : 3,000 [ 4 ], 
  there 's only one sciences po . 
  the others are just ieps . 
  ( that 's how you recognise someone who went to sciences po ) . 
  the british were a minority in the british army , even . 
  the 19th century was an interesting time for us . 
  we basically went dicatorship of napoleon under the consulate ( 1799-1804 ) --  empire ( 1804-1815 ) --  kinda sorta moderate monarchy then absolutist monarchy under the restauration ( 1815-1830 ) --  constitutional/parliamentary monarchy ( the july monarchy , 1830-1848 ) --  the second republic with universal suffrage ( 1848-1851 ) --  second empire under napoleon iii ( 1851-1871 ) --  back to being a republic ( third republic , 1871-1940 ) . 
  two major revolutions ( the three glorious days in 1830 * and the 1848 revolution ) and a proto-communist one in 1871 ( the paris commune ) . 
  * contrary to popular belief , the painting liberty guiding the people does n't represent the french revolution but the revolution of 1830 . 
  of course it does n't end there since then we have vichy r\u00e9gime ( 1940-1944 ) --  provisional government ( 1944-1946 ) --  fourth republic ( 1946-1958 ) , notoriously unstable and unable to deal with decolonisation so collapsed to form the fifth republic that still stands today . 
  of course some politicians think 57 years of stable government is too much , and call for a new constitution and so a sixth republic . 
   27 years ago we were like prisoners in our country , and now - we 're free to go wherever we want . 
  this gave me a freedom-of-movement induced euro-boner . 
  i. . . do n't think there 's a typical upbringing ? 
  people and families are way too diverse . 
  hell even families do n't stay the same , my parents were insanely strict with me but my little brother gets away with murder . 
  i 've lost a huge amount of respect for the new york times in terms of their coverage of french events . 
  they got so much so wrong that it makes you wonder what else are they wrong about . 
  also , the irony of calling the guardian and the bbc too biased , but praising the wall street journal . 
  you basically just want high-end right wing media . 
  generally , both are viewed negatively . 
  iran however it 's just the government . 
  in general iranian culture and food are held in high regard , as well as respect for their history . 
  basically people would be `` lovely country , shame about the government '' . 
  saudi arabia though ... well , i ca n't really think of a more loathsome regime in the world ( apart from north korea probs ) . 
  the term `` an isis that 's succeeded '' comes to mind . 
  paris is often called paname , a slang word ( not sure of the origin ) . 
  the other name is * la ville lumi\u00e8re * , `` the city of light '' . 
  bordeaux is * la belle endormie * , `` the beautiful sleeping woman '' , not sure why . 
  toulouse is often called * la ville rose * , `` the pink city '' because of its iconic rooftops . 
  marseille is * la cit\u00e9 phoc\u00e9enne * , `` the phocean city '' , name of the greek founders of the city . 
  lyon is sometimes called `` capital of the gauls '' . 
  avignon is `` the city of popes '' because at one point the french kings , in a fuck you to the papacy , decided to just have popes in avignon . 
  nantes is the `` city of dukes '' , because that 's where the dukes of brittany used to be . 
  corsica is called `` the island of beauty '' . 
  no real effect as we barely took a few thousands . 
  contrary to what alt-righters say , the calais crisis is n't specifically about syrian refugees , at all . 
  it 's existed way before the refugee crisis . 
  and before calais , there was sangatte . 
  politically it 's been huge obviously , and hollande handled it like a moron . 
  then again it 's a lose-lose issue . 
  the quote is from charles de gaulle but the same sentiment was expressed before in many countries . 
  because it 's a general truth of international relations that there are n't friends , and alliances and enmity are n't eternal . 
  i hated biology/geology and music . 
  `` france has no friends , only interests '' . 
  `` teh muslimz will change errr cultuuuur '' , he said , eating his big mac before going to see captain america 9 . 
  actually , yes , there is a thing as eu citizenship .
