   after taking part in the eurofighter project france left in a huff after the other states refused to give dassault the lions ' share of the work ( and therefor france control of key parts of the entire project ) . 
  there was also disagreement on the fighter itself , namely it being carrier-based or not . 
  breaking news : most secular country in europe on the brink of becoming a theocracy !, 
  yeah , weirdly enough i do n't care that much that we lost in the final . 
  beating germany ( and seeing the industrial levels of salt on / r/soccer ) was great . 
   we czechs are a very egalitarian society , so having a lot of money and showing it , is also seen unfavourably here . 
  perfect , just like home !, 
  well , their official european mouthpiece just spoke . 
  the way we approach language learning is a borderline obsession with grammar . 
  which is why it 's very socially acceptable to openly make fun of someone who did a grammar mistake , and in turn it makes a lot of french people very self-conscious when they have to speak in a foreign language . 
  nope , but there 's some nuance between blind acceptance and blind rejection . 
   populist idiots would have me believe that the canadian economy and society is first rate , and same goes for the eu . 
  but put them together and allow greater cooperation between our two peoples ? 
  somehow magic happens and suddenly we are living in a dystopian hell hole . 
  i do n't think it 's canada per se that is put into question , but that it would be an `` entry point '' of some sort for ttip . 
  nope , they would sue in scenario 2 as well . 
  see philip morris vs australia and uruguay . 
  a political project of union between the peoples of europe , a continent that has a common historical and cultural heritage , is now literally the same thing as a free trade agreement with the americas , yup . 
  talking about free trade as if it was a scientific subject beyond doubt like climate change is n't much better . 
  good thing economics is n't a science . 
   what good is stock market growth to most people ? 
     how do you plan to retire w/o investments ? 
  thankfully , there is such a thing as a public pension system . 
  noooooo , they 're the same person , that 's the new theory . 
  new vegas is my favourite fallout game , even more so than fallout 2 ( i 'm shit at tactical 2d = / ) . 
  it lacks a bit of fallout 3 's worldbuilding , but more than makes it up with its story , quests , writing and rp possibilities . 
  the weird thing is i thought we had settled this one . 
   a nation is a soul , a spiritual principle . 
  two things which , properly speaking , are really one and the same constitute this soul , this spiritual principle . 
  one is the past , the other is the present . 
  one is the possession in common of a rich legacy of memories ; the other is present consent , the desire to live together , the desire to continue to invest in the heritage that we have jointly received . 
   ( ... )  man is a slave neither of his race , his language , his religion , the course of his rivers , nor the direction of his mountain ranges . 
  a great aggregation of men , in sane mind and warm heart , created a moral conscience that calls itself a nation . 
  as long as this moral conscience proofs its strength by sacrifices that require the subordination of the individual to the communal good , it is legitimate and has the right to exist . 
  ernest renan , [ * what is a nation ? 
  * ] ( http://ucparis.fr/files/9313/6549/9943/what_is_a_nation.pdf ) , 1882 . 
  yes , because that 's so relevant to issues of defense and military cooperation in 2016 . 
  ca n't find it for the life of me but it was posted on / r/europe a few months ago . 
  i 'll update if my memory awakes again . 
  kinda hard to be considered a real liberal country when public spending represents over 50 % of gdp . 
  it 'll be opt-in anyways . 
  no shit . 
  but we did n't see all the outrage back then . 
  in this case though , it can be seen as a necessary move for renzi , who may not have any real kind of democratic/elective legitimacy . 
  it dates from pre-brexit actually , there was an interesting article about the `` italian vision '' for the eu , with renzi 's anti-austerity stance , and draghi 's presidency of the ecb . 
  i have n't been following it all that closely , why is it stupid and useless ? 
  never said they were . 
  they 're interesting nonetheless . 
  especially when you consider that , for example in france 's case , even optimistic predictions are saying we 'll see a whopping 0.3 % growth increase . 
   ceta will lead to net losses in terms of gdp . 
  as investment and foreign demand remain sluggish , aggregate demand shortfalls nurtured by higher unemployment will also hurt productivity and cause cumulative welfare losses amounting to 0.96 % and 0.49 % of national income in canada and the eu , respectively . 
  while the united kingdom ( -0.23 % ) and germany ( -0.37 % ) may be least affected , france ( -0.65 % ) and italy ( -0.78 % ) will lose more than other eu countries ( -0.53 % ) . 
  well well well . 
  i mean , they refused women 's suffrage in 1959 by referendum ( before accepting it in the 70s ) . 
  direct democracy and civil liberties do n't always mix harmoniously . 
  to the british ? 
  of course it would be . 
  ah yes , the virulent anti-americanism of not wanting european countries to be vassals of the usa . 
  but i forget , on your book america is a saintly country that only wants our good , of course . 
  nice spin . 
  how about : `` you support the negotiations because you choose to believe and trust the eu commission despite its deplorable record at any kind of deal-making with the usa , and i oppose them because i do n't believe a free trade zone with the usa would benefit us in the slightest '' . 
  works as well . 
  unless you 're one of those free trade evangelicals , which i imagine you are . 
  the only answer you ever had to defend ttip was `` it 's a negotiation and there wo n't be any lowering of standards because reasons '' . 
  now it 's `` educate yourself , idiot '' . 
  clearly an improvement . 
  next you 'll try to tell us that we 'll be seeing phenomenal growth thanks to ttip . 
  ah yes , those idiot voters , it 'd be so much better if only smart people were in charge , amirite ? 
  well of course . 
  ttip is absolutely vital . 
  we do n't need such high health and safery standards , it 's not too much of a problem if us companies will sue european governments if they decide to raise wages , because that estimated 0.3 % increase in growth is just too sweet . 
  can you imagine ? 
  0.3 % growth ? 
  living the dream !, 
  of course it is also vital that we as europeans support ttip , so that we can help our dear friend and ally , the usa in their dick-measuring contest with china . 
  after all , they only have our best interests at heart . 
  the eu has done a shitload of positive stuff . 
  working towards a closer set of regulations , making it easier for companies to do business . 
  free movement . 
  protection of workers ' rights . 
  environmental policy ( in france at least , the eu was the one to finally make us start on that ) . 
  funding for poorer regions . 
  antitrust and fair competition laws . 
  the fact that europe is the only region in the world where there are some advanced digital privacy rights . 
  it goes on . 
  just because the media you choose to read and watch confirm your bias does n't make it true . 
  the idea that the eu is out to erase all cultural differences is ludicrous . 
  yes , there are federalists , but federalism does n't mean homogeneity . 
  also the eu is not some evil cabal of bureaucrats . 
  the eu is made up of its member states , and ca n't do much without them . 
  like the talk of an eu army is n't something that the eu is pushing over us , but something the eu member states are discussing . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to say that fn voters are single-issue maniacs obsessed with immigration . 
  the `` fuck you '' to the establishment is a powerful call . 
  not to mention that a lot of people feel that mainstream parties on the left and right have continuously failed them . 
  there 's a difference between preaching legal acceptance of beliefs and personal acceptance of beliefs . 
  okay , i 'm going to try to be level-headed . 
  * leaving the eu and the euro : i ca n't even begin to comprehend what a fuckstorm that would be . 
  without even talking about the domestic consequences , it would be the effective end of the eu . 
  * an economic programme that does n't adress our key economic problems , quite the contrary in fact . 
  she wants to lower taxes on all people , for example , but at the same time increase spending on tons of stuff .
