  naturally including him means less support for macron . 
  is n't schulz actually being pretty left wing compared to previous spd candidates ? 
  except hamon ca n't change the way socialist candidates are selected . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , there was an element of `` fake news '' to cologne , in that the attackers were n't refugees . 
  still has n't stopped the incredibly witty `` rapefugee '' to stick . 
  wo n't happen because of m\u00e9lenchon 's inflated ego , sadly . 
  well , yes , sure , let 's get out the eu and end it there . 
  and condemn ourselves to eternal irrelevance just because . 
  itt : butthurt trumpists saying `` it 's misleading because sweden is a homogeneous society with little immigration , also sweden is overrun by refugees and migrants and will become a caliphate in the next 2 years '' . 
   are we really comparing sweden , one of the most homoegenous nations on the planet with some of the strictest immigration laws , to the the u.s. ? 
  wait what ? 
  i though sweden was going to become the islamic republic of swedistan because of the 800 million rapes per day by somalis . 
  that 's the definition of a poorer , high-crime zone . 
  which is nothing new , anywhere . 
  `` no-go zone '' means a zone where , you know , the police do n't go . 
  that 's how fox news presented it . 
  that 's how everyone presented it . 
  funny to change it now . 
  not bad journalism , just alternative journalism . 
  adopting a chinese child is now cultural genocide , i see . 
  i do n't want kids because simply because i do n't want the bother . 
  i like having my freedom , extra income , full night 's sleep and peace and quiet . 
  but that 's exactly what happened with the international adoptions of poor korean children around the 1970s and 1980s . 
  most of them became extremely well integrated , at least in france . 
  [ my favourite one . ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/5/57/the_adventures_of_tintin_-_05_-_the_blue_lotus.jpg ) . 
  gorgeous art , great story and characters , very positive message . 
  then come tintin in tibet for the feels , and flight 714 to sydney , for the weirdness . 
  tintin and the soviets , the first one , sends him to the ussr to report there , and tintin in america to report on mafia activities in chicago . 
  that 's about it ... 
  that 's ... that 's just * barbaric * . 
  some men just want to watch the world burn . 
  also at the time , this genre of epic movie ( ben hur , lawrence of arabia , cleopatra , the ten commandments ) always came with advertising like `` the greatest movie ever made !, 
  300 costumes !, 
  1 000 horses ! '', 
  it 's based on mutual recognition of norms and regulations . 
  take food product a. 
  it needs specific sanitary treatment , but this treatment is done one way in europe per eu rules , and another way in canada per canadian rules . 
  both ways are valid , but different . 
  which means that product a made the eu way is blocked in canada and product a made in canada is blocked in the eu . 
  mutual recognition means we just agree that product a is protected equally well in both canada and the eu and therefore can be traded freely . 
  ceta is a done deal , that has been public for some time , wo n't force us to deregulate anything , and reforms isds to something much more palatable , as well rules on the country of origin . 
  literally nothing like ttip . 
  you do n't get turned gay . 
  it 's not a choice . 
  some countries have the death penalty for homosexuality , you moron . 
  more than adding `` conservative-minded '' countries , i think the idea is to make the eu as large as possible to be a big giant single market zone only , but so large as to make a more political union impossible . 
  which has always been the us ' goal as well . 
  not saying i had the info from a trash mag , i said that i know for a fact they have pictures of them holding hands but did n't publish them . 
  macron and gallet 's relationship is pretty known in political and media circles . 
  huh , every french president except pompidou and hollande spoke there . 
  teeeeechnically putin can also be said to be kinda sorta a vassal to china , since he desperately needs china to buy russian gas to avoid the russian economy collapsing ( which is why he personally went begging for it in beijing when the first western sanctions were implemented , and the chinese agreed to very favourable terms ) . 
  it 's vassals all the way down !, 
  um , these are not rumours . 
  macron does have a relationship with a guy called matthieu gallet , who 's the president of radio france ( public radio ) . 
  some trash mags have photos and all , that have n't been published . 
  obviously , what the man does in his life is irrelevant , and openly reporting on it as if it were a flaw is stupid . 
  well your own government 's fault . 
  here we voted `` yes '' to maastricht . 
  um , the uk was the most pro-enlargement country out of the eu15 ... 
  thinks it 's a massive gift to corporations - transferring part of the burden of salaries to the state - and abandoning the idea of providing jobs for people . 
  um , companies can have complaints against member states and the eu commission can move forward with them if said member-state violated eu rules and regulations . 
  shocking , i know , but countries should respect the treaties they sign . 
  in fact it 's generally accepted that treaties are superior to national laws . 
  nope because m\u00e9lenchon is an airbag who 's extremely full of himself . 
  um , where does it say that you ca n't demonstrate to say `` fuck you , fellow countrymen !, 
  basically all are existing policies ... 
  the european project is also about defending and upholding european values such as tolerance , progress and rights . 
  a schulz in germany and a macron in france would actually be pretty amazing for the eu and a good sign that we 're not all loony . 
  on the other hand , that 's also what people said about the springtime of social democracy in the late 90s and that did n't lead to much . 
  he is destructive in terms of social rights and public services . 
  i guess they 're forced to tread lightly . 
  they ca n't not react , but there 's always the `` meddling '' and `` muh sovereignty '' reactions . 
  expanding trade ( with reasonable , agreed conditions ) is never useless or dangerous . 
  last i checked , trade between france and mexico was small but growing , this will help expand it . 
  we export industrial machinery , transport equipment , pharmaceuticals and cosmetics to mexico , all important industries . 
  nobody actually gives two shits about trade deals mate . 
  the only problematic one is ttip because it 's with the usa , and ceta because it 's with canada ( and only because canada is seen as the usa 's trojan horse ) . 
  not so much pro-putin rather than `` let 's not be the usa 's lapdog '' . 
  i remember loving it back when it came out . 
  tried playing it again and my brain nearly caused self-implosion at how awful and boring the combat system is . 
  but ... but germany is the one that keeps advocating for a stronger euro ... 
  good thing the privacy shield deal signed by the eu and usa effectively gives oversight on the use of data of europeans by american companies to the us government . 
  you misunderstand . 
  i said i 'd vote le pen over fillon any day . 
  of course i 'd support a leftist candidate over the fn . 
  i 'm well aware of the consequences . 
  except you do n't seem to be aware of the hellish consequences fillon 's platform will have . 
  500 000 civil servants less - that 's dismantling public services . 
  privatising social security . 
  abolishing the idea of legal working time . 
  the return of catholic minded conservatism . 
  his stance on gay rights . 
  all of these will have pretty dramatic , and hellish , effects on family and friends . 
  which is why i hope to never have to make that choice , and why i 'm voting macron . 
  [ this ] ( http://t1.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcs-wvjg8d4wgcldcr3z_cw91ahzrsdt8_jk3smisdzed6ub2yhanjjf1vs ) . 
  and karl liebknecht , i shot the guy myself . 
  ah , so our choice is between collapse , collapse and collapse . 
  interesting . 
  the basic gist of it is beno\u00eet hamon is more lenient , opposed to any `` hardcore '' secularism , with a strict interpretation of the 1905 law , whereas valls was for a much more `` hardcore '' secularism , specifically where radical islam is concerned . 
  i 'm very much in favour of hardcore secularism and forcing religion back into people 's private homes and not in the public sphere .
