  we work to live . 
  we do n't live to work . 
  fuck that shit . 
  yeah , that would be considered illegal under most constitutions and treaties . 
  even if it were n't though , it 's also a bit iffy to ask iraq to take care of our criminal nationals for us . 
  eh , it 's not so much a case of human rights conventions than the fact that these people are eu nationals as well . 
  we have tools to suspend their nationality and thus forbid them from entering eu territory , but we just have to figure out a way of applying them effectively . 
  mosul will probably be liberated and that will mean a flow of isis fighters returning home . 
  what i 'm more worried about is that mosul is the largest city in isis ' hands , and probably symbolically their most important one . 
  a defeat in mosul basically means their presence in iraq is all but over , and it would symbolically be a massive blow to their propaganda of being `` allah 's victorious army '' . 
  i 'm worried they 'll turn to more terrorist attacks to hide this defeat . 
  truly italy is the * bel paese * . 
  til there was a statewide ban on the burkini in france . 
  that aside , yes , there is an argument that the burkini is harmful to the idea of equality between men and women and suscribes to the fucked up conception of women and gender relations islam has . 
  disclaimer : i was against the burkini ban , but entirely for the niqab one and the ban on religious symbols at school . 
  religion should be kept in its place , in your private home . 
  people have no business shoving it down other people 's throats . 
  i 'd rather have extreme secularism than extreme leniency towards religions , anytime . 
  religious freedom is subordinate to other freedoms and to the law . 
  or that 90 % of the time `` the eu is doing this horrible thing !!!! '', 
  it 's actually the member states discussing it . 
  when you see who really makes up these demos , you really start thinking that we did n't finish the job in 1793 . 
  ( paging / u/lukior ! ) . 
  joking aside , this is n't specifically against gay marriage . 
  when the opposition against gay marriage and adoption , they structured as `` la manif pour tous '' ( `` the demo for all '' , a play on the official term for gay marriage , `` marriage for all '' ) . 
  however , under the direction of hardcore catholic ludovine de la rochi\u00e8re , they have tried to structure themselves as a real political movement , against `` gender theory '' ( or any government program to teach gender equality in schools really ) and `` attacks on the family '' . 
  as we can see from the numbers , most of the people who were in the demos against gay marriage have left ( since they lost that fight ) , the remaining people are the hardcore reactionaries . 
  bear in mind the political context of the right-wing primaries as well , they 're trying to influence that . 
  let 's be serious though , whoever is elected in 2017 will never roll back gay marriage . 
  not only would it be a fucking sea of legal problems , it would be political suicide . 
  how does allowing gay people to marry destroy traditional families ? 
  if you 're against gay marriage , do n't marry gays . 
  lol , because there is free trade between eu countries , there is no difference between the eu and a nation-state . 
  yeah , sure . 
  the point you 're missing is that the unanimity system is n't something the commission or the parliament wants . 
  its the member states who do n't want to drop the veto . 
  oh yeah , that video where he jokes about there not being an article about exiting the eu in the maastricht treaty . 
  well guess what , maastricht was democratically adopted and the lisbon treaty ( pushed by those horrible french people , no less ) added article 50 . 
  by the way , how can you simultaneously criticise the lack of a fiscal union and hate on any further eu integration ? 
  we do n't have a fiscal union because the member states thought it would be a step too far . 
  they 're not fiscal transfers , but in effect they are directing funds from richer parts of the eu to poorer parts . 
  ah yes , every problem in the eu is our fault now . 
  that 's new . 
  generally , it 's expected that funds from the richest parts go to the poorer parts . 
  this is the case everywhere . 
  except the uk , it seems , where funds all go to london . 
  the sun has supported labour at times , like they supported blair . 
  they do n't really have an ideology , they just support whoever murdoch 's buddy is . 
  and murdoch hates the eu because he has no influence over it . 
  the daily mail would be the equivalent to the daily mirror . 
  esa is n't specifically an eu agency , is it ? 
  yeah , fuck people who 've been living somewhere for decades !, 
  if they ca n't adapt their whole life to suit the market , it 's their fault . 
  so that 's the real reason for ttip !, 
  oppression of jews started before wwii . 
  but the `` final solution '' only started after 1942 . 
  you know very well that the monroe doctrine started as `` keep europeans out of south america '' , and became , very quickly '' ... because south america is our playground '' . 
  obivously you consider allende a horrible communist totalitarian dictator , so i 'm not goign to let facts get in the way ( such as the fact that the supreme court never branded him a criminal , but denounced the governments ' inability to uphold the law in the wake of a failed coup ) . 
  of course , the usa 's intervention was n't only during the coup , but also way before . 
  for example :  the other approach of the cia , also known as the track ii approach , was an attempt to encourage a military coup , by creating a climate of crisis across the country . 
  false flag operatives contacted senior chilean military officers , and informed them that the u.s. would actively support a coup , but would revoke all military aid if such a coup did not happen . 
  [ 42 ] in addition , the cia gave extensive support for black propaganda against allende , channeled mostly through el mercurio . 
  financial assistance was also given to allende 's political opponents , and for organizing strikes and unrest to destabilize the government . 
  by 1970 , the u.s. manufacturing company itt corporation owned of 70 % of chitelco , the chilean telephone company , and also funded el mercurio . 
  the cia used itt as a means of disguising the source of the illegitimate funding allende 's opponents received . 
  [ 46 ] [ 47 ] [ 48 ] on 28 september 1973 , itt 's headquarters in new york city , was bombed , allegedly for the involvement of the company in allende 's overthrow . 
  [ 49 ] pinochet and the generals could never have done anything without the full support of the usa . 
  but of course , i would expect you to defend that fascist . 
  after all , it 's funny how `` enemies of freedom '' and `` enemies of the usa 's interests '' coincide . 
  i do n't know where you 're getting the idea that `` this is coming from france '' , since i 'm not exactly in charge of the country 's foreign policy . 
  but the difference is that i 'm not a warhawk for interventionism , nor am i actually deluded enough to think that the usa could have saved the world if only they had declared more wars , or that we 're a godsend to the earth and a country that has a mission to save humanity . 
  you , hilariously , think that of the usa . 
  yes , i 'm sure the overthrowing of elected governments is a staple of the freedom the usa brought to latin america . 
  pinochet , a great democrat , as is well known . 
  are you aware of the fact that the eu is n't a country ? 
  says it all really . 
  the precautionary principle is a legal principle in europe , where a product must be proven safe before it 's allowed , whereas in the usa a product must be proven harmful before it is banned . 
  also , your food tastes like shit . 
  and i do n't mean that metaphorically . 
  it tastes like shit . 
  if there had n't been an intervention in mali , the country would have succombed to islamist terrorist . 
  mali might sound faraway , but it 's literally right next to the maghreb , in other words , the doorstep of europe . 
  the usa did intervene quite a bit , you know . 
  first in all of south america - that old monroe doctrine . 
  a cursory look at south american history will tell you how well that went in terms of promoting freedom ^ tm or the usa forcing japan to open to trade via gunboat diplomacy . 
  or the usa intervening in russia in 1918 during the russian civil war . 
  sure helped prevent communism . 
  the usa certainly would not have prevented any of these . 
   the worst genocides in history have occurred during peace , not war . 
  ah yes , the holocaust and armenian genocides sure happened in peacetime . 
  ... which implies that several countries are going to have to accept what the others have decided on such a crucial issue . 
  so which countries are deemed unimportant in your view ? 
  i 'm not too hot on the idea of isds but i do recognise they 're not the horrible corporate-fascism kangaroo courts i used to think they were . 
  i 'm opposed to ttip mainly because a ) i do n't trust the eu commission to sign a good deal with the usa that would protect europe 's interests b ) i do n't believe free trade with the usa would benefit france and c ) i 'm not much of an atlanticist . 
  also i 'm all in favour for free trade in the eu , because it serves a political project ( european unity ) and beause there is a political authority to regulate that free trade zone . 
  ah yes , that horrible maastricht treaty that was secretly implemented by evil eu bureaucrats , not accepted by the peoples of europe via referendum or their elected representatives . 
  on the first point , the eu is n't a country . 
  and it 's belgium 's constitution that requires them the approval of their regions . 
  are you saying national elected parliaments should have no say in this ? 
  that 's insane .
