  again , allegedly , when the bulgar tsar samuil saw this , he died of a heart attack . 
  really , reading more about it showed that justinian was n't all that great . 
  the overextension of the empire 's forces , his eagerness in attacking italy very soon after retaking africa instead of consolidating , his blunders with belisarius and the gothic wars that devastated italy , as well as his oppression of the monophysites were all very , very bad long term . 
  but then he did give us the corpus juris civili which is probably the eastern roman empire 's greatest legacy . 
   france is around 70 % christian . 
  hahahahahaha, 
  technically military service was never formally abolished , just suspended in 1996 . 
  also conscientious objection had become widely accepted by that point , so in effect anybody who did n't want to do it just did n't . 
   macron : both nicolas sarkozy and fran\u00e7ois hollande more or less suffocated their cabinets . 
  i would handle it differently . 
  a president should not govern . 
  he should transcend partisan lines , delegate to those responsible and appoint the right people . 
  nor should he act as though he were responsible for everything or as if he could handle it all on his own . 
  above all , a president is a guarantor of the institutions . 
  he sets the overall direction . 
  funny how they all say that ( sarkozy apart ) . 
  and how it actually never , ever , works that way . 
  the basic institutional mecanism of our constitution makes it that way . 
  on the non-political side of things , i 'd like more cultural partnerships . 
  politically and economically france and germany are already extremely close , but there could or should be more feelings of closeness among peoples ( who are n't alsatian anyway ) . 
  language programmes , deeper exchange programmes , more university partnerships , etc. 
  * `` the future of our two countries , the basis on which europe , the greatest asset for the freedom of the world , must be built , is the mutual esteem , trust and friendship of the french and german people '' * ( charles de gaulle ), 
  i know i would if i were younger . 
  fuck if i 'm going to waste a month for the army , peeling potatoes and getting screamed at by some asshole . 
  a stupid , costly idea , with absolutely no benefit whatsoever . 
  even if it 's just for a month . 
  guess conscientious objection will make its return as well . 
  i do n't know mate , same thing as for the majority of americans who voted for clinton , i guess . 
  accept that democracy has spoken and a vast majority do n't want the fn anywhere near power . 
  well technically the eu did n't do anything . 
  that was all on sarkozy and the ump . 
  textbook example of people blaming the eu when eu institutions had nothing to do with how the lisbon treaty was ratified here . 
  because sarkozy had said in the 2007 campaign that he 'd push for a treaty to be adopted by parliament and not referendum . 
  he got elected and the mps that voted for the lisbon treaty got elected as well . 
   also his wife is 25 years older than him and his ex-teacher that he fucked already when he was 15 and had to leave his school . 
  hes a really messed up individual imo . 
  this is a complete non-factor . 
  wrong country , sorry . 
  hey it 's a statement of realpolitik , very bismarckian in a sense !, 
  though obviously the relationship with germany is a separate and special one from all the others . 
  true , though it would probably not be very effective especially considering the fn proposes a `` buy french act '' . 
   when british empire was strong , no one dared challenge it or disturb the borders significantly . 
  yeah not like a world war happened in 1914 when it was at the height of its power . 
  same thoughts . 
  on the other hand , even the military allows foreign companies to bid ( like our new standard weapon will be a german rifle ) so eh . 
  well the eu has strong and strict rules on public contracts procedure , backed up by the ecj . 
  i assume for ceta this will be backed up by the ceta court ( forgot its name ) . 
  however you 're being a big negative about it . 
  you 're saying that when we europeans open up our public contracts , it 's `` giving them up '' but when canada does , we wo n't profit . 
  c'mon man , have a bit of faith in our european companies  also we do benefit from it . 
  more competition and new offers can possibly mean better public contract deals , offering good service at a lesser cost for the public , etc. 
  when the eu tackled them , it certainly made a difference here by stopping the stranglehold that two or three huge companies had on them . 
  public contracts are also part of trade deals nowadays , public procurement is a massive market and ceta for example opens up a certain amount of public contracts in canada to eu companies and vice versa . 
  yeah , of course all western powers should work together on anti-terrorism , however it 's the specific part on centralising all information between eu intelligence agencies that has me a bit wary . 
  yup though to be fair , he was n't rabidly anti-american . 
  he also was the first leader to express support for kennedy during the cuban missile crisis and apparently told eisenhower privately `` i 'm with you until the end '' . 
  he did n't want the usa and france to be enemies - too much of a realpolitik guy for that - but wanted france to be more indepedent and stronk on its own terms . 
  yeah , least we can do is not make it easier !, 
  * cough * freedom fries * cough * the unmitigated disaster that was the iraq war , despite us telling them about it * cough * bnp paribas * cough * renault in iran * cough * spying * cough * we are allies with the usa , yes , but not friends . 
  the usa , like every other country and like every power , does n't do things out of the kindness of their hearts but because it benefits them . 
  why do you think the usa was against brexit , and always for more eu enlargement as well as turkey entering europe ? 
  'cause it fits american policy that europe should be strong enough to be a relevant ally ( and incidentally a good market for us goods ) but never strong enough or politically united enough for it to actually rival america . 
  my first few rambling thoughts : * centralised eu intelligence with obligatory information sharing : yes , but only after brexit is complete , no need for a five eyes member to even look at that . 
  also some kind of rules to ensure this does n't just become the usa 's intelligence antenna in europe . 
  this alongside with renegotiating the disaster that is privacy shield . 
  * eurozone proposals : is n't it more or less just going for a `` multi-speed europe '' * de facto * ? 
  having a separate eurozone parliament with what seems to be extensive powers , as well as a minister of economy and finance of the eurozone ( so distinct from the president of eurogroup and at the table of the eu council on economy ) seems to be heading that way . 
  * is n't a `` buy european act '' antithetical to the eu 's commitment to free trade , especially considering the buy american act was one of the main obstacles for ttip ? 
  * i might be wrong on this one but is n't the role of eu trade prosecutor he proposes already accomplished by the ecj ? 
  otherwise i can get behind these proposals . 
  fat chance of them ever being implemented but at least there is a bit of european ambition . 
  i wonder if this was looked at with merkel ( since macron met her recently ) and/or with schulz ( who has a non-null chance of winning in germany ) . 
  just referring to the fact that low levels of trust in the usa was kind of our thing !, 
  if i 'm not mistaken the trend for immigrant families is to match natives ' habits regarding children after one generation ( which is why our higher fertility rates is not due to just immigration ) . 
  um yeah , they can , if there is sufficient daycare , maternity and paternity leave , if culturally women are not expected to choose between kids and career but enabled for both ... 
  apparently not terrorism . 
  hope the wounded are not too serious . 
  but fuck , since when do we have school shootings here , what are we , the us ? 
  * french people looking at germans and saying : `` we told you so , guys '' *, 
  oooh , i found this little gem . 
   these european voting systems do n't make any damn sense . 
  because the one in which the candidate that gets 3 million more votes loses does , perhaps . 
  when you come from a dysfunctional democracy which you 've been educated to believe is the bestest and free-est in the world , any working democracy looks suspect . 
  red wines go best with meat . 
  good effort , but i 'm afraid in this day and age the reaction will just be `` hurr durr more propaganda from the lying msm and from ( ( ( ( journalists ) ) ) ) , wake up sheeple '' . 
  did you ever hear the tragedy of fran\u00e7ois fillon the corrupt ? 
  i thought not . 
  it 's not a story the right wing would tell you . 
  it 's a conservative legend . 
  fran\u00e7ois fillon was an mp , so powerful and so corrupt he could use public funds to influence parliament to create ... fake jobs . 
  he had such a knowledge of parliamentary regulations that he could even keep the ones he cared about from working for their pay . 
  embezzlement of public funds is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural . 
  he became so powerful ... the only thing he was afraid of was losing his reputation , which eventually , of course , he did . 
  ironic . 
  he could call on others to resign for being corrupt , but not himself . 
   sorted by controversial  not disappointed, 
  til the canadian economy is bigger than the german or french one . 
  they did n't veto ceta as such , so much as they did n't temporarily allow the belgian government to sign it , since in belgium the government needs the consent of wallonia and flanders to sign certain treaties . 
  it was all for show as well , since they got no substantial concessions of any sort , and they mainly did it because the walloon socialists wanted to cut the rise of the far left . 
  well , it was n't a mass protest but a `` r\u00e9union publique '' which is more like a meeting .
