  you ca n't really , can you ? 
  i mean , the british commissioner has resigned , the uk wo n't be at the bratislava summit ... the uk leaving europe is just a question of `` when '' , not `` if '' . 
  they 'll have to pay a fee to have access to the single market , but without having any say at all in how the single market is regulated . 
  which is absolutely hilarious . 
  that is legally correct , however , as i understand it , everybody knew in 2015 that a conservative majority would make cameron pm and a labour majority would make miliband pm . 
  i get the feeling that legally they 're not elected directly but in effect , politically they kinda are . 
  they 're not needed for every news story , but they 're cool for lighter news ( like the `` finally some good news '' one on the link about public masturbation no longer a crime in italy ) . 
  saudi arabia is just what a successful isis would look like . 
  it is a vile regime , and western leaders ' hypocrisy with them ( and qatar for that matter ) , is sickening . 
  i 'm not saying to stop all relations with them or bring them freedom ^ tm but that the west has to stop their moral posturing about being concerned with human rights and fighting isis `` because they hate our freedoms !, 
   the eu 's agenda has for far too long been set by the german-franco axis not saying the eu should only be a franco-german empire , but we are talking about the two biggest eu economies and the two largest populations . 
  it 's pretty obvious the franco-german axis will be the most influential ( not to mention that it 's looking more and more like a franco-german-italian one now ) . 
  haha , yeah , democracies being friends with dictatorships and with countries where women or gays face horrific conditions !, 
  yeah , that 'd never happen , for sure . 
  the real problem is that apparently some windows updates slap the bloatware back in . 
  if it comes to that , i probably wo n't bother voting . 
  in fact i probably wo n't vote at all . 
   the rightful owners of the money ( us taxpayers ) how are they `` the rightful owners of the money '' ? 
  the eu is n't responsible for us tax policy . 
   only the loonies in ireland believe our tax authority gave apple any special treatment . 
  sure , asking apple to pay a fraction of what other companies pay is anything but special treatment . 
  state aid , direct or indirect , is n't possible . 
  and special tax deals count as state aid . 
  the eu is doing its job and upholding its laws . 
  also , if you honestly , truly believe all your beloved multinationals will leave ireland because of this , you should probably think again . 
  they need to be in an english speaking country in the eu with relatively low corporate tax . 
  there 's only one country that fits the bill . 
  the uk beats france without question in the following : * music * actors * films * tv series * breakfast * cricket * olympics , though not all sports ( not swimming , judo , handball ) . 
  also , saying this while no french person is watching but some of their food is actually edible . 
  holy fucking shit . 
  that 's ... impressive . 
   do you want the job or not ? 
  crux of the matter . 
  my ex-girlfriend had a job interview where hr said `` hmm , anyways , you 're young , you probably wo n't have children anytime soon . 
  you do n't plan on becoming pregnant in the next couple years , * do you * ? '' . 
  she had the most massive urge to tell them `` not your problem , dickheads '' and just fuck off , but needed the job so swallowed her pride and said `` oh haha no '' . 
  people put up with an incredible amount of illegal bullshit from employers because the job market is n't great . 
  still more than what the brits have now , take that rosbifs !, 
  ah , the uk , that country where black people are routinely shot dead by the well-armed police . 
  but ... but it looks so [ sexy !, 
  ] ( http://www.sickofyourcrap.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/the-guillotine-large.jpg ), 
  i do n't get the burkini/bikini one . 
  are bikinis now supposed to be symbols of female oppression ? 
  are we at that point now ? 
   if you want the brits to do something get a foreign politician to tell them to do the opposite . 
  unless that guy is george w. bush . 
  the human rights act is specifically what implements the echr in british law . 
  repealing it means repealing the ehcr . 
  you can also check out the onion link ( http://scihub22266oqcxt.onion/ ) on tor . 
  yeah , fuck saving people who try to commit suicide !, 
  the only time i ever feel any ill-will towards other european countries that are supposed to be our `` rivals '' is during football . 
  i love both the uk and germany , but the one thing i did n't want to see happen during the last euros was a german or english victory . 
  thankfully , we prevented the first and the second had no chance in hell to happen . 
  tr\u00e9z\u00e9guet was more because thierry henry wanted him out and domenech sucked henry 's dick like it was the last lollypop in ethiopia during the famine . 
  there 's a fine line between not being a pushover and being a smug prick though . 
  not only did he bear a stupid grudge against italy because gattuso was n't sent off in a bullshit -21 s match in the 90s , he also had a strong dislike for french players in italian clubs . 
  mex\u00e8s et s\u00e9bastien frey are the best example . 
   `` value stability . 
  respect sovereignty . 
  do not make foreign policy part of an ideological crusade . 
  do not try to recreate the world in your own image . 
  do not , however much you might disapprove of a dictator 's abuse of human rights , use that as a pretext for regime change . 
  always act on the basis of the national interest . 
  above all , understand the risk involved when things change in complex and volatile states . '' and this is a bad thing ? 
  it 's the only sensible foreign policy a country can have . 
  any other approach leads to disaster . 
  at this rate i 'm secretly hoping she gets to be president of the commission sometime soon !, 
  wow , did nobody actually brief him on who he was dealing with ? 
  vestager is kind of a badass . 
   ah thanks , glad to know that the only reason spain developed it 's thanks to the handouts . 
  okay , you can stop right there with that shit . 
  i never said that spain ( or any other country actually ) developed * only * thanks to the eu . 
  if you actually tried reading instead of pushing your personal victim complex , you might 've seen that i said that the eu was a big part in the development of `` peripheral '' countries . 
  not that it was the only one . 
  ( and when i say `` they would n't have had half their development without the eu '' it 's a manner of speech . 
  obviously it 's not that simple ) . 
  on fiscal transfers vs funding programs : sure . 
  but fiscal transfers in the case of monetary union is n't the same debate as transfers to offset policies against unfair competition . 
  it 's still idiotic to say that there 's no effective transfers between eu countries , even if they 're not direct fiscal transfers but funding programs . 
  it 's still money that goes to the development of certain eu regions . 
   before anyone starts rambling about lazy southerners stealing his moneys nobody 's rambling about that . 
  nor did i call them `` handouts '' . 
  the eu funding programs are great and i 'm all in favour of them . 
  again , your victim complex is showing . 
   god , i wonder if there 's any country with people more smug than france . 
  saying the eu was pretty important in the development of many european countries is now being smug , okay , got any other idiotic comments based on preconceived notions and not actually reading what people say or will that be all ? 
   you know how to run a company and make loads of money , but you should n't have a million times more political influence than the average voter . 
  in today 's world , saying the magic words `` i 'm a job creator '' is like saying `` i 'm entitled to every fucking privilege there is , bitch '' . 
  that is such a bullshit analysis , sorry . 
  the eu transfers absolutely massive funds to the `` periphery '' to help them build essential infrastructure and development programs . 
  spain , portugal , poland , more recently romania , and yes , ireland , would n't have had half their economic development without the eu cash influx . 
  the fact that you 're actually saying `` the eu should transfer money to the periphery '' , as if it did n't already happen on a really big scale , just shows that you do n't really know what you 're talking about . 
  in fact , this was also one of the brexit arguments , that the eu takes the money from the uk , france and germany to give it to the poorer parts of europe . 
  secondly - the point of the european single market is to create just that , a single market , with rules that apply to all and similar , if not the same , regulations . 
  in such a market , it 's illegal for states to show favouritism to certain companies . 
  striking a deal to pay a minuscule fraction of corporate tax is a blatant case of indirect and illegal state aid if there ever was one . 
  also , apple is sabre-rattling because they do n't want to pay . 
  but honestly , why would they leave ireland ? 
  they still have 12.5 % corporate tax , the lowest in western europe . 
  they want to be in an english speaking eu country and there 's only one of those .
