  the uk was the biggest proponent of maintaining veto rights as they are , and of restricting qualified majority decisions to the minimum . 
  some states have different constitutional rules , and they need the approval of their regions to go through with the deal . 
  it 's not the eu 's place to tell them to do that or not , its their own national constitutional obligation . 
  also , asking every state is n't a good idea ? 
  so should we just ask germany , france and italy and the rest go fuck themselves ? 
  or do we ask no-one and fuck democracy in that case , right ? 
  are you daft ? 
  the eu negotiated a treaty . 
  but its member states have to approve it . 
  the eu is n't a country or a federation of states ... 
  there is a fair chance that whoever is elected will have a very reduced majority , depending on how well the fn does in the legislative elections . 
  not all countries are organised in the same way , you know . 
  regional approval for certain powers and competences is n't unheard of . 
  just like the eu needing the approval of national parliaments for this deal . 
  except their constitution says their central government ca n't do it without its regions . 
  look , i do n't know , as i said , if spain , for example , legally needs the approval of all its regions . 
  anybody who knows spanish constitutional law could help . 
  but if they do , then tough luck , constitutions are meant to be respected . 
  is it required by the german , austrian and spanish constitutions ? 
  i do n't know . 
  but the belgian government needs the approval of its regions in these , as per the belgian constitution . 
  ah yes , airbus and esa , those massive failures . 
  yes , let 's sacrifice our own regulations and protections , not to mention the sovereignty of our national elected parliaments , so canada wo n't be hurt . 
  well yes , the eu and its member states are n't always the same thing . 
  if member states reject ceta , how is it the eu 's fault ? 
  you do realise that the eu is the one that negotiated the agreement and that it 's member states who may torpedo it ? 
  oh , this argument again . 
  opposition to ceta is n't because it 's canada , but because it 's seen as ttip 's trojan horse . 
  i 'm curious , how do these things happen ? 
  and is the man aware that he 's going to have some tough questions ? 
  i 'd stay the fuck away from anything like an ama if i were a politician . 
  the point of an eu army is to no longer depend on nato sometime down the road . 
  the us wants european states to spend more in nato , not to actually become independent of nato . 
  but if westminster does n't agree to recognise it , wo n't it end up like the catalan one ? 
  this is like every single debate on the eu ever . 
  a lot of the stuff looks honestly pretty nice , though !, 
  should have rejected the rome treaty then . 
  if i understand this correctly , the court 's ruling is that the parts of ceta that will be implemented before the national parliaments have voted are all in the competences of the eu , and the parts that reside with national governments will have to wait the parliaments ' vote . 
   by signing ceta , they said , the government can only fast-track the deal 's eu-wide provisions . 
  areas of national responsibility - such as intellectual property , maritime transport and commercial arbitration - must await parliamentary approval . 
   a new investment court system ( ics ) - one of the most controversial issues - can not be set up until ceta is ratified by all eu parliaments , they said . 
  interesting as well . 
  obviously we 'll never get a referendum over this , but oh well . 
  are you fucking joking ? 
  your first answer to this was `` he was not convicted for saying this , he was convicted for saying the nazis and soviets collaborated in the invasion of poland '' . 
  just the secret protocol to the molotov-ribbentrop pact disproves the idea that they did n't , and then i tossed in a few other examples of extremely close collaboration between nazi germany and the soviet union for good measure . 
  also , i love the `` russia did n't invade poland , the soviet union did '' ( you contradict that point later on , by the way ) . 
  everybody can play at this game . 
  `` the french republic never deported any jews , vichy france did '' `` italy never invaded greece , that was the fascist regime '' etc. 
  do n't act as if the rsfsr did n't exist , or was n't the most important part of the ussr , by a massive mile . 
   what got him in trouble was pushing the idea that there was cooperation between the nazi 's and the soviets in the invasion of poland secret protocol to the molotov-ribbentrop pact german-soviet credit and commercial agreements soviet supplies of raw materials to germany , right uptil 1941 ( some of the last shipments of rubber reached germany just a few hours before the invasion began ! ), 
  german military commanders present at may day parades , even on may day 1941 , a few weeks before operation barbarossa !, 
  stalin 's refusal to believe sorge 's spy reports about an imminent german invasion ... 
  mate , nice rebuttal and all , but really next time try to not include :  snickers salad : snickers bars , apples , whipped cream , and pudding . 
  they often say the eu builds itself from crisis and not goodwill . 
  meh , what about [ europe 's hottest fascist ] ( https://www.google.fr/search?q=marion+mar%c3%a9chal+le+pen&amp;client=firefox-b&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewi-zqop39xpahwc5rokhudwbmkq_auicsgc&amp;biw=1543&amp;bih=776 ) ? 
  always a huge pleasure to pillage venice when playing as byzantium in medieval ii total war . 
   or how the islamic golden age in the 1200s , often attributed to arabs , was in reality persians . 
  true , most of them were persians , but they did write a lot in arabic and the arab rulers of the time helped build the framework that made the golden age possible ( like the famous house of wisdom , etc. 
  oh sure , we should n't forget that this affected only a small part of society , but it did exist . 
  not exactly topless , but [ back when laetitia casta modelled marianne ... ] ( http://static.ladepeche.fr/content/media/image/zoom/2011/04/01/photo-1301672759355-1-0.jpg ), 
  we have this weird idea about ancient civilisations - that they were all just blocs independent of one another . 
  but no , they had contacts , they had exchanges , and there was the power of trade . 
  chinese silk bankrupting the roman treasury , china calling rome the `` daqin '' , an equivalent at the other end of the world , indian sages influencing greek philosophy via alexander 's conquests , the emperor of india chandragupta maurya well known in greco-roman circles as sandrokottos , rings with `` allah '' written in arabic found in viking tombs ... 
  ah yes , nothing shows the festive atmosphere of the world cup as going to a hotel lobby to have a 15 $ pint of beer . 
  world cups and olympics have been played in fascist regimes and inhuman dicatorships before , so yeah ... 
  run down ? 
  that 's the swanky downtown area !, 
  i never thought of australian cities and suburbs as ugly , i never really explored via google streetview . 
  i did see that documentary about richie benaud and the city his house was in seemed really nice . 
  [ let me introduce you to roubaix then . 
  ] ( http://cdn-lejdd.ladmedia.fr/var/lejdd/storage/images/media/images/roubaix12/12006526-1-fre-fr/roubaix1.jpg ), 
  good , good , good . 
  the world cup in qatar is , in the words of noted philosopher and activist didier drogba , `` a fucking disgrace '' . 
  it has the `` ople '' suffix which comes from the greek `` polis '' . 
  well , you kinda were , with alexander 's empire , the diadochoi ( i ? 
  ) , the byzantines , even the ottomans . 
  if i 'm not mistaken mustafa kemal was pretty influenced by the jacobins . 
  also for a long time you guys were our bros in hardcore secularism . 
  [ also , this . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franco-ottoman_alliance ) union of the lily and the crescent stronk !, 
  thing is , you can say that for any world power , and then we 'd be stuck . 
  fuck , just let canada run the world . 
  sometimes you 're with someone and sometimes you do n't want to be with them anymore but you do n't want to leave them either so you go look for something else . 
  it 's just that . 
  sure it 's very unpleasant for the person being `` cheated '' , but it 's not a heinous crime either . 
  that `` commitment / full support '' never sounded genuine to me . 
  we can only commit to an extent - we ca n't always give 100 % . 
  and it 's okay if you ca n't commit to one person ( just do n't expect them to commit to you 100 % either ) . 
   really , the penal code is not part of the constitution ? 
  just like any other country ever ? 
  nope , it 's not . 
  are you not aware of the hierarchy of legal norms ? 
  the constitution ( or rather , the constitutional bloc ) is composed of the declaration of the rights of man and the citizen of 1789 , the preamble to the constitution of 1946 , the articles of the constitution of 1958 and the charter for the environment of 2004 . 
  the penal code is n't a constitutional text . 
   but , article 411 is not just some major lines without precise information , so let 's actually look it up . 
  ( nonetheless i 'm really happy to see you say that cahuzac did not give false information and contredict yourself a few moments later ... anyhow ) huh ? 
  did you actually read the articles ? 
  it specifically talks about `` spreading false information to a foreign power or foreign company '' , and specifically with the aim of `` harming the fundamental interests of the nation '' . 
  cahuzac did n't give false information to the benefit of foreign powers or companies , but for his own gain .
