  she gets shit for libya , but honestly libya is more of a franco-british fuck-up than anything else . 
  erm ... so what you 're saying is that trump just wants to bomb the shit out of the middle east , then leave asap without doing anything ? 
  you do realise that 's the best way for another isis some years down the line , right ? 
   so far , he has done nothing what indicates that he is one . 
  you mean , despite saying he supports torture , executing whole families of people connected with terrorism and `` bombing isis in the ground and taking their oil '' ? 
   france will not talk nor will it negociate with any government using or supporting countries that use terrorism , whatever the target is ( us , europe , israel , russia ... ) . 
  in this matter , france will only trust its own secret services and no foreign ones ( let 's remember the us in iraq ) . 
  this is not just dangerous , it is wildly deluded . 
  all secret services are in some form of collaboration over counter-terrorism . 
  no country , even the usa , has strong enough services to operate alone . 
  for someone who screams about making the country safer , this is a massive * connerie * . 
  was n't it all but clear that the fbi would clear her when obama endorsed her ? 
  just a personal anecdote/experience so meaningless , but i have noticed a few people around me , even random people i talk to , being kinda hurt at brexit , in the `` but ... but how could you leave our european family ?! '', 
  way . 
  i wonder if there 's not a kind of attachment not to the eu or its institutions but to the idea of a common european destiny , that 's become ingrained in people at an emotional or even visceral level . 
  fact-cheking websites just do n't work , because nobody trusts them anymore . 
  99 % of the time people will answer `` well that 's because you 're a shill !! '', 
  or `` who cares about your statistics i 'm talking about real life ! '', 
  or whatever bullshit . 
  this is just politics . 
  jupp\u00e9 has an image of being `` soft '' , compared to sarkozy 's hardline right-wing rhetoric , so he 's just being opportunistic to look tough . 
  in reality , he has no intention to end the touquet agreement . 
  generous maternity and paternity leaves , tax credits for families ( like , here , income tax does n't apply to individuals but to `` households '' , with a rebate according to the number of children you have ) , more benefits for large families , more publicly-funded nurseries , better childcare , more school-related activities and tackling workplace discrimination ( in the `` i do n't want to hire a woman in her late 20 's or early 30 's because she 's going to get pregnant soon '' sense ) . 
  easier said than done though . 
  hah , no , more like general polls on the most unpopular people . 
  schumacher is generally top of the poll or at least the top german person . 
  germans are surprised how often this comes up , but remember that according to many polls , schumacher is the most hated german here , by a long margin . 
  lilian thuram sends his regards !, 
  til thinking that bombing the middle east until the sand glows is n't a viable solution = converting to islam . 
  yeah , we should definitely do a global war against terrorism . 
  it worked so well last time . 
  i mean federation in the largest sense possible , not the legal definition . 
  the idea is that to create a federation , you need a strong core state that will `` unify '' the rest ( by force or other means ) . 
  i mean , historically , in europe at least , there 's no question about it . 
  germany was built from prussia eating up its neighbours , italy 's unification was mostly done by the kingdom of piedmont , spain by the kingdom of castille and aragon , france by \u00cele-de-france , etc. 
  so what he was saying is that there would n't be a united states of europe without one european country playing that role . 
   de gaulle was against the uk , because off petty nationalism and rivalries at that time . 
  and his economic concerns were more to do with agriculture ( aka protectionism for france ) more the fact that he viewed the uk as the usa 's trojan horse on the continent ~ ~ which , of course , they are n't ~ ~ . 
   i 'm not sure if de gaulle knew all along from its original conception , that it would end up as a transfer of political powers & sovereignty to a supranational state . 
  he did . 
  everybody ( except the british , apparently ) was aware that that was the point of the european project . 
  ( even before that , the idea of a united states of europe , that would begin with trade agreements , was very much in the public debate in the interwar years ) . 
  however , he did n't think it was feasible for a united europe to ever emerge ( in his own words , `` there can not be a federation without a federating state '' ) . 
  true , but generally it 's unemployment benefits people moan about . 
  just a guy who was - already - prime minister in 1995 , caused the biggest protests since 1968 and brought the country to a halt , was convicted of fraud and had to fuck off to canada in political exile and now looks like a saint because of a major shitshow between other conservatives . 
   do you know any polls on how much support le pen currently has ? 
  polls place her in first place in the first turn with anything like 20 to 25 % of the vote . 
  then again , i do n't trust polling this far out . 
  but previous electoral results suggest this . 
  the fact that very , very , very few fn candidates have managed to win majorities in the 2nd turn of an election also suggests that there 's still a majority of people who do n't want them in power . 
   so you expect the french far-right to become stronger and stronger ? 
  obviously the situation is quite different but in germany but our far-right has pretty much stagnated and already started losing support again . 
  well , look at it this way . 
  hollande is the most unpopular president in history . 
  and even with the economy finally looking better , the anger is such that nobody cares about 1.2 % growth or -0.3 % unemployment or whatever . 
  also hollande looks like he 's going to face a primary ( no chance of him losing that one , but still looks pretty bad when your own party is setting up a primary when you 're an incumbent ) . 
  other socialists do n't look any better - valls , once the darling of the polls , is now tainted goods , and has a very nasty authoritarian streak ; macron is a nice , shiny turd , he 's oh-so-modern , nice-looking , young , loved by the media and the elites , but is simply hopeless at connecting with ordinary people ( for our british friends , he 's peak david miliband ) . 
  witness the fact that he , a supposedly left-wing minister , told an unemployed person `` you want a suit like mine , you got ta get to work '' . 
  on the other hand , there 's sarkozy ( who will in all probability be the conservative candidate , i do n't believe for a second that jupp\u00e9 will win the primaries ) . 
  nobody has forgotten how lovely his presidency was , he 's been deep in so many scandals that people have lost count . 
  also , he was the most unpopular president before hollande was . 
  an angry population having the choice between two reviled candidates that were already there since ages ? 
  it 'll hold for 2017 , but it 's not going to end well , unless things really change . 
  basically yeah , that 's what would happen . 
  the main reason the fn gets a lot of votes on the first ballot but does n't win many seats at the end of the day is because left-wing and centrist voters are more comfortable voting for conservatives than letting an fn take the seat . 
  there is n't enough support for marine le pen for her to get 51 % of the vote , for now at least . 
  do n't expect a repeat of 2002 when chirac got 82 % of the vote against jean-marie le pen though . 
  it 'll be closer . 
  marine le pen 's hope is that people really , really hate hollande and sarkozy . 
  i know that if it comes down to sarkozy vs le pen i wo n't be voting . 
  replaced by sarkozy , and that 'll work so well . 
  on a another thread , somebody pointed out that polish people in the uk are schr\u00f6dinger 's immigrants . 
  they manage to take benefits and steal jobs at the same time . 
  hey , look at this guy !, 
  he actually hopes hollande will stand up for something !, 
  our two-turn election system kinda prevents a marine le pen victory in 2017 . 
  he did it before , iirc . 
  wait , wait , i thought the eu was literally the fourth reich and that you guys needed to leave as fast as possible to make great britain great again . 
  what gives , guys ? 
  why would you want to take years and years leaving an organisation that you hate so much ? 
  the fact that the uk may end up * less * independent from the eu as a result of brexit is probably my favourite thing from all this shitshow . 
   if the uk enters the eea , you can be certain it 'll look to beef up it 's role in the eu legislative process . 
  so basically what you 're saying is that the uk wants to be part of a single market with european countries , and also have a say in the way that single market is run . 
  hmm , if only there was a pan-european governing body for something like this that the uk could join ... 
  i 'd rather have boris than marine le pen though . 
  as far as ~ ~ i know ~ ~ google tells me , rajoy only said that scotland would be facing a long process over joining the eu , nothing else . 
  natural order restored . 
  ... after saying he could guarantee it , now he ca n't ? 
  congrats brits , not only are you out of europe but you 've just earned the privilege of having boris fucking johnson as prime minister !, 
  i 'm drinking the fucking champagne , i am !, 
  yeah , i 'm putting the champagne back in the fridge and going to bed . 
  oh fucking hell , they 're going to remain , are n't they ? 
  all that hype for nothing . 
  in some places , yeah , definitely . 
  the latin quarter has become increasingly depressing . 
  because what was a vibrant and lively city will have become an empty museum-town with no life and only the super-rich and wealthy tourists living there , filled with fake 4 star hotels and luxury boutiques , and all the actual people will be parked in bedroom-communities in the far suburbs . 
  though i suppose there 's a fundamental and irreconcilable philosophical difference here , so eh . 
  i ca n't remember the last time i signed a check . 
  probably for university . 
  i wonder how i got my booked ticket seats the other night though , a polish guy on reddit said it did n't exist here .
