  the general ( and legal , i believe ) consensus is that they should take off their religious insignia while at work . 
  - this is of course very related to our anti-religious signs in school laws . 
  funnily enough , here a big part of the left supported those , while elsewhere they would 've all cried islamophobia . 
  fun fact but there was this movie called * cristeros * ( with andy garcia ) about christians resisting the mexican government 's radical secularism sometime in the xixth century . 
  it barely or did n't feature here , and the explanation was that they did n't think enough people would be interested by such a premise so no point . 
  compared to other european countries , i 'd say that we 're culturally more secular than the germans , brits , italians , spanish , etc. 
  and legally more secular than the nordics . 
  as i 've said the only other country that really compares is ataturk 's turkey ( which is n't surprising considering how much influence the jacobins had on him ) . 
  of course there are exceptions , there are religious people and some of them are public about it , and we also have our fair share of religious bigots - see the people who demonstrated against gay marriage ( which was a big surprise to many ) . 
  the foreign legion is probably the most admired and respected of all our military units . 
  or that she 's rallying as many ena graduates around her as she can ( for non-french people , the ena , or ecole nationale d'administration , is one of the top , top schools in the country and churns out high level civil servants and high flying politicians every year . 
  for all intents and purposes , it * is * the political establishment . 
  it 's a bit like eton or the harvard law school if all their students ended up as politicians ) . 
  a presidential election , like most elections in france , is actually two votes . 
  the first vote has all the candidates from each party . 
  the , the two candidates with the highest score face each other in a second round , and the winner of that round ( the guy who gets 50 % +1 of the vote ) wins the election . 
  generally , you 've got a fair chance of making it to the second round with around 20 % of the vote or more . 
  with the amount of support marine le pen is getting , and the repeated 20 % + scores of the fn in various elections ( mayoral , european elections , regional and departmental elections ) , it 's pretty much guaranteed that she 'll be in the second round . 
  what happens then ? 
  well , she 'll face the candidate of another party , most probably the les r\u00e9publicains candidate ( either sarkozy or alain jupp\u00e9 , i 'd say sarkozy though ) . 
  the thing is , marine le pen is gaining support ... but not enough to actually gain 50 % of the vote . 
  remember , even though she 's been gaining a lot , she still does n't have as much support as the `` mainstream '' parties . 
  there 's a fair chance that her opponent will also get the support of centrists , moderate rightists and moderate leftists . 
  a similar thing happened in 2002 when jean-marie le pen got into the secound round , narrowly edging out the socialist lionel jospin . 
  in the 2nd round , his opponent , incumbent president chirac , got a staggering 82 % of the vote as the whole left wing turned up to vote for him to stop le pen from coming into power . 
  will we see such a lopsided vote this time ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  first , it 's not 2002 . 
  the fn has changed , somewhat : jean-marie le pen was a legit racist and antisemite and most people really hated him . 
  marine le pen though has a more modern image , has managed to stay in the `` i 'm not racist but '' camp , and also the situation is much , much worse for people than in 2002 ( do people even remember that we were actually considered economically more sound than germany in 2002 ? ) . 
  also , her opponent , most possibly sarkozy , wo n't be much liked either , so there 's not much of a chance of a very big left-wing turnout . 
  i know that if the second round is between le pen and sarkozy , i probably wo n't vote . 
  so yeah , probably not this time for marine le pen . 
  however : - a bit like trump , she keeps setting the agenda . 
  any and every political debate goes back to the fn . 
  - her ideas are generally making headway everywhere - and the racist card does n't work anymore , because she 's just not as racist as her father . 
  - she 'll continue on her current path : continue building the fn as an anti-establishment brand while actually becoming less and less anti-establishment . 
  i suspect that by 2020-2022 the fn discourse will be pretty much the same as some mainstream conservatives , just with a more fiery rhetoric . 
  edit : fuck , did op just say he would `` work in france '' ? 
  hell of an optimist !, 
  ast\u00e9rix is an absolutely brilliant comic that 's fun for kids but also amazing to read as an adult , full of references to events , cultures , stereotypes . 
  as a kid i read it because if was funny and the romans kept getting whacked . 
  now i sometimes read them and i find new references and puns nearly all the time . 
  tintin was the `` serious '' comic - it had humour , but it dealt a lot with tintin going around the world , uncovering plots , going against corporations and governments , etc. 
  like ast\u00e9rix , there 's a very deep political subtext , and herg\u00e9 was very much inspired by real-world events . 
  even more `` serious '' than tintin are the blake and mortimer comics . 
  i mean , i 've heard americans talk about comics as their own , native mythology . 
  i meant `` defense '' in the strictest sense . 
  of course , when it comes to power projection we do n't have the means for a sustained operation without us logistical support ( at the least ) . 
   tl ; dr : do n't worry , there is no racism in france ; also , stay away from gypsies , they 're all thieving scum . 
  best tl ; dr in a long time . 
  well in terms of defense a lot of the american debate on european defense and nato is moot to us , since we do n't rely on nato for our defense ( same goes with the uk ) . 
  she 's the best troll ever . 
  i generally avoid media figures like her because the hate just fuels them , but holy shit she 's entertaining . 
  the far right has been all but courting the lgbt vote , with the `` teh muslims hate you , vote for us ! '', 
  rhetoric . 
  also a fair number of black people from the caribbean have been french for a much longer time than some white french people . 
  will definitely watch , always down for some adam curtis stuff !, 
  * gun culture * food : obvious . 
  restaurant servings are scary . 
  * the way you see your politicians : it 's amazingly funny how your politicians go out of their way to look folkesy and `` the guy you 'd like to have a beer with '' . 
  like some of these people are legitimately brilliant and they have to talk or dress or do stupid stuff ( like that `` guns bacon '' video of ted cruz , or that obama campaign ad back in 2008 where he was talking some issue while wearing a checkered red shirt and drinking a beer ) . 
  * religion : i find it funny that in the usa , it 's political suicide to admit you do n't believe in god , whereas in europe , being openly religion is political suicide . 
  * puritanism : janet jackson 's nipples , everyone . 
  or that whole thing about eva green 's breasts on the sin city poster ( quick aside : who in their right mind would want to hide eva green 's glorious breasts ?! ), 
  * the philosophy of freedom - to be precise , americans have more of the `` negative freedom concept '' ( freedom is just not being bothered by the government , therefore welfare is bad because you 're dependent on the state ) , europeans have the `` positive freedom '' view ( freedom does n't mean anything if it does n't actually make you more free , hence welfare because you do n't have to worry about healthcare ) . 
  i do n't mean `` negative '' and `` positive '' as `` good or bad '' . 
  * the negative view of government as opposed to corporations : there seems to be this idea that the government will always be evil and look for more power while corporations are just trying to make an honest buck . 
  this is pretty prevalent in discussions about online privacy , many people have told me `` but google is not threatening your freedom and privacy , they 're just a company , not a government '' . 
  basically : 1 . 
  obviously the uk and the rest of europe had very different ideas about the eu . 
  because in the 70s , their twat politicians neglected to tell them that the european project was n't just a free trade agreement , they 've been bitching on every development of a political union . 
  so clearly , there never was much point of having the uk in the eu at that cost . 
  the uk has been a massive block to further eu integration . 
  that block will now be removed . 
  this is a great opportunity . 
  the uk will , apparently , want to stay in the single market . 
  te thing is , staying in the single market without being in the eu is possible ... but you have to comply with eu regulations and contribute to the eu budget without having a say . 
  it 'd be hilarious if the uk ended up * less * independent . 
  i am personnally left-leaning , and one of the biggest problems of the eu was its lack of a true social policy . 
  again , one of the blocks on that was the uk . 
  the uk will now be able to fulfill its true dream and become the 51st state of the united states of america . 
  really , really happy . 
  if you 're talking about christian conservatives like in the usa , yes , there are some , but they 're mainly in a few posh areas ( like versailles ) . 
  but they 're few in number and no-one takes them seriously . 
  they have a party , the christian democrat party , led by christine boutin , who 's generally a figure of fun and ridicule . 
  generally they do n't ask ( or rather do n't dare ask ) for the end of secularism , they just want an end to `` christianophobia '' and are against gay marriage and abortion . 
  lately they 've found a new bugbear , `` gender theory '' . 
  they do n't argue against evolution or science though . 
  sarkozy tried to pander to them in the past , did n't last long though ( and when i say `` pandered '' , he suggested that schoolteachers could n't give the same moral education as clergymen - the backlash was strong enough that he did n't try anything of the sort again ) . 
  basically a bunch of inbred upper-class twats that got lucky in 1793 . 
  not going to defend p\u00e9tain , but you could argue that he also did what seemed best to him , in a pretty shitty situation . 
  at least , that 'd what most people believed at the time . 
  neville chamberlain maybe ? 
  thatcher at least had results . 
  louis xvi was more of a wrong guy for the wrong time , rather than an out and out bad guy . 
  charles ix though , he let himself be manipulated by his mother , catherine of the medici , and directly led to the horrifying saint bartholomew 's massacre of protestants ( when he finally accepted it , he said `` so be it !, 
  kill them , but kill them all !, 
  do n't leave a single one alive to reproach me ! '' ) . 
  charles vi because he was mad and thought he was made of glass .
