  i 'm talking about the fact that small businesses and local stores dying out is a sign of massive gentrification . 
  already many places in paris are losing their identity and their population , replaced by flashy corporate brands and empty appartments occupied by tourists two weeks in the year . 
  meanwhile , parisians are pushed out ever farther in the banlieues . 
  so what if i 'm in favour of public services ? 
  as are a majority of parisians by the way , since the majority of us elected a socialist-green-communist city administration . 
  ... or that money could fund more public services ? 
  uberpop is illegal . 
  uber definitely is n't . 
  were you binge-watching watching fox news or something ? 
  and when all small stores die and local people move out , all we 'll have is appartments for tourists and soulless louis vuitton boutiques . 
  i 'm not sure - you can be `` biased '' as long as you 're coherent and present a good case . 
  i mean , i compare the economist to papers and mags with the same ideological slant in france and it 's laughable . 
  the economist , most of the time at least , presents a good case for liberalism . 
  just as the guardian , for a long time , was biased but presented a good case for social democracy . 
  the economist is pretty serious on a lot of stuff and it was one of the first western publications to take china seriously . 
  a lot of their in-depth articles are pretty good as well . 
  on the other hand , they have a knee-jerk `` liberalisation is the solution to all problems !!! '', 
  mantra . 
  it 's like they put so much effort into being nuanced and in-depth , and then just throw it all out . 
  you could put `` tl ; dr : privatise everything '' for nearly every article . 
  also , even for a british publication , they have a raging hatred for us bordering on francophobia . 
  well of course a brexit vote would be irreversible . 
  the eu is n't just a fanclub you can join and leave for fun and giggles . 
  the earlier cod shooters had * epic * moments in the soviet campaign . 
  the stalingrad assault with [ this incredible music ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tfpz-h0wk68 ) , or the battle of kharkov in united offensive are still my fps highlights . 
  it 's aimed at french people , not at fans coming for the euros . 
  the ads are just jumping on the euro 2016 bandwagon , since everybody 's talking about that . 
  as much as i 'd like to think that we 've been `` independent '' from the cia , i 'm pretty sure that it 's just more secret here than elsewhere . 
  irish fans all chip in and pay greece 's debt . 
  1.8 , which is decent but not 2.1 . 
  guess that 's one of the only `` good '' things the vichy regime left us . 
  somebody 's going to have to pay for pensions . 
  i 'm fully expecting an `` irish fans bring peace to the middle east '' now . 
  the eu army is an political impossibility and anybody who really thinks it should be implemented in the coming years ca n't be taken seriously . 
  if you take the three largest military powers in the eu , their foreign policy and attitude towards the use of military force could n't be more different . 
  a eu peacekeeping force can be possible , but it would be more of a symbolic showing than anything else . 
  right , but how is strong language on reddit `` preventing people from holding certain views '' ? 
  i was n't making an assumption that you 're a brexiter or anything , i was using `` you '' in a general sense . 
  sorry about that . 
  and no , it 's not the same sentiment . 
  strongly disagreeing with somebody , to the point of calling them names , is n't against any `` principles of freedom and democracy '' . 
   ian botham , ex - ~ ~ cricketer ~ ~ penis-flasher ftfy, 
   eu laws trumping national laws ... not my cup of tea . 
  that 's just a basic principle of any international law . 
  if you do n't want international laws trumping national laws , it 's time to cancel all treaties , leave the eu , un , who , wto and whatever else . 
   the least you could do is allow people you disagree with to share their views without being attacked , is n't that one of the main principles of freedom and democracy ? 
  it 's not . 
  a main principle of freedom and democracy is to not be attacked physically for your views , or your views not being suppressed . 
  it does not protect you from anything else . 
  you 're free to think brexit will make britain great again , just as anybody else is free to call you a loony for expressing that view . 
  it 's impolite , but not undemocratic . 
  iirc french attacks on american shipping and the xyz affair , where three french diplomats asked for bribes from the usa . 
  there was the quasi-war in 1800 though . 
  on the military side of things , definitely the uk , and more recently us - fr cooperation is at an all-time high ( so much so that ever since the uk parliament refused military intervention in syria , the usa has been more keen to work with france . 
  hence all the bullshit they just remembered about `` oldest ally '' and stuff ) . 
  for everything else , germany . 
  ( of course , the real answer is : * la france n ' a pas d'amis , elle n ' a que des int\u00e9r\u00eats . 
  erm , battlefield games are n't much about personal experiences , unless you count the solo campaign , which is generally 3 hours long , tops . 
  does n't apply , since battlefield 1 is n't going for `` telling the story of non-participants and/or alternate viewpoints '' , since the british and germans are in there . 
   you ca n't have an american civil war game without americans and you ca n't have a wwi on the western front without the french or the british/commonwealth . 
  that 's also a fact . 
  `` it 'll be in the dlc , what 's the problem ? '' . 
  fuck that . 
  fair point !, 
  though , as i 've said , the decisive allied victory that marked the end of the spring offensive was the ( mainly french ) second battle of the marne , and the first victory of the final allied offensive was the battle of amiens , which also had substantial french troops ( though not as much as british ) . 
  though one could argue that foch 's role was also a factor . 
  [ as usual , relevant xkcd !, 
  pretty sure a game about the american revolution with only the french and the british with the americans as dlc would cause a shitstorm in the usa . 
  yes , tell me more about how the british , who had 1.8 million men compared to 2.6 million in the french army during the hundred days offensive , were the driving force in 1918 . 
  the battle of amiens was with 19 british divisions and 12 french ones . 
  ( not shitting at all on the british , do n't get me wrong . 
  really , that 's not at all what i 'm saying . 
  the british were fucking essential in 1918 - and 1917 , 1916 , 1915 and 1914 !, 
  but holy hell are people ignorant about the great war - also not targeting you specifically , just general frustration at stuff i 'm reading on reddit ) . 
  the 1917 mutinies did not happen to the whole army . 
  the french army was still very much the driving force , with the decisive battle of the war in 1918 ( 2nd battle of the marne ) with mainly french troops . 
  the supreme commander of the allied forces was ferdinand foch , a french guy . 
  also the harlem hellfighters fought with the french army , with french equipment and officers . 
  they were the first americans to be decorated with the highest french military honours , and did n't experience any segregation . 
  meanwhile , when they went back home they were largely shunned and ignored . 
  basically fuck ea and fuck dice . 
  * jean-marc ayrault intensifies *, 
  debt is not a problem if it 's for sound investment . 
  obviously excessive debt is bad , and national debt created not to pay for investment but to pay for the basics ( civil servants ' salaries etc. ), 
  is unhealthy . 
  but you do n't gain much by having a dogmatic `` eewwww debt is baaaaad '' attitude . 
  yeah , at least germany 's a good team . 
  as long as neither england or germany win , i 'm fine . 
  not that i 've anything against them , but seeing them win here would sting . 
  you played pretty ok in 2008 though , came within an inch of beating italy what with that missed mutu penalty . 
  is n't it a sort of `` well , under franco the streets were clean and the trains would run on time ? '' . 
  you hear a bit of that in italy about mussolini too . 
  sure . 
  russia did n't start the fn or afd . 
  but it is trying to kindle that fire . 
  yes . 
  exactly . 
  as we 've seen time and again in the us elections , trump is a thin-skinned narcissist who thinks clever nicknames are a good retort . 
  putin would walk all over him , just like you said . 
  ah , the ol' `` freedom of the press = freedom to agree with me '' .
