  but people are assholes and will do shit like this . 
   you had a choice , pointing out to poeople how wrong it is to share things without consent and hoe wrong it is to shame people after someone else violated their privacy . 
  you choose to point out the obvious thing like ` never share private things in particular if you are a woman , that was your choice not mine . 
  the fact that i said that i believe we should be wary of sharing sexy content of ourselves because it might end up online somewhere does n't mean that i do n't believe that the people who do it are assholes . 
  in fact , that 's exactly what i called them . 
  `` in particular if you are a woman '' , yes , because women are much more affected than men by this sort of thing . 
   i hope you understand to what kind of dilemma such views are leading : you can not trust people to not rape you , so you have to deny them any possibility of doing so . 
  you can not trust people to not stealing from you , so you have to deny any possibility of getting robbed . 
  that means you are putting the responsibility on the person that has not done anything wrong . 
  being dressed in a certain way , having money or sharing something is never an invitation or a consent of violating a persons rights and this whole situation would have turned out different , if our societies would learn to shame criminals and shame people who ignore privacy and shaming of victims . 
  i do n't believe i was victim-blaming . 
  obviously the poor girl that committed suicide did nothing wrong and her boyfriend and friends should be punished . 
  responsibility is entirely on them . 
  i would never tell anybody `` if only you had done/not done xxx this would never have happened '' . 
  that does n't cancel out the fact that it may be risky sending pics or videos to people and it 's best if you do it when you trust the person will respect your privacy . 
   this whole situation would have turned out different , if our societies would learn to shame criminals and shame people who ignore privacy and shaming of victims . 
  that is a valid point , and beyond the people responsible for leaking the video , there are all those that made fun of her . 
  i 100 % agree with you that the real problem is there . 
  however , i still do n't get how this contradicts basic advice about privacy today . 
  again , i do n't give a flying fuck about nudity and sexy pics and women doing what they like . 
  it 's all good . 
  but personally i 've never sent , and will never send , any pics of me to a boyfriend or girlfriend . 
  if other people want to do differently , then that 's fine too . 
  i do n't like the risk . 
  because women are , as i understand it , disproportionately affected by this sort of leaking of sex tapes or pictures ( revenge porn is a great example . 
  or the fappening , by the way ... ) . 
  got any more strawmen there ? 
  i never said anything like that . 
  i have no personal problem with anything people do , and i 'm pretty much in favour of very strong punishment for the kind of people would violate somebody 's privacy . 
  what i did say , and mean , is that you ca n't trust people to respect your privacy , so you have to deny them the possibility of doing you any harm . 
  of course if you 're with somebody you trust , go ahead and do all the sex tapes and dick and boob pics you want , it 's all cool . 
  true , even the ones that self-destruct really fast give a few seconds , more than enough time to make a quick screenshot . 
  self-destruct messaging is still better than permanent messaging though , for people who are really into that sort of thing . 
  cautionary tale - never , ever , * ever * send any picture or video of yourself to anybody that you do n't want other people to see . 
  especially if you 're a woman . 
  for every decent person that 'll respect your privacy , there are tons of assholes who 'll post that stuff online ( out of perversity , out of spite because you broke up , anything really ) . 
  ( and if you really want to send hot pics , use self-destructing messages !, 
  so why did only apple ( and possibly a few other ) companies take advantage of it ? 
  do other companies like paying more tax ? 
  the thing i prefer about vestager is how she absolutely refuses to meet any lobbyists and only talks to those in charge . 
  that 's how you get shit done . 
  as someone who had the misfortune of being an idiot and working for a bit in lobbying and public affairs , they are , by and large , self-important slimy assholes and complete parasites and politicians should n't be afraid of telling them to fuck off . 
  it is absolutely europe 's business when governments give unfair business advantages to certain corporations . 
  free and fair competition is a core principle of the eu and one of its most powerful tools . 
  this is n't about taxation , it 's about state aid . 
  some people think she 's incompetent because obviously holding multinational corporations accountable and asking them to do horrible stuff like respecting the law is absolute communism and will drive out the job creators ^ tm . 
  oh enough of this bullshit . 
  apple will not leave ireland . 
  * apple will not leave ireland . 
  * apple , like all silicon valley companies , wants three things : an english-speaking country , in the eu , with a very friendly corporate tax environment . 
  only one country fits the bill . 
  ireland . 
  do you think apple 's going to leave ireland 's cozy 12.5 % corporate tax rate for the 30 % ( ? ), 
  of germany and the 33 % of france ? 
  nope , they wo n't . 
  will they leave europe entirely ? 
  yes , i 'm sure they 'll abandon all representation in one of their main markets . 
  this jobs-blackmail has to end . 
   i totally do n't think why can not we assume consent on a photo that is not embarrassing . 
  who judges what is embarrassing ? 
  assuming consent is n't often a good idea . 
   that is the point of social media . 
  does n't mean we have to abandon all conceptions of privacy . 
   by allowing this stupidity to grow you are going to create laws where you are not allowed to share pictures/videos of others without permission well , you 're not allowed to share pictures/videos of private individuals without their consent , or at at least required to remove them if the person in question requests it . 
  it 's called the right to your image . 
  and since laws are n't completely black or white , this applies only within reason ( for example not applying to individuals in large crowds , to people in a public appearance such as a speech , or to certain public figures ) . 
   and then it is going to get used for real censorship . 
  ah yes , censorship , the great bogeyman whenever privacy is demanded . 
  good thing when words are so overused they lose meaning . 
  censorship is when a public authority forbids the publication of content ( photos , videos , films , texts , etc. ), 
  for whatever reason ( public morality , nudity , political repression , etc. ) . 
  a private individual who requests people to remove photos of him they might have on social media is not censorship . 
  do you seriously not see the difference between showing a physical copy of a picture to close relatives and sharing a reproductible digital copy with 700 people , each of whom can also use that picture ? 
  what you 're saying has absolutely fuck all to do with the article . 
  this is a case where parents took hundreds of pics of their kid and put them on facebook . 
  the kid , turned 18 , asks them to remove those pictures , as is her right , since , you know , you have a legal right to the use of your own image . 
  the parents refuse . 
  the government 's not doing anything . 
  more like 500 pictures of her `` at all stages of her life '' , shared with 700 contacts ( and possibly more since a lot of people do n't protect their facebook accounts ) . 
  and when she asked them to remove the pictures , they refused . 
  this is definitely a big breach of privacy and right to your own image . 
  she 's well within her rights here . 
  you might not care about such things and that 's fine but some people do . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , julia gillard in australia faced similar attacks over her childlessness . 
  inferring political morality over personal life choices is one of the most dickish moves you can think of . 
  yes , because your own privacy rights are meaningless , there are starving children in africa after all . 
  mariton . 
  poisson is pretty much a non-factor , and i forgot about nkm , as will the voters , i expect . 
  also forgot about cop\u00e9 , but that 's to preserve my sanity . 
  though when i think about it , nkm is the one i would probably vote for , if i voted in the conservative primaries . 
  macron is just a very shiny turd . 
  he tries to have this very modern rhetoric , but when you scratch the surface you just find very old and very classical liberal ideas . 
  he does n't want a new social pact as he says , or a new way of doing things ; he just wants , like a lot of people of his kind , to go back to the pre-1945 situation . 
  also , he does n't really hide his contempt for working class people very well . 
  yeah , imagine that !, 
  that 'd be like if he made fun of her going to pee , or if he talked about his dick on stage , or if he said `` she got schlonged '' , or if he made fun of a disabled reporter , or if ... 
  `` company that made zyklon b buys company that made agent orange in new bid to create e-corp from mr robot '', 
  fillon , i think the guignols did a harry potter spoof where he was voldemort sometime back . 
  yeah , well , it 's a choice between the french trump , a guy convicted for fraud , voldemort , a jesus lover and a virgin . 
  so , considering he has a pretty fair chance of being re-elected ... any suggestions for a country where i can apply for political asylum ?
