  ( also , `` the last roman '' is just a nickname . 
  the romans had tons of amazing commanders after him , such as heraclius , nicephoros phocas , basil ii ... ) . 
  ( also , i recommend the * the last roman * dlc for * total war : attila * . 
  it really follows belisarius ' journey and has tons of story , his relations with justinian , theodora , antonina , etc. 
  and gives a measure of just how * insane * his effort to retake the west was ) . 
  mate , no need to argue with the bonehead , just tell him what he wants to hear , that foucault is an idiot , philosophy is useless and only science ^ tm is worth anything . 
  come on man , i agree about the derrida part but foucault 's * history of sexuality * and * surveiller et punir * are pretty interesting and not too difficult to read . 
  yeah , it 's one of those quirks from history . 
  as a result , our longest land border is with brazil , the world 's longest domestic flight is from paris to the island of la r\u00e9union , and any eu citizen can move freely to french guiana , right in the amazon jungle , settle there freely and use the euro !, 
  yeah , i did read them . 
  good point about how everything collapses when you only rule through fear . 
  then again , he was replaced by cersei who was utterly incompetent and more interested in her myrish swamp ( 10/10 erotic writing from grrm btw ) . 
  which is why machiavelli , in his really important works like the discourses ( and even a little bit in the prince , if you read between the lines ) , emphasises that the role of a statesman/prince/warlord / whatever is to establish good institutions for the continuation of the state , and to that end he should use all means . 
  after all his ultimate model was augustus , who was ruthless , manipulative , could even be cruel , but established the solid institutions that would allow rome to dominate the world despite often being ruled by idiots . 
  our overseas departments and regions ( french guiana , guadeloupe , martinique , la r\u00e9union , etc. ), 
  are in large majority black people , descendents of african slaves brought there during the slave trade . 
  they gradually began getting rights in the 19th century , right until they became full citizens . 
  well , it mostly comes from a pessimistic view of human nature - men are fickle and generally not totally trustworthy . 
  and love is a volatile and unstable emotion . 
  tywin lannister is also a good example , no ? 
  he made everyone fear him and won the war of five kings and started putting order back in king 's landing ... but he did get himself hated by the wrong people ( well , namely , tyrion ) , and it led him to his death . 
  if tywin had arranged for an `` accident '' to befall tyrion , he 'd have been fine . 
  but yeah , too many people think being machiavellian is just being a nasty bastard or even a bloodthirsty tyrant . 
  really is n't the case . 
  what is true is that machiavelli is an uber-realist , and acknowledges that some situations do require horrible stuff to be done , but only because not doing it will cause even worse bloodshed in the future . 
  and people keep forgetting that right before the `` better to be feared than loved '' , he says `` it 's even better to be feared and loved '' , and right after he says `` but you should never be hated '' . 
  also , * the prince * really is n't as interesting as the * discourses * . 
  none of his proposals imply anything about eroding civil liberties for the sake of safety . 
  le pen , on the other hand , wants to lock away all suspects preventively , which * is * a big erosion of civil liberties and a threat to the rule of law , judicial process , etc. 
  how is any of that a police state ? 
  and how can you ask on the one hand for strong measures against terrorism then criticise proposed strong measures ? 
  must have missed the part where he proposes the recruitment of 10 000 policemen and gendarmes - the right reduced their numbers when they were in power btw - , increasing and reinforcing territorial and local intelligence , reforming intelligence services , and creating a specific government task force with increased means and powers . 
  fucking hell , even * charles fucking de gaulle * could n't get 50 % in the first round , no way in hell will le pen even come close to that . 
  in an election with 11 candidates and 4-5 of them representing major ideological currents , it 's nearly a mathematical impossibility . 
  yup , everyone does , including french polynesia , new caledonia , saint-pierre-et-miquelon , etc. 
   catalan has never been seriously taught at schools , has never been promoted by the state and has never gotten any kind of official recognition . 
  the official language is french . 
  all others can kindly fuck off . 
  and it 's not as if teaching catalan is forbidden . 
  some schools do teach it , but it can never be compulsory , and most importantly , nobody chooses thoses classes because nobody cares . 
  meh , paris is generally pretty left-wing . 
  however , polls in france are n't done in the same way as the us/uk ( specifically , they 're done based on the quota method ) which means that polls do n't get it wrong too often , there are very little outliers , most polls say the same thing . 
  but when they 're wrong , they 're all wrong . 
  that was the point all along . 
  and all those changes were agreed and approved by the peoples of europe , nobody forced them . 
  nope as a vast majority of french people want to stay with the euro and the eu . 
  a le pen victory would n't change that . 
  as a parallel : the snp in scotland keep winning landslides , yet scotland voted against independence . 
  i can confirm , i just came back from this week 's riot with pierre . 
  ca n't wait for the next one !, 
  we took in barely 20 000 refugees , if that . 
  he 's overestimated in the polls right now . 
  the us position on the eu has always been the same : let it be strong enough to be a viable ally and a good market for us goods , never let it become strong and united enough to become a rival . 
  i 'm not a socialist . 
  if anything i believe we need a new labour code that 's adapted to the reality of jobs today . 
  for example , the * accord national interprofessionnel * that was voted in 2013 and the el khomri law or at least parts of it are going in the right direction ( ca n't translate it in english but stuff like `` portabilit\u00e9 des droits '' and `` protecting a person not a contract '' principle ) . 
  but i 'm against any form of `` reform '' and `` modernisation '' that just means cutting everything . 
  we need new forms of worker rights , not abandoning worker rights or treating them as an unfortunate irritant . 
  he said there 'd be sens commun ministers today . 
  um no , i do n't care much about `` islamophobia '' . 
  i firmly believe in secularism . 
  what i am saying is that sens commun gets a pass , even though if a muslim equivalent existed , everybody would be ( rightly so ) outraged . 
   sweden cut their civil servants to 1.7 millions to 1.3 millions in the 90s and it is proportionally more than what proposes fillon . 
  again , i did n't know we had to copy sweden . 
   he never said he would privatise social security . 
  it said he wants less public for the acute care . 
  the model is the netherlands . 
  in canada the health is less public too . 
  these countries have better health results than us . 
  his proposal was restricting universal healthcare for long-term illnesses and private insurance for the rest . 
  in effect , that 's the end of social security . 
  of course , he flip-flopped on that . 
  canada and the netherlands ' have better health results , but that 's not linked to social security but individual behaviours ( smoking , drinking , etc. ) . 
  it 's the * mortalit\u00e9 \u00e9vitable * . 
   the 2007 rgpp had a detrimental effect on public services ? 
  to bad there were 5.2 millions public servants in 2007 and 5.65 millions today . 
  look at the data . 
  well , first off , it was overturned , second the socialist government had its own policies , and finally have you considered the amount of civil servants also grows because the population in general has grown since 2007 ? 
  i 'll be voting macron because i do think we need reform , not wholesale class warfare . 
  sens commun are not moderates . 
  if there was anything like a muslim sens commun people would be screeching about radicalisation and fundamentalism . 
  double standard much ? 
   honestly france has a very high tax rate quite close to that of scandinavian countries actually . 
   and very stringent labor regulations which is an important reason why the unemployment rate is stuck so high - especially among youths . 
  ah yes , the old `` unemployment goes down if people have less rights and are easier to fire '' . 
   there is a large unproductive and costly public sector , reforming it is one thing , tearing it to shreds is another . 
  also `` unproductive '' remains to be proved . 
   35 hour work week ( standard here is 40 ) , it 's a legal standard , in reality the average number of hours worked is on par with germany iirc . 
   the pension age is a couple of years younger than here too did n't know we had to do everything like sweden . 
   and overall the economic environment is n't exactly business friendly . 
  well , i 'd agree partly on this . 
  except i do n't think i 'd be ready to do away with rights and public services just for business environment . 
  laissez-faire is not really in our culture . 
  i imagine there are ways of creating a healthy business environment without sacrificing . 
   there is a lot of human capital and overall economic potential in france , especially paris could easily rival london in terms of economic influence and foreign investment but so far i believe the city is punching below it 's weight . 
  la d\u00e9fense is actually the richest business district in europe ...  fillion is corrupt and i do n't like him that much as a politician but if he got the chance to institute his reforms i believe that would free up a lot of the latent potential in france and put the country on an upwards trend producing a lot more wealth long-term than it otherwise would have . 
  more like putting us on the road of less public services , more inequality , and more gifts for fillon and the right wing 's corporate friends . 
  500 000 civil servants is mind-boggingly immense . 
  that will disrupt how government works in a big way . 
  already the 2007 rgpp had a detrimental effect on public services .
