  do you really think apple and the others will move to france ( 33 % corporate tax ! ), 
  or germany ( not sure of the exact figure but it 's in the twenties ) instead of 12.5 % ireland ? 
  the whataboutism whenever wikileaks is mentioned is really funny . 
  assange being a general dickhead aside , every single time we have this `` so wikileaks thinks we 're doing bad stuff , but what about russia ??!!! '' . 
  that 's not the point , is it ? 
  i do n't care about russia , i do care when my own government or western governments do stupid shit . 
   overall eu does n't really care about tax dodging . 
  more like the eu does n't have any real fiscal power . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to say that it 's the eu that enables big corporations to move to ireland and luxembourg . 
  corporations like apple want a piece of the eu pie , and some countries saw that cutting corporate tax would be the best way to get them there . 
  in this respect , it 's a lack of fiscal convergence between eu countries that 's at fault . 
  i have to partly agree with your second point . 
  the data transfer agreements are a joke , and ttip looks like it 's going nowhere . 
  however , i 'll still say that it 's still marginally better than without the eu ( we would n't even have had the suspension of safe harbour without the eu ) . 
  also , when the eu does find its balls it 's pretty nice . 
  the one point that europeans should always remember when talking about eu-usa relations is that the usa is not pro-europe or anti-europe . 
  it wants a europe that 's strong and united enough to be a valuable ally , as well as a great big open market , but not to the point where it could become a rival . 
  which is why us policy towards the eu has fluctuated a great deal over the years , depending on the situation . 
   there 's no real way for the company to realistically assess risk very well . 
  there is . 
  having a competent legal team that can realise that offering a fraction of corporate tax to a company while others pay 12.5 % is a staggering break of eu regulations . 
  at this rate , even an intern could think `` hey , there 's something fishy here '' . 
  but apple is fucking over the usa as well , by saying `` well , because we have to pay extra in europe , please deduct this from our us taxes '' . 
  it 's not the eu 's fault the usa is unwilling to call out this bullshit . 
  apple is basically being mona lisa saperstein from parks and rec and whining `` money pleeaaaaaaase '' to the usa . 
  there 's a lot of stuff to be said about trotsky as well - when you look into his writings and thoughts , there 's a fair argument that he would 've been worse than stalin . 
  mao 's appeal lay in the huge transformations he started , and his very peculiar brand of communism ( extremely authoritarian and oppressive even by stalinist standards , but spinned to look very grassroots-like , even somewhat libertarian sometimes ) . 
  `` just put it in the container marked `` coke '' , jos\u00e9 , you ca n't go wrong '', 
  maoists have ended up in the weirdest places . 
  also generally being a maoist is plain weird . 
  i can get people being communists or trotskyists , but maoists ? 
  why even the fuck ? 
  true . 
  but ireland was also apparently doing wrong , by offering apple a very sweet deal , compared to other companies . 
  which breaks about a thousand eu rules on unfair competition . 
  i 'd say politically after brexit they 'll be laying low on sanctions against member countries for a while . 
   it still has the unanimous support of governments . 
  what they say in public is very different than what is said in private . 
  while there always is wiggle room between a public and a private expression , and governments often use nuanced language like `` as it stands * now * we ca n't support it ... '' , hollande has said in quite clear terms that he was asking for negotiations to end . 
  i do n't think you can say that there 's unanimity anymore . 
   a supremacy clause situation is being set here where eu law supersedes the law of individual member nations . 
  erm , this has more or less always been the case . 
  and is a well accepted fact in public law . 
  firstly because in legal theory , treaties are superior to national laws . 
  secondly because of european court of justice jurisprudence from the 1960s , most notably the costa v. enel case in 1963 ( ? ) . 
  thirdly because this is set in most european countries ' constitutions . 
  in areas where the eu has competency to legislate , its legislation imposes itself to member countries , either directly , in the case of regulations , or indirectly , in the case of directives ( in which case the member countries have to vote a specific law implementing the directive in their national legislation ) . 
   he warned u.s. taxpayers `` could wind up eventually footing the bill . '', 
   that could happen , he said , if the companies are forced to pay extra tax to the eu and then claim that spending as a deduction on their u.s. taxes . 
  so because apple has shitty practices on both sides of the atlantic , we should all just put up with it or else the usa will threaten the eu . 
  yeah . 
  lol . 
  bring it on . 
  incidentally , this shit right here is a direct illustration of the whole `` we need the eu because otherwise european countries individually do n't have the same weight against the usa , china , etc. '', 
  argument . 
  mate , you literally live in skyrim . 
  iceland is near the top in my list of `` places i need to visit or i 'll feel like i 've wasted my life '' . 
  it 's more properly named * les trois glorieuses * , or `` the three glorious ones '' , because the 1830 revolution happened during 3 days . 
  ( btw `` the springtime of peoples '' is still the best name for any revolution , ever ) . 
  yeah , calais ' going to be a political football for some time . 
  combining resentment over brexit and a strong anti-migrant stance is a win . 
  well , not an islamic one anyway . 
  i think he does , and i think he 'll win . 
  berec is the grouping of all eu countries ' electric communications regulators , so yeah , it 's not just empty guidelines . 
  well , in terms of culture , all countries are special snowflakes . 
  in more practical terms , it refers to our cultural policy ( with a ministry of culture , large support to artists , big public investment in museums , festivals , and the like , and of course quotas in music and cinema ) . 
  which costs money ( not that much when compared to the benefits ) and has worked very well for the cultural sector . 
  we 're not the only country that does it , by the way , south korea has a similar policy iirc , and it has helped them create a golden generation for their cinema . 
  without it , our cinema would die and it would hurt the culture scene a great deal . 
  protecting farmers is basically protecting them from suffering from harsh competition . 
  farmers have very strong unions and an incredible capacity for militancy , and the sector is pretty important in the economy , so yeah . 
  [ yeah , that 's exactly what i said . 
  ] ( http://wp.production.patheos.com/blogs/daylightatheism/files/2014/01/strawman2.jpg ), 
  well , i did n't say it was good ... 
  which is why i preferred keeping the ban in schools and public administrations and leaving it at that . 
  well , what the leaks , sigmar gabriel 's comments , and this new declaration from the trade minister and later from hollande , show is that the negotiations are going nowhere . 
  the usa has a functioning health system . 
  lybia does n't exactly have the means to have an efficient coastguard right now . 
  if i drive drunk , which is stupid , and have a car accident , i should n't be saved ? 
  ah , just sinking the ships but no shooting . 
  how generous of you . 
  kippahs are already banned in public schools , as the ban is about all religious symbols . 
  however , her reasoning that `` since we 're banning niqabs , we should ban kippahs '' is stupid , since we 're not banning `` niqabs '' but covering your face in public . 
  does n't really equate . 
  there was a certain evening in july where you guys were * really * noticeable !, 
  oh , it 's not just about them lying or being corrupt or answering to special interests ( although the massive amount of lobbying in the eu will have to be addressed someday ) . 
  there 's the fact that i do n't really trust them to make a `` good '' deal ( if such a thing is possible with ttip ) , especially when against the usa . 
  eu negotiating in other matters ( safe harbour and after that privacy shield ) really does n't inspire confidence either . 
  it 'll probably be the death knell for what remains of our industry and will hit the farmers really hard . 
  pro-ttip people will brush this off by saying `` well , of course those who could n't stay competitive will suffer but tough shit , you losers '' . 
  then they 'll cry about rising populism . 
  yeah , ttip gets all the attention , but nobody ever talks about ceta because canada is supposed to be the nice guy . 
  but it 's the dress rehearsal for ttip in many ways . 
  again , that 's only if you trust the ec on this . 
  i certainly do n't . 
  nobody does . 
   how exactly do farmers lose here ? 
  because of us competition . 
   and the food safety standards . 
  us and europe already trade in food by huge quantities .
