  will there be a `` head turning '' mechanic in the game like arma and dayz ? 
  i have n't listened to pka in a couple years . 
  i listened to this one because i am a big yms fan . 
  are the youtube comments usually so hostile towards the guests ? 
  seems that everyone is calling adam a faggot , hippy and monotone . 
  the trials series has not been indie for a number of years . 
  ubisoft is the publisher for god sakes . 
  i think the exclamation mark in op 's title implies excitement . 
  i have that case !, 
  yeah man . 
  i believe he will be playing blitzkrieg bop in no time . 
  there are schools in this game ? 
  how did you start going on it ? 
  most people only know imgur because it is where most reddit posters host their images . 
  i think thats where luna park puts all the dead bodies . 
  i have to agree . 
  fingers crossed for the rest of the album . 
  there are 29 countries where french is the national language . 
  but there are also many other francophone nations !, 
  it is like she/he is trying to create discrimination . 
  wuts da 1st song , m9 ?!, 
  has epic wubs, 
  i thought the title was ironic and i would be an energetic cat . 
  me too, 
  nope . 
  it 's a repost from ages ago . 
  watching sport is 10 times better when it is live . 
  how do you do that ? 
  [ ] ( #booth ), 
  cool , are there any other like this ? 
  i know right ? 
  the chances of winning a game is probably the same as winning the lottery . 
  man ... i read the title as j-pop star meets iran . 
  unreasonably negative ? 
  this post has 92 % upvotes . 
  the 17/18 year olds ar n't the problem . 
  they are usually mature enough towards young uns . 
  its the 14/15 you have to look out for . 
  `` pissing raining '' is a phrase used almost everywhere , at least in both ireland and australia . 
  and its more of a hyperbole rather than a euphemism . 
  i do n't think you know what a church looks like . 
  just stick with the black market then . 
  i like the prime numbers specifically . 
  except 7 . 
  bit of a bad hair day . 
  but by keeping him in balance defeats his purpose . 
  / r/thomasthedankengine, 
  3ree 2 play m9, 
  thats the thing . 
  my misophonia was so debilitating that i would not hang out with friends or eat dinner with my family . 
  fortunately i got help from a therapist . 
  now i am slightly normal . 
  / r/truemusic, 
  so the civil servant punching numbers into a computer all day should have a go pro on his person ? 
  he probably got down voted because of the facetious nature of his comment . 
  he was trying to point out that the parent comment said `` second from the left '' . 
  when he should/could have just said `` middle '' . 
  holy shit , you 're right dude . 
  my bad . 
  aussies can handle banter . 
  it very much reminds me of the georgian/armenian/azerbaijan region . 
  the black sea on the left and the caspian sea on the top right . 
  what is the best jimmy eat world album should i check out ? 
  the only song i have on my playlist is the middle . 
  fifa, 
  i think i may have this . 
  when i see people from high school in public , i do n't say hello , because i am not 100 % sure they are the right person . 
  even if i still have them on facebook , and see ( fap ) there selfies regularly . 
  do n't dis the don . 
  he is the greatest batmen of all time . 
  i guess in the 3 days his account has been around ... about 1,200 tit pics . 
  as an australian , i accept this man to represents all of us . 
  can anybody give me a quick tl ; dr on the ukrainian situation . 
  i have n't caught up since the crimean annexation . 
  thank you . 
  are the vice ukrainian videos a good source for this conflict . 
  i know they are know for left wing bias , but i watched up to episode 20 of the vice series , and it seemed relatively balanced . 
  20th july ( my birthday ), 
  someone needs to make this a page . 
  / r/biggpuproblems , as a parody of / r/bigdickproblems . 
  true , very true . 
  also i agree that the subreddit would get boring , fast ; just like sex with me . 
  those things can be pretty perspective-resistant , up to 20 \u00b0 ... 
  so we need to see it insane i think , 
  i would not be surprised if many patriots actually misunderstood that song and believed it fit their own world view . 
  eh , if you bought long forgotten songs , you have those songs . 
  as for a collector , op should probably buy it . 
  approaching was funnily enough the song that got me into rise against . 
  i was initially not fond of the fast aggressive style of ra , but the approaching curve kept me interested . 
  every time i listen to it i get goose bumps . 
  what ? 
  when ? 
  how ? 
  we need answers , dammit !, 
  can someone explain the thing about oxford commas ? 
  that second example , without the inclusion of a commas before `` and '' does not create misunderstanding for me , when reading it . 
  this guy is right , it was 0.6 grams . 
  however , that is still next to nothing . 
  also one would receive terrible marks for repetitious tautology . 
  defuq is wrong with america .
