  i already went in on tuesday , and filled out a form . 
  i booked a meeting for tomorrow to finalise my payment method . 
  nice !, 
  $ 15 for nose piecing as appose to others who charge $ 40 . 
  thanks for the suggestion !, 
  yeah , that was a large reason why i purposely avoided anytime fitness ( my closest gym ) . 
  fortunately , i found a gym where there is a no lock in contract !, 
  does anyone have a link to the first set of photos ? 
  can you further elaborate on the risk of using the gun ? 
  wow , i 'll definitely find a place with a needle . 
  thank you for replying !, 
  is this that trans-gendered maoist ? 
  [ i knew it !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ue2m7g_iwse ), 
  different show but still great !, 
  literally the oldest ever . 
  i felt motivated to make this motivational poster based on one of the posters in the background of your comic http://i.imgur.com/j9dupgo.jpg, 
  this was my first attempt at drawing a polandball art work ( the shittiness shows ) . 
  i 'm hoping someone can make a better version that i can print and put next to my desk . 
  ok , no worries . 
  sorry for the inconvenience . 
  does anyone know the original video ? 
  hows does their car get searched without a warrant ? 
  it 's remembrance day in all commonwealth nations . 
  ( technically not in australia and new zealand as it 's 12/11/2014 at the moment ), 
  can i quickly ask , is there a sever browser and are there many australian severs ? 
  the awp 's great power is balanced by it 's cost . 
  additionally , in most circumstances an m4 or ak is a preferable option . 
  typically a team will only carry one awp . 
  that 's implying a person has ever said `` op '' by pronouncing it as a word as a oppose to saying the letters individually . 
  x-post from / r/deepintoyoutube, 
  but at the same time it does n't . 
  in america it 's `` veterans day '' which recognises any type of veteran . 
  the commonwealth it 's `` remembrance day '' in relation to ww1 . 
  at least that what i think what americans celebrate : s. 
  ok , my bad . 
  in australia at least rememberance day we pause at 11:11 am for the armistice . 
  our general veterans day is reserved for anzac day . 
  i think we need to get a petition or some sort of kickstarter going . 
  nba will be run by baby elephants !, 
  dat 3rd core . 
  get right , pasha ( god i hope ) , fiff . 
  it 's a facebook maymay !, 
  do you have a source that he was drag racing ? 
  wales . 
  however , she renounced her uk citizenship as she entered parliament in 1998 . 
  you can get pre-paid debit visa cards from super markets or from the post office ( in australia ) . 
  i would recommend you buy online because you can pick your part selectively and not get ripped off . 
  that really sucks dude . 
  hope you save enough cash to build a pc . 
  if you need advice for building a pc or want to build a budget pc ( which will run almost all games ) check out / r/buildapc . 
  pretty much . 
  dreamhack have established a terrible precedent . 
   everyone in the stadium whent from hating them to loving them, 
  it may be a coincidence that a majority of the crowd had swedish nationality . 
  do n't know if you joking or not , but fnatic literally did cheat . 
  not talking about hacks , but exploited the map to their advantage . 
  even though the decision did favour fnatic , the admins acknowledged that fnatic cheated . 
  do you actually not understand how humour works ? 
  ( even if the vac jokes on this subreddit are overused ), 
  so why are you taking everyones vac maymays literally then ? 
  i think you got the title and the text bar confused lol . 
  the guy on the right some what knows what he is talking about . 
  but , do n't expect amazing analysis from these guys as they do not specialise in e-sports . 
  this kinda of show is for people out of the loop and want general info about what is going on in the videogame , software and computer hardware world . 
  that first one really bugs me . 
  literally has no reason to ever look in that direction . 
  i hope to god he gets vac banned during the next ldcd game . 
  i do n't think there is any internet access , so that probably ca n't happen , though :(, 
  ironically i was going to post the same thing as you op , but i knew many others would do the same . 
  ok , thanks for the answer . 
  i 'll probably delete the thread now . 
  ok , lets play guess the subreddit . 
  my guess is going towards / r/redditarmie, 
  the reason why pasha is so popular is because is an extremely humble person . 
  which is valuable in this community of bitching and arguing . 
  he is a family man , is quite honest to his streamers and every time he gets a huge donation from m2k he stops his game to personally thank him . 
  while many people initially are drawn to him because of his accent , funny diction and hilarious sayings , people realise that he is actually a really cool guy . 
  i agree . 
  i actually stopped listening to the new podcast consistently when they changed the formula . 
  now i get my podcast dosage through rtaa 's and old drunktank podcasts . 
  much much easier to explain rather than `` helping grandma read food . '', 
  do n't feel bad you are now part of the / r/bandsixmasterrace, 
  lol , i did n't even realise they were coming out today until i got the text . 
  i 'm pretty satisfied with 2 band sixes and four band fives . 
  sure !, 
  i was only 2 marks off band 6 in general maths . 
  i got my band sixes of modern history and legal . 
  yeah , i 'm pretty sure i had him as a substitute teacher . 
  i guess if english is your second language , fair enough . 
  if not sham on you . 
  i have the exact head torch on my desk right now !, 
  sorry for being a noob , but how do i watch the demo ? 
  did n't this guy get caught on stream , view botting ? 
  i really appreciate you making and uploading the video , but could you please upload these images on a site like imgur . 
  it makes the viewing process much easier . 
  on a side note these pictures of the armoured trains are amazing . 
  i learn something new about ww1 every day . 
  yeah , you can tell by it being 1v1 and there are a bullet holes on the ground were the t is suppose to stand . 
  do n't read the other thread then .
