   what stopped you from doing so already ? 
  mainly the fact i do n't play as video games that often as i use to . 
  at the moment i play my limit time playing hearthstone or maybe arma 3 for an hour or two a week . 
  yeah fair enough . 
  thats why i have been so hesitant to start playing . 
  i 'll probably wait until my exams are over in a couple months , then i 'll start playing . 
  thanks for your answering !, 
  sorry for ruining your beliefs ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h901kdxghs4, 
  yep , i definitely felt frisson from this video . 
  however , i would n't describe warsaw as a `` town '' . 
  fuck yes !, 
  i ca n't wait to play in the african campaign . 
  in the sas vs rommel , we can only assume we can play as the british . 
  probably a majority of songs from endgame and atr . 
  i do like a couple of songs like this is letting go , re-education through labour and saviour ( a guilty-pleasure ) , but i prefer the sound of old ra so much more . 
  i love the alternative version of swing life away !, 
  nice !, 
  what ever happened to egypt central ? 
  i am so exited for what mods are to come from the make arma not war competition !, 
  amazing !, 
  i also agree to an extent . 
  i think that the first five songs on the disk are fantastic . 
  as sudden life starts , i begin to get bored and only start getting back into the album as people live here starts . 
  english ... project . . ? 
  fair enough . 
  i 'll accept it . 
  also your work is starting to look really good !, 
  how about adam should curl his hair . 
  then then it is an even fight . 
  does anyone know their current song line-up or do they change it every show ? 
  oh shit , sorry we did n't realise . 
  we will immediately cancel the city upgrade project . 
  we hope that you will accept this apology . 
  - bohemia interactive, 
  imagine this with the oculus rift . 
  are you not doing the same ? 
  where is the babyless option ? 
  can confirm . 
  my 4 year old cousin and all his friends play minecraft . 
  illegally though . 
  the international community 's standards . 
  once the moroccan government actually had a referendum which still has n't occurred in over 20 years , then moroccan occupation is considered illegal . 
  why ? 
  i understand not going on 4chan because of the crazy sjw mods and moot completely selling out , but why not 8chan ? 
  holy shit . 
  these are amazing . 
  man , he looked like he could have lead an army and invaded poland . 
  man , if you do n't want to remember the `` immature angsty middle school feelings '' avoid listening to six ways 'till sunday ... or do , it 's an awesome song !, 
  please do make more !, 
  i do n't really know . 
  i 've kind of considered it to be a peripheral , similar to a steering wheels with brakes/gears or maybe a flight joystick . 
  i 'll give you the benefit of the doubt , as i have met people who thought it was `` lunch '' . 
  nsfl means `` not safe for life '' . 
  would n't that only be a factor for countries without compulsory voting ? 
  props to pcmasterrace not upvoting this shit . 
  yeah , he used multiple accounts to upvote himself and downvote others . 
  context : the question is proposed , would you still have sex with your wife if every time you were having sex she would have to make a song ? 
  my biggest guess is that he does n't listen to ra , but just said `` make it stop '' as a random title . 
  yeah , i thought so . 
  dude , you look like slash . 
  so saying `` shit happens '' when talking about the death of a soldier is not considered bad ? 
  thank mr skeltal, 
  he celebrated his team `` winning '' the game . 
  except a goal was scored a minute later , causing his previous celebration to become premature . 
  fucking awesome band . 
  if you like metalcore and the message of ra , then these guys are perfect www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhhjf2cuwyy, 
  brazilian slums need to check their privilege http://puu.sh/chxv4/e6eec94703.png, 
  i think the real question for us with shitty internet : `` is it worth throttling my internet for 16 hours ? '', 
  do n't worry , i have well over 100 hours in arma 3 and strongly recommend anyone to buy it . 
  yeah , it 's really strange . 
  the closest artist to ra in the list are a7x . 
  and that problem is the jew ... 
  you would n't say `` a m16a3 '' , you would say `` an m16a3 '' . 
  using `` an '' and `` a '' depends on whether the pronunciation begins with a vowel or not . 
  if there was gambling i would assume that it would be underground , as it is against sharia . 
  i live in croydon , so jetts sounds pretty good , thanks !, 
  call out duty is known to be one of the few console games to run at 60fps , even on the 360 . 
  because of the the low graphic fidelity , additionally with sub 720p resolution it can easily run 60fps on the consoles . 
  are you serious or being satirical ? 
  ok , well call of duty has been known for its 60fps frame rate . 
  i 'm not sure about cod : 2 , but 100 % from call of duty 4 onwards it has been 60 fps . 
  in terms of facilities and infrastructure australia is no where near 3rd world . 
  i hate to be a typical australian but hdi !, 
  hdi !, 
  hdi !, 
  in all seriousness , maybe is you only look at our broadband speed we can be considered 3rd world . 
  boat people . 
  ( helpless refugees ), 
  yeah , i bet if he told that joke multiple times , there would still be a resoundingly positive response from people hearing it . 
  shadow of mordor was n't a bad port . 
  by the way toothless , i ca n't tell if you are being sarcastic or not . 
  very similar flavour . 
  marmite in my experience is quite running , while vegemite 's texture is like margarine . 
  no , what ? 
  i said texture , not flavour . 
  yeah , that has been one of my options , but $ 60 for only a nose ring sounds a bit steep . 
  reddit and 4chan . 
  getting a gym membership tomorrow , so that should be fun . 
  i do not understand . 
  oh right .
