  it was full of yanks saying it was n't impressive and asking why do n't cricketers just wear gloves . 
  the campaigns had a greater aim assist and the multiplayer ( like 90 % of console shooters ) had a sticky lock aim assist . 
  too big to be an alligator . 
  hmmm ... 
  10/10 better than the original !, 
  watch out for those australians , the shit posting can get pretty bad . 
  source : am australian . 
  it was a red card ... 
  i have n't watched wwe in years . 
  what does everyone mean by `` over '' , what did n't he take advantage of and what is this about him not connecting with the audience ? 
  did n't stop a goal , still got a red . 
  i watched the game . 
  tell that to the ref . 
  i am just clarifiying that the defender was given a red card . 
  that little nod at the end had me in stitches . 
  just thinking about the contrast between the confidence of edge instead the awkwardness of neuer . 
  [ think again ... ] ( http://puu.sh/eg5ad/10be098778.jpg ), 
  burmese basket weaving . 
  i clicked on it for the content . 
  stayed for the aquarium . 
  have you gone on / r/punk ? 
  everyone has boner for it and hates every other album . 
  not overrated by far . 
  never heard of them until last year . 
  i listened to the song nightlife and immediately ordered home . 
  probably my all time favourite album now . 
  it might appear like a bad thing ( but it is n't ) but off with their heads are lyrical depression . 
  its awesome how they can transcend depression so well into a song . 
  turn on the lights ? 
  nsw here and we all had birth date on our id 's since year 7 . 
  what 's the point in id without date of birth ? 
  i wish they would come to australia again . 
  never !, 
  maybe one day, 
  just because they are the same colour does not make them part of the same province . 
  have you looked a map before ? 
  colours are used to signify distinction in neighbouring countries/states . 
  yeah , all my dealings with them have been fine . 
  they once sent me a used cod4 key though . 
  i emailed them about them and sent me a another key the next day . 
  this was 2 years ago , so maybe their business practices have changed . 
  i was there . 
  so fucking gooood . 
  i just sent you a pm . 
  i have been looking employment for a couple months and will be willing to work tomorrow . 
  i live within 50 metres of the hume highway . 
  this guy 's info checks out . 
  the singer of off with their heads has a podcast called anxious and angry . 
  the name of the podcast i believed is named after a lyric in their song [ nightlife ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3xsfcg0nv8 ) . 
  the bay run is great i do it several times a week . 
  try to avoid low tied though as it can get quite smelly around the mangroves . 
  this is very common for real estate agents . 
  a job based on commission will make people do that kind of thing . 
  could you please elaborate on what exactly your app is as well as the scope of work one would expect if hired by you ? 
  i am a student at unsw so i may be able to help you . 
  aboriginal population is only 2.4 % ... 
  sorry , i thought you were commenting on why australia has a high rate of circumcision . 
  i think you mean :, 
  step 1 : realise disk drives are useless, 
  step 2 : go to rockstar.com/activate, 
  step 3 : enter code, 
  step 4 : wait for 60 gigabytes to download, 
  step 5 : continue waiting for it to download ... 
  step 6 : check tomorrow morning to see if it has finished downloading, 
  step 7 : profit . 
  i 'm an australian trying to access the mexican store , for some reason the url keeps redirecting me to the uk store and everything is in pounds . 
  the us store works fine for me though . 
  what does the url say ? 
  is it still https://www.origin.com/en-us/store/ , or is it an eu url ? 
  our family has a holiday property in kilbaha . 
  its really nice location and has a few destroyed homes similar to op 's pic . 
  i would n't . 
  no worries , hear you loud and clear . 
  i wonder if someone were to die whether they would carry on the show like after owens deaths . 
  i honestly doubt they would . 
  does n't he also get the first pick on who goes to the bottom three ? 
  could be related . 
  if i 'm not mistaken the faces were holding taker while the heels were holding back lesnar . 
  except the ascension who seemed to separate between the two . 
  the word `` cuck '' is a dead giveaway this is satire from 4chan . 
  is it not normal that i have been wearing elastic bands for the 5 months i have had braces and have not had any tightening sessions ? 
  my teeth are noticeably straighter regardless . 
  i started watching wwe during the reign of miz and morrison on ecw . 
  maybe because i had no idea what ecw use to be , but it was my favourite of the three brands . 
  i loved the collin delaney story line i love , the rise of swagger , the exciting high flying of evan bourn and the fact the show only went for an hour and a half kept my attention the whole time . 
  also , even though i was a complete mark i loved the heel team of miz and morrison because they were genuinely hilarious . 
  that is some pure wrestling instincts . 
  would have really hurt her shoulders is she did n't do that . 
  or anywhere besides north america . 
  saudi toners are going over, 
  as someone with a long neck , traps are a necessity . 
  i look so much better than i did a year ago because of them . 
  if only there were videos online if her having sex !, 
  great video , terrible uni, 
  was n't that an episode of drake and josh ? 
  actually i think i was thinking of the episode where josh injured the hand of the guitarist of drake 's favourite band so drake had to cover for him at the concert . 
  because of this concussion he has no memory of the match . 
  pretty sad that he ca n't remember his wrestlemania moment . 
  [ i this one is the the most brutal in my opinion ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hb4qoi7xxn0 ) listen to the pop of the head on the concrete . 
  ouch .
