  valve is very fortunate that cs is such an interesting game to play because if it were any other franchise with this many cheaters , the player base would be non existent . 
  i could talk for ages about the cheater disease that this game has . 
  are you being serious ? 
  i do n't know how you have gone through life without knowing what a baguette is . 
  it is bread that the french eat basically every day . 
  i think americans sometimes call them french sticks . 
  i do n't know how iggy pop has a tan line if he never wears a shirt . 
  french toast is toast that has been cooked with eggs . 
  baguette is just a stick of bread . 
  all good mate . 
  at least you now know , 
  do you get the vacation veteran achievement from getting vac banned ? 
  not wwe , it 's tna . 
  sting was probably one of wcw 's biggest wrestler in the 90 's . 
  completely understandable . 
  most people would n't have heard of tna , for good reason . 
  what is up with the audio ? 
  one second the crowd is nutting themselves to the next there is no sound . 
  he 's not dead mate ... 
  i find it a bit unfair for vp . 
  if vp decided against replaying the round they would have looked like the bad guys . 
  so they could have felt inclined to allow a replay for that reason . 
  i purposely stand underneath enemy care packages if i can . 
  i feel like i will make their day when they kill me . 
  i recently bought about $ 100 worth of maps from allposter.com i bought one of every continent of [ this style ] ( http://www.allposters.com/-sp/national-geographic-africa-map-executive-style-posters_i8412242_.htm ) . 
  i did not read any reviews until today . 
  the reviews seem to be veeeeerry negative . 
  i one person even said a map he bought seemed photocopied and printed terribly by the company . 
  have any of you had any experience with allposters.com or art.com . 
  did i just waste $ 100 ? 
  i just had a very heated talk with my mother . 
  lately i had been extremely stressed as a result of up coming exams . 
  this stress i have been experiencing was further exacerbated during tonight 's dinner . 
  my father was making loud chewing noises ( his jaw also locks in and out while eating making it louder : s ) and my mother was doing her usual scrapping of her fork on the plate ... 
  i could n't take it any more . 
  without thinking i picked up my water poured it into my meal , then preceded to throw the diner in a random direction . 
  this was done in less than a second . 
  i have no idea why i did . 
  i instantly felt a rush of adrenaline fill my body . 
  i then rushed back to my bedroom to calm down . 
  an hour or two later my mother came into my room to have a talk with me . 
  i told her about how both her and my dad through their eating noises provoke me with terrible anxiety . 
  she then started blaming me . 
  all she would say is ;, 
  `` you are the one who has a problem . '', 
  `` yes , i know that '' i would reply . 
  she was making me feel like i was such a freak . 
  i know i have a problem . 
  for god sake i have even knowledge it enough to even self diagnose myself with mosophonian . 
  she then started to spin my words to, 
  `` you just hate us do n't you ?!, 
  you think we should just chuck you out of the house . 
  you do n't care that we are paying for your braces , paying for your education and housing . '', 
  she made me feel like an ungrateful son . 
  i do love my parents and appreciate everything they have provided me , but i just ca n't be near them while they eat . 
  anyway , my mother said that she is going to send me to a therapist . 
  hopefully they will be able to help me . 
  hopefully i articulated this well enough for you guy to understand . 
  thanks for reading . 
  when i try to launch source games ie . 
  garrys mod , css and tf2 they will not launch . 
  i can see the hl2.exe process but nothing happens . 
  i also have the same problem with goat simulator . 
  for other games such as cs : go and just cause work perfectly . 
  hopefully someone will know how to fix the issue . 
  my specs are :, 
  gpu : 7870, 
  cpu : i5 3550, 
  the song six ways till sunday describes my life perfectly ( i 'm sure describes many else 's lives ) . 
  now that i have an external perspective on myself , i feel like i need to change how i live and think to make a positive impact on this world . 
  do you guys think that dogecar will be featured in the video game nascar 2015 ? 
  i bet their sales would triple if that happened . 
  usually path of exile averaged max 5k people online on steam . 
  however at the moment is doing about 20k . 
  what caused this spike ? 
  as a student i need a gym that is relatively low cost , maybe about $ 12 a week . 
  i also want to avoid binding contracts that will force me to pay even after i cancel my membership . 
  anyone know any good places ( preferably in the innerwest ) for piercings . 
  i only need to get a nose piecing and ears done . 
  for some reason in fullscreen mode the music for galaxy new radio only plays when i alt + tab . 
  however , when i play in window mode ( which i get lower in fps ) the music works perfectly . 
  does anybody now how to resolve this issue ? 
  now that a couple days have gone since release , what are people 's favourite songs ? 
  i personally love every song on the album !, 
  but my favourite song at the moment is ca n't win . 
  the chorus is so fucking kickass , i can listen to the song all day . 
  my next favourite song is probably sleep in the heat , but it is so hard to choose favourites when every song is amazing . 
  ca n't wait until these guys come to sydney ... partly so i can finally get a pup t-shirt ... 
  if anybody has noticed it 's a bit chilly out . 
  what are some fun activities to do in sydney while it is cold . 
  i personally love exploring nature but it is far too cold to drive out to the blue mountains at the moment . 
  all suggestions welcome !, 
  i 've found that i usually pull my hair when my hands are n't busy like when i am reading or browsing reddit . 
  i decided to actually buy one of these things and it has stopped me from pulling my hair . 
  so i 'm suppose to get my braces off next week . 
  while the front 6 teeth look great , i seem to have a gap between my left canine and molar . 
  it is only visible is i smile wide while looking from the side . 
  i do n't really mind the gap and am excited to get these braces off , but i want to know if it considered normal practice to have a gap in this area, 
  i have n't been watching cs : go that much in the last year . 
  how come the current dreamhack prize pool is only $ 100,000 when it has previously been around $ 250,000 ?
