if safes are developed we can have a blood bank where members can donate their blood . 
  this blood can be used for emergency situations . 
  but you do realise that you bought it for about half price ? 
  i bought it but i am probably not going to play it till they increase the zombie population and fix more bugs . 
  as the game goes into beta and release stage it is going to increase in price . 
  i had never experienced a consistent 60 fps in dayz until i played dayzero . 
  what is the difference between seppuku and harakiri ? 
  cool !, 
  thanks !, 
  does anyone know how to prevent this kind of virus ? 
  is windows essentials a satisfactory anti-virus ? 
  thanks man !, 
  really appreciate it . 
  i am going to back my important files and install a good anti-virus asap . 
  really fucking good idea !, 
  also upvote for using puush , a really useful tool that does n't seem to be that popular . 
  audiosurf is one of the best games to play when you feel depressed . 
  just zone out and be one with the music . 
  you may . 
  he unfortunately has not . 
  but i feel i am not worthy of knowing anything about the lord 's plan . 
  any hot pocket is a good hot pocket , whereas i exclusively drink starbucks ' iced frappuccinos \u00ae ( bottled ) . 
  in this moment i am euphoric . 
  not because of any phony friendship with the ceo of sony or microsoft . 
  but because i am enlighten by my friendship with our lord gaben, 
  yes i suppose `` that 's all you have to do '' , but not any simple being is able click that button . 
  it took me almost 8 hours to muster up the courage to press that button . 
  i almost fainted immediately after clicking it . 
  my heart is still pounding powerfully and adrenaline is still flowing through my body . 
  hot pockets and coffee . 
  oh , what glorious aroma our gaben produces . 
  once you create an account on steam you become part of gaben 's family , for he is our holy father . 
  thanks for the suggestion but i just asked my friend to gift the $ 1 bundle to me . 
  wow , so many questions !, 
   how has your life been affected by this event ? 
  it has been effected drastically . 
  i now have more confidence as i feel like gaben is looking over my shoulder at all times . 
  i also have became much more athletic , as previously i was 5 ' 2 and 350lbs . 
  now i am 6 ' 4 and 200lbs . 
  today i even qualified for the 2016 olympics for pole vault . 
   did it improve your life ? 
  i guess i just answered that in the previous answer . 
   are your children healthier ? 
  yes , drastically !, 
  i did not even know i had children until today !, 
   does your water boil faster ? 
  yes , my water boils before i can say `` gaben please bless this water '' . 
  only gaben can grant a mortal with more steam !, 
  the lord gaben will forever be my bestie . 
  through this world and the afterlife . 
  is ... is the friends button not good enough ? 
  with other accounts it is a follow system like twitter . 
  but with our lord , he has granted only a select few free will , to make the decision to press that button and to become one with gaben . 
  edit : do n't know why this guy deleted his comment . 
  there was nothing wrong with it . 
  the console peasants . 
  for they are the ones that need saving ( s ) . 
  now it is going to be stuck on your games list forever . 
  i 'd be happy to join , i just have to be back in the country first . 
  if my memory is right would n't it be lower right ? 
  wywh and the wall were still with gilmore . 
  someone should actually make `` peasant generator '' . 
  it would be quite amusing . 
  how is the new chapter ? 
  ( no spoilers please ), 
  to get that reality check that many people need . 
  movies , books and television romanticise and glamourise death so much , that people do not realise how tragic death can be . 
  being subscribed to both / r/morbiderreality and / r/watchpeopledie has also made me a lot more cautious about doing simple things such as crossing the street . 
  although fuelled with my anxiety , i now sometimes get panic attacks walking out to town thinking i might die at any second . 
  i think i should have a break from morbidreality but it is so fucking interesting . 
  same shit different smell . 
  i actually really enjoyed the first chapter !, 
  so this one sounds promising . 
  got to say , this is one of the most useful bots . 
  humble bundle . 
  puush is amazing for screenshooting then instantly sharing . 
  why not open up a restaurant in [ gishino ] ( / r/grishinotown ) ? 
  it is relatively safe . 
  what is ghoster ? 
  well , our humble town does have about [ 440 potential customers ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/groups/peoplesrepublicofgrishino ) . 
  for some reason i always get goose bumps from the chorus . 
  do know what would be a super funny prank ? 
  i 'm going to bring a bomb to the airport . 
  that would be really funny guys ? ... . right ? 
  i 'm new , how do i place a bet ? 
  edit : do n't worry , i figured it out with this guide . 
  edit : also , how do i watch the game ? 
  cheers !, 
  you can currently jump out windows . 
  i once did it to outflank a guy . 
  i do n't really know much about either teams . 
  my bet is on skb-ce because their track record looks very strong . 
  noob question . 
  what is an eco ? 
  that is almost every bad religion song for me . 
  i did n't think of that . 
  maybe i should switch . 
  edit : i 'm glad i did n't . 
  it was never 15-15 . 
  wait for cslounge to finish calculations then go to `` my bets '' .
