  is this how i marijuana ? 
  injection, 
   making rational comment, 
   posting on / r/4chan, 
  pick one . 
  * february 2014, 
  * old, 
  pick one . 
  how * did * it handle ? 
  in my books if you can buy a bar of chocolate at the counter while paying for your petrol , it 's a servo . 
  my ancestor was sent to australia for stealing soap and wigs . 
  he later became a cop . 
  honestly dude , at the moment you do n't have the greatest bone structure . 
  once you reach the final stages of puberty you develop more masculine facial structure . 
  but overall you are n't ugly . 
  you just have n't developed yet . 
  this has the be satire . 
   he stayed very literally within the lines of the versailles treaty all the way up to the invasion . 
  hahahahaha , this is a new kind of delusion . 
  omg i do n't even ... 
  not that it is an actual aids conference in melbourne right now ... 
  i really doubt you own * both * games . 
  errr ... i 'm about 40 mins in . 
  he is really hyper and i am questioning his sanity . 
  i thought he quit being a farmer and went back to college to get a phd . 
  its called elephant garden i think . 
  really cool to watch high . 
  [ crusader kings 2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2zko8cclhi&amp;list=uupswlo6jrrmg8hxy03exhaw ), 
  or capital c in car . 
  so , like ryan air ? 
  you could try cj cd keys http://www.cjs-cdkeys.com/products/arma-3-steam-cd-key.html, 
  i still do n't understand where . 
  could you explain further ? 
  tell that to the tyrant !, 
  have you read the crucible ? 
  i know you are thinking of john proctor but others died in the play including giles corey , martha corey and rebecca nurse , just to name a few . 
  thanks man !, 
  that is how giles corey from the play died . 
  because we already have un headwear , i would love if we could get red cross uniforms . 
  thats neat , my ancestor is already on the database . 
  stephanie meyer claimed that this movie was about the characters . 
  although that is true , how can one make an interesting movie focusing on the characters when the protagonist has the personality of wet bread ? 
  it 's funny that the selling point is the fact that it is not free to play while unreal tournament 4 is going to free to play . 
  maybe that is why they are driving that message , as an f u to ut4 . 
  but when someone gets it right , it 's a thing of beauty https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zftgw9t-y28#t=172, 
  i hope he does n't have his little red friend with him . 
  probably because they are a christian band . 
  but its the only guitar spin i could recall . 
  this is like those selfies that girls take where is so much saturation on their face that you can barely make out their nose . 
  i know arma 2 can look wonderful , but the only beautiful thing in this picture is the sunset . 
  was this unidan 's last comment ? 
  if you want to learn more about the russians during wwii , i would highly recommend you read `` stalingrad '' by anthony beevor . 
  we call drag-scopes quickscopes where i am from . 
  in fact we call no-scopes , [ swiffer scopes ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yti_drs1uge ) and hardscope under the name quick-scopes . 
  it 's almost as if different people have different tastes in music . 
  * rich saudis, 
  happens to me too , bro . 
  hope it gets patched , its been happening for months now . 
  why ? 
  i honestly to only game that made me cry . 
  fair enough, 
  what is wrong with one episode focussing on how christians are dealt with within is ? 
  because it is a theocracy , it is interesting to see how other religions are dealt with , within the regime . 
  similarly , if we were to be watching a documentary about nazi germany , we would look at how hitler dealt with judaism and the catholic church . 
  i 'm pretty sure they cancelled ps3/pc cross platform as valve did not want to spend $ 40 000 an update . 
  by maintaining cross platform , the pc would have been dragged down with the ps3 . 
  this problem also occurred during the bf3 days . 
  dice wanted to keep all platforms on the same update . 
  when there was a game breaking bug , it would take them over a month to fix issues , as constant updating costs fortunes . 
  damn , i clocked in over 600 hours of battlefield 3 , but i did n't buy bf4 because i was sick of ea/dice 's bullshit . 
  it 's a damn shame , bf4 looks fun but a slow/unsupportive development just turns me off . 
  i was clicking it over and over think `` man reddit has their shit together , today '' ... i hate you . 
  most likely this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdylgzybwaw, 
  it 's on sale because of esl one . 
  ... echo ... 
  your body will initially try to reject it . 
  you will need to eat a heart a day , for a month . 
  your body will begin to adapt and accept your new language . 
  4chan can really differ between each board . 
  if you want an autistic discussion visit / po / or / b / . 
  but sometimes if you find a good thread on boards such as / int / , one can have a pretty fulfilling discussion . 
  also , the crown land makes money for the state , in exchange that they get to keep 40 mill pounds . 
  maybe you should listen to the original record . 
  i would have to disagree . 
  tim 's old voice was amazing in ssotcc . 
  the only versions of tstw i have only listened to has only been the physical copy ( which had it at the end of the good left undone ) and spotify which plays it at the start of survive . 
  i think you are having the general assembly/security council and un peace keepers terribly confused . 
  hahaha , i literally ordered 3 cds last night . 
  i really want to support the artists i have pirated and listened to the last couple years . 
  also i wanted to complete my discography and also its nice having to whip out cds in the car . 
  awkward ... i think you posted this to the wrong subreddit . 
  so ... not being able to read . 
  if one ca n't read out a basic sentence with coherence then that probably classifies them as not being able to read . 
  fair enough , you are probably correct . 
  to all those non-dayz player , usually it takes a bunch of hits the make it explode . 
  [ as shown ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bebmetx-oea ) . 
  the guy in the video must had been extremely unlucky for it to blow up first try . 
  i do n't play , but have been keeping an eye on the game . 
  would now be a good time to start playing ? 
  what are the new features of the update ?
