  off with their heads are so good at expressing depression through their lyrics . 
  vanuatu is quite nice , i 've been twice . 
  everyone mostly speaks english and french . 
  could be easy as an american to find a job working at a resort or something . 
  wages would n't be too good but it is a beautiful country . 
  you should watch the osw review of that halloween havoc ppv . 
  i do n't remember the last time i laughed so hard . 
  i agree . 
  i have a terrible attention span for game these days , but tomb raider was the first game i actually completed in recent memory . 
  it 's only a 10 hour campaign so it 's best to buy it really cheap . 
  that guy is on every video related to wwe . 
  does he do it ironically , or is really serious ? 
  it 's like an indian halloween . 
  sorry , it was an office reference . 
  it 's best to just ignore me . 
  someone should compile a list of all khaled 's keys to success . 
  green apples , dove deodorant , water , the list goes on ... 
  this is an australian person . 
   some indian guy that was speaking indian, 
  indian is n't a language mate . 
  ok , let me know when you do, 
  check out pup . 
  they are amazing !, 
  fun fact : cm punk has an operation ivy tattoo on his leg !, 
  i bought tickets for their sydney show in august . 
  just wear a stab-proof vest or take up mma to stop your wife from murdering you . 
  i do n't see why you should stop shouting . 
  he might have wanted to stop recording and enjoy the concert , 
  that 's so true . 
  also they tag all their friends in their pictures so that more people see their picture . 
  do the `` numbers do n't lie '', 
  * triggered *, 
  he said `` retained '' . 
  what is wrong with that ? 
  i use ceramic braces that stain very easily from coffee . 
  when i 'm having a coffee at home i usually just use a straw to avoid staining my braces and teeth . 
  it sounds weird to drink coffee from a straw and may not be for everyone , but it has allowed me to drink plenty of coffees each day . 
  so inconsiderate . 
  that is going to ruin someone 's frame rate . 
  what happened with ana ? 
  did they over buff her ? 
  i only played casually back then . 
  i do n't think he looks like a tank . 
  he just looks bigger than his dad . 
  today i learnt : aj was in tna . 
  the division is more about performing at a higher work rate . 
  i suppose since tna use to be a wwe developmental i should n't be surprised that aj was part of tna . 
  but tna is where they developed hall of fame talent including sting , kurt angel , hogan , sting , mick foley , kevin nash , ric flair , scott steiner and sting . 
  it 's hard to argue that tna was the greatest developmental that wwe has ever started . 
  imo tna was far greater than ovw that also produced some amazing talent like lesnar , alicia fox and cena . 
  i use to recreate that all the time in smackdown vs raw 2007, 
  that was an awesome spot you posted , but i think they are just talking about mitb spots . 
  thirsty boy, 
  i think remember this guy because he had a left handed closeline . 
  what unique offense . 
  it was really weird . 
  they had a stunt double for aj lee ( cm punks wife ) wrestle the stunt double of the actor playing the actor paige in front of a monday night raw crowd . 
  the rock also said someone like `` please boo as if roman reigns is out here '' . 
  i ca n't believe vince would have been very happy backstage . 
  they do n't . 
  while there is catering while a show is on , wwe wrestlers have to pay for their own food , and travel expenses while on the road . 
  i 'm pretty sure chipotle is the most popular place for these guys to eat due to the high protein for low cost . 
  i was in sudden shock the few seconds that i thought you meant he was in the australian football league . 
  a quick google search saved me though . 
  who the fuck is america ? 
  you just download the song you ca n't go without just incase you have no reception . 
  i did n't say it was n't . 
  i was given an example of how spotify is for both streaming and downloading . 
  you can always remove a few accessories away from icf . 
  for example , tricep extension and shrugs . 
  i noticed they have more on online mode . 
  seems like nothing is subtle but so direct and in your face . 
  he entered the rumble before he was suppose to . 
  that should be a disqualification . 
  an mma match with joe could have been a cool fear factor challenge . 
  it may not be for those who are impulsed to pull their hair but it works wonders for myself !, 
  i use to be certain that big show sang his theme . 
  that explains it . 
  i always thought dreamhack held majors . 
  also because fnatic and cloud 9 were in the tournament . 
  really makes sense how big teams like vp and nip are n't involved . 
  fnatic is no longer a big team ? 
  things must have changed . 
  it 's crazy how accurate weaponry has gotten . 
  what about the party hat though, 
  love it , even outside of the sub people talk shit about full sail . 
  mind games . 
  if you have two monitors , on youtube you can have the match fullscreened on one screen and the chat as a separate window on the other screen . 
  an indonesian playing in a chinese team ? 
  that 's crazy talk !, 
  the awp and deagle is only the second half of the map, 
  shoeys should only be done when you are already drunk and with your mates . 
  we need a break between watching matches . 
  i have starting playing again since i stopped in 2014 . 
  i got placed in high silver and have managed to work my way in to nova and it has been quite awful to play . 
  i have days where every game has either derankers , blatant cheaters or just toxic people . 
  i do n't really have much of a problem with smurfs because i know they are not infallible and just take a bit of teamwork to deal with . 
  only thing keeping me going is to finally be able to get prime matchmaking . 
  the grind is very slow though . 
  i 'm currently level 13 , but it takes so much time to get to level 21 .
