do you guys not consider someone born in sweden to somali parents swedish ? 
  not european but if russia is considered europe or at least most people agree western russia is europe why is turkey not considered part of europe by a lot of people, 
  i read bild because it has articles that are simple and help me with my german, 
  we have no choice in the matter we ca n't leave the union if we want to . 
  there was a whole war where a lot of the southeastern us wanted to leave but ended causing a lot of damage and deaths [ i do n't know if the american civil war is well known in europe but it 's a common history topic taught in schools hear ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/american_civil_war ), 
  pretty common among teenagers in america but teenage athletics are very important here, 
  that the aldi in the us is a european business, 
  i 've been told lots of time hat learning french is easier for and english speaker than german but i 'm currently learning german and think it 's much easier i 've tried listening to french and it just seems to be spoken to quickly and i also do n't think i could pronounce things . 
  is there an reason for the low birth rates in europe ? 
  tell me about it ... . 
  their are quite a few bosnians in iowa most of which i assume came during/after yugoslav wars . 
  another interesting thing about iowa is that are capital `` des moines '' was named by the french but we pronounce it ( duh-moyyn ), 
  at no point has the us been 90 % white . 
  the us as long as it has been a country has consisted of multiple ethnicities . 
  in 1790 nearly 20 % of the us population was black and that 's just one other ethnic group . 
  even if white have been the majority that does n't mean it 's their country . 
  the united states changing demographics is not a bad thing . 
  the hart-celler act was not bad, 
  your allowed to place 1 pixel every 5 minutes on r/place working together many redditors made some pretty cool things also a lot of country flags . 
  the germans tried to take per the french, 
   country  europe, 
  i think you should be able to be okay with muslims because they are individuals with varying opinions . 
  just because their religion says something does n't mean they 100 % agree with it you can say islam is against basic human rights but it 's not as if all of these individuals blindly 100 % follow there religion, 
  i would n't say that , in the us we do n't have an official language english is just the most common . 
  we should n't really be upset about people coming from latin america speaking spanish because there is no reason they should n't . 
  i personally believe that if we were to establish an official language we should have both english and spanish because literally millions of american speak spanish, 
  also gen z in iowa des moines metro specifically . 
  i cloudless say that people are age are n't black and white . 
  they have views all over the political spectrum on different topics . 
  i 'm sorry i do n't understand . 
  i know to an extant the north was / is more protestant . 
  and that there 's was violence during the troubles . 
  but those ended in the 90s with what i think was called the good friday treaty . 
  i was just wondering if the way protestants and catholics practice religion was enough to make protestants intolerant of catholics and vice versa . 
  or is it just the history of animosity that makes them intolerant of each other . 
  only agree with you on that last part . 
  it would be kinda boring if everyone looked like a puerto rican to an extant . 
  but that 's probably not going to happen, 
  lol why specifically west african ? 
  us east africans are black too maybe we 're a bit lighter but black nonetheless, 
  a lot of my muslim friends and there parents are quite nice to me and my family . 
  but that may be because my dad is from sudan which is a predominantly muslim country that speaks arabic . 
  so my dad knows how to speak arabic . 
  the thing is almost all of them know that we 're a lutheran christian family and they do n't seem to have issues with that . 
  i think if there accepting of me and my family there is a good chance they 'll accept others non muslims, 
  are there still big differences between catholic and protestant churches in ireland ? 
  i think for the most part in recent years southerners treat blacks pretty while in most places . 
  so long as you can check all the other boxes . 
  which me and my family can not including conservative . 
  but that 's not something that really comes up when your only staying about a week . 
  we were in a small town in louisiana . 
  seeing people ride horses to places was really cool . 
  some people drove cars and a lot rode horses . 
  do you have to live there long term . 
  or are you just there temporarily for work ? 
  or did you move there when you were a kid . ? 
  as i noticed you said our from south africa . 
  so that means you were n't probably born in czech republic, 
  is there a sort of history of asians in sweden . 
  other than the current refugee/migrant crisis ? 
  or are they just generally really accepting, 
  a lot of americans call the netherlands `` holland '' likely because all of the `` relevant '' things about the netherlands for america are in holland, 
  i think we have 6 or 7 in the us new years - january 1 memorial day - varies ( late may ) independence day - july 4 labour day - varies ( early september ) thanksgiving - varies ( late november ) christmas eve - december 24 ( i do n't know if most people get christmas eve off ) christmas - december 25, 
  germany is central europe, 
  they are n't . 
  just cause they 're muslim does n't make them like the middle east . 
  i think turkey is kinda on its own not quite european and not quite middle eastern . 
  we could just call turkey mediterranean or anatolian, 
  yikes is it like that every summer ? 
  the hottest city in the us phoenix ( which is essential in the middle of a desert ) average around 40 \u00b0 celsius summer highs, 
  is it really offensive to call estonia finland . 
  estonia can finally into nordic, 
  to where ? 
  as far as we know they 're a french citizen so they do n't have a country to get deported to as france is their native country, 
  okay i was n't sure if it was meant to be serious but all the attention it got made me think it was, 
  this is like propaganda i mean this could be done with any political party and any thing we think is bad if you look hard enough and cherry pick things you 'll always find things that overlap between two political parties / forms of government . 
  i 'm . 
  it defending the dup frankly i do n't much about u.k. 
  politics but i do know that this is kind of silly comparing a political party of a western constitutional monarchy with sharia law . 
  i 'm sure the dup 's views and policies are not as conservative or extreme as sharia law, 
  can kinda confirm bosnian friend born in 2001 currently lives in us does n't like to be called muslim but i think it might be more with the negative connotation with being muslim in the us, 
  i know so many bosnians although since i 'm youngish most of them were born here . 
  there parents left during the yugoslav wars or they were born in bosnia but came to the us at a very young age, 
  huh , there is lots of bosnians in iowa , usa but i 've never met one named hodzic , i 've met okic , sivac , mehmedovic , beslagic , kudomonovic , smaljavic , beslagic . 
  those are just the ones i can name off the top of my head as to last names of bosnians i know . 
  are those common last names in bosnia/the slavic portion of the balkans, 
  yeah i studied the wall it 's really ineffective and a waste of cash i think trump actually thinks it will stop illegal immigration . 
  we already have 650 miles of existing fence on the us mexico border . 
  we need to decrease the amount of time it takes to immigrate it 's only supposed to take 2 years but often takes up to 9 years . 
  `` a border is not a dividing line it 's where 2 countries 2 cultures and 2 languages meet '', 
  my elementary school in iowa , usa had a thing called the `` 4th grade bike ride '' in which all the 4 the graders would go on a bike trail for a day bike 10 miles to a park play kickball than 10 miles back to the start . 
  it was lots of fun and if you did n't know how to ride a bike the teachers would teach you prior to the event, 
  south africans as in from the region or south africans like zulu people afrikaners etc. 
  guy on the left is a portuguese soccer player and the guy on the right i believe is the guy who won eurovision for portugal, 
  the us should really be taking in more refugees . 
  there are already large communities for people from nearly any middle eastern/north african country . 
  my state has one of the first mosque built in the us . 
  i know quite a few persian people but they may different cause they 're in high school and we 're completely or mostly raised in the us, 
  have you actually met someone who mixed up lithuania and ethiopia . ? 
  side note : not important but my parents were born in gambella , ethiopia,
