  based on itunes , so apologies if some songs are n't in the official charts anymore . 
  it 's according to itunes , and it is n't necessarily songs by people from that country . 
  just songs that are in one of the official languages of that country . 
  for example , luis fonsi is from puerto rico , but it 's the highest spanish language song in spain , 
  i 'm from the uk and i do n't even know the song . 
  not a big fan of ed sheeran to be honest, 
  these are based off the itunes charts which show klub333 as the highest, 
  i do n't understand the lyrics , but it 's a great song regardless . 
  knowing what it 's about makes it even better . 
  apologies , at the time of making this , i thought ireland 's first official language was english and that irish was a secondary language ( similar to scotland with gaelic ), 
  it 's po dangum . 
  autocorrect can be a bitch sometimes . 
  i * wish * we were southern europe . 
  shitty summer is shitty . 
  she 's our queen because we chose her, 
  if you were a cute little old lady , then people might care a little bit more, 
  i 'm going to croatia soon and was going to look some croatian phrases that would be nice to know . 
  thanks for getting me started . 
  at first i thought it was shit , but that i know this fact , that 's actually amazing !, 
  i actually agree that it is a waste of money even though i do n't want to . 
  have you ever read any books written by afghans ? 
  they do not look kindly on the taliban . 
  many do n't look kindly on western forces either unfortunately and we probably are wasting money over there because it 's not appreciated and it 's not even doing anything anyway . 
  some people believe that we need to just leave it to afghanistan to sort out themselves like they 've done previously ( pre-soviet invasion , i mean ) . 
  if we do that , we 'd be sentencing a lot of innocent civilians to death by taliban rule , and it would be a * loooonnnng * time before anything is remotely peaceful in afghanistan . 
  it 's a sad situation regardless of what we do . 
  i know that and i support the good work that western forces are doing in afghanistan and the progress that afghanistan are making . 
  the point of my previous comment is that it does n't matter whether what you label it as , if you 're slaughtering innocent civilians , you 're a cunt . 
  socialist , capitalist , communist , fascist , democratist ; i do n't think it really matters what a country identifies as if their leaders are slaughtering innocent civilians . 
  possibly the only good thing that the taliban did . 
  and bring a bit of order to a chaotic society . 
  but they brought that order through a nazi-like regime which is n't much better , of at all to be honest . 
  better because people are n't getting slaughtered in the street for having sex before marriage . 
  or for getting decapitated for being gay . 
  or for getting beaten for being a woman outside without her husband . 
  bacha bazi is still very common unfortunately , and there are still some horrendous problems in afghanistan but to think it was better under the taliban than it is now is just obscene . 
  there are theories that the isi ( pakistani intelligence ) are funding , possibly even part of , the afghan taliban . 
  that makes the whole situation so much more complex, 
  unfortunately , i 'm not being optimistic . 
  i know the taliban will come into afghanistan again as soon as western forces pull out . 
  it 's a shit situation for all involved to be honest . 
  i 'm sure they would , they always find a way, 
  i did n't say afghanistan was perfect but it 's in a much better state right now than it was when the taliban were in power . 
   and when they do [ pull out ] , the taliban will come back down from the mountains and reclaim kabul this kind of reinforces my point rather than contradict it . 
  without western intervention , the taliban would be in kabul right now . 
  what needs to be done right now is train and fund the afghan forces to defend themselves from the taliban . 
  unfortunately , that 's more difficult than it sounds , hence why the western forces are still present in afghanistan . 
  i think that 's why the were just slightly less bad than the nazi 's . 
  if they had the infrastructure and money , they would most definitely be just as bad , if not worse , than the nazis . 
  nah , russia left afghanistan long ago . 
  when they left , there was a power vacuum which resulted in years of warfare and the taliban won out . 
  but their regime was almost as brutal as the nazis ', 
  as much as i hate foreign intervention in international conflicts , sometimes things would be so much worse if there was no intervention . 
  so many people shit on the west 's intervention in afghanistan , but if that had n't occurred , afghanistan would possibly still be ruled by the taliban . 
  in contrast , afghanistan held one of their first ever democratic elections in 2014 . 
  i need to show this to people when they try pronouncing it . 
  i 've heard krack-oww , krack-oh , but rarely ever hear krakoov, 
  yeah , i guess that 's a fair point . 
  [ link to the european version for anyone who has n't seen it ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6p1hoi/i_took_the_top_posts_in_rearthporn_from_all/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link ), 
  especially with mercator distortion, 
  yeah , and i already told you that galicians , catalans , basques , aragonese and asturians all have very distinct cultural identities in the same way that scotland , england , wales and northern ireland have . 
  the reason i did n't split the uk up was because i could , arguably , split spain up for similar reasons but i decided not to . 
  there was no political motivation behind it . 
   [ 56 % of the galician population speak galician as their first language , while 43 % speak more in castilian . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/galicia_ ( spain ) that does n't sound like galician is `` kinda spoken there '' . 
  also , catalan is the first language of catalonia not castellano . 
  i know many catalans that would not be happy about what you 're saying . 
  besides , if castellano was the prominent language in galicia , how is that any different to english being the prominent language in scotland ? 
  my plan is to do one with the canadian provinces and the us and mexican states next also , thanks , 
  the image for the republic of ireland is different from the uk one . 
  i 've already explained below , somewhere , my reasoning for not splitting up the uk . 
  yeah , i 'm going to play it safe and not delve any further into this because it 's a complex and messy situation . 
  thanks for the appreciation though , glad you like it , 
  crimea is still ukraine in my eyes, 
  it 's also super beautiful in the autumn, 
  purely just from geological separation . 
  the images would look awfully skewed if i tried to fit the same image in denmark , faroes and greenland, 
  haha , there 's always one that has to bring down the tone, 
  they speak another language in galicia as well mate . 
  it is , yes . 
  spain is also of mallorca . 
  it is , i made sure of it !, 
  i just did one image for the whole of the uk . 
  nah , each spanish autonomous region is , arguably , even more distinct from each other than scotland , england , wales and northern ireland . 
  they all have their own languages , many catalonians do n't see themselves as spanish , there 's an independence movement in catalu\u00f1a * and * pa\u00eds vasco . 
  it 's a difficult one though , because scotland , england , wales and northern ireland are all different from each other too , have their own parliaments and are all technically countries within a country . 
  that 's a watermark . 
  you can see it on the picture i linked in my original comment, 
  yeah , but our team is shite though , so ... 
  i am considering doing one with all the us and mexican states and the canadian provinces . 
  watch this space , 
  you can put your pitchfork away for now , 
  i made a similar one * with * australia is that counts ? 
  i know . 
  the map is completely ruined now !, 
  damn, 
  omg , i ca n't believe i forgot san marino :(, 
  i actually included as part of svalbard . 
  looking at it now though , it does look like it 's part of greenland . 
  haha , thanks .
