  yeah , fair enough . 
  is n't it quite similar in the south , though ? 
  temperature is not the same as climate , mate . 
  just move to the uk or ireland . 
  very similar climates . 
  [ me every july ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=scottish+rain&amp;rlz=1cdgoyi_engb672gb672&amp;hl=en-gb&amp;prmd=inv&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewimieasjuruahwmy1akhskddcmq_auicsgb&amp;biw=414&amp;bih=660#imgrc=rxs5za1lan3w7m: ), 
  it is actually quite enjoyable to watch . 
  it 's kind of like going to a zoo and watching the chimpanzees fighting over a banana, 
  i think this is great actually because it shows that democracy really works . 
  does n't matter what the personal opinions are of the country 's leader , if the majority vote for it , it happens !, 
  she 's been spending too many days running through wheat fields to think about it properly to be honest, 
  i know this is going to make me sound like a sore loser because i wanted to remain , but for something as big as brexit ( or scottish independence ) , i think the margin should be slightly more than 50/50 . 
  it should be at least 60/40 otherwise you could be pulling exactly half of the country away from a political union that they preferred to be a part of . 
  and most likely forever . 
  this is what really pisses me off . 
  everyone always goes on about how `` we have to leave because we voted for it and it would be undemocratic otherwise '' . 
  i get that , but at the same time , it 's not like it was a landslide victory for leave . 
  i stayed with a friend once in madrid in july and he did n't have ac . 
  sleeping there was possibly one of my worst experiences in life, 
   you ca n't just go `` we do whatever the majority wants at any given time . '', 
  this exactly what is happening with brexit . 
  we had one vote and voted to leave so now we have to leave otherwise it 's `` undemocratic '' . 
  are you saying the same does n't apply for the scottish referendum ? 
  we voted to stay in 2014 , so under the same argument , is n't that `` undemocratic '' to try pushing for independence again ? 
  for the record , i want to stay in the eu and in the uk , in case that 's not clear . 
  this is how i feel about the independence referendum in scotland . 
  i agree that we should have the right to decide whether we want to stay or go . 
  but are we just going to have referendum after referendum until we get independence ? 
  and if we do get independence , are we going to keep having referendums to see if we want to rejoin the uk ? 
  can we all just agree that religiously following a religion is bad for a healthy society in the 21st century ? 
  it 's actually horrendous from all sides . 
  it 's on reddit , it 's on facebook , it 's in the newspapers , it 's at work , it 's in the shop , it 's getting posted through my door . 
  and it 's all complete vitriol . 
  i 'm seriously considering getting into politics and doing something about it because this year 's election has been absolutely fucking horrific . 
  [ left wing terrorism is very much a thing . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/left-wing_terrorism ), 
  the current state of the left wing parties in the uk is what drove me to broaden my political outlook . 
  i 've explored some right-wing subreddits , libertarianism , socialism , classical liberalism , centrism etc. 
  it 's been fun , but i 've come to realise that liberal centrism with a hint of social democracy is what my beliefs align with . 
  `` the progressive left '' which i previously thought i was a part of has become too authoritarian and is victimising anyone that does n't align with their beliefs . 
  libertarianism and socialism both sound good in theory ( for different reasons of course ) , but neither are good in practise . 
  and right-wing conservatism just is n't for me . 
  so i 've been all over , and now it 's left me in a place where i do n't know who to vote for because i do n't like any of the candidates/parties for different reasons . 
  haha , i know she 's not a liberal but left wingers in america despise any criticism of her because she was the opposition to trump . 
  i do n't think corbyn can really be classed as liberal either though . 
  he 's more a democratic socialist . 
  maybe it 's an indication that extremism of any sort , whether that be white supremacy , radical islam , fascism , communism or any other extremist belief , is a bad thing . 
  who would have though it eh ? 
  agree . 
  i can guarantee that a large chunk of the people who upvoted this post would be causing a raging shitstorm right now if it was jeremy corbyn , bernie sanders and hillary clinton on those posters . 
  sorry , you misunderstood . 
  i was n't defending that last line of the above comment . 
  just the x % of y analogy . 
  this is actually a very good , logical way of putting it . 
  one that does n't blame all muslims , but does n't deny the fact that there is a problem . 
  this was really cool . 
  i 'd like to see more posts like this from across europe . 
  maybe i 'll make my own one day too . 
  i would n't say that 's really the case here . 
  trump is the only right wing populist in power in any western nation . 
  yes , some right wing populists are still popular , but left wing populism is actually more popular at the moment . 
  i 'm hoping that macron 's win will be the beginning of a return to more sane , centrist politics . 
  it was , but it has been proven time and time again that communism does n't work in practise because humans are inherently selfish , so i think that quote will work well for any communist regime . 
  that 's true , it is . 
  but animal farm is about communism and that quote above describes communism-in-practise very well . 
  yeah exactly . 
  extremists are all as bad as each other . 
  it 's funny because that 's not far off communism 's `` everyone is equal , but some are more equal than others '', 
  no , we 're not talking about muslims . 
  we 're talking about this idea that british people should/shouldn ' t just accept what they get when it comes to their culture because their ancestors imposed theirs on other cultures . 
  at least that 's what i 'm talking about . 
  i wish people would stop calling that a far right view . 
  it 's not really that absurd a statement to say that european cultures have a lot more in common with * each other * than , say , middle eastern or north african cultures do with europe . 
  especially when the majority of immigrants from europe have grown up and are used to free , liberal societies , whereas middle easterners and north africans are generally used to oppressive , conservative , far right societies . 
  no one is saying that here . 
  that 's a fair point , but what do you propose i do , as a fairly lower middle class guy in the uk ? 
  victimising us for the sins of our ancestors is n't going to solve the problems of today . 
  also , bare in mind that the people who committed these sins in the past most likely had no relation to the majority of british people . 
  agreed . 
  if you sent millions of british pensioners to spain to retire and not make them at least learn the language/customs , they 're not going to assimilate and spanish culture will suffer in areas where the british pensioners congregate . 
  this sort of thing pisses me off . 
  just because our ancestors from about 5 to 10 generations ago were cunts , does n't mean we should be punished for it today . 
  yeah , no worries . 
  it was great chatting to you , 
  hahahahaha , what an imagination you have buddy . 
  excuse me while i go clean up my cum stained keyboard outside because my bs village in scotland does n't have running water . 
   i do n't read a single word you 're making this too easy for me . 
  you continue telling me how i am the dumb one , yet you continue to say dumb shit like this . 
  is n't it ironic how you say `` too too '' prior to calling me dumb ? 
  maybe you should learn how to speak properly before calling someone else dumb . 
   i ca n't read what you write hahaha , and you have the cheek to call me dumb . 
  what i write is perfectly legible . 
  your problems with reading has nothing to do with my writing , i 'm afraid . 
  if you 're going to try arguing with me like an adult , at least behave like an adult , rather than a child that has n't `` studied beyond high school '' . 
  oh , so because it goes against your narrative , it is n't information ? 
  and , for your information , i have a master 's degree in engineering , so i am very much aware of how to read and gather information and judge sources . 
  i used to be very much like you , na\u00efvely defending islam because i thought it was progressive . 
  but , from being presented actual facts , i changed my mind . 
  if , however , you can provide me with actual facts that debunk the information i have , i am ready to change my mind again . 
  are you that lazy that i have to spoon feed information to you that you can easily google yourself ?
