that is fair and i completely agree with you on that point . 
  more people need to be like this because there are so many people who think that islam is bad and therefore all muslims are dangerous , horrible people . 
  on the other side of it , there are people who simply outright deny that islam has any issues , or just deflect from the argument . 
  we should be able to criticise islam for the atrocities that have occurred under it without victimising the muslim * people * . 
  i 'm left leaning as well , but i find myself becoming more and more secluded from those subreddits with their bashing of conservative gays , white people , straight people etc. 
  not necessarily hate towards them , but the sort of language if used against gays , black people , muslims etc would most definitely be construed as hate speech . 
  i appreciate your fighting for us , and we need people like that , because not everyone will . 
  but , i do n't think that fight should consist of demonising gay people who vote conservative ( not saying you do ) . 
  anyway , i think we may have gone off topic a bit , and i 'm really tired so i 've kind of lost track . 
  there 's a difference between being ignorant and intolerant , and being afraid of a sect of a religion that has become an ideology , killed thousands of people , oppressed women , thrown gays from roofs , raped children , mown down innocent people in the street , the list goes on . 
  i 'm not ignorant or intolerant towards muslims ; i live in a city that has a thriving community of moderate muslims and i 'm perfectly happy with that . 
  but i 'm not happy about the political ideology that islam has become . 
  see the difference ? 
  i would disagree with you when you say nazism is the opposite of communism , because that implies communism is great . 
  i 'd say they 're very similar . 
  they may have different goals , but how they reach those goals ( killing , oppression etc ) is exactly the same . 
  can i just butt in here . 
  i 'm gay , and i actually ca n't stand this whole back and forth between the `` you 're a nazi apologist '' and `` you 're a islamist apologist '' . 
  from what i 've read , you seem to be using gay people as a political pawn as much as the next guy . 
  and , fyi , r/lgbt and r/ainbow are not representative of the whole gay community . 
  they are a very select bunch of salty , easily-offended , extreme leftists who are more hostile towards conservative gays than what conservatives are to gay people . 
  yes , but it is n't one individual who has committed multiple terrorist attacks across europe in the name of islam . 
  if only one attack occurred in the name of islam , you could chalk it up to that person being stupid . 
  but with the number of attacks that have occurred , in addition to the atrocities that have occurred in the middle east , you really have to question whether islam in its current form is acceptable . 
  maybe it needs a reform like christianity had , maybe another solution can be proposed . 
  please , though , do n't read my comment as islamophobic or racist , because it is n't . 
  i 'm not criticising or hating all muslims , i 'm criticising their religion . 
   imagine saying `` i 'm now less tolerant of christianity thing is , i do lose faith in christianity when a christian carries out a terror attack . 
  i also develop a disliking for the extreme right when an extreme right nut kills people in the name of politics or religion . 
  and , likewise , i do the same for radical islam when a radical islamist blows up a train or rams a truck into a bunch of people in the street . 
  just because you lose faith in a group , religion or political ideology , it does n't mean you hate everyone that is a part of that group . 
  but it most definitely should not stop you from questioning or criticising it . 
  that 's why terrorism is so bad . 
  not because of the number of people it kills ( albeit , that is also bad ) , but because of the hysteria and political divides it creates through fear . 
  people become scared of islam , of being blown up on a train , of being mown down in the street by a truck . 
  and the only solution they see to that fear is extremism : farrage , le pen , wilders . 
  then , on the other side , those who are less scared for their safety , and more scared of the xenophobia will look more extreme left , wanting fully open borders , accusing anyone and everyone of racism . 
  this only drives the right wingers further right , which drives the left wingers further left . 
  make norway great again, 
  gah , theresa ca n't even get basic french right . 
  what is this world coming to, 
  their hips just want to lie, 
  same here in glagsow , but with a buckfast bottle lying in the gutter, 
  it 's exactly the same as scottish independence !, 
  both of them are so hypocritical . 
  all the arguments that westminster use against scottish independence are exactly the same that were used * for * brexit . 
  and the snp are simply criticising the brexit for tactics that they themselves are using for independence . 
  it 's like being controlled by a bunch of children, 
   disregarding something just because it was said by someone you do n't like this is the case with about 90 % of the internet ; it 's not exclusive to spain . 
  thanks , 
   that 's why you need the eu yeah , i think that 's why we like the eu so much to be honest . 
  god , i really hope we are have sneaky talks with the eu and that everything will work out for the best, 
  yes , there are a lot of talks about independence but many of us ( myself included ) are unsure about how we will cope on our own based on currency , debt , pensions , health service , defence etc. 
  plus , i know if we get independence , the uk will fuck us over any chance they get because we left them . 
  and this 'll be the same people moaning about how the eu is n't giving them special treatment despite them leaving the eu, 
  i fully agree . 
  we were the idiots that decided to leave . 
  if we wanted the benefits of staying , we should n't have voted to leave . 
  ps , i fucking hate that i 'm getting dragged away from eu guys :'(, 
  that does n't do anything to indicate quality . 
  all it indicates is that * a lot * of britons read a shit newspaper, 
  also , many people are n't aligned to one side for * all * of their views . 
  i have views from both sides depending on what the topic is . 
  obviously there are the hardcore right wingers and hardcore left wingers , but the majority of critically thinking adults do not fit into purely left or purely right . 
  as a brit , i can relate to this . 
  i hate when this happens, 
  only nazis have that much choice !, 
  almost sounds like what an australian would call it since they abbreviate everything, 
  `` soviet nazis '' that 's brilliant . 
  so ironic, 
  hey , you watch what you 're saying or i 'm going to set iratxe garcia perez on you !, 
  this is what worries me about scottish independence . 
  we leave the uk , eu does n't let us in because spain do n't want to give catalonia hope and we 're left to be a shitty country on the edge of europe that no one will trade with because big bad uk will fuck us over every chance they get . 
  that , and the only party that has any chance of power is snp , leaving us a one party state that could become very easy to abuse . 
  that post is so funny and cute, 
  * i 'm * jamming to it man , it 's such a catchy song, 
  lol , i love how ashamed you spanish people are about despacito, 
  ah right . 
  i 'm new to this sub so i did not pick up on it . 
  care to explain ? 
  well i have come to realise that itunes maybe was n't the best choice as a source , so you might be in luck . 
  although , it 's also the highest on spotify, 
  um , australia and mexico are n't europe mate, 
  yep , not a single irish song in their itunes top 200, 
  yeah , i 've come to the realisation that itunes maybe was n't the best source to use since it is n't as popular as i thought so it 's quite inaccurate, 
  okay , fair enough . 
  do you have a reliable source for serbian music charts ? 
  in case i decide to do one of these again, 
  i had actually considered making one of these for south america , but despacito is at the top of every fucking country apart from brazil, 
  yeah , the serbian one is questionable . 
  it was n't a very reliable looking source . 
  since making it , i 'm not entirely sure if it even is in serbian ? 
  itunes is still pretty popular in my country . 
  i did n't realise until now that it is n't that popular in many eastern european countries, 
  itunes . 
  it 's currently at number 9 and is the highest estonian language song on that chart . 
  itunes . 
  it 's possible that some of these have only just been released and because itunes updates in real time , there 's a chance you wo n't have heard of some of them, 
  it 's not necessarily for helping with anything . 
  i just thought it would be an interesting project because i enjoy maps and also enjoy listening to music in other languages , so i mixed them both to get this .
