  but , if you insist : http://www.confessionsofanexmuslim.com/ https://youtu.be/daqevac4_-e https://www.google.co.uk/amp/s/areomagazine.com/2016/12/19/sarah-haider-on-leaving-islam-changing-liberals-minds-and-ex-muslims-of-north-america/amp/ https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/maajid_nawaz https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_rights_by_country_or_territory https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/women_in_islam edit : just to add , it actually makes me sick the amount of backlash i get from other left wingers for trying to progress women 's rights in islamic countries . 
  if i were to say `` alright culture warrior '' to western feminists who are trying to promote women 's rights in the west , i would be a complete misogynist . 
  haha , you 're actually calling me a racist for criticising the misogyny within a religion ? 
  you 're na\u00efve to think that the oppression that women face within islam is the result of a few abusive relationships ; something that would make many muslim women feel let down by the `` progressive '' movement . 
  of course not all women within islam experience oppression , but to ignore those who do because `` they 're not all like that '' or by shrugging it off as a few `` abusive relationships '' is utter complacency in the fight for women 's rights . 
  you want a source about how these women were forced to live oppressive lives ? 
  why do n't you actually do some research into their lives ; they 're all very open about it . 
  as i 've said in many comments prior to this : i get that there are liberals in the muslim world as much as there are liberals in the west . 
  but , i 'm fighting against the far right conservatism within the religion in the same way that i fight against far right conservatism in christianity . 
  others on the left are happy to fight far right conservatism in christianity , why not fight it in islam too ? 
  interesting sources . 
  i had a look into them , and i 'm akin to believing that she is using islam to advance her career which is a shitty move . 
  however , just because this one woman happened to actually live an okay life , and lied about islam to advance her career , i 'm not going to change my mind on the way islam treats women , in general . 
  of course , there are liberals in islam as much as there are liberals in the west , but the islamic conservatives are so much worse than the western conservatives and they do exist . 
  hirsi ali may have lied about certain things , but that does n't discredit the things that did happen to her . 
  not to forget the way the yasmine mohammed was treated by her own family and the ordeal that sarah haider experienced . 
  even majid nawaz who fought as part of a `` jihad '' group . 
  do n't mistake my criticisms as bigotry towards their culture . 
  i have nothing against it and am happy to accept the peaceful and beautiful aspects of it . 
  i 'm against the far right conservatism that is prevalent within it , however , and it 's something i 'm really surprised that more left wingers have n't taken a stronger stance on considering their position on conservative christianity . 
  yeah , it 's a difficult conundrum we are all in , and one that seems to be dividing so many people . 
  there are people who are moderates that support muslim people and moderates who criticise the religion . 
  there are also extremists who are genuinely racist , and there are extremists that will deny that anything is wrong with islam . 
  i do n't think we should allow either of the extremists to prevent us from discussing the problems with islam and the support that we should provide the muslim people who are in need . 
  i know , i 'm more talking about in general at this point . 
  it 's a very common occurrence ( on reddit , at least ) to just call someone a racist or fascist when they criticise islam . 
  and , of course , people that say shit like `` ca n't wait for a truck of tolerance to drive right through them '' are just assholes ; please do n't associate people like me ( who genuinely criticise islam for its treatment of women ) with people like that . 
  yeah , i ca n't stand when people just say `` le tolerant left '' or `` lalala , religion of peace '' . 
  it just shuts down any form of discussion ; similar to when someone just brings out the racism or fascism card to shut down any discussion . 
  i get that , and i can appreciate that many people do `` criticise '' the hijab , or other muslim traditions as an excuse to be racist . 
  but , that problem is worsened by those who scream `` racist '' as soon as someone * genuinely * criticises the religion . 
  i 'm not hating on this woman at all , and i do n't see anyone else doing that either . 
  what i see are a bunch of people , some more extreme than others , criticising the hijab . 
  now , fair enough , this woman may be living a free life and has happily chosen to wear it and i fully support that . 
  however , we know that is n't the case for many muslim women , and by downplaying this fact , you 're not helping solve the problem at hand . 
  um , not sure if you live under a rock , or what , but people most certainly ** do ** give a shit about conservative workplace codes . 
  i 've always been against the way christianity treats women and gay people , and i think most other liberal people do also . 
  so , there are no inconsistencies here . 
  fair enough , some racists probably do come out of the cracks and use it as an excuse to be racist , but criticising the way islam treats women and fighting for these women 's rights is not racist . 
  we 're not conflating women wearing a hijab with jihad . 
  the previous commenter 's mention of jihad probably is n't very relevant to the discussion at hand about the hijab , to be fair . 
  and , i have n't once shat all over the culture ; nowhere have i criticised anything in muslim culture , other than the poor treatment of women . 
  i have nothing against women wearing a hijab provided they have chosen to do so . 
  what i am fighting for is the women 's rights in islamic states , which i think everyone should be doing !, 
  in response to your edit , can you link me to a source that suggests this , or shows this ? 
  as far as i 'm aware , ayaan hirsi ali was a victim of fgm , forced marriage and brutal violence as a teenager . 
  she escaped , and has since given talks and written articles about the dangers and oppression of islam . 
  many on the left dislike this because it goes against their narrative of supporting islam so they spread misinformation about her ( that she 's a misogynist , white supremacist etc ) , and that apparently she advocates for the killing of all muslims . 
  i highly doubt that is true , but if you can show me a source where she does , i 'm happy to change my mind about her . 
  excuse me while i cry at your ignorance and stupidity . 
  of course , i understand that many women choose to wear the hijab which i am perfectly fine with . 
  what i am against is forcing women to wear it to appear `` decent '' in front of men without giving them the choice . 
  i get that some women are perfectly fine with that way of life , but there are many more that are not fine with it and are trapped in toxic , forced marriages that oppress them through violence , belittling and shaming . 
  why ca n't people see this and fight for * these * women , rather than shrugging it off as racism and automatically assume that those of us who do try fighting for these women 's rights are just alt-right fascists ? 
  what happened to the left where they 'd rather support a horrendously far right religion in the name of tolerance and ignore all these women that are oppressed under it ? 
  i 'm beyond the point of caring whether people think i 'm a fascist ; if that 's what i have to be labelled as to fight for the rights of oppressed women , then that 's what i will be . 
  ugh , do n't try pulling out the racist card, 
   just because we had the crusades some centuries ago it does n't make it less backwards.that they want to jyhad us i see the argument that christians were bad too as an argument in defence of jihad and i never understand it . 
  for one , i 'm not christian , so that argument does n't resonate with me anyway , and plus , christians have n't been doing the stuff that the jihadists are doing now for centuries . 
  it 's a really poor attempt at an argument in my opinion . 
  my grandma was similar until my grandpa died . 
  she was a firm believer of `` women should be seen and not heard '' , but now she 's such a happy , free spirit . 
  she 's like a completely different woman compared to when i was a child , its amazing . 
  because they 're the women i know of that discuss islam from their own experiences . 
  i 'm happy to listen to women that are pro islam if you are willing to suggest some to me . 
  yeah , i guess it depends on your upbringing . 
  sounds like your grandma was brought up in a fairly conservative family and that is what she believes as a result . 
  i guess violence does n't necessarily have to play a part in it for it to become your way of life . 
  obviously , there are liberal muslim families that do not comply with the rules of the qur ` an , but i believe there are more that do than do not . 
  it does n't help when the majority of islamic countries do not have separation of religion and state , so islamic law applies to everyone in the country , even non-muslims . 
  yes , that 's a fair point . 
  however , women do n't * have * to wear skirts , makeup , high heels etc. 
  the qur ` an explicitly instructs women of the muslim faith to wear a hijab in the company of men ( many of whom do n't even want to ) . 
  i suggest you watch yasmine mohammed or ayaan hirsi ali or sarah haider talk on dave rubin 's show . 
  these are all women that were forced to live oppressive lives in a muslim family . 
  yasmine mohammed actually discusses the hijab as well . 
  edit : misspelled yasmine 's first name ; fixed it now . 
  well it does have some pretty misogynistic roots so you can sort of understand why it triggers so many people . 
  i do n't think argentina will like that, 
  kinda like a penguin reading a newspaper, 
   that kind of potential only exists with far-left and far-right extremists . 
  yes , i agree with that . 
  i was n't exactly going into it as far as completely changing the democratic system ; i was only pointing out that politicians ignoring their campaign promises is not exclusive to right wing candidates . 
  thanks for that , it was very informative . 
  however , i was just making an observation that politicians ignoring their campaign promises is not exclusive to right wing candidates , that was all . 
  this is a fantastic analogy . 
  not responding to your question , but does n't that line you quoted apply to most politicians , left or right ? 
  i was recently listening to a podcast with dave rubin and yasmin mohammed and she talked about how `` the left '' of the west are actually supporting the far right sectors of the middle east in an attempt to be more inclusive to muslims . 
  she 's a liberal , ex-muslim herself who is trying to spread awareness of the dangers of islam and how oppressive it is , yet she is often labelled a racist , bigot and even white supremacist because she gets support from the right in the us . 
  i think it 's a really interesting , albeit scary , turn of events when the western left are actually supporting the middle eastern far right , and it 's the western * right * who are the ones that are supporting the middle eastern liberals . 
  i know . 
  but just because you have one set of beliefs , does n't mean you ca n't be open to considering others , at least in a theoretical sense , even if they are polar opposites . 
  let 's just make this clear , i do n't support communism , nor do i wish it upon any state . 
  my original point was that communism may be a feasible solution to automation if it is put in place properly and not hap-hazardly by some selfish dictator . 
  i did n't say i * want * that , though . 
  i do n't support communism , but i see it as more feasible under automation provided it is done right . 
  that does n't mean i * want * communism . 
  and just because i 'm more of a libertarian , does n't mean i 'm 100 % libertarian . 
  basically , i like many ideals of libertarianism , but am open to accepting aspects other models . 
  yup .
