  so you would say that baltics are also under us rule . 
  just if you ask people , majority support bigger army and majority want nato bases in our countries . 
  sometimes it happens that different countries have same goals . 
  sometimes it even happens that voters agree with their governments . 
  surprise eh ? 
  nato is all good but first of all every member has signed an agreement of those 2 % , second - you never know what waits in the future . 
  you have to be prepared when you live next to the russia . 
  in lithuania we have conscription back but more than 90 % of this years quota were volunteers . 
  interesting what numbers will be next year . 
  so actually no nato country expressed their disagreement . 
  so what did you want from west ? 
  they dealt with president that russians have elected and with one who wanted to deal with the west . 
  or should they have supported ziuganov instead ? 
  economical and social disarray after ussr collapse is no ones fault . 
  citizens of ussr were not prepared to deal with democracy and free market . 
  but some countries did n't give up and now have functioning democracies . 
  russia just got back to the good old - dictatorship and blaming everyone just itself . 
  same story here . 
  glad we jumped the fence when we had a chance . 
  you guys are crazy . 
  hopefully . 
  i hope some agreement between eu and russia will be made . 
  it 's in interest of everyone , and we would n't need to depend on usa so strongly which is also good for everyone . 
  maybe `` joy '' is not a right word , `` malevolence '' suits better . 
  when russia is on the active streak ( like now ) they rarely get any good word but when they calm down we start business right away and say that russians are good people just their leaders are cunts . 
  normal relationships without those spheres of influence and other neocolonial bulshit would benefit everyone greatly . 
  and we would love it , we need russian market and we can work in it well , we know russian culture , they know us , etc. 
  but now i 'm not sure it 's possible in the nearest future . 
  i would describe it as silent joy . 
  no one shows joy very openly but in privet lots of people are pretty exited . 
  and of course more educated people are happy that russo-franco alliance wo n't be so firm . 
  i 'd suggest you inform yourself on nuclear weaponry a bit more . 
  what judgement you are talking about ? 
  it 's geopolitics in very clusterfucked region not a trial where someone is right and someone is wrong . 
  people just happy that putin met a `` partner '' who plays the same game . 
  '' ... the article itself says nothing about shooting down russian jets ? '', 
  what ? 
  is this an argument about something ? 
  you ca n't really believe that one cruiser can obliterate all country and 600 k big army . 
  or do you ? 
  i agree , in two weeks we 'll see how all this is developing . 
  geopolitics around syria are so dynamic . 
  i 'm from eastern europe , history showed that we are n't best specialists at containing that kind of fiends . 
  spillovers are possible . 
  turkey has a second biggest army in nato , one cruiser is a message but a very weak one . 
  baltics have numerous missiles directed at us and russian war games about nuclear attacks in our region . 
  and what ? 
  nothing . 
  well shit started when russia decided to meddle in turkey affairs . 
  as big supporter of spheres of influence , putin should understand that people like him ( in this case erdogan ) wo n't like his moves in syria . 
  putin and russia just tasted their own medicine and it seems they did n't like it . 
  you comment like you think that after this event russia is the stronger side . 
  it is not . 
  this event showed one thing - putin talks the talk but does n't walk the walk when he has to deal with strong country . 
  must be too used to harass small and weak states . 
  more likely tourists from other countries will come when loudmouth russians are gone . 
  you really believe russia will launch a nuclear missile at nato member ? 
  where are all pro-russian commentators who are so active in other subs ? 
  is this information is outside your narrative ? 
  as i see it , turks do n't need any guarantees . 
  they were not afraid of russian reaction in the first place . 
  ass always when russia stirs some shit bunch of active pro-russian commentators appear . 
  in all shapes and all colors . 
  you forgot s / or what ? 
  you present this fact separated from the context . 
  what about other numerous times when russian aircrafts violated border ? 
  what about bombing trukmens ? 
  what about russian ambassador called by ankara to talk about all those things ? 
  russia was playing with the fire from the beginning . 
  turks had a lot of patience before reacting . 
  also interesting if russians will have balls to violate turkish airspace . 
  it 's so funny to watch how russians like the taste of their own medicine . 
  and how all their panache evaporates when they stand against country fitter than ukraine , georgia , moldova or any of the baltics . 
  do n't understand me wrong , i 'm not the supporter of erdogan , i just like the situation where putin met his mirror image . 
  now we for sure will see what happens when you `` provoke putin '' . 
  i guess - not much . 
  turks balanced out renewed russian-french relationships . 
  i do not deny but you cant have a free society where everyone is thinking the same . 
  i do n't see it as a problem , it 's an opportunity to have mote balanced politics . 
  those issues are still present but they are changing . 
  it 's almost imosible to change older generation but younglings already have different views . 
  change is slow nut it 's here . 
  yep , it 's pretty funny . 
  i take pride in being ee , a region which started the revolution and ended soviet rule . 
  and ee has this flare of tough no-jabba-jokes people which i like also . 
  you could say that about bunch of natives also , especially when we talk ee . 
  just ask about gay rights in lithuania or poland and you 'll see what i mean . 
  i hope not . 
  project is not canceled , it was a first try , 
  sorry , no proof of that it 's not an open official information , i know it because i work with some projects in that field . 
  mate , in germany there are big communities where they can try to create life in new country by old rules , in poland they would have only welfare and would have to integrate for good . 
  millions from ee went illegally to west , worked and lived illegally for years and years . 
  some still do this in usa . 
  why would those refugees be different ? 
  mate , a delegation from lithuanian interior ministry went to greece camps to get some people from eritrea , syria and iraq . 
  not even one wanted to go . 
  should we kidnap them or what ? 
  wow, 
  love it !, 
  one more reason to visit odessa again .
