  a solution that would gather more solidarity from members , would appeal to more members . 
  true , we had banks owned by russia , oil company owned by russia and big chunk of export . 
  that 's true , but it does n't change a fact that she did n't succeed in any diplomatic or economic victories with russia . 
  putin just played his own game and had his own objectives for years no matter what she tried . 
  grybauskait\u0117 had all kind of ideas , very few came true . 
  she tried to warm up to russia , to warm up to belarus , wrecked relationship with poland . 
  it 's just her dreams not based on reality and thus her mistakes , not tendencies from russia . 
  ok , i 'll try  the biggest political party in lithuania ( most seats in parliament ) is a mirror image of yanukovich party in ukraine : ordinary members are int he party only for gains , leader is influenced by russia . 
  our guy viktro uspaskich ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/viktor_uspaskich ) is an oligarch who ran to hide in russia when prosecution were after him . 
  if i remember right it was two times . 
  we have all kind of small political organizations and parties who work directly with russia . 
  their voice is not very loud at home but they make good material for russian tv channels . 
  we have russian tv and internet media all over the place . 
  some of it is just pop culture , some of it total propaganda , some of it total insanity ( like two channels dedicated to conspiracy theories ) . 
  and it works , people watch tv and people believe tv . 
  even totally insane things . 
  so we get some part of population which thinks it 's ruled by fascist-gay-usa oppressors . 
  how to treat them , no one knows , because only working treatment is stop watching that shit . 
  we ca n't just shut down the channels because of freedom of speech and some of the cable providers are swedish so we ca n't make them work by our law . 
  from the fall of ussr lithuania had lots of business relationships with russia , lots of exports , lots of logistics and we imported loads of oil/gas . 
  our exports of meat , milk products etc. 
  were stopped for numerous times . 
  one day trucks come to the border and they can not cross . 
  it always were connected with some political issues . 
  now our exports totally reversed towards west . 
  2015\u00a01/4 lithuanian export to russia was 13,7 % of all our export . 
  keep in mind that most part of export to russia is actually a reexport , we just provide logistics to other countries . 
  so 20 + years of being neighbors and from totally integrated economics and 50 years of living in the same country we left with few percent . 
  then nordstream was built and we had no other way to buy gas so russia used the price to influence lithuanian politics . 
  well and usual small harassment : denying wrongdoings of ussr , threats , insults and so on . 
  i think russia never forgave us that we chose west , that we did it so fast and with out any resentment . 
  i can relate to that . 
  it should really be hard to stay calm when so much unjust shit is poured over your country . 
  stay strong , 
  nato is also a political organization , and lack of political will can prevent it from working . 
  but when ukraine started i see that political will is still there so no big worries on this front . 
  for us problems always came from other means of influence : propaganda , economics , corrupting our politicians and so on . 
  in this front nato has much less power and our eu partners mean much more . 
  but it 's a very complex problem which i doubt can be fully solved without federation . 
  edit : grammar, 
  i think , if we want to get some real solutions we have to speak more about problems from technical pow and less about disgraces , abstract values , etc. 
  we can spit on each other for years and still have more unsolved disgraces and grievances . 
  and everyone will think that truth is on their side . 
  i hope so very much . 
  my personal dream is that at some point we ( baltic states ) would no longer need to rely on usa , and could feel a full part of europe with common interests . 
  thank you . 
  good to hear . 
  and what should they do ? 
  italy cries for help were ignored until problem got out of hand . 
  if deflecting refugees is the only way to make central countries to react then why not ? 
  sweden is transporting migrants to finland , germany lets them pass to denmark and so on . 
  everyone is playing the hot potato and will be playing until common solution will be found . 
  you have a point . 
  on other had , this spitting game was started in germany , austria and sweden . 
  i have to admit , you are right . 
  i hope this crisis will reveal more of all kinds of solidarity problems in eu and solving those problems will bring us to better understanding of each other . 
  at least in baltic region tensions with russia were always present . 
  we had a nice period when yeltsin was just half drunk but when putin came to power we were pounded on regular basis . 
  as i understand , germans felt no tensions what so ever , even when georgia was teared apart . 
  we live in different worlds . 
  could be that germans are not so interested in such details , it 's was not they who had to pay huge prices to gazprom for years . 
  still , my emphasis is not on election but on job at gazprom . 
  from other side , germany and russia always had special relation even during soviet era . 
  so countries who also have `` special '' relationship , just special in other way , have to see more clearly where germany is on russian issue and stand our ground firmer . 
  and invite our allies from usa to act stronger . 
  edit : grammar, 
  i also love how germans have no problem with schr\u00f6der starting to work for gazprom right after he lost the election . 
  and right after he worked on germany-gazprom deal for years . 
  such solidarity , such high values . 
  wow, 
  mp speaks in the same fashion and spirit as german leaders do . 
  what 's wrong with it ? 
  `` the nord stream 2 project can not be regarded only as a commercial project because current russian government has long used energy policy as a tool of political pressure , whereas pricing is used to affect domestic policies of other countries or even to destabilise the situation , '' emphasised mep landsbergis . '', 
  `` meanwhile , if the eu is following the principle of solidarity , then it must not be selective . '', 
  i vote for homosex . 
  so no worries is that what you 're saying ? 
  mind telling why did you compare russia to ukraine , not poland , saudi , iran , belarus , baltics ? 
  you have a popular far right party in estonia ? 
  in lithuania they are such a joke , world could end and they would have no chances to get into parliament . 
  their void is filled with conservatives . 
  they have a neocon religious wing but moderates are in power over party . 
  edit : power over party . 
  in lithuania i see that some political parties make loud talks about the issue but it 's just talks for popularity points . 
  even opposition in parliament just talks and makes no real effort to change anything . 
  we are just moving with the flow as always . 
  in public it 's just a hot topic but no one is doing anything or planning to do . 
  some pro refugee people organize some help , some mayors said they are pro or they are against , 50 people gathered in pro demonstration and there is still no anti demonstration . 
  i think lithuania will talk some but in reality will do what eu wants and if we wo n't get thousands of somalis running in the streets with machetes , everything will calm down pretty quickly . 
  especially if russia will start some more active shit , because russia is always the best click-bait our media . 
  in lithuania it is still covered vastly but i think tone became more moderate . 
  anti migrant articles are less hysterical and pro refugee is more balanced it 's not only dead babies . 
  and you get balanced articles more or less based on logic than emotion ( which is something very new ) . 
  if a common solution will be agreed ( which seems to be the case ) negotiations will be smoother . 
  do n't you think ? 
  how exactly crash of germany would benefit all of europe ? 
  consensus is impossible ? 
  really ? 
  eu countries already agreed on distributing some of refugees and now when merkel began to talk what everyone want to hear , consensus becomes impossible ? 
  how is that ? 
  it seems so that a particular group tries to keep the discourse closed by any means .
