since when germany dictates what european values are ? 
  we have been in one union where all equal but somehow one nation is more equal then others . 
  the whole europe should dance to german politics because you like it so much ? 
  if you want more of usa influence in europe and more conflict , go ahead . 
  i 'll prepare some popcorn waiting for those riots . 
  i think you 'll join after a fight , and do n't get me wrong , i support your fight very much . 
  i think in the end every eu country will take amounts of refugees , maybe it wo n't be called quotas , but still . 
  i just hope with you and polan fighting , all c/e europe will get more money from germany to process the refugees . 
  we take quotas of refugees , you keep those sanctions in place firmly . 
  european solidarity boyz . 
  people who `` survive on those 325 '' already vote for populists , so it wo n't change anything . 
  will those 600 eur come from lt budget ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  and of course one refugee costs more than local , you have to teach language , integrate and so on . 
  but that 's not a point , the point is that refugees are coming and solutions are still not catching up , so we will have more of them in europe , and we have to solve the problem . 
  we can do this quota . 
  i bet we can easily do at least 1000 every year . 
  would just need some money to pour into integration industry and we 're good to go . 
  with pleasure if it would be mine decision . 
  we just need time and good example to change the moods , 
  good news , they start to solve the problem . 
  majority in lithuania see u.s. as an ally . 
  we consume lot 's of u.s. culture throw cinema , tv , music , books and we like it . 
  so i 'd say , general attitude is positive . 
  of course we 'll find some good 20 % who will see u.s. more negatively because of wars , and some having a russian view point on u.s. , nato and shit in general . 
  from a geopolitical point of view , for lithuania u.s. is the most important strategical ally . 
  they give us protection and we work for them in un , eu , intelligence field and so on . 
  i see it as a good deal and hope that it will last . 
  lithuania has no choice in its geographical position , it 's either russia or some other big military country . 
  now it 's u.s. and for us they are not the worst protection mafiozis around . 
  of course they do some really shitty stuff in some places but you have to be realistic about those things . 
  it 's a possibility i do n't even want to think about :( if nato would collapse and usa withdraw its military influence from europe , baltics would be fucked for good . 
  german deepthroat and some big russian from behind as it happened numerous times in history . 
  at least in baltics , our security is based on strategical ( from our perspective ) alliance with usa ( nato ) . 
  that should n't change no matter what happens with eu . 
  dude comes from bulgaria , so of course he has lower standards . 
  it 's just strange that german university has the same shit like universities in balkans and post-soviet europe . 
  oh , we understand that love very well . 
  even if we wo n't go deep into history mr. gerhard schroder and his love for russian money will always be remembered . 
  great stuff !, 
  thank you . 
  what the fuck guys ? 
  handle your jesus . 
  fascinating . 
  i need to visit siberia someday . 
  we all love some good old s & m in east europe < 3, 
  that hungarian stuff were real bubbles . 
  just imagine , full bag of different color bubbles o_o, 
  yeah that gave me some perspective on capitalism vs communism . 
  no bubbles in cccp but sometimes it was possible to get the shittiest gum called `` piglet chuk '' . 
  that stuff lost taste in 10 seconds and was unchewable in a minute . 
  bubble gum . 
  i had a pleasure to visit hungary and they had bubble gum , my mother bought me a big bag of it and i was in shock . 
  could n't believe that i 'm really an owner of all that . 
  love it !, 
  young people in the video are political science students . 
  that 's a crimea for you . 
  so no facts just oversimplified youtube and twitter based pov with no regards to complex realities of real situation . 
  thanks , we can end the discussion here . 
  and what 's kaliningrad ? 
  and what about belarus with all those russian military bases ? 
  lithuania also does n't have `` real border '' but it did n't prevent our occupation . 
  the fact is that there are no facts about these claims , just putins words which you chose to believe . 
  it 's about regional dominion not about isis oil . 
  this game was between turkey , iran and saudis , then putin came and began to act as a hegemon in turkeys backyard , bombing rebels that turkey supports , empowering assad , strengthening iran position . 
  it 's just natural that turkey got angry . 
  isis oil has nothing to do with all this . 
  totally agree , hollande has a spine . 
  and that leaves us with a question - who 's better prepared for consequences and who had what plans for such situation . 
  well it 's a bit different situation . 
  in this case it 's war going on just over the border , it 's turkmen involved , it 's turkeys plans for syria overruled by russia and more . 
  it 's not a random showmanship in the middle of nowhere . 
  i think russia expected to be treated as always . 
  they even kidnapped estonian officer and nothing happened . 
  so i think putin decided that he can act as he wishes and nato will stay put as always . 
  it 's just strange that he believed that he can fuck up turkeys plans in it 's backyard and they wo n't object . 
  it 's really a good question . 
  do they have a plan ? 
  fair enough . 
  i think in those times optimism for the future was very high . 
  have you even read the article ? 
  number of refugees that will be taken by usa is agreed some time ago , now they talk about diplomatic help dealing with gulf states , about cooperation in mid and about sharing know how for border control . 
  you will , we wo n't . 
  and let the bargain about refugee quotas begin . 
  but it is the same story , why would anyone sell different one when reality and the story are the same ? 
  times change you know . 
  back then russia was not a totalitarian state ruled by kgb and trying to overthrow western dominion . 
  even lithuania were kinda buddies with russia during yeltsin rule . 
  we even had a pact of not fucking over each other in intelligence field . 
  now they kidnap officers form estonia . 
  nato ai n't creeping , countries are jumping in with great enthusiasm . 
  first thing lithuania did when regained independence was to establish strategic policy of joining nato and eu . 
  i agree , from russian pov nato is creeping to their borders but form small ex-soviet states pov - we are running away from those fuckers as fast as we can . 
  in two hundred years we got more than enough of russian rule . 
  anything is better . 
  i like this new polish government . 
  we wo n't have to shout so loud about russia and 'll get a breather . 
  the same with refugees . 
  while poles are fighting for common foreign policy interests we can concentrate on internal matters . 
  at least i hope we will do that .
