  netflix have been adding more stiff to europe . 
  alk the star trek shows , house , some other stuff , plus all the newer originals ( house of cards is tied up elsewhere in most countries . ), 
  i guess it depends on what you wanted to watch but they 've been adding a lot . 
  actually most of europe has rick and morty on netflix http://unogs.com/video/?v=80014749, 
  british . 
  physically nothing . 
  legally , the law . 
  it 's a joke , the puzzle pieces do n't align with the border exactly . 
  part of france is also included with britain . 
  yeah , i 'm going to go ahead and say that burning irish flags is n't going to be one thing that would be tolerated after unification . 
  the derry/londonderry dispute is a local issue that angsty people like to stroke themselves over that has no real impact on anyone else . 
  the name of a public national service is far more important to the actual majority than some place in the north famous just for petting name squabbling . 
  it 's more geographically european than cyprus and they 're in the eu . 
  india is south asia , not south east asia . 
  sea is thailand , vietnam , malaysia , philippines etc. 
  iceland and luxembourg do n't seem to have that issue though ? 
  well , those are the gaeltacht areas , where people actually speak it . 
  they gave more rights , responsibilities and benefits to civil partnerships , not marriage equality . 
  your downvotes are because of your condescension . 
  only videos available to the usa i think . 
  if it 's blocked there youpak wo n't work . 
  i think the comics were here but i think the animated series was n't aired ... not that i remember anyway . 
  calm your tits , one guy claiming something on the internet does not represent some mass irish viking delusion . 
  i watched the first episode and was n't interested . 
  does it turn into a so bad its good show ? 
  if you and all your fellow tenants vote out your landlord it does n't have any legal effect . 
  i always see macau mentioned in the same breath as hong kong , so i assumed they were effectively dependant on it and not mainland china . 
  netflix 's availability has become a weird geopolitical barometer . 
  actually ... ireland calls it soccer . 
  perhaps to differ it from gaelic . 
  football , perhaps because of americanism , perhaps just to be obstinate . 
  nope , just lack of motivated editors . 
  all of wikipedia 's writing is in cc-by-sa https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.0/ ? 
  you can reuse its content anywhere as long as you attribute , including the different language versions of it of course . 
  ( pictures and other media are often fair use , you ca n't just reuse them anywhere . ), 
  you forgot northern ireland . 
  of course it 's possible . 
  but it 's not an icelandic native name , no . 
  it was just a long-needed reflection of the need of an english language $ service for english-speaking expats , ireland , malta , and english speakers in non-localised countries like portugal and the netherlands . 
  i think you 're reading it wrong , ireland does n't have an approval rating . 
  depends on country . 
  irish for chieftain . 
  northern ireland is their home , through both self-determination and legal territorial administration of the uk . 
  quarantine subs ? 
  montenegrin being a fourth version . 
  catalan-speaking microstate between spain and france . 
  co-principality where both spain and france are responsible for its defence and each country has a monarch or something . 
  is there any momentum on them joining ? 
  actually , you should leave all the microstates out , they are n't in the eu officially . 
  not me . 
  ukraine . 
  just ukraine , no the . 
  erm , what constitutes active atheism ? 
  an enclave is something like san marino or lesotho . 
  kalingrad is an exclave . 
  it 's not a country . 
  it 's a territory of denmark . 
  that case against stephen fry went nowhere . 
  the blasphemy law is meant to be unenforceable , the constitution mandates one . 
  it 's a joke we have n't repealed it , but we are n't actually prosecuting blasphemy, 
  yeah , looks like it . 
  i did n't bring it up . 
  israeli and palestinian flags are also sometimes involved between both sides . 
  no , unless their electorate changes their mind about them having to swear an oath of loyalty to the queen and crown , they wo n't . 
  never say never but it 's something very fundamental to their policies . 
  there 's still segregation in northern ireland today . 
  i do n't think they really know which they want . 
  they 'd be for brexit for the same reasons tories are , but a hard border would fuck up northern ireland hard . 
  not really . 
  it does n't mention their links to terrorists in the ulster volunteer force . 
   a bunch of empty mailbox companies you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  it 's norway . 
   so why even give yourself a name that foreigners ( i.e. 
  the romans ) gave you centuries ago which does not accurately correspond to the present day name or geography of the country because `` bohemia '' is cool . 
  because of bohemian rhapsody . 
  you do n't know what you 're missing !, 
  in seriousness i do recommend dominion creek and love hate . 
  and not much else . 
  that 's wrong or outdated . 
  * us : 4024 movies 1398 series * slovakia : 1905 movies 801 series source : http://unogs.com/countrydetail/, 
  i recommend unogs.com for netflix global cataloguing . 
  maltese tv is actually in maltese , they speak english as second language but it 's not primarily an english speaking country like ireland is . 
  they ca n't simply add a season of homeland if someone else has the license . 
  which makes me wonder what 'll happen if european studios refuse to license to netflix to meet the quota . 
  this is a problem with a quota , netflix ca n't just license european stuff without hassle . 
  will you take irish shows as a substitute after brexit ? 
  rt\u00c9 shows , of course !, 
  season 2 is n't on netflix anywhere yet . 
  it 's held up for whatever reason , even though they have the international rights . 
  incidentally http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/5-potential-partners-netflix-russia-1001063?utm_source=twitter i think you wo n't be able to use netflix in russia after july . 
  netflix already does polish dubbing for its polish catalogue . 
  israel has also long participated , but are apparently leaving after this year . 
  this is actually a ukrainian prankster pretending to be australian . 
  a very secret service is branded as a netflix original outside france . 
  i got a lot of `` not our problem '' responses when i brought up the effects of possible impacts brexit on ireland before the referendum . 
  note we gave 12 to belgium ... it was definitely political . 
  ( i did n't vote . ), 
  i got a lot of `` not our problem '' responses on r/unitedkingdom when i brought up the effects of possible impacts brexit on ireland before the referendum . 
  note we gave 12 to belgium ... it was definitely political . 
  ( i did n't vote . ),
