http://africairish.com/?page_id=40 this does n't look that expensive . 
  i hear you , as economically ignorant as i am . 
  can this all reach its consequences after i get a job and move out , though ? ... 
  eh , are we not welcoming to eu companies as much as american ones ? 
  i have n't heard of us pushing them away . 
  i really just want to get a job and move out before this hits . 
  i am economically completely ignorant , but i see this is very bad news . 
  oh yeah , i know , should have specified that . 
  i still needed money to live off of though , so i 'm spending this year trying to save ( limerick is bad for jobs ... . :( ) so i can afford to do a masters . 
  for undergrad you get a maintenance grant , but not postgrad . 
  i just graduated and i 'm saving up to afford living while doing a postgrad . 
  ( because i come from a welfare family , and because my degree was sadly kind of useless . 
  i 'm thinking of doing a postgrad in something completely different with more job potential . ), 
  now ? 
  the currency does n't exist anymore . 
  i did see one guy in assless chaps during dublin pride a few years back . 
  that 's the only time i saw public nudity/exhibitionism in the last five years i 've gone . 
  though a lot of other provocative parades take place during the nighttime , so i do n't think it 's the same when people do something gross at pride parades then at mardi gras . 
  nothing stopping , but impeding . 
  they have to sign contracts with countries individually , and that allows a lot more competition than the potential for a blanket license . 
  i shared the same opinion , but i 've since worried it 'll lead to murdoch/newscorp owning the rights to tv shows and movies across the eu . 
  well , our corporate tax laws are definitely not appreciated , so maybe not anymore . 
  i would say there was a good chance we would have been a decade ago . 
  the irish constitution does actually mention marriage/families , unlike most older constitutions . 
  it does n't ban ssm though , it just says that the government must defend the family unit ( and originally banned divorce . ), 
  it was worried a court could rule a marriage equality law would violate that clause , saying the traditional family unit was n't defended ( of course , the law defends same sex families . ), 
  democratic republicanism does n't mean the people rule . 
  it means the people elect those who are educated and experienced enough to understand issues and vote in the best interests of society , without being swayed by society 's random whims to suddenly institute the death penalty or ban islam or alcohol or what have you . 
  yeah my dad said i should take a photo and i told him about the laws on it , and when he asked about press photos like that i did n't know what to tell him . 
  yeah , i followed the french protests on blogs . 
  along with what i saw of california 's prop 8 , this all went much more civilly here then i feared it might . 
  there was a court case on it not having the same financial rights as a marriage a while back , i do n't remember the specifics . 
  yeah , and california 's constitution is considered an increasingly unworkable mess because of it . 
  iirc , hosting eurovision for so many years was a huge financial burden for us . 
  i think you should be careful what you wish for . 
  ... wow , if i 'd known this i 'd have gotten my friends to vote yes on the presidential referendum much more easily . 
  would it not be easy to simply give voting rights to ex-pats who have spent most of their lives in ireland ? 
  what blorg says . 
  also , when we used pounds , our currency was called the punt , not sterling . 
  post-famine overindulgence . 
  nope , they are n't terminating accounts . 
  you 'll just get a `` please turn off your proxy '' message . 
  but that is , what , at 4am in germany and austria ? 
  and netflix has them in 1080p in the morning . 
  if you 'd rather torrent at 4am in the morning than wait for netflix to have it at 7am , i do n't think netflix can do more than that . 
  bcs is an amc show . 
  whoops . 
  i meant not everywhere . 
  it was a dumb comment . 
  fringe , battlestar , person of interest , continuum , fargo , danger 5 , the good wife , warehouse 13 , how to get away with murder , damages , the killing , the bridge , miss fisher 's murder mysteries , jane the virgin , sense8 , how i met your mother , scrotal recall , homeland , spooks , sensitive skin , power , spartacus , house , community , velvet , atelier , extras , the honourable woman , third rock from the sun , fargo , buffy , jericho , the 4400 , top of the lake , wallander , the returned , episodes , lie to me , survivors , life on mars , dexter , chuck , house , daredevil , orange is the new black , unbreakable kimmy schmidt , better call saul , jessica jones , luther ... and that 's just some of the tv shows . 
  you do n't like any of those ? 
  no you ca n't . 
  bcs goes up hours after its us airing . 
  i do n't know what you 're pirating . 
  longmire is held down to existing contracts from before netflix picked it up . 
  if a german network bought the license they still have it for any new seasons until it expires . 
  remember , the production company who makes the shows own them , not netflix . 
  outside the us netflix acts like hulu for bcs . 
  well , pretty much yeah . 
  sony makes the show . 
  they would have to pay sony for the german rights long before they knew they would open to germany . 
  sony needs to get paid for making the show and sky germany bought a long term license for the show . 
  so now netflix has to wait for that contract to expire . 
  considering house of cards was an expensive gamble as their first original series , why would they spend millions on a german license back in 2011 ? 
  starting with * marco polo * , netflix buys the global license to their original series . 
  everything that has started since then is on netflix germany . 
  i mean , hulu probably passed in the german license to `` hulu exclusive original '' 11.23.66 . 
  if they ever open a german hulu , they wo n't have that show . 
  same with the amazon `` exclusive '' originals in , say , france . 
  i do n't get why you feel like netflix made an effort to affront germany . 
  `` fuck you '' is a strong reaction . 
  great for ireland . 
  the uk site is unusable with the current exchange rate, 
  russian social network . 
  international licensing has always been a `` take the money and forget about it '' sort of situation for tv . 
  netflix going worldwide and taking charge of internationalisation internally is a radical shift for tv . 
  this is miss idaho 1935 apparently . 
  residents of ni are allowed to represent either the roi or the uk in the olympics . 
  not sure if they could represent both at different olympics . 
  britain , great britain and british are clearly defined afaik . 
  it 's british isles that 's controversial . 
  not sure why ireland is n't being included , it has been part of the usual definition of anglosphere afaik . 
  anyway we got two silver medals so 259 . 
  bit embarrassing next to new zealand . 
  ireland = 2 . 
  why ? 
  anglosphere does n't mean british . 
  ok , reading the comments it seems controversial to some . 
  it should n't be . 
  i 've never heard of anyone offended by it . 
  seems as applicable as new zealand . 
  now i have passport !, 
  ireland still best country for sure . 
  yeah , i wasnt clear . 
  if the show is n't airing on local tv in a country , netflix should be allowed to put up season 2 earlier . 
  yeah , that 's licensing for ya . 
  they hold off letting netflix get stuff earlier for dvd sales or whatever . 
  they should just let eastern europe netflix have season 2 asap but they do n't . 
  well the netflix originals are all global anyway ( except the oldest ones . 
  which is bad because as far as i can see house of cards is the one most eastern europeans have heard of ... i do n't see lady dynamite being a smash hit in belarus , even though i love it . ),
