hmm , speaking of european values i think about christianity , our social system , society , our overall cultural similarities ( fests , fashion , history ) and so on . 
  i cant really express myself on this one . 
  i have nothing against turkey ( for people already downvoting me ) , but when i think of turkey i dont think about them beeing european . 
  this is just my feeling . 
  mentioning russia , i think the european part of russia is a lot more european than the part of turkey , and also bigger . 
  but russia is too big aswell , i would never speak of the whole nation beeing europe . 
  tl ; dr : i am aware that it 's hard to really define the end of europe , but for me , on of those ends is turkey . 
  nothing against turkey though , cool country with questionable politics . 
  this topic is so kontroversial . 
  i mean you are right , if you look at a map and not on culture , then there really is a small part that belongs to europe . 
  but as a whole nation , it doesnt . 
  it really is n't ... 
  thought this was the csgo subreddit for a monent when i read that headline, 
  `` i spit on your grave 2 '' or something like that i think . 
  i never generalized german speaking people anywhere , but ok im sorry . 
  uhm well , i can understand and speak both fluently , `` austro-bavarian '' and `` standard german '' . 
  so in fact , i speak german . 
  natively . 
  yeah maybe i exaggerate a bit when i said that i understand * nothing * . 
  but apart from a the words you listed , there is no way that i get more than the general meaning of a sentence . 
  yeah , i actually can understand quite a lot when reading something in dutch . 
  once met a dutch girl on holiday , did n't understand a single word when she spoke though :d . 
  dobro !, 
  if he was from austria and spoke my weird form of german , then it could really sound like french to a foreigner . 
  all the `` shh '' , '' \u00f6 '' ( pronounced as e for the french ) and so on . 
  i speak german and i understand a fuck in swedish , danish or norwegian . 
  the only thing i get is `` hallo '' ( which is the same here ) , `` tack '' ( thank you ? ), 
  and `` hus '' ( house ? ) . 
  everything else sounds simply like vikings to me . 
  no offense though , vikings are cool . 
  even nowadays there are still so many german dialects , that some are so different a `` normal high german speaker '' would barrelly be able to understand them . 
  source : am austrian , my german friends do n't understand a single word when i speak my most rural and harsh dialect . 
  i am german speaking and this sounded like a scandinavian language to me . 
  like danish or so . 
  i understand why they come and it is not their fault that they are here now . 
  i would flee to europe as well ... it 's our fault that we let them all in , without thinking about the future . 
  my mum works at the `` volkshilfe '' ( organisation to help and organize the refugees ) , and already now she has to work far too much because the amount of refugees is near impossible to handle . 
  now she fears that the whole system collapses she told me ... scary . 
  i also have no idea what to chose . 
  like really , every party is acting so fucking stupid . 
  `` chose \u00d6vp , chose fp\u00d6 , sp\u00d6 , the green party ! '', 
  etc. , no one of them really appeals to me , and i do n't have any trust in the small parties either ... 
  austria , a country so fucking much smaller than germany . 
  we already have an insane amount of refugees to deal with , now dealing with them will be impossible . 
  see both sides . 
  i you have the choice to maybe come to europe and have a safer life , or die in the first line of a war for nothing , what would you do ? 
  if you wa n't to see what i think that should be done that europe will take no harm in long terms , check my other comments . 
  well , my eye-doctor says i am wide sighted but whatever ( dont kill me pls ) . 
  seriously , i am aware that with this first generation of this flood , people will get children and so on . 
  i know . 
  i also know that with this new generations people will try to keep their old culture and this could maybe cause conflicts within europe . 
  the best thing for us would be to take no refugees at all . 
  but that 's not how it goes and now we are in this situation . 
  what i meant to say is , that we should create a safe corridor from a crisis zone to europe which end in a center for refugees at the border of europe . 
  like greece or whatever . 
  shitty for greece but yeah . 
  in this center the whole bureaucracy is beeing done and only those who really should get asyl will get it . 
  the rest , if needed , should get `` subsideritan protection '' ( do n't know if this is a thing in english , in german this is ) . 
  this means if you do n't know , that after things get normal in their countries , they have to go back home . 
  maybe my point is a bit clearer now . 
  i actually thought about that whole thing and i am not just trying to be a messias . 
  well maybe not a corridor exactly inside of europe , but a emergency center on europes borders where the whole bueaucracy is beeing done . 
  therefore people will know at the border of europe if they get asyl or not . 
  a giant amount of people will come anyways , with or without a safe way , having this way is simply a more human solution to the problem with the trucks . 
  people need a safe way to come to europe so that such trucks have no reason to exist anymore . 
  i know , most of this sub do n't like immigrants , but they will come regardless of closed borders , controls or anything like that . 
  there is always a way to come illegal . 
  the only thing we can do is to handle it more profesionnally and be an idol for the rest of the world . 
  this crisis is here now and will eventually go , but the actions of the rich countries in europe will decide the consequences of this crisis . 
  people need to realise that the time before the refugee-crisis is gone now and that the future will look entirely different . 
  we will have to deal with it . 
  edit : just my opinion , if you downvote tell me why please . 
  yes i know that . 
  that 's why it is a controversy where he `` belongs '' . 
  thanks :d our self-image though is very complicated . 
  some dont care about the past and some look back to the times of the empire with a sad face . 
  our whole mentality is defined by the times of our kaiser franz josef or at least those times i feel like . 
  the cuisine , the image of the world and the former states that were in the empire . 
  also some words come from the slavic languages . 
  recently it became more popular for people in the 2nd republic to be proud of the todays austria , but in general people our pride comes from our long history before the first world war . 
  yeah i know about this controversy , but in school and in society he is never considered anything other than austrian . 
  he himself never directly described himself to any nationlike form of country , but refered himself often as part of the `` german-speaking-and-ethnically-german-group-of-people '' . 
  but we consider him austrian since he lived here , worked here , died here and was burried here . 
  as for beethoven austrians know that he is german , the misconcesption about hm beeing austrian comes from the fact that in modern times people often forget or never learn those specifics rather than he was `` componist that lived and died in austria '' . 
  mozart is austrian ... i assume you mean beethoven . 
  k just because you dont like the numbers of your `` saviours '', 
  haha good joke mate . 
  where i live there definetily is far right violence . 
  from discrimination , vandalismn or just pure violence abd drug abuse . 
  the far right is most likely the worst scenario for the future of europe , even tho they present themselves as sooo smart and as they could solve any problems . 
  they will create more violence and problems . 
  no , but we do n't point fingers at those who does and call them `` stupid '' . 
   do you see eastern european countries having this problem ? 
  maybe becaue no one cares about you ? 
  maybe because you do n't fight against isis directly ? 
  go away , you guys are not so smart as you think . 
  standing in the corner when the world faces crisis after crisis and thinking you are a smart hero . 
  you are cowards . 
  we in austria grow a lot of vegetables in the garden , my neighbour has a `` fish-farm '' were we get good and healthy treated fish , my grandparents have their own chickens for eggs , that are also happy and we get our meat from local butcher . 
  might be a bit more expensive than somewhere else ( beside the things you can grow yourself , thsoe are free ) , but it also tastes better .
