  same with local milk . 
  what about palatschinken ? 
  we say paradeiser in austria for tomatos , i think that 's also from slavic . 
  it 's speck in german as well . 
  i love good speck . 
  i am going to czech regularly for holidays , they really have good speck . 
   the point is no one knows what he said . 
  then why do people act like he was charged for something rational and peaceful ? 
   i assumed as well , but that was not the point of my initial comment . 
  my point was that people do n't really know the difference between freedom of speech and a call for violence . 
  what outrages me is how people are thirsty for blood and in every case assume that the goverment is an evil machine , just because they dont like how they handle the refugee crisis . 
  no , i call people dumb that compare basic laws against violence speech to a dictatorship . 
   he probably said something like that . 
  i never said that i have any facts . 
  but people are dumb because they assume from the beginning that this is a attack on freedom of speech . 
   in either case , even if he did say `` kill all refugees '' , at best , the law is being applied unfairly since someone else tweeted `` killallwhiteman and was not prosecuted . 
  well , both should be arrested . 
  by your logic , one crime should not be punished because in an other case the law was n't executed properly . 
  also , i think people are overreacting to those methods a bit . 
  the goverments goal is not to kill freedom of speech or trying to stop any shift of opinion , they want to stop any call violence by the angry part of the population in order to protect the social system and those who are not horny to for a civil war . 
  most people who get arrested for their free `` opinion '' only want blood and violence . 
  a lot of those people are not very educated as well . 
  the methods you are speaking about are normal tools of media from any goverment or politician in the world and nothing dictatorship like . 
  he probably said something like that . 
  reddit is so dumb and acting like we live in a george orwell book . 
  in my country there were arrests too about this things . 
  they said things like `` kill all the refugees and so on '' . 
  in my opinion , if you say or write something like that , you should be arrested . 
  there is a huge difference between freedom of speech and a public call for violence a lot of dumb and angry redditors somehow dont understand . 
  or my guess , most people here are too young to know what is stated in the law since decades and not only since the crisis . 
  give us south tyrol back please :(, 
  why ? 
  yes that 's the spirit of europe . 
  one crisis and we all let each other fighting their own problems . 
  i am proud of you european union . 
  i remember in like 2005 , there was so much snow in austria ... then nothing for the following years up until now . 
  is it climate change ? 
  i dont know , but i would give a lot for a snowy winter :(, 
  everything has it 's charm . 
  while people from america like our very old buildings and villages , living there might be beautiful , but we all that live there ( while appreciating the beauty of course ) , will mostly focus on the negative aspects of live as most humans do . 
  what i want to say , doesnt matter where you are from , you will never be satisfied or happy . 
  i always wanted to live in a small american or canadian northern town , with diners and friendly funny sherrifs . 
  i think it 's beautiful in my imagination from all the movies , books and games i have seen , read and played , but in reality it would most likely suck as much as everywhere else if i would ask a person from such an area how he feels . 
  i dont know if i get my point across with my good london , but maybe . 
  i hope you will make the right decision next time as well : , 
  considering hyped media and simple minded people tend to go crazy when such things happen , probably a lot less big than people say . 
  there was an election , formal errors occurd ( there was no fraud ) and therefore it is done again . 
  that is all . 
  good point but when analyzing the situations with the written idea or concept it actually is different . 
  communism and socialismn are two different things . 
  there is a good explanation showing the stages of a state in a `` true '' communismn . 
  i cant find it so if you are interessted use google . 
  it is for sure unrealistic but still interessting . 
  you dont know what communism or the concept of leninism , stalinism and the huge difference to our modernized concept of socialismn is.is that why americans consider europe to be some `` commie states '' ? 
  please read that up . 
  same as i dont understand how after 1945 people still vote extreme right wing parties like afd . 
  edit : afd not ard hard to write on phone, 
  thanks, 
  sorry for liking my culture . 
  please go away . 
  then we are done here i guess . 
  ok good point . 
  maybe i phrased it wrong ( maybe terribly wrong ) . 
  honestly it 's more about the warm feeling that i get in my heart when i see movies or things about the times of the monarchy , the vienna caf\u00e9 and biscuit culture , the origins of our language , our old size , the traditions , the humour , the music , beeing more chilled than the germans ( sorry germans ) and so on ... for me the austrian identity is something very old and developed a very long time ago . 
  if someone would ask me what makes me proud as an austrian i would tell them the things i listed above and dont think of the recent accomplishments , which is very odd when i think about it since we are ( like sweden ) very developed and build ourselves up after the war . 
  well , as i said , hard to explain and most austrians probably think otherwhise , i dont know , 
  and what part of my first comment was ignorant if you would like to answer my initial question ? 
  i admit that i dont know about this burschenschaft ( and i dont see any reason why i should would waste time on that ) or what they think ( except that they are anti-austrian ) , but my point is completely different . 
  i am talking about the idea of austria and so on , and why not believing in it is pretty dumb . 
  it doesnt even matter what some anti-austrian group thinks or why they think that , the fact that they are `` anti-austrian '' is reason enough for calling him an idiot if he wants to be president . 
   that is an incredibly myopic and ignorant summary . 
  please go on and write an exam about the whole history of austria if you have time for that . 
  idk what part of it is ignorant ? 
  which is not a sustainable solution for people that believe in the eu , eu is not just a word , it has functions , advantages and also disadvantages . 
  nowadays its just a word people throw around in elections but no one has an idea what , for example , leaving the union actually means . 
  also we have countries bordering us and throwing away any responsibility by isolating ourselves will hurt those relationships . 
  for a lot of people that actually have seen the crisis first hand ( i was in greece and at the austrian borders ) were people stand around for weeks in rain or whatever , just leaving them there is not in any way human and will cause chaos and problems and maybe even danger and aggression . 
  further on that goes that the right for asylum is a human right . 
  no matter what you think about that , you cant just deactivate certain laws or rights just because once they are relevant , you have a responsibility . 
  maybe people should have thought about those rights before activating them . 
  also shutting down borders also will encourage those smugglers again and will cause catastrophes like last summer in burgenland . 
  more controlles also will mean more waiting and therefore a decrease in trades with austria . 
  i could go on , but imo the situation is not just `` close the borders and go eat schnitzl and drink beer '' ... it 's a bit more tricky than that and to understand the whole thing one has to know the whole history of the crisis , the originis , why they are here , the routes , why they are not in other countries and so on and on . 
  my mother works in some sort of asylum center so i think that i know quite a lot about the whole thing , but i am open for any thoughts or different opinons . 
  also as a disclaimer towards the end i would like to add that i am not one of those guys who wants to let everyone in . 
  i want controll and humanity . 
  just in case my point is not clear . 
  we actually did a lot of logitics and controlling in distribution terms the last few months but people dont see that since most dont know how the asylum system work ( but they still argue about it as if they invented it ) or they actually praise dumbfucks like victor orban who chose to isolate himself and do nothing ( but still contributes from the eu ) . 
  ** edit : ** sorry for the aggressive wording friends from hungary , but everyone has a different opinion and i am sure that i dont see every part of the spectrum . 
  also i am a bit emotional . 
  it is not . 
  idk what he means since hofer said live on tv that he doesnt believe in the 2nd republic and vdb said nothing similar . 
  those people cant think back further than 1945 . 
  the idea of austria existed longer than the idea of a german `` state '' in form of the austrian-hungarian monarchy . 
  hofer is imo a extremist-right-wing idiot , but that is what young and naive people or also old people attract nowadays . 
  we have an identity , its just hard to explain and to understand for foreigners and often even for ourselves . 
  i for my part love austria , not for the current state or accomplishements , but rather for the interesting history . 
  it 's not possible to solve those problems ourself , the whole eu has to work together . 
  we are so small yet people think we can solve the ignorant and egoistique mentality that is growing since the refugee crisis . 
  also they are gay as fuck .
