  some people like italian as well although i find it pretty normal . 
  but not american , that 's for sure . 
  in fact i 'm sure most spaniards could n't distinguish the american one from other english accents to save their lives . 
  oh yeah , latest polls that show there 's like a 40-something percent of portuguese and a 30-something percent of spaniards that like the idea . 
  and there are some pretty vocal pan-iberists like saramago . 
  but i think at this point in time countries have grown too far apart for that . 
  you are forgetting pan-iberists , those who would like to see spain and portugal become a single country . 
  never going to happen , though . 
  if suddenly all churches rang their bells nonstop at the same time people would instinctively think something 's wrong , although it 's not a very good way of transmitting a message ( if there was danger in the streets then all the people that would inevitably get out of their homes to see what the ringing is about would be screwed ) . 
  i think there are a few towns that keep old siren systems but the problem remains . 
  i think there should be an emergency whatsapp broadcast , that would get all the population informed instantly, 
  not in spain . 
  to be honest we do n't really need it because in small towns you can find about anything or anybody through the grapevine faster than any official means . 
  you are forgetting churros , which might be usually eaten in bars or at home , but come any kind of festivity no matter how small the town there is always at least one [ churros street stand ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b4/puesto_de_churros_y_bu%c3%b1uelos_en_elche.jpg ) somewhere . 
  i live in an apartment with my so ( rental , not owned ) . 
  it 's in a 5-floor building that was built in 1950 and refurbished a few years ago ( although it seems they did n't touch the walls because the insulation is almost nonexistant and i hear everything my neighbours do ) . 
  we are about 15 minutes away from the city centre and quite close to my job . 
  movies from spain are usually not very quotable , with the exception of the absurdist [ amanece que no es poco ] ( https://es.wikiquote.org/wiki/amanece,_que_no_es_poco ) . 
  as for tv shows , back in the day the satirical magazine [ el informal ] ( https://www.espinof.com/telecinco/el-informal-nostalgia-tv ) spawned a lot of quotes and memes . 
  we automatically suggest each and every visitor to the sub looking for a job to become a private english teacher . 
  i know we do it earnestly but at this point it is becoming comical . 
  i 'm surprised it has not become a meme like the `` then they should do concerts '' one . 
  my bad , sometimes my central spain upbringing gets the best of me . 
  for what it 's worth , i also speak catalan and one of my favourite books is ` no demanis llobarro fora de temporada ' . 
  in spain people generally read both spanish authors - of which there are plenty - and foreign ones translated into spanish . 
  and i say ` foreign ' because while many of them are english , there 's also a bunch of best-sellers from other languages like murakami or moccia . 
  i understand english well enough to afford the luxury of reading books in their original version , so i try to alternate them with spanish ones . 
  as for which kind , depends on my mood . 
  the latest ones on my own language where from arturo perez reverte , which tend to have some adventure , action , wit , and a very cynical view of the world . 
  as for english i gravitate towards science-fiction because it 's a genre that americans seem to do better . 
  the one on the top 40 list ( # 8 atm ) is the remix so i 'm guessing that 's the one playing on the radio . 
  my 60yo dentist ca n't stop humming it . 
  that 's how popular the damn song is in spain . 
  that can happen in spain ... if you come from a rich family or are well connected . 
  otherwise , having a job here ( if you manage to get one ) does not immediately guarantee you 'll make ends meet . 
  it 's very common in spain . 
  there are far more graduates than jobs in their fields , so people apply to whatever they can , and some companies are not very picky as long as you have a degree and some tangencially related experience . 
  it is also very common to put your degree aside , take a course on some trade ( from an unemployement agency or a private academy ) and look for a job in that field . 
  i did attend mine ( although i actually did n't graduate until a lot of years laters , but that 's another story ) . 
  a month before that we got pictures taken with a fake gown . 
  at the ceremony itself we wore suits/dresses . 
  it just consisted of a couple of speeches and then we were all called in order to be given a fake diploma ( just for show , since , as you know , getting the real one takes at least a year after the fact ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure almost all the graduations at my university are more or less the same ( mine was not one of the ` fancy ' degrees , so it was pretty spartan , others might have had more pomp and circumstance ) . 
  edit : i also had a high school graduation ceremony and it was almost exactly the same : formal attire ( no caps , gowns or fancy hats ) , speeches and fake diplomas . 
  in spain there are different variations of the saying ` either we all get to enjoy this , or nobody does ' , which kinda correlates to what op is saying in the sense that it seems to imply we do n't want others to enjoy something if we ca n't . 
  one of the most standard forms is ` either we all play or we tear the packet of cards ' ( ' o jugamos todos o se rompe la baraja ' ) . 
  but there is a very vulgar variation that goes ` either we all fuck or we throw the whore to the river ' ( ' o follamos todos o se tira la puta al rio ' ) . 
  spain can be very ... colourful . 
   with who you are comparing all those things ? 
  salaries are low compared to germany , and extremely high compared to ukraine . 
  whey do we have to compare ? 
  just because someone is worse off than us it does n't make the situation any better . 
  and what matters is not the amount , but what we can do with it . 
  which has not been much since the crisis , although things are indeed slowly improving . 
   if people choose to make a life in spain , we can not be that bad , can we ? 
  you are saying it like all immigrants can pick and choose where to go . 
  for one , a great deal of those immigrants are latin-americans that obviously prefer staying in a country whose language already speak . 
  and spain is one of the closest access to europe from north africa , so it stands to reason a lot of them will end their journey here . 
   spain is not that bad no it 's not . 
  but it ai n't that good either . 
  there 's a lot to fix and complacency wo n't take us anywhere . 
  most private universities in spain have a religious organization behind , so they are more conservative although that does n't necessarily mean the students are as well . 
  the ones in public universities , on the other hand , are most likely to be vocal about progressive issues , although that does n't mean the institutions are as well . 
  all in all our universities are not very political and students tend to worry more about their degrees and enjoying that time than anything else . 
  there is one about throwing sex workers to a river that i feel kind of fits with what op is asking ... 
  does it still count as attitude when your politicians are corrupt , your salaries are low , youth unemployment is way too high , and a lot of good scientists have to emigrate because there is no place for them here ? 
  weather is fine , though , i guess . 
  food 's not bad either . 
  i had to google it because i was n't even sure that was a thing in spain . 
  apparently it is but before this i had never seen or heard a mention about this sport anywhere . 
  so , pretty uncommon . 
  i believe sociologists and publicists * do use those same terms for spain even though our historical circumstances are different and do n't really fit . 
  in daily life people do n't use them although we talk about ` our grandparents generation ' , ` the generation born after the dictatorship ' and the like . 
  * there was an advertising campaign for a car that coined the term jasp ( ` j\u00f3venes aunque sobradamente preparados ' , which means ` young but more than ready ' ) . 
  they were talking about late generation x : young people with higher education that had n't found their place in the job market yet . 
  the campaign was terrible but so laughable ( we joked about it for months ) it actually was quite successful . 
  aside from latin-america soap operas , which are still going strong , some of the spanish networks buy german-language movies and shows in bulk and use them as mostly filler for time slots that do not have much audience . 
  i would n't call them ` popular ' but if they keep doing this i guess it 's because it 's worth it for them . 
  i mean , they 've been playing rex and cobra 11 for so long they are part of the tv landscape by now . 
  me , the only non-us show i watch are a few british ones ( doctor who , black mirror , this is england , snatch ) and deutschland 83 . 
  in spain advertised prices almost always have vat included ( there are a few exceptions , like professional supplies stores or shitty restaurants that try to scam tourists making them believe prices are lower than they really are ) . 
  as for tips , they are not part of anybody 's salary here so they are not a thing like in the us . 
  at most , people tip a few coins or ask to keep the change ( usually no more than an euro or two ) to waiters , pizza delivery guys and taxi drivers . 
  the only exception being bellhops in fancy hotels , which are usually tipped generously , but i guess that happens everywhere . 
  there was one : * [ moncloa , \u00bf digame ? 
  ] ( https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/moncloa,_%c2%bfd%c3%adgame%3f ) * it bombed hard . 
  i guess we like hard satire like * vaya semanita * or * pol\u00f2nia * best . 
  every other day unless i 'm dirty or sweaty for some reason ( i do n't exercise and i usually have clerical jobs , so it 's not a normal occurrence except in summer ) . 
  mostly generic mexican and asian food brands ( the stereotypical kind ) . 
  depending on the location you can also find imported stuff from north africa , latin america and romania . 
  [ manchego cheese ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/manchego ) , undoubtedly . 
  particularly , the * semicurado * ( lightly aged ) variety is the most popular . 
  i do n't think there is anything like that in spain . 
  after all , we already have a pretty big underground economy , so it 's not like people need to find more excuses to avoid paying taxes . 
  no , stress is on the ` e ' . 
  maybe it was ` fanegada ' a long time ago , but you know how words change in small towns . 
  in my hometown we use ` fanega ' as a surface measurement . 
  it 's a vineyard that is 100 vines long and 100 vines wide . 
  yep . 
  i 'm guessing they first decided to translate the quarter pounder as `` cuarto de libra '' but when it was time to introduce the deluxe version they realized `` cuarto de libra deluxe '' sounded terrible and went with mcroyal deluxe instead ( since it seems ` royal ' or ` mcroyal ' is the name for the quarter pounder in other countries ) .
