  i said it so many times that to this day i still almost let it out when it happens , which would sound kind of ridiculous in a grown-ass man . 
  well , one could argue the shanty towns where the biggest drug families run their businesses ( like valdeming\u00f3mez in madrid ) are definitely `` no-go zones '' even the police do n't dare entering . 
  but then it has nothing to do with migrants or muslims . 
  people do n't use that term ( `` sjw '' ) but there 's a pretty strong left-right animosity in general , with people claiming the other side are basically the devil . 
  i mean , greatly oversimplifying one could argue that our 1936 civil war was about that . 
  so for us it 's not exactly something new . 
  if anything , there 's been a growing fixation on feminists by conservatives , but that 's not something exclusive to spain either . 
  each country , and even each place inside each country , experiences it differently . 
  i live surrounded by migrants ( mostly latin-american , but also a bunch of north-african and eastern europe ones ) , and while it 's not all rosy ( there are more drunken fights , and my neighbours seem to only communicate by yelling ) , everyday life has n't changed in any significant way . 
  of course there 's some culture clash , and there are assholes and criminals everywhere , but at the end of the day people just want to work and live their lives without getting into trouble . 
  it is n't safe for sure ( bike lanes are an absolute joke for the most part ) but as a sport is very common . 
  do n't forget our rich variety of expressions involving genitalia , and our strange obsession with being fucked in/shoving things up the ass . 
  we 've already had someone asking about it at / r/spain . 
  they did n't offered any information other that they wanted to leave . 
  what little you can gather makes me think that people a ) are scared , and b ) seriously underestimate how complicated the process of moving to a different continent can be . 
  after spain banned smoking indoors in public places a ton of e-cigs shops opened in spain . 
  in a few months it reached market saturation and a lot of them closed . 
  there are still plenty of them around because smoking is becoming less and less tolerated , so there is a great deal of social pressure to quit the habit and e-cigs are seen as one of the less painful ways . 
  interestingly enough , you do n't actually see many people vaping in public , because it 's still regarded as a kind of weird thing . 
  i 've even seen comments on spanish websites calling e-cigs ` pacifiers ' and looking down on people who ca n't quit cold-turkey . 
  in any case , vaping is not allowed indoors in public places either , so i gather they are mostly used at home , which makes it hard to quantify how popular they really are . 
  a lot of westerns ( cowboys movies ) were shot in the almeria desert . 
  you can still find theme parks that reuse the old ` western village ' sets . 
  the actors are human and ca n't be massacred , though . 
  i 'm making both points from a modern post-francoist timeframe . 
  by the time that posturing died bullfighting was already culturally ingrained , and a lot of people still watched fights for fun , because it was part of the town festivities or it 's something you just did because you grew up with it . 
  but people started to lose interest , and that 's when ticket prices played its part . 
  at a time when many people would n't even go to the cinema because 10 $ was deemed too expensive , a bullfighting ticket became a luxury . 
  and that 's what really killed it . 
  or that 's what i believe , at least , from the comments i have been hearing over the years from the people i 've met that did watch fights . 
  i 'm far from being a sociology scholar , though . 
  it is indeed falling out of favour , but what a lot of people do n't seem to understand ( including some fellow countrymen ) is that this is a little bit more complex than just being for or against it . 
  the thing is , bullfighting is culturally ingrained for a lot of people , specially in southern and countryside towns . 
  some of them will be the kind of rabid fan that will defend it even with violence if they have to , which i believe is because they feel an attack against it is an attack against the way of life and values they were raised to and are now disappearing . 
  but for many others bullfighting is something not culturally or politically charged , just a part of their local festivities , which is usually the only time of the year a fight is on . 
  they will go watch it in groups , and they will eat , drink , cheer the fighters , dance with the band , have a good time , and then go home and forget everything . 
  i 'm sure if engaged in a debate most of this people would end up admitting how bloody and violent the whole thing is , but it 's not something is in their minds , the same way people do n't like to think about the conditions under which their clothes and gadgets are manufactured . 
  as for the causes of its decline , many like to tout we are evolving as a society , and we undoubtedly are , but i believe the biggest cause is money . 
  for one , a ticket to a fight is pretty expensive , so many of those who used to watch them just to have a good time are spending it somewhere else more productive . 
  arenas have been rarely full for a long time , the scene does not move nearly as much money as it used to , and a lot of fights depend now on public grants to be set up . 
  but the crisis hit local administration pretty hard , so even that source of income has dried out , which has further contributed to the decline . 
  not sure it 's the pettiest , but i ca n't forget how we almost went to war with morocco over an uninhabited rock only goats seem to be actually interested in : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/perejil_island_crisis, 
  i 'm with you . 
  i picture andr\u00e9s as a normal , stand-up guy . 
  but manolo evokes rolled-up sleeves , a hairy chest , and a toothpick in his mouth :d, 
  we call him ` pap\u00e1 noel ' ( which i 'm pretty sure is borrowed from the french ` p\u00e8re no\u00ebl ' ) , but until recently it was not a part of our christmas traditions . 
  the traditional present givers in spain are the [ three kings ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/biblical_magi#spanish_customs ) , who arrive on the day of epiphany , january 6 . 
  the afternoon before there are parades featuring them and their pages . 
  nowadays , its becoming common for santa claus to show up on christmas and leave a present ( often at the grandparent 's house ) , so children do n't have to wait until january 6 to have something to play with ( after which they do n't have much time anyway since school starts back on january 7 ) . 
  it 's pretty uncommon in spain , although not unheard of . 
  in general , spanish high schools do n't invest in extracurricular activities as much as the us -- there 's usually not enough money and resources for that . 
  we are much more focused on the core subjects , and while some high schools do offer a few options it 's not at all like in american movies where every school has a newspaper , a band , a sports team , and a dozen different clubs . 
  in the last two spanish general elections ( which were held just a few months apart ) , the turnout was 73,2 % and 69,8 % . 
  i 'd say most are currently between 60 % and 70 % . 
  few people actually demand a `` greater catalonia '' , although they can be quite loud , and i 'd say most of them are in catalonia . 
  then there are minor regional nationalist groups who demand recognition of their own cultural identity , including their own variation of the language under their own denomination . 
  the former and the latter do n't get along , as you can imagine , but since they are a minority it 's not a big issue . 
  as for the rest , i 'd say most people have varying degrees of regional identification , and they do n't really care about all these things ( that is , until the central government starts meddling , at which point everybody becomes very protective of their identity ) . 
  i have a soft spot for arturo p\u00e9rez reverte . 
  his books are not exactly nobel prize material , but i love his acid sense of humour , and the alatriste saga is classical adventure fun . 
  i read it in a decent spanish translation . 
  a truly interesting book indeed . 
  it 's not a thing in spain , but it can be found in some big supermarkets and latin stores . 
  i ca n't remember if i first tried it here or when i lived in the uk , but in any case i love it . 
  conceptually speaking , it 's really not that different from spanish xixona turr\u00f3n . 
  and you can now find peanut turr\u00f3n , which is basically solid peanut butter . 
  yep . 
  it might be more common in some parts of spain than in others ( i reckon this is probably a small-town thing ) but at least in my region there are small and sometimes tiny chapels in random corners dedicated to patron saints and virgins . 
  * pasta with tomato + meat sauce ( a typical bolognese , or with spanish chorizo ) . 
  * mediterranean rice dishes ( paella being the best known , but there are other great combinations ) . 
  * my mom 's legume stews . 
  * russian salad ( aka olivier salad ) . 
  * a good english breakfast * i have a sweet tooth so the list of desserts would be too long , but since we 're almost in christmas : turr\u00f3n , marzipan , and mince pies . 
  a relative of mine is a policeman , and i have had his gun in my hand a couple of times ( without bullets , of course ) , but it still scares me shitless . 
  actually i could argue that it does , although in the same way as there is a universally-accepted `` french accent '' and `` english accent '' . 
  they are all actually something much more specific ( `` argentinian '' is porte\u00f1o , `` french '' is parisian , `` english '' is rp ) but they have become the representatives of the language as a whole , mostly due to their use in media ( specially movies ) . 
  after all , you ca n't expect people who do n't live in a country to know about all the different accents in it . 
  the french `` gateux des rois '' is basically the same as the spanish `` rosc\u00f3n '' , but the portuguese `` bolo rei '' is a bit different . 
  then there 's also `` king cake '' in new orleans , which evolved from the french version . 
  pretty common in government , though , even the national one . 
  since regions are so important politicians do n't really hide their accents ( it 's part of their identity , after all ) , although they do tend to soften it . 
  they are not common in spain but sometimes you can find one in places that could n't afford to build two different spaces . 
  they are basically the same as any women 's , meaning a set of cubicles and a place to wash your hands . 
  and i do n't think we have a different attitude towards it , it 's just a practical question : if you need to go , you need to go . 
  the standard ones in spain are mushrooms , bacon , ham , peppers , onion , fresh tomato slices , olives , tuna , anchovies , a few kinds of cheeses ( goat , mozzarella ) , and , yes , also pineapple . 
  chicken , beef , and sausages like pepperoni and * chorizo * are also quite normal ( often at least two of them at a time ) . 
  the one thing that is specific to our country is spanish cured ham , which is not particularly popular as a topping because it 's usually too chewy and too salty for pizza . 
  i 'm sorry , but from what i 've seen in the comments you 've posted in the other askreddit question about accents i think you are confusing those terms . 
  ' [ accent ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/accent_\\ ( sociolinguistics \\ ) ) ' is a manner of pronunciation , where as the word ' [ dialect ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dialect ) ' refers to a complete variety of language ( not just pronunciation but also grammar and vocabulary ) . 
  ` argentinian ' can be defined as a spanish dialect , but there is also an argentinian accent . 
  in spain the best regarded accents are probably the argentinian and most caribbean ones ( venezuelan as well , due to all the soap-operas ) . 
  depending on the speaker , we also appreciate french and italian accents . 
  anything nordic or germanic sounds weird to us . 
  they do n't have a cultural presence ( you hardly ever hear about them , unlike for instance jehova 's witnesses , who are every-freaking-where ) , but they own a pretty large building in the centre of madrid . 
  given how expensive belonging to the church can be , i do n't think they will be very successful . 
  it contains your data and signature in digital form , which in theory can be used to do official paperwork online ( among other things ) . 
  i say ` in theory ' because they made the process of validating the digital signature it so complicated , and the system was so badly implemented , that most people do n't use it . 
  christmas in spain lasts for about two weeks : * we do n't have a set date to decorate . 
  it used to be shortly before christmas eve , but a couple of apartments in my neighbourhood were already decorated a week ago . 
  traditionally people just set a [ nativity scene ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nativity_scene ) and maybe hung some tinsel , but the christmas trees are becoming much more common .
