  curtains all the way for me . 
  oh , absolutely , they can say whatever they want , i 'm not going to change just to fit in ( i do n't have this nickname for nothing ) . 
  but some people do seem to think not liking certain things or not behaving in certain way does not fit with their notion of spanishness . 
  which i find stupid , but i wanted to know if it happens in other places . 
  it might not be the most appropriate word , but i did n't know how to put it into words . 
  let 's say there are too many that believe themselves to be fernando alonso . 
  i am , big time . 
  and boring , as someone else said , i do n't deny it . 
  my point was that for some reason my fellow spaniards seem to think that is not very spanish . 
  i really do n't understand why . 
  i know , that was my point . 
  it was even more blatantly obvious once i was there . 
  i still freaking love that country , warts and all . 
  thankfully , since i do have some years under my belt people have finally stopped bothering me . 
  but i 've had too many confrontations with other people about me not drinking , particularly when toasting ( it almost got violent once ) or in parties . 
  you might be right , though , that it 's not that bad here , or i would 've had to exile at this point ( not to england , though . 
  boy , they do like a pint in there ) . 
  i meant the way of driving . 
  it feels like every time i 'm driving on a highway i have to swerve at some point to avoid crashing with another driver that is way over the speed limit and/or never seems to leave the left lane . 
  i 'm actually from the south , and i assure you plenty of people here like flamenco and bullfighting . 
  which is my point : just because i do n't follow some stupid stereotypes they ( not me ) consider i 'm not really spanish . 
  yep , i 'm pretty boring . 
  not ashamed of it or anything , i 'm fully aware and owning it . 
  my ( apparently very poorly-made ) point was that just for some stupid reason people around me do n't see it as spanish-like . 
  ( by the way , i do enjoy things in life . 
  i 'm a nerd , there 's always something to look forward to ) . 
  i realize that now . 
  my bad . 
  you do n't know anyone , but i know plenty . 
  which is the whole point : the people around me follow certain stereotypes i do n't fit in . 
  i know . 
  the point is the people who tell me that have a very weird image of what being english was . 
  and , as i said , it was proven once i lived there for real . 
  his popularity has been up and down at different times . 
  the last time he was famous again was in 2005 when aquarius made him the protagonist of one of his campaigns ( which i would be really surprised you did n't watch even once ) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnimfh3snay, 
  my point exactly . 
  true , but the podemos program is using a lot of elements that are nearly identical to the ikea ones . 
  same index format , same use of orange to highlight some words , same captions on white font over black , same layout ... 
  it 's very on the nose , although i guess that was the purpose . 
  they are not using ikea 's copyright , just mimicking the format of their catalogues ( everybody is mentioning the brand because the imitation is pretty obvious ) . 
  i guess since they are not using the exact same graphic elements nor they are using it to sell furniture it falls under fair use . 
  it is true in spain consuming cannabis is not a crime , and at most you will be fined for smoking in public , but trafficking still is . 
  and that 's an important distinction , because for instance most people can get away with growing a couple of plants for themselves , but more than a few might be interpreted as growing with intent of distribution . 
  same as carrying a couple of joints in public versus a big bag of weed , etc. 
  of course our demographic is different : the biggest chunk of that 11 % is made of latin-american migrants ( not africans ) , for whom it makes more sense coming to our country since they speak the language ; and the second biggest chunk is actually other europeans , both people coming for work and for the warmer weather , who do not speak spanish natively . 
  but it adds to my point that numbers alone can not explain the rise of the far-right . 
  nonsense . 
  both spain and france have a similar percentage of foreign population ( around 11 % ) . 
  i 'd say having gotten out of lengthy far-right dictatorships not that long ago has much more weight on it . 
  crap , you 're right . 
  fixed . 
  franco was n't our first , i 'm afraid . 
  before him , we had a brief military dictatorship in the interwar years ruled by [ miguel primo de rivera ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/miguel_primo_de_rivera ) . 
  it was the kind of coup that intended to regenerate the country ( end corruption , restore the social order , improve the economy , etc. 
  ) , and at first there was very little opposition because things were truly bad . 
  but primo de rivera was kind of inept , made things even worse , and eventually everybody turned their backs on him , so he had to quit . 
  he appointed general berenguer as new president , who then tried to make things as they were before the coup , but by then it was too late : the monarchy fell into disgrace , and the ~ ~ first ~ ~ second republic was proclaimed . 
  in my hometown in spain it consists of : * parades - there 's one for schools , another one for local clubs and associations , and a third one that is a competition for clubs from out of town . 
  in these parades each group dresses up following a theme , and they make choreographed dances . 
  * a day for people to just walk around town in costume , with a ball and costume contest in the evening . 
  * and of course on ash wednesday we have our own [ burial of the sardine ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/burial_of_the_sardine ) . 
  a long time ago it was traditional to just put on some mask to hide your identity and joke around town , or to make fun of some politician or celebrity , but nowadays it 's mostly kids on a superhero/disney/whatever-movie-is - popular costume , and the few grown-ups who actually dress up just buy something from a store and go straight to the ball . 
  how are things where you live ? 
  i 'm spanish , but ever since i was a teen i 've often been told i really do not seem like one . 
  i think the main reasons are three : 1 ) i 'm quiet and a bit aloof -- people have got so far as to call me ` cold ' -- and i do not take pleasure in that bro-ish spanish way of celebrating things by screaming and chanting . 
  2 ) i strongly dislike football and i refuse to side with any team , even the national one on international championships , which for some reason lots of people consider it does n't count ( yes , it does count , and it is as boring to me as all the rest ) . 
  and 3 ) i do not drink alcohol of any kind , not beer , not soft cocktails , and not even wine , which for some reason lots of people consider it does n't count ( yes , it does count , and for me it is bad as all the rest ) . 
  there 's also a lot of aspects of spanish culture i do n't like , like flamenco , religion , bullfighting , most of our own tv shows , the car-driving hubris , or how almost everybody looks for ways to cheat the system to save/earn money . 
  luckily , it seems i 'm becoming less and less alone in this . 
  for those and other reasons i 've been jokingly told i should have my spanish membership card removed , and that i should 've been born in england or something like that . 
  funnily though , i did live in the uk for a few years , and while i love the country almost more than mine , i felt nearly as out of place as i do here for practically the same reasons : i was n't interested in sports , i did n't like going to pubs , and i had some trouble following the social customs . 
  why do you think you do n't really fit in your own country ? 
  edit : since it seems i made my point very , very poorly : this was intended to be a discussion about the stereotypes people from each country have about themselves . 
  i do not feel out of place because i do n't follow them , it 's the people around me who ( sometimes ) make me feel like that . 
  not that i care much : i still toast with water , watch foreign tv shows with original audio , and eat pizza with knife and fork . 
  and , yes , sorry , next time i 'll post in / r/askeurope, 
  i 've just realized i miss good ol' juan carlos ii . 
  he was a proper old-fashioned bourbon king : a womanizer with a big mouth , a shady side and a taste for the good life . 
  he was always a good topic of conversation , at least . 
  the new one is so ... dull . 
  the best part of his monarchy was his wife , but they have managed to make her dull as well . 
  i 'm not sure we are getting our money 's worth . 
  nothing much aside from its role in the xix century revolutions , the cuban - spanish - american war , and of course the two world wars . 
  i believe the current curriculum also talks about the cold war , and its more recent interventions in the middle east . 
  so , basically , we only know of the times you 've been fighting someone . 
  in southern spain front yards are almost unheard of , and lawn is something you only see in football fields and some parks . 
  i guess it 's all more common in the north , but i bet unless you are really wealthy most people just take care of it themselves . 
  in spain you can only buy tobacco in specially licenced stores and in vending machines . 
  in 2005 a new law required machine owners to make sure only adults buy tobacco , so now the machines are locked by default and anyone who wants to use them has to ask permission to the owners ( who will then activate them , usually with a remote control ) . 
  as for beer , there are no vending machines for that . 
  that said , even though laws are very clear about selling these things to minors , there are still people who just do n't care . 
  it used to be easy to find chinese-owned stores who never asked for an id when selling booze , and sometimes you can find the remote control that activates a tobacco machine laying unsupervised on top or besides it . 
  a few years ago there was a boom of e-cigs stores in spain , it looked like there was one in every corner . 
  then in about 6 months the market saturated and more than half of them closed . 
  there is still a bunch of them around , and they seem to have enough customers , although for some weird reason i barely see anyone using e-cigs in public . 
  it 's like there is some stigma attached to them . 
  the only people i 've ever seen vaping on the streets are middle-aged women . 
  it happens often in spain but usually only in specific spots where there 's little or no legal parking and people know they can get away with it ( at least for a while ) . 
  french sounds kinda cute . 
  portuguese too , specially brazilian .
