  given how often we spaniards have to tell us americans that spain is actually very different from mexico ( and the rest of latin-american countries ) , i 'm not in the least surprised lots of people are not sure where our country is . 
  but italy i just do n't get . 
  where the hell would it be otherwise ? 
  new jersey ? 
  it is now , true , but since both psoe and pp were not as picky in the past , i can see them making a deal in the future again . 
  however to ciudadanos that seems to be anathema . 
  i simplified a bit , but at the end of the day it 's all about the main 4 parties , their egos , and their fight for power . 
  my god am i tired of all this crap ... 
  oh , crap , sorry , you are right , i put it the other way around . 
  it was podemos who would not have minded a coalition government , but to ciudadanos the catalan issue is a deal-breaker . 
  the main problem here is that ciudadanos is a party that was born in catalonia and has a very firm stance against its independence . 
  podemos , however , is not only in favour of a referendum on the matter ( or at least it was , they seem to be toning down their support ) , but also draws a lot of votes from the pro-independence wing . 
  what 's more , ciudadanos and psoe signed a government deal a few months ago with 200 proposals , some of which are just not acceptable to podemos , including one about opposing the referendum . 
  so , basically , podemos and ciudadanos have placed themselves in opposite sides of the ring , despite actually having a bunch of things in common . 
  and after so many months of fighting and bickering , i do n't see them hugging it out . 
  very close . 
  people were indeed unhappy due to the crisis ( mostly because it brought a ton of unemployment ) , but there has also been a long string of corruption and financial scandals . 
  then , two new parties showed up : podemos , which is further left than the traditional centre-left party ( psoe ) ; and ciudadanos , which is a liberal party and actually a bit to the left than the traditional centre-right party ( pp ) . 
  since quite a lot of people were fed up with psoe and pp , and these parties looked new and fresh , they got a lot of the votes . 
  but here comes the problem : * podemos-psoe does n't have enough seats to form a government . 
  * ciudadanos-pp does n't either . 
  * nor does psoe-ciudadanos . 
  * and every party except ciudadanos refuses to vote in favour of a pp government . 
  * ~ ~ ciudadanos ~ ~ podemos would n't mind a coalition with psoe and ~ ~ podemos ~ ~ ciudadanos ( which would have enough seats for a government ) , but ~ ~ podemos ~ ~ ciudadanos does not want that . 
  * podemos would n't mind an agreement with psoe and the minor nationalist parties ( which might also give them enough seats for a government , although barely ) , but psoe does n't want that . 
  * and neither pp nor ciudadanos want an agreement with the minor nationalist parties , so that 's off the table . 
  therefore , we are in a stalemate . 
  now there is a lot of pressure on psoe to allow a minority pp-ciudadanos government ( an abstention would be enough ) . 
  their leader , who is firmly against pp , was recently ousted in what was basically a coup , and it seems some elements within the party are trying to change course and avoid a third election round . 
  edited : i swapped ciudadanos and podemos in one of the statements . 
  it was pablo iglesias who said he would not mind a psoe-podemos government with the support of ciudadanos , but albert rivera does not even want to think about it . 
  let 's start by saying i 'm talking about wall-mounted rolling plastic blinds , the ubiquitous spanish kind , not the average persian blinds . 
  once established that , i 'd like to say ` impractical ' may not have been the best word , even though it applies . 
  but ` nuisance ' is definitely appropriate . 
  for starters , you need to make a huge hole on your wall to mount them , plus a smaller one for the lifting mechanism , and sometimes also add a big box over the window , with a lid that it is almost impossible to hide . 
  then , in order to close and open them , and unless you have plenty of money to install an electric motor , there are only two options : the classic belt , which means you have to effectively lift them by yourself , even though they are sometimes pretty heavy , and which gets stuck pretty often ; and the modern crank , which takes away any effort but also takes forever to do it , and which gets stuck less often but if it does you are truly screwed . 
  then there 's the blinds themselves . 
  they look so white and nice when they are brand new , but it does n't last long . 
  they yellow over time , they get holes from hail and flying debris , and if you happen to live in an apartment over the first floor chances are you just ca n't clean them on the outside . 
  and as time goes by they just stop fitting right , and no matter what you do there 's a small hole that lets light go through . 
  and changing or fixing them is the biggest nuisance . 
  simple as the whole thing is you end up calling an specialist , and it takes a whole day and a big operation to do it , which will almost inevitably lead to repainting the wall . 
  but curtains ? 
  curtains are great . 
  you do n't need a big hole for them , just four screws for the bar supporters . 
  there 's no need to hire someone to put them up if you do n't want to . 
  you can choose them in whatever fabric you want , even do them yourself if you can sew . 
  opening and closing them is just a matter of couple of pulls . 
  if they tear or get dirty you can easily and quickly put them down , fix them , wash them , and put them up again . 
  and if you get tired of them you can change them at any moment without any big operation . 
  and do n't get me started with net curtains . 
  that 's the sexiest thing that 's ever happened to windows . 
  well , historically it 's true . 
  we like coffee so much even when we did n't have any ( in and after the war ) we drank infusions made with whatever any other plant or legume we could find whose taste was at least remotely similar to coffee , but not tea . 
  it never caught on , and i think even today it sounds like a posh thing to a lot of people . 
  and since we are so used to our burnt and strong coffee , any other hot drink looks weak in comparison . 
  all the other kinds of tea and herbal infusions are regarded as things only people who ca n't drink coffee take , like weak women , children , or people who are sick . 
  i swear to god , i once asked for a chamomile tea because i did n't feel like coffee , and someone said ` oh , are you not feeling well ? ' . 
  i do n't drink coffee any longer ( not by choice , it does a number on my guts ) , so i stick to other kinds of tea , and i can feel the condescending looks every time i ask for it in a bar or cafe . 
  also , bar and cafe teas suck big time . 
  of course not , turn lights are for the weak . 
  you do n't want to show the others you do not have any idea of how to use the lanes on a roundabout . 
  you just get in , choose a lane at random , and get out as fast as possible to avoid crashing with the other cars . 
  nothing , and everything . 
  flamenco is or at least should be just an art form that is typical of a particular region of spain . 
  you either like it or not , it should n't be a big deal . 
  the problem is that at some point in history it become representative of the whole of spain , which a lot of people resent because our country is a lot more diverse than tat . 
  also , in the south flamenco is freaking everywhere , so if you live there and you do n't like it you are definitely going to have a hard time . 
  and even if you do not live in the area flamenco is now so ingrained in our culture that it can be found wherever you go . 
  some of the most popular artists have a flamenco-ish style , lots of brands use flamenco motives , and the government happily pushes the flamenco stereotype to promote the country . 
  i do n't know about others , but i personally am a bit tired of it . 
  you do have a point . 
  home force fields are not arriving fast enough . 
  i feel people consider holidays do not count . 
  i guess they do n't want to judge others so they are not judged if they do something similar . 
  but you are right , at this point the reality should be sinking in . 
  actually , brits concentrate in some particular areas ( mostly the coast ) , so there are a lot of spaniards who have never met one and still have that outdated victorian-esque stereotype / u/trashcan __ man mentions . 
  it probably does n't help that most of the british media that the spanish ever see are period pieces , rom-coms , or political reports . 
  catalanofobia is very real , i tell you . 
  it might not be as extended or as serious as it is reported sometimes , but i assure you there are people out there that have an irrational hatred for everything related to that part of spain . 
  no , seriously , i am . 
  i 'm very vanilla and uninteresting , a terrible conversationalist , and i do n't even know what to do when i 'm hosting people . 
  but it 's okay , i do n't think it 's bad . 
  not everyone is born to dazzle , and i have other qualities . 
  what i do n't get is what does have to do with being a spaniard . 
  it 's not like some of those people are that interesting themselves . 
  or maybe that 's the point : believing you are more interesting that you really are is part of their idea of spanishness . 
  as it happens , i had to learn catalan some years ago ( i still speak it ) . 
  let 's just say it did n't exactly made me very popular with my southern neighbours . 
  thankfully , not . 
  i 've had first-person accounts from others , and i feel i would n't survive a day . 
  nah , i rather others came in . 
  i have tea and videogames . 
  funny , since i am an introvert and yet i 'm not bothered by people sitting next to me on the bus . 
  ironically enough it might be a result of being spanish , since it seems our personal space is not very big , so i eventually got used to people being close ( but not india-close , that would be awkward for me too ) . 
  i 've only lived in spain , uk , and france . 
  i like the uk better , but i understand and even share part of your criticism . 
  i guess at this point in my life it 's a matter of finding the right social circle rather than the right country . 
  not going to be easy , though . 
  i actually do n't like persianas , i find them very impractical .
