  nowadays is a poisoned topic most politicians do not want to touch because whatever their decision ( regulate it or ban it ) there will be an outcry from a part of the population . 
  the only thing that we all seem to agree on is that street prostitution looks bad , so even though pimping is technically a crime we tend to look the other way on regards of brothels since they take the problem out of sight . 
  there are lots of brothels on the roads , some of hem huge as hotels , as well as small ones operating out of ordinary apartments . 
  there have been attempts at fixing the problem , though , albeit usually half-assed . 
  since trying to kick prostitutes out of the streets is sometimes impossible some cities are now fining their clients instead . 
  there have also been crackdowns on brothels for human trafficking . 
  and there are organisations that have been asking to regulate it for some time now . 
  but there is not a general agreement on how to deal with it , so it remains in a legal limbo . 
  i 'd say around 95 % or more of the milk we drink in spain is uht and comes in cartons . 
  some brands also sell it in big plastic bottles , but it 's the same stuff . 
  i remember seeing bags of what i assume was fresh or low-pasteurised milk when i was a little kid but not any more . 
  non-uht milk has been very hard to find for a long time ( unless you happened to live in a milk-producing area ) but it 's making a shy comeback : you can now find small quantities of it in supermarkets , and in some places there are milk vending machines . 
  yep , we do . 
  there 's a televised military parade every 12 of october , which is our national day . 
  and it invariably triggers protests and debates , which is becoming a tradition on its own . 
  your version makes more sense . 
  ` novio/a ' sounds a bit too formal and implies exclusivity , so when people do n't want to use those words they do n't really know what to say . 
  it 's usually `` your ( special ) friend '' , or `` your boy/girl '' , or just `` that person you go out with '' . 
  i guess we 've never had a dating scene big enough to come up with more specific words . 
  in a park of my small hometown there was a beloved statue of a kid shepherd . 
  the park was neglected for a long time , and one day the statue disappeared . 
  our local conspiracy theory is that the then-mayor stole it one night and put it in his countryside property . 
  a lot of people think so but of course nobody has bothered proving it . 
  i 'm convinced what happened is much simpler : council workers tried to remove it to start renovations in the park , but they broke it and the council silenced it because they did n't want to piss the town . 
  eventually the statue was replaced with a replica . 
  because , as i said , even though it 's taught in most schools and high-schools as a second language , there 's a lot of private and public language schools teaching it , and in sectors like tourism , finance or science it 's basically essential , most people still do n't speak it properly . 
  we are definitely doing something wrong . 
  few people speak it fluently . 
  it 's usually taught in high-schools as a second language , and we have official language schools which teach english as well , but even for those who do know the language ( mostly those younger than 40 ) i 'd say the general level is b1 at most . 
  in spanish : - novio ( boyfriend ) - novia ( girlfriend ) those two words are also used for ` groom ' and ` bride ' , which are their original meaning . 
  they come from the latin word ` novus ' , which means ` new ' , as in ` new marriage ' . 
  at some point in history their use was expanded to the initial courtship as well , because i guess there was no dating back then and relationships were supposed to end in a wedding . 
  in a juvenile way , no matter the age . 
  in the sense that we are not capable of talking about it if it 's not in a dirty way . 
  i guess it 's a consequence of our strict catholic heritage : sex became a taboo , and taboos are broken , not discussed honestly and maturely . 
  the silver lining is that since we grow up with this lewd concept of sex it does n't faze us . 
  someone shows her tits on public tv ? 
  we cheer and joke about it instead of bringing out the pitchforks . 
  yes , but rarely in a radical way . 
  i guess a 40-year totalitarian conservative dictatorship was enough for most people . 
  there is still some `` red scare '' around , but i think generally speaking there is more of `` live and let live '' attitude . 
  nope , nothing like that in spain . 
  the concept of `` celebrating the community '' does n't exist . 
  we just do n't give that much importance to the institutions as such , and juvenile sports are not even remotely as popular as they are in the usa . 
  i know there are some leagues for schools and universities at a local and regional level , but they are small and inconsequential . 
  schools sometimes have events that involve all students , but they are related to holidays and special occasions . 
  and the only thing that might unite university students is a strike or a party . 
  that is not to say that both school and universities do n't have their own signs of identity , but they are understated ( logos , mottos , maybe a flag ) and we do n't have the need to make the students feel part of something bigger . 
  we are much more pragmatical than that : a place to learn is a place to learn , and that 's all . 
  also , there is just not money for things like bands , professional teams , or printed newspapers . 
  children are usually taken to swimming lessons , which is seen as an essential skill , but it 's neither compulsory nor part of the school curriculum . 
  and since not every town has a swimming pool , and only about a third of the population lives in the coast , i 'm pretty sure there is a number of people who ca n't swim . 
  in any case , swimming is a minor sport here , not particularly popular . 
  we like `` standing on a field '' sports better ( football , basket , tennis ) . 
  there is certainly a gap between those who lived the dictatorship and those who have only known democracy . 
  but aside from that , it 's the usual cultural differences you could expect from two different generations . 
  which do n't seem to be that great , given how freaking fast older people have adopted facebook and whatsapp . 
  oh , yes , i have the feeling a lot of people think we live like a century ago , where you could just talk to a shop-keeper and ask them if they would hire them to sweep the floor for a few coins or take them as a apprentice . 
  that does not work that way !, 
  there are visas , and permits , and contracts , and taxes , and ( in the case of spain ) very few jobs for a very long list of unemployed unskilled people who do speak the local language . 
  depending on how badly they do it , it can be more or less easy . 
  i could spot a spaniard speaking broken english anywhere . 
  but if you were to put me in front of a portuguese , a spaniard , an italian , and a greek , all with a similar knowledge of spoken english , i would probably have a hard time telling them apart . 
  i 'd say at this point that falls in the stereotype category . 
  a biggest misconception , which we have to dispel in / r/spain quite often , is that you can come to spain knowing little to no spanish and find a job teaching english or something like that . 
  sorry , people , that 's not how it works . 
  first , if you are not a eu citizen there is quite a bit of paperwork you have to deal with before you can even come here . 
  second , if you do n't speak spanish you are going to have a very bad time because we do n't speak english . 
  and third , unemployment is very high , so finding a job is anything but easy ( and even if you do find one , it 's likely it will not be well paid ) . 
  not the soft local cops from my southern hometown , that 's for sure . 
  but we could always borrow some ertzaintza . 
  or better yet , bring in the legion , they can probably take care of all of them bare-chested and using just a knife . 
  i think we would lose the bigger cities pretty quickly , but the smaller places will probably be able to push them back . 
  it 's never a good idea to piss off a whole town of sun-hardened countrymen . 
  if the zombies ever get there , i mean . 
  some areas are so sparsely populated , and some villages so remote , that they might not ever see one . 
  generally speaking , not much . 
  most people can do perfectly fine with just english . 
  but in some parts of the country there are large communities of expats , so knowing their language can make it easier for you to land a job ( this applies mostly to french , german , and russian ) . 
  also , the export industry is always looking for people who can speak several different languages perfectly , including less-common ones like norwegian ( and , of course , they do n't find them here ) . 
  snopes did a very good job explaining this : http://www.snopes.com/politics/religion/nogozones.asp as for what spain is concerned , same as what other people from other countries answered : cops go wherever they are needed , but there are certain rough neighbourhoods i would certainly not go in willingly . 
  i do n't , because i 'm an atheist , but my parents do have a cross in their bedroom , and i 've seen them in a lot of older people 's homes . 
  i 'd say it was pretty normal for religious people from the previous generation . 
  you still can do good stuff , as ` deutschland 83 ' proves . 
  it had some pretty glaring flaws but i really enjoyed it and i 'm looking forward more seasons . 
  well , there 's the us show timeless now , which has literally [ ripped off the core idea ] ( http://tvline.com/2016/09/27/timeless-lawsuit-el-ministerio-del-tiempo/ ) . 
  although now that we 're two episodes in it looks a lot less funny and entertaining , on top of having very forced mysteries and a less organic development ( the fact that ours happens in a ministry , with its bureaucratic problems , the office gossip , and its own bar is what really makes the show ) . 
  i like some current music artists ( like fito or russian red ) , although i 'm one of those who believe for the most part we stopped making good music in the mid 90s ( part of it is an age bias , since those were my teenage years , but it 's also a fact that there was an explosion of creativity in the 80s , right after our dictatorship ended ) . 
  i do n't watch spanish movies in general because too many of them are cheap comedies or slice-of-life dramas i 'm not really interested in . 
  there 's also a marked lack of quality in a lot of them that really does n't help . 
  but i do think there are good directors and writers out there , and every now and then i find myself enjoying some ( last one was ` la isla m\u00ednima ' , which was a bit overhyped but i thought was pretty good anyway ) . 
  and i think the tv shows landscape is a mess for the most part . 
  way too many gossip and interview programs , for one . 
  there 's also the problem of the `` all-family '' shows . 
  since the spanish audience is not too big , and historically there 's not been much money around , tv channels tend to invest in shows that are 1 ) not expensive , 2 ) very long ( more than 2 hours sometimes ) , and 3 ) marketed to an audience as broad as possible , including kids and adults . 
  that kind of shows cope the prime time and do n't leave room or money for more niche things , so if you want something different you are out of luck . 
  things have been improving , though , and now you can find shows like `` el ministerio del tiempo '' ( a time-travelling show , which is a very rare thing indeed ) . 
  i also enjoy the new kind of documentaries that some channels are doing , like the travel ones that follow around foreigners in spain or spaniards in foreign countries . 
  it was a spanish colony , the last one in the continent , right until the war with the us in 1898 , which made quite an impact in our history . 
  there 's a spanish saying , still used today sometimes when you give up on something , that goes `` m\u00e1s se perdi\u00f3 en cuba '' ( `` we lost much more in cuba '' ) , meaning `` it 's okay , this is n't as bad as what happened in cuba '' .
