  it was only when i turned 18 and all the noise ended that i was fully aware of the fact . 
  who knows , maybe i never believed in the first place and i was just doing what the grown-ups had told me to do . 
  i was raised catholic and was indeed a good catholic boy until i turned 18 and all the rituals , catechism classes , parish activities and going to mass with my family ended . 
  then i realised i did n't believe in all that stuff . 
  lawyers , lawyers everywhere : * adolfo su\u00e1rez ( 1979-1981 ) - law degree . 
  had different political roles during the late franco government . 
  he was `` general secretary-minister of the movement '' before becoming president . 
  * leopoldo calvo-sotelo ( 1981 - 1982 ) - civil engineer . 
  he headed different ministries , and was vice-president of economic affairs before becoming president ( briefly ) * felipe gonz\u00e1lez ( 1982 - 1996 ) - law degree . 
  he affiliated to the socialist party when he was just 20 and rose in the ranks until becoming first secretary of the party . 
  he was a member of the parliament and leader of the opposition before becoming president . 
  * jos\u00e9 mar\u00eda aznar ( 1996 - 2004 ) - law degree ( feeling a pattern yet ? ) . 
  he was a public servant when joined what is now the popular party . 
  he became the president of the castilla y leon parliament , then a member of the national parliament and leader of the opposition , and finally became president . 
  * jos\u00e9 luis rodr\u00edguez zapatero ( 2004 - 2011 ) - law degree . 
  he was a member of the parliament for a long time before becoming general secretary of the leon socialist federation , then first secretary of the socialist party and finally president . 
  * mariano rajoy 2015h ( 2011 - now ) - law degree . 
  he held different roles in the galician regional government before becoming a member of the parliament . 
  when aznar won he became minister of education and afterwards first vice-president and minister of presidence . 
  he was chosen by aznar as his successor as leader of the party and finally became president . 
  somewhere in la mancha ( sorry i 'm not more specific , anonymity and all that ) . 
  if you have a look at historical maps you 'll see all that area was a buffer zone between the moor and christian kingdoms for a long time . 
  the area where my hometown is located has had small settlements since the palaeolithic , but none of them stuck and it was mostly abandoned when the moors invaded the peninsula . 
  right after they were pushed back to africa , around 500 years ago , a group of shepherds decided to settle down because there was a well and plenty of unused fields , and so the town was born . 
  not in spain . 
  at most , i 've heard people say `` i have some jewish/moroccan blood '' but not as a big deal , just as an anecdote . 
  it is true , though , that we have a strong regional identification , to the point many people do n't consider themselves just ` spanish ' but ` spanish from [ insert region here ] ' . 
  e. g. i 'm spanish , from la mancha . 
  it 's also common to hear things like ` i 'm half catalan , half andalusian ' . 
  nevertheless , this might change in the not so distant future when the latin america and western europe migrants blend further with the locals and start producing offspring that is indeed one third this and one third that . 
  i already considered moving to canada once , so that would be my first pick . 
  if not possible , then i guess argentina . 
  actually we sort of have another one . 
  `` palomo cojo '' ( `` limping pidgeon '' ) means `` male homosexual '' . 
  not exactly what op asked but it involves a bird and sexuality . 
  edit : actually , it 's part of a saying : `` ser m\u00e1s maric\u00f3n que un palomo cojo '' ( `` to be more of a faggot than a limping pidgeon '' ) . 
  still , it 's used that way . 
  spain is mostly comprised of small towns , plus a few big cities . 
  in both cases buildings are concentrated ( terraced houses ) instead of spread out , with large mostly empty space ( as in no houses ) between one town and the next . 
  suburban developments like the ones in the us are pretty uncommon , specially the ` dettached houses with a surrounding garden ' kind . 
  the housing bubble popularized new residential areas a bit far from traditional population centres , but i believe most of them either follow the terraced house pattern ( for the most affordable ones ) , or consist of walled bungalows/chalets ( for the more expensive kind ) . 
  in spain you wo n't find that much peanut butter anywhere . 
  to us it 's still a foreign novelty and even in the biggest supermarkets they only have a handful of one or two imported brands . 
  the only common butter is the ordinary milk one , although now you can also find almond butter and similar products in bio shops . 
  in an aisle like that what you 'll find is lots of jam , honey , and chocolate spreads ( before nutella became so popular we already had our own spanish-created spread called nocilla , plus a few imitators ) . 
  in big supermarkets you 'll also find a handful of chocolate/strawberry syrups . 
  maple syrup is still as much a novelty as peanut butter , though , and there 's not much available . 
  agave syrup , on the other hand , has found its place as an alternative sweetener , although you 'll also find more varieties on bio shops than in normal stores . 
  i believe i mentioned this in another comment from another thread , but it 's worth repeating because it speaks volumes about what it meant to us : there 's a saying from my grandparents ' generation that is used as a way of putting up with something that goes 'm \u00e1s se perdi\u00f3 en cuba ' ( more was lost in cuba ) . 
  it means ` yeah , this is bad , but it 's not as bad as when spain lost cuba in the war ' . 
  oops , sorry , i misunderstood the news report . 
  and i do n't even know why i wrote ` catalonian ' . 
  i need stronger tea in the mornings , i guess . 
  six weeks ago in a catalan town a hunter killed two ~ ~ civil guard ~ ~ rural officers who were asking for his gun licence , which apparently was expired . 
  fuck guns . 
  well , `` more positively '' might not be the best way to put it . 
  things have changed for the better , but many spaniards still see our indigenous gypsies quite negatively . 
  nevertheless , most of them are nothing alike romani migrants . 
  even though our gypsies still have a somewhat isolated culture , for all intents and purposes they are spanish , who speak spanish , and are part of spanish society . 
  romani migrants are still foreigners we barely know anything about , who do n't speak the language and are often only seen begging on the streets . 
  i think the best way to describe my fellow spanish drivers is `` impatient '' . 
  has it taken you 1 second too long to move your car after the traffic lights goes green ? 
  someone will honk . 
  have you stayed on the left highway lane a few seconds too long after passing a car ? 
  you will most likely have another car dangerously close behind you , maybe even flashing its lights . 
  are you crossing the street a bit too slowly ? 
  cars will probably not stop until you are in the middle of it . 
  riding a bike ? 
  almost nobody respects the security speed and distance when they pass you . 
  we are definitely not as aggressive as i 've heard italians can be but there 's definitely lots of honking , speeding up , and even swearing and gestures when things get heated . 
  `` 1080 recetas de cocina '' ( 1080 recipes ) by [ simone ortega ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/simone_ortega ) has been the spanish cooking bible for several decades . 
  there 's actually a bit of everything in there ( including french cuisine , since she 's actually from alsace ) , but it contains the most traditional dishes from this country . 
  i feel your pain . 
  i also live in an old block of flats with paper-thin walls . 
  right now my problems come from two insomniacs who like to watch tv until very late at night ( although i have n't been able to locate them yet because from my bed i can hear everything in a two-floor radius ) , and my next-door neighbour who not only happens to have her bedroom wall-to-wall with our living room , but is also very sexually active and either his lover is insanely talented or she just likes to scream as if they were murdering her . 
  none . 
  mostly because spain was supposed to take over 17000 refugees but so far only a few hundred are here . 
  and even if they all come there 's already over half a million north-africans ( moroccans and algerians ) living in the country , so it will hardly make a dent . 
  all in all , the muslim community is very , very low in our list of concerns . 
  yes , the [ real academia espa\u00f1ola ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/real_academia_espa%c3%b1ola ) ( spanish royal academy ) . 
  its motto is `` limpia , fija y da esplendor '' ( it cleans , fixes , and gives splendor ) , which gives a good idea about their role . 
  aside from promoting standards they also curate and publish a dictionary and grammar that are the ultimate language authorities in spain . 
  fun fact : a lot of people mistakenly call it `` real academia de la lengua '' ( royal language academy ) , because there are in fact 8 other official royal academies that do have their speciality in their titles ( like , for instance , `` royal history academy '' ) , but that it is not it nor has it ever been the rae 's name . 
   the rest of spain speaks standard peninsular spanish ( sometimes called in english `` castilian spanish '' ) , but with regional accents that 's very inaccurate . 
  there are a lot of regional variations that , while not officially considered ` dialects ' , go further beyond than just `` spanish with an accent '' . 
  between one region and the next there can be whole dictionaries-worth of vocabulary differences , and there are even turns of phrase that are unique to one particular area or even town . 
  southerner here : while chinese do have a few of them where i live , most corner shops are now run by latin-america migrants . 
  there 's also a bunch of north-african stores , some of them your typical halal butcher shop/minimarket , but also a lot of produce shops . 
  no , no , no , it 's the worst tourism and * legal advice * page ever . 
  i think ` huge moneymaking opportunity ' is a bit of an overstatement , for two reasons : 1 . 
  there 's at least ten european countries that systematically dub foreign movies and tv shows , and i 'm pretty sure only a specific demographic within those countries prefer original versions with subtitles . 
  so a hypothetical european netflix would not have a great audience in europe itself , which would not compensate the second reason . 
  a lot of the content would have to come from national broadcasters , who tend to hold tightly to their rights because they are a good source of money . 
  it would take a great deal of convincing , or investing a great deal of money upfront , to have them pour their content into a place they would n't have much control over and would not return them much profit . 
  the only solution i see is that all the national broadcasters and some of the private ones joined forces to create a trans-national european streaming service , but i could only imagine what a political nightmare it would become . 
  it 's not really ' a thing ' ( as in , it 's not common country-wide ) , but some specific recipes from some regions do ask for unpeeled potatoes . 
  the most famous being canary island 's * ` papas arrugadas ' * ( [ wrinkly potatoes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/canarian_wrinkly_potatoes ) ) . 
  when i was a little kid it was * ' \u00a1 chispitas !, 
  ' * ( little sparks ) . 
  same ritual , though .
