yeah i meant radicalised terrorist of the past year . 
  is this the first islamic state terrorist captured alive ? 
  so far i feel all of them got either killed or were able to escape . 
  merci , 
  i guess you did n't mean to write macron . 
  since you ca n't lose votes to yourself . 
  to who is macron losing votes ? 
  i do n't really know a lot about the other candidates except for le pen and fillon . 
  garisson is such a bad cartoonist . 
  he does n't have any subtelty and still feels the need to label everything . 
  that 's just election rutte . 
  after a month or two he 'll be back to his regular business . 
  not really . 
  if cda was a party in america people would call them socialists . 
  cu and d66 are both very green parties so atleast climate change wo n't be neglected this time . 
  no but it shows that we are n't even voting the most for a party against immigrants in europe . 
  wilders is expected to get at most 20 % of the votes . 
  le pen is expected to get somewhere around 30 % of the vote . 
  what is your logic ? 
  http://frontbencher.nl/vvd-3-omhoog-pvv-4-omlaag-slotpeiling/ edit : and i just found this one that 's semi respectable http://www.ipsos-nederland.nl/ipsos-politieke-barometer/barometer-van-deze-week/, 
  ok i 'm stopping with this discussion . 
  you went completly ham because of one sentence i typed that has nothing to do with my original comments . 
  my point is that if someone has the ability to understand what immigrants are ging through right now it 's people with immigrant backgrounds . 
  and you 're putting words in my mouth i never said terrorism is the only reason or `` merely implied it '', 
  i do n't think they should carry the blame of what others did . 
  that 's why i think it 's unfair that they are giving the same treatment to people from the middle east that they got . 
  btw terrorism was n't the correct term i meant more something like conflicts of struggling to fit in . 
  it 's hypocritical because surinamers also have a background of immigration and struggling to fit in the netherlands . 
  edit : changed terrorism to struggling to fit in, 
  i 'm not really surprised that surinamers are also afraid of migration . 
  even though i think it 's slightly hypocritical . 
  i have a suspicion wilders was n't getting a lot of voters from that demographic anyway . 
  how ? 
  vvd is pro europe , pvv is dropping in the polls and usually gets less seats then expected , and there are many possible coalitions without the pvv . 
  yeah but everybody knows that erdogan is talking nonsense . 
  pointing out the hypocrisy in a way like this only builds the tension higher . 
  especially since a lot of turkish people visit this subreddit . 
  i do n't have a problem with criticising the turkish government for handling this situation the way they did but calling turkish people nazi 's makes us look childish . 
  yeah let 's not escalate this any further and stop with these anti turkey posts . 
  this subreddit turns against turkey for one day and immediately it gets flooded with posts like this . 
  this is some hardcore propaganda my dude, 
  so far this is mostly helping rutte because of his strong stance against turkey . 
  dutch translation is wrong . 
  it 's giraffe . 
  very goed ge\u00ebnglished, 
  i believe referendums can work well if it 's about a very important subject and the public is wel informed . 
  the problem with the one we had here in the netherlands was that an anti european union movement immediatly used the new law that allowed referendums to be held for something to thwart the union . 
  which was inicdentally the association agreement for ukraine , a very difficult subject with way too many information for a regular voter to understand . 
  because of this both the for and against campaigns spreaded out misinformation which led to a lot of people not voting either because they did n't care/understand the agreement or as a protest against the terrible campaigns . 
  i google translated this so i 'm not sure if it 's the right translation but it was about a association agreement ( associatie verdrag ) for ukraine . 
  the amount of voters that show up for our house of representatives elections wavers around 80 % usually . 
  i ca n't give you any comparisons between other referendums because we 've only had one . 
  greenleft has a few liberal standpoints i believe . 
  we also tried it in the netherlands . 
  in the end only 32 % of the people voted after a terrible campaign from both sides . 
  how 's the afd doing atm ? 
  last time i heard of them they were kinda imploding . 
  oh that 's actually really interesting thanks for the link !, 
  how is it a myth ? 
  you ca n't just call the dark ages a myth lmao . 
  claiming that technologically the muslims were n't more advanced during that time period is straight up revissionism . 
  yeah thank god we became all christian, 
  yeah thanks for keeping us in the dark ages for another 100 years !!!!, 
  lmao your president has no values . 
  he just does everything possible to stay in power . 
   enough marche lol, 
  as often as left leaning parties are in control . 
  spd are socialists right ? 
  if so this is probably a contender for least noteworthy news article . 
  i have no idea why you 're being downvoted . 
  the best way to de-radicalise people is to talk to them . 
  yeah , she has really trashy shoes that do n't reflect her personality at all . 
  especially combined with the usual very formal clothing that she has . 
  elmo casually beheading himself after realising he only got 3 votes . 
  oh boy ... you must be having a rough day . 
  because she 's incompetent . 
  same thing happened in the netherlands . 
  most people do n't really want to leave the eu here yet it 's one of wilders 's biggest campaign points . 
  as in socialist . 
  why did this guy even join the socialist party ? 
  as far as i understand he is n't for left wing economics at all . 
  hey i have a question . 
  my friend is dark skinned but both his parents and grandparents have been living their whole life in the netherlands ( or at least his parents his grandparents came here when they still were children ) . 
  do you consider him dutch or still cura\u00e7aoan ? 
  we 're save for now dude . 
  both groenlinks and d66 also grew in seats and they 're probably the biggest fans of eu . 
  do n't you guys literally have a party that 's based on the policies of nazi 's or something ? 
  except for napoleon right ? 
  wilders got way less seats then expected and in austria the greens won over the populists . 
  so this will be three in a row . 
  wilders got way less seats then expected and in austria the greens won over the populists . 
  so this will be three in a row . 
  if you keep your pace up you 'll be autobanned for having a terrible karma rate . 
  this is like the 3th time this video was posted lmao . 
  ca n't you people have a discussion rather then spamming propaganda ? 
  that was actually an extremely good video . 
  yeah as expected . 
  there was n't really a narrative at all that only old nationalist people vote le pen . 
  yeah it 's le pen with only 21 % . 
  so according to this poll that does n't have a source only 30 % of young people voted right wing ...
