  thanks , guy . 
  china ? 
  why on earth would you put the link in the first letter . 
  are you trying to discriminate against mobile users ? 
  the fire brigade talked a female cow out of the barn ? 
  you know about the zionist conspiracy ? 
  how the jews are behind everything ? 
  that 's just tusk as well, 
  uhhh ... not really unfortunately . 
  for instance do you remember the extended jetski and waterskiing sequences ? 
  probably not because it was 1995 and people had n't figured out yet those things were super lame . 
  basically , they saw mad max and wanted to so something similar . 
  only instead of having awesome vehicles they have a 50 pound piece of plastic painted to look rusty . 
  yawn , watch mad max instead . 
  so , any plans for an impromptu visit ? 
  did they they really do that ? 
  that 's rather brazen ... 
  yeah , i always thought panzerkampfwagen meant the caravan you take to your campsite in france, 
  it 's about [ william of orange ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/william_the_silent ) . 
  mainly making jokes/puns about various things in his life and dutch history . 
  stuff like `` my spices are so hot , i need oven mitts to masturbate '' . 
  i 'm pretty sure it was made by the dutch version of r / circlejerk . 
  it tends to do that . 
  only bested by lelystad, 
  there are no brakes on the train a grande macresse and i fking love it . 
  [ am i a teenager again ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rr8ljrgcjnm ), 
  welcome to the rabbit hole . 
  now find a reason there 's a north and south america when they 're part of the same unbroken landmass . 
  and technically eurasia and africa are as well , aside from the suez canal . 
  if the result of donald trump is everyone starts roasting each other on official twitter channels i 'll call his presidency a tremendous success !, 
  [ picture of a group of turkish soldiers fighting against nazi occupation ca . 
  1940 [ colorized ] ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/c6t5iqkw0aagknu.jpg ), 
  did louis xiv himself design it ? 
  it looks so bright you 'd need sunglasses ... 
  everyone should practice more kerbal space program . 
  because it is awesome . 
  why ? 
  do you know of any place that does like gypsies ? 
  lmao the guy has been in office for 3 days and already there 's a german publication complaining about how expensive it 's gon na be ? 
  the parody writes itself ... 
  that only goes for sweden , probably because otherwise it would n't fit . 
  compare the 0.086 to 0.024 . 
  they are both roughly 0.03 from belgium and their bar length matches . 
  what , no gift shop with cute miniature-wagon keychains ? 
  i know it 's very judgemental of me but i 've been operating under the assumption that mark rutte is 100 % gay or asexual . 
  the 2004 invasion of iraq , which lead to widespread destabilization in the entire area . 
  the best way to solve it is to get rid of isis as a state actor , and then negotiate a comprehensive cease-fire to start the long peace progress . 
  people will probably hate me for saying this but i think even assad would be preferable to another 5 years of religious civil war . 
  do n't forget complaining about lazy eastern europeans and then blaming them for taking our jobs in the same sentence . 
  i think that 's just a german thing . 
  i can say squirrel just fine . 
  the general idea is they do n't have enough time to completely rewrite all their laws in the limited window until the uk leaves ( 2 years ) . 
  rather than scrambling to pick the ones they like and rewrite everything else , what they will do is simply copy existing european laws so they have a working system . 
  later , when there 's no deadline , they can go back to fix whatever they want fixing . 
  what the fuck is a `` crankshaftwavehousingsairing '' that ca n't be a word, 
  and there was the whole issue with racial profiling . 
  which was brought to light when a black rapper ( i want to say typhoon ) got pulled over for inspection because he was black and driving a nice car . 
  i know the royal houses from the uk , belgium and the netherlands are all actually germans . 
  i do n't know much about the kings of scandinavia , but i imagine they have plenty of german ancestry in them as well . 
  in this case you 're specifically looking for the northern crusades , where a bunch of christians decided having all those pagans around was a bad thing . 
  so they went over and fixed it by ~ ~ looting , burning , and murdering ~ ~ * converting * the heathens . 
  if that was all for a good cause in the depends on whether you think christianity as a whole is a good thing to have i suppose . 
  i 'm not christian , so i do n't really care much for it . 
  in fact , i think it 's kind of a shame how all over europe pagan cultures got wiped out by the same old boring monotheism . 
  my life 's goal is to have 100k burning a hole in my pocket and a nice big barn somewhere , so i can finally get me one of those former-soviet mig 21s . 
  i do n't have a pilots licence , so i would n't actually do anything with it . 
  i 'd just sit in a chair and watch it all day while nursing a huge boner . 
  [ before he was king , he was prins pils ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5s8tong4zi ), 
  that 's just regular dutch nowadays . 
  the language has taken so many words and idioms from english , you can totally speak a hybrid and no-one will bat an eyelash . 
  although language purists might suffer some spikes of high blood pressure . 
  i do n't think trump has said many nice things about germany or merkel . 
  then there was that thing where he gave her a 300 billion dollar bill ... 
  [ ophelia ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/94/john_everett_millais_-_ophelia_-_google_art_project.jpg ), 
  not really for dutch people but foreigners , how about : * achtentachtig prachtige grachten *, 
  an ashtray , or so i 'm told, 
  it 's actually bigger than the netherlands ( who would 've thought ) and the beaches are nice . 
  we 'll polder right up to venice and then retire of the tourism proceeds . 
  as much as my high school teacher would hate it , i speak american english . 
  i do n't really have a favorite american accent , i guess neutral or slightly northeastern sounds most natural to me . 
  i hate the stereotypical ny and nj accents though , they sound awful . 
  best worldwide anglo accent has to be kiwi . 
  seems like it was written by someone who 'd only heard of europe by vague description . 
  still liked it tho, 
  1 de jong ( the young ) 2 jansen ( johnson ) 3 de vries ( the frisian ) 4 van de berg / van den berg / van der berg ( from the mountain ) 5 van dijk ( from the dyke ) 6 bakker ( baker ) 7 janssen ( johnson again ) 8 visser ( fisher ) 9 smit ( smith ) 10 meijer / meyer ( mayor ) i 'm not gon na give out my own surname , but it 's relatively rare . 
  last time this topic came up it turned out there were like 380 people sharing my last name in the entire country . 
  not a lot considering i know at least 20-30 of those . 
  the grass is always greener on the other side . 
  what are unique medieval townhouses to you are just houses to me . 
  people travel 1000s of kilometers to view fields of flowers that i 'd pass on the way to my friends house to play videogames . 
  only [ funhaus ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucbomx_ungapbsuoigasn3-q ) - gaming and comedy . 
  i 've seen other channels mentioned in here but funhaus is the only one with a show i actually follow ( demo disk ) . 
  mfw i 'm so old the balkan wars were n't taught in history class because they were still ongoing ' ; _ ;, 
  by god just think of it . 
  they do n't even speak english there !, 
  i did n't actually know so i had to count , end up with 16 or 17 . 
  i 'll count the uk as 1 so i end up with 16 different countries . 
  my favorite is probably indonesia . 
  my mothers side of the family is from there and i still have a lot of family living .
