  leiden is an amazing city to live in . 
  it has more bars per square km than you will know what to do with , amazing museums so you can sent pictures back home that your mother will approve of , some nice public parks for the off chance the weather is nice . 
  and as people have pointed out , it 's right smack in the middle of every dutch attraction you can think of . 
  all accessible directly via train in roughly 30 minutes . 
  take a flight to another city in europe for a long weekend ? 
  20 minute trainride and you 'll disembark literally inside the airport . 
  * maaaybe * . 
  at best a very loose confederation with very little executive power at the top . 
  when compared to the us the states would be much more independent . 
  but that 's pretty much what we already have . 
  i think the eu needs to be more transparent , efficient and localized . 
  but i do n't see how further integration would help that . 
  i honestly would n't be surprised if he started wearing turtlenecks and then suddenly keeled over from leukemia, 
  oh trust me , i consume a whole lot more than a [ tablespoon a year ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/satay ), 
   bees ass nothing so gross fortunately . 
  honey is bee puke . 
  i mean , 50 % of those children will be girls . 
  so right off the bat , i think it 's kind of strange they should n't be allowed to see boobs . 
  it sets this weird sort of tone that their own bodies are ( will be ) sort of shameful and must be hidden at all times . 
  idk , i just do n't really see the problem with a boob . 
  ofcourse i can totally understand you would n't want everyone freeballing all the time , because that would also set a rather weird example . 
  best solution i think is to just have designated beaches where it 's ok . 
  so if you want to get that even tan you can go there and not bother anyone . 
  `` south hollandic '' as a dialect of german hnnng . 
  my blood pressure ... 
  my head would explode or i would survive and demand an immediate physical examination of merkel to make sure she was n't a clone or a lizardperson wearing a merkelsuit . 
  seriously , i am 100 % convinced she is physically incapable of making a nazi joke . 
  the ny yankees caps are ubiquitous . 
  lots of people wear them as a fashion item . 
  my friends wore them all throughout highschool . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.shareforce.eu/nl/blog/marktaandelen-smartphones-2017 ) apple has 32 % of the smartphone market share . 
  assuming the majority of other phones are android that would make it roughly 2:1 . 
  i myself prefer the more open android platform because it gives me options in terms of models/manufacturers . 
  and i do n't have to send my phone to apple at hugely inflated prices should i need to get it fixed . 
  install the one true orange leader ban bad american cheese , make all the cheese gouda again place one of these little [ pipe organs ] ( http://www.draaiorgelcentrale.nl/wp-content/uploads/draaiorgel-de-kleine-radio.jpg ) in every single mall in the us set up my folding chairs in a nice semicircle on the lawn in front of the white house \\  * gezellig *, 
  [ pastoral ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pastoral ) is a genre of art that depicts people in idyllic pastoral settings . 
  there 's usually a lot of green rolling hills , sheepherders and pretty village girls . 
  camp is just slang for cliche art . 
  so it 's pastoral camp ? 
  club is a big word , but my highschool had a small group ( say 10 people of different classes and years ) that would meet during lunchtimes , organized by a teacher . 
  the sole prerequisite was that you had to be religious . 
  since i went to a public school where 99 % of people were n't religious , they had that one lunch meeting that was for that . 
  i assume they talked about life as a religious teenager in the 21th century or something , idk . 
  i was n't invited . 
  i am disappoint by lack of [ numa numa ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrx5praludy ), 
  eh , i do n't care much for him . 
  i think he 's turning out to be exactly as inexperienced as people predicted before the election . 
  i do n't think he 's going to cause the apocalypse . 
  he 's just one guy , there 's a bunch of other people around him that should be able to keep the carnage to a minimum . 
  as far as internal american politics goes , i 'll reserve judgement . 
  i do n't live in the us so it does n't affect me in the slightest . 
  when there 's internal stuff going on in my country it kind of annoys me when people living outside it try to convince me of their opinion . 
  i think when it literally does n't concern you , you should remain an impartial third party . 
  i usually avoid dutch in multiplayer games because they tend to circlejerk together and all start speaking dutch with eachother . 
  i like multiplayer games because it lets me play with people from all over the world , speak english pls . 
  germans hardly ever do this . 
  they all speak english and even if they find other germans they 'll usually just acknowledge it and move on . 
  germans are also for some reason most likely to have a microphone to communicate , after brits that is . 
  the french are conspicuously absent from multiplayer games i play . 
  either they all speak english or they just play other games i guess . 
  brits are everywhere . 
  probably because i stick to english speaking servers , crazy how that works out . 
  most likely to have use voicecom and usually pleasant enough . 
  swedes i also see a lot . 
  going by the number of them i meet online you 'd think sweden has like 100 million inhabitants . 
  but no , sweden has 10 million , and apparently they 're all online all the time . 
  seriously , their nursing homes must be filled with grannies playing games 24/7 because how the hell else can there be so many of them online . 
  americans i like a lot . 
  they all speak english ( surprise ) and because they can always play with other english speakers they seem to literally all have mikes and make liberal use of them . 
  i like going to american servers for my gaming later in the day ( when they start getting online ) . 
  even if i get a crappy ping i find the atmosphere to usually be much livelier than european servers . 
  over here i guess more people assume communication will be difficult so i guess they do n't even try . 
  sometimes it feels just like playing a singleplayer game vs bots . 
  there is a freemason insignia on the wall of a house i regularly walk past . 
  sometimes i wonder if there 's any saucy secretive stuff \u00e1 la da vinci code going in there . 
  i went through highschool with a giant red and golden hammer & sickle medal just like that strapped to my backpack . 
  i was a huge red alert 2 fan and found this rad imitation medal in some thrift store . 
  add some creative felt pen work and i was basically a walking modernist soviet style propaganda poster . 
  noone batted an eye though . 
  i also had this tourist backpack i picked up in china with a giant face of mao . 
  and i have this lighter that 's shaped like mao 's red book . 
  you light it by turning the little cover , it 's a nice party gag . 
  but in all fairness , i only really picked those up because i 'm half chinese and my family got a good laugh out of it . 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  i think the entire raison d'\u00eatre of the us is `` we 're specifically * not * europe '' . 
  for almost 200 years now they 've actively worked to not be like the old colonial powers . 
  even though they had a lot of european immigrants , they always went there hoping for something new and away from the famines , disease and perpetual wars at home . 
  200 years is a long time , and during that time they took a different route than we did . 
  the most important parts of their history are almost completely seperate from ours . 
  they are as a nation informed by different things than most of us are . 
  so no , i would not consider the us to be like an old european power at all . 
  at this point probably [ joran van der sloot ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joran_van_der_sloot ) . 
  he is suspected of having murdered an american girl in aruba , but her body was never found . 
  he murdered another girl in peru and this time he was caught . 
  currently doing 30 years in a peruvian prison . 
  does mean girls count ? 
  deep fried deliciousness . 
  trust me : whether you and your friends are getting shit-faced in a bar or at home watching a game , no other party snack even comes close . 
  i 've always been told americans like deep fried food , so i 'm surprised no one has tried this before . 
  you 'd make a killing .
