  my maternal grandfather was in indonesia during the japanese occupation , but he died when my mother was 7 . 
  so we do n't really know much of what happened to him . 
  my paternal grandparents were roughly 14 years old when the germans invaded . 
  neither of them ever really talked about the war on their own initiative . 
  my grandfather has told me one or two stories about how he and other kids would climb into the church belltower to watch the planes flying over . 
  we also know he did some small courier stuff . 
  he said he did it under the guise of having a regular paper route . 
  i guess he smuggled foodstamps for people in hiding , maybe an underground newspaper , stuff like that . 
  we know one of his friends was shot when he got caught doing the same thing , and we know there 's at least 1 spot in the local woods where some stolen german equipment is likely still buried . 
  other than that , they 've never spoken a word about their personal experience during the war . 
  one of three main american subtypes : the californian surfer dude/hippie . 
  the other 2 are ny schmuck and southern countryboy . 
  i do n't have anyone i consider my mp , i do n't even have a particular party i consider mine . 
  a quick search led me to [ this ] ( https://www.tweedekamer.nl/zo_werkt_de_kamer/uw_mening_telt/contact_opnemen_met_leden_van_de_tweede_kamer ) page where you can contact representatives . 
  who i would write would depend on what kind of issue i was raising . 
  if i wanted to talk about some kind of local pollution problem , it would make sense to write the green party . 
  like that . 
  all the eu are my bros really , before any other county outside the eu . 
  best bros are belgium and luxembourg ( parts dutch , members of benelux ) , and germany . 
  post-war germany and the netherlands agree on pretty much all political issues i can think of . 
  outside , probably canada and australia . 
  both fought for our freedom during wwii . 
  canada liberated large parts of the country after a terrible famine . 
  australians were threatened , like the dutch east-indies , by imperial japan . 
  both countries became prime destinations for people leaving the netherlands after the war to built new lives . 
  i am not familiar with most of these but ... ede ? 
  let me join you , brother . 
  but , but ... he speaks flemish !, 
  so relatable . 
  there 's a [ park ] ( https://www.archeon.nl/en/the-park.html ) near where i grew up with historical reenactments of prehistoric , roman , and medieval life . 
  where i live now is close-by to where market garden took place . 
  each year there 's an exhibition with actors in period gear explaining stuff , and usually also a [ parachute drop ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpzp8jg2tfc ) . 
  - i do n't doubt their spirit or intentions ... - i know one guy though university who attended on an army scholarship . 
  and one of my friends in highschool joined the navy after graduation , but i have n't kept up with him . 
  - the armed forces are notoriously underfunded . 
  they were underfunded 20 years ago , and it 's been nothing but budget cuts since . 
  - yes , but i do n't think it would make much of a difference . 
  the dutch army is too small to fight a modern enemy, 
  brutally honest , just the way i like it, 
  depends on what you 're looking for . 
  if you 're interested in classic literature you could go for something by harry mulisch . 
  [ de aanslag ( the assault ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_assault ) is , for my money , his best work . 
  [ de ontdekking van de hemel ) ( the discovery of heaven ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_discovery_of_heaven ) is what most consider to be a better book . 
  it also was the basis for an english language film starring stephen fry , so if you ca n't find the book maybe you can watch that instead . 
  with the colonial past , there is also a lot of dutch-indonesian literature . 
  [ adriaan van dis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adriaan_van_dis ) - indische duinen ( my father 's war * lit . 
  indian dunes * ) is probably the best in that category . 
  you 'll probably already know anne frank 's diary of a young girl , if you have n't read it yet perhaps you can try a dutch language version . 
  memes about lame election campaigns : \u2612 heel normaal \u2610 niet normaal, 
  i went to indonesia a few years back for a family reunion , and there were some old ladies there that spoke better articulated dutch than i do . 
  that was pretty neat . 
  yes , but only algeria , tunisia , and libya . 
  i do n't have any rationale for it , it 's just what i think of . 
  sorry morocco , egypt , and middle east . 
  [ spetter , pieter , pater ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ukqvloxgo4 ), 
  i think one of the biggest problems american sports have in getting a foothold in europe is timezone difference . 
  the matches are at like 2 in the morning for us , i do n't think there are any tv networks very interested in paying the licensing fees for something most people wo n't watch anyway . 
  recreationally they do much better . 
  basketball seems to be a crowd favorite in high school . 
  baseball too is fun to play when you 've got an entire class of people , mainly because a lot of it involves chilling while waiting for your turn . 
  on a nice day , you might find a couple of people throwing a football around in the park . 
  the rarest is icehockey : you need a dedicated rink and a lot of gear , too much of an investment . 
  what ? 
  they definitely should n't be antagonizing trump just for the sake of it . 
  donald trump is still a democratically elected leader . 
  it is not up to us to decide who the us should vote for . 
  we can only make clear what we think is important , and then do our best to cooperate with whoever they choose . 
  the eu flag itself . 
  the blue is nice , and the stars ? 
  i have admit it : the us was onto something there . 
  you got ta have stars on your flag . 
  as for non-eu flags ... 
  i guess hong kong ? 
  apparently i 'm just a sucker for radial symmetry . 
  i think the term you 're looking for is `` pretender '', 
  / r/cirkeltrek is all dutch-language . 
  so yes , everything gets translated . 
  most importantly , an upvote is een opwillem , posts are palen , and threads draden . 
  why not canada ? 
  well tennis is obviously just djokovic being insanely good . 
  basketball and volleyball are both sports i 'd associate with extremely tall people . 
  i guess i just never thought of serbs as being particularly tall . 
  lmao that has to be the greatest google search term in history, 
  leiden ? 
  hmm yeah the clogs , windmills and tulips i guess ... those are a bit touristy . 
  but it 's not a negative stereotype so , again : i 'll take it . 
  everyone loves a nice dutch lady ( mmm doutzen kroes ) i totally pedal my custom old looking bike everywhere i go . 
  i have several orange shirts for sporting events . 
  and if i 'm given the chance in my videogame , i 'll totally rock an orange outfit . 
  it 's objectively the best color . 
  i only use reddit , and not a dutch-language alternative . 
  guess i 'm just a walking stereotype . 
  but i like it . 
  where would one apply for it ? 
  hang out in a city park . 
  there 's a nice little one next to the old moat , about 50 meters from where i live . 
  so my beer stays nice and cold in the fridge , 
  hey , on the bright side : turns out you 're surprisingly good at basketball and tennis !, 
  call it a draw . 
  oh and the women 's volleyball team was nice to watch as well,
