please stop trying to put your stuff over the border . 
  by the time i added 3 or 4 pixels it was pretty much over . 
  i 've been trying just to keep the border alive , once more people come online you can rebuild inward . 
  to the top with you . 
  here 's to hoping that with this , and 1.2 million subscribers , we can somehow manage a non-abominable version of the flag . 
  oh god , last night when i went to bed the black tentacles were just a tiny patch . 
  it kinda looked funny and was n't red , green , or blue . 
  so i helped expand it a little . 
  i come back and the darkness has crossed the transband and infested the eu . 
  what have i done !? 
  \\ #regret, 
  very large country , very few competing infrastructure companies . 
  companies settle into a cartel-like structure where no-one has to compete with anyone . 
  companies do n't give a shit about costumer satisfaction because [ what are they going to do ] ( http://southparkstudios.mtvnimages.com/images/shows/south-park/clip-thumbnails/season-17/1702/south-park-s17e02c05-the-cable-company-runaround-16x9.jpg ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i love the erasmus program . 
  this video still kinda made me want to hurl though . 
  mogherini has an obama hope poster framed on her wall ? 
  for real , guys ? 
  hey , right back atcha guy ( \u261e \uff9f\u30ee\uff9f ) \u261e now lets stop talking and instead have buttsex in an austrian keller . 
  [ bulges , you say ? 
  ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/81/ef/bb/81efbbd973c9aa50092730bc557bc68c.jpg ), 
  1 year ago today, 
  you did n't watch buffy , did you ? 
  but johan cruyff , the most famous and one of the most skilled soccer players in dutch history died today . 
  only about an hour till lunch and then my weekend starts http://i.imgur.com/dbj7mjl.jpg, 
  you say that , but i have the afternoon off and the weather is nice . 
  soooo ... yeah . 
  i 'm totally getting high . 
   most of the eu thinks turkey can be integrated literally no-one does, 
  meh , just yesterday evening i tugged an asteroid into lko and tonight i 'm totally building a mining station/dock around it . 
  esa needs to step its game up . 
  not to mention , there 's a dutch royal in there . 
  but it 's william iii , that one guy who fucked off to england , and not william of orange . 
  * [ cries orange tears ] *, 
  no thank you . 
  direct presidential elections means more pressure on candidates to pander to emotions , and we 'll end up with shitshow popularity contests . 
  i 'd much rather have someone who 's elected by the representatives themselves , because they 're the ones who 'll have to work with him/her on a daily basis . 
  i do n't need more elections promising me godlike healthcare , rainbows , unicorns and pie in the sky . 
  it 's not ruled out but both sides have said that such a construction would be very hard to achieve at best . 
  one thing though is that d66 largely shares its social and environmental views with gl . 
  and with them being basically indispensable for a new government they might still try to get concessions out of vvd and cda . 
  well i guess you 're in luck then : dijsselbloem is a member of labour , who got crushed . 
  so help me god , if i see one more person putting pineapple on his pizza my inner nazi is going to snap and i 'm gon na have to start genociding . 
  folded it over pretending it was because the bin was full and this way it was easier to stuff in there . 
  little did they know it was all an elaborate ruse and i was actually hiding the fact that i 'd failed in properly refolding it . 
  university students probably make up the majority of d66s votes . 
  hell , pechtold lives here . 
  honestly , i would have been surprised if it did n't vote d66, 
  nothing so drastic . 
  it will remain tolerated for private use . 
  there have been some municipalities close to the borders that have cracked down on people coming across to buy it . 
  that has little to do with national politics though . 
  and for the most part , those restrictive measures in border towns are considered failures . 
   rotterdam does not sound like a very nice place to live welcome to literally every joke about rotterdam ever, 
  nope , pvv is more likely, 
  basically he said tomorrow morning he 'll be at his party hq asap to work on a new government . 
  now imagine he said it in the most stereotypical frat-boy accent imaginable . 
  traditionally , yes . 
  but the greens and jesse klaver in particular seem to have really won the young urban vote . 
  with the high turnout it 'll be interesting to see if he got all those new voters . 
   i do n't know why people would be complaining . 
  sounds like you still need to learn a thing or two about dutch culture :p, 
  vvd , cda , d66 is a supertraditional government coalition . 
  they 've worked together in government several times before . 
  vvd , cda , d66 is a supertraditional government coalition . 
  they 've worked together in government several times before . 
  this is what i 'm happiest about . 
  after years of sliding voter numbers and the appalling 32 % turnout for the ukra\u00efne referendum , it 's nice to see people are invested . 
  nah , vvd is by far the biggest so you 'll need them to get any sort of workable government . 
  ideologically i 'd put cda and d66 between vvd and pvda , so basically no real net shift . 
  although it seems unlikely pvda will be in the government , several other left wing parties have eclipsed them . 
  my money is on gl or cu . 
  not much i think . 
  the most obvious government right now looks like a center-moderate right coalition , which is basically the definition of vvd . 
  i actually had to wait in line behind like ... 3 people . 
  the turnout was insane !, 
  pretty sure you 're talking about kunduz . 
  uruzgan was the earlier combat mission under balkenende . 
  it 's not there for bacon and beans !, 
  with 28 parties to choose from , you 'd think it would be easy . 
  but even after tonights debate , i maintain my view that i literally do n't want to vote for any of the parties mentioned here . 
  after 8 years i 've had enough of rutte promising one thing and doing the opposite pvda : see previous . 
  pvv , sp : anti-eu . 
  disqualified . 
  sorry , i do n't like religions in my government . 
  d66 : never for governance . 
  pechtold can wax poetic about democracy and tolerance all he wants , i remember when they had a seat in government . 
  several times . 
  they were useless . 
  so that excludes every party that has a shot at getting in the government . 
  what do i do ? 
  the tyranny of choice . 
  i do n't know what to tell you . 
  literally the top 12 parties i have some fundamental reason for why i do n't want to vote for them . 
  that leaves me with minor parties . 
  the problem with them is that they 're usually one-issue and i do n't always care about the particular issue du jour . 
  pirate party still with the possibility of getting a seat huh , been thinking about voting for them . 
  to be honest i 'm pretty disappointed with all major parties this year . 
  i have never seen a more uninspiring lineup in my life . 
  there 's one final debate tonight , if none of the candidates manage to impress i 'm totally voting ancilla,
