  ic is slower than the high speed trains ( duh ) , for instance amsterdam - brussels will take about 3 hours instead of 2 . 
  but that does n't seem that big a deal when you 've got an entire month . 
  they are much cheaper and do n't require you to book in advance , you can just show up at the station and buy a ticket . 
  all you 'll need to do is look up the train schedule online beforehand , for instance here is the schedule for [ amsterdam - brussels ] ( https://www.nsinternational.nl/en/trains/intercity-brussels ) . 
  not a fan of twilight i see, 
  bella ? 
  any other name ending in - bella ? 
  open game `` find tennessee '' click 10 different states close window, 
  i would not be so complacent about aging population . 
  look at japan to get a nice taster for what it 's like . 
  we are already struggling with rising healthcare and pension costs , and they will only get worse . 
  people get older , need more and longer care and there will be fewer of us of working age to support all of it . 
  and it 's not just the babyboomers , none of us are having enough babies . 
  there is also `` spaans benauwd '' ( spanish anxiety ) , meaning to be incredibly worried or stressed about something . 
  a lot of british detective series have been aired on public broadcast . 
  i know i 've seen luther , broadchurch , a touch of frost , death in paradise , the list goes on and on . 
  also falco , kommissar rex , and tatort . 
  i guess we really like detective series . 
  it 's still not taken seriously enough , but there is hope . 
  perhaps you 're familiar with the suicide of amanda todd , a canadian teenager who committed suicide after being blackmailed over some nude pictures . 
  the perpetrator was recently convicted for his online harassment of dozens of other girls/women , and faces extradition to canada to stand trial in her case . 
  it 's still a grey area , but so much of our lives depend on the internet now that i think it 's good that boundaries are being set . 
  we have a senate ( first chamber ) and house of representatives ( second chamber ) . 
  the house of representatives is the one we directly elect and they can initiate and formulate new legislation . 
  the upper house is the senate , its members are elected by the regional governments . 
  any legislation that passes the house of representatives is brought before them and they have to either affirm or reject it , they can not alter the proposal in any way . 
  they have far less power , it 's mainly there as a check on the national government . 
  since it 's members are indirectly elected through local governments , the makeup is usually different than the house of representatives . 
  this means even if there would be some kind of political upset and suddenly someone like geert wilders has a single majority ; he 'd still need their assent to pass any new legisation . 
  checks and balances . 
  it 's a good thing . 
  i have gotten one or two weird jokes when i was a kid , nothing i ever felt went beyong the regular kids being kids . 
  other than that i do n't think anybody even realizes unless i give them my full name . 
  yonkers for me as well , only i also got a noticable red spot on the coast in north carolina . 
  and a large yellow/red area in west virginia and what i want to say are mississippi , louisiana and georgia . 
  like ... are n't those super stereotypical southern accent states ? 
  why on earth is my accent like theirs ? 
  so confused . 
  also hawaii for some reason . 
  british , french , italian , spanish , german , swedish , you name it ; they 've all got masterworks , i could spend hours talking about it . 
  coming from the netherlands in a way it 's kind of nice to be from such a small cinema country , there is n't enough dutch stuff to fill my quota . 
  watching foreign language entertainment is second nature , who cares if i have to read subtitles . 
  i 'd much rather make do than miss out on some great works . 
  tu es hypocrite !, 
  their food is great , the women are pretty , and they have an amazing 2000 year history . 
  unfortunately all of it is ruined for me by their oppressive government of belligerent religious asshats . 
  downfall . 
  and , maybe not a movie , but i liked [ unsere m\u00fctter , unsere v\u00e4ter ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1883092/ ) . 
  a miniseries set during wwii . 
  seems like you 're interested in historical dramas so maybe give that a try . 
  also , [ deutschland 83 ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt4445154/?ref_=nv_sr_1 ) is supposed to be pretty good , but i have n't seen that myself so i ca n't confirm . 
  anywhere in new england i think . 
  i do n't know why but for some reason that area feels the most like home . 
  maine , vermont , connecticut , somewhere like that . 
  i 'd also really like to visit the gulf of mexico : louisiana , mississippi , and florida . 
  but i do n't think i would want to live there , the climate would n't agree with me . 
  ofcourse . 
  but - they should get the same terms every other candidate nation gets . 
  no rebates , no opt-outs . 
  either they commit to joining or not . 
  uhm . 
  that 's a little hard to say since the cable connection comes standard with my apartment , i did n't sign a seperate contract for it . 
  if i were to buy a private cable subscription i guess it would be something like 15 to 20 euros . 
  bbc 1 and 2 and the news segment from bbc london for some reason . 
  as far as i know it 's part of pretty much every basic cable subscription . 
  i do n't regularly watch it , although i must admit saturday kitchen live is kind of great . 
  also planet earth 2 . 
  i do n't really care about the killing as long as i get to fuck and marry estonia, 
  bro , what are you talking about . 
  \u00c9\u00e9n , canvas en ketnet are part of the dutch television lineup . 
  i 'm not sure about them but i 'd assume they get some dutch broadcasters as well . 
  [ also this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bvn ) , as a technicality . 
  i live about 50 meters from the church square with my window facing the church , so yeah . 
  does n't bother me . 
  i grew up living 100 meters away from a railroad so i 'm not that light a sleeper . 
  nike, 
  * doekoe * is a fun one , it comes from suriname . 
  afaik it literally just means money . 
  not ... great . 
  they used to be viewed as more secular than other middle easteners and arabs , but the last few years with erdogan have pretty much undone that . 
  a lot of success with the kebabs though . 
  i 'm pretty sure every village in the country has a turkish snackbar edit : though of a more fun stereotype : they way they celebrate football . 
  it seems whenever the turkish national team wins an important match they move their entire party into the smallest car they can find . 
  then they just drive around honking and hanging out the window waving the turkish flag . 
  meat or cheese , whatever takes my fancy when i 'm at the store . 
  it just ca n't be sweet , i do n't like sweet stuff on my bread . 
  [ nos ] ( http://nos.nl/ ) is the dutch public news organization , comparable to the bbc . 
  [ rtl news ] ( https://www.rtlnieuws.nl/ ) is its commercial counterpart . 
  for [ newspapers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_newspapers_in_the_netherlands ) , all have good enough reputations . 
  although the telegraaf ( and by extend metro ) have the image of being tabloidy , the paper equivalent of clickbait if you will . 
  over here they 're called something like chocolate-kiss on the box nowadays . 
  i imagine in a few years nobody will ever need to say it anymore , lest they sound like they 're from the 50s . 
  hell , imagine in like 40 or 50 years , we 'll be your senile old racist grandparents . 
  at christmas dinner we 'll suddenly have a moment of clarity and cry out when we see that treat we always had when we were kids : * negerzoenen !, 
  * our children and grandchildren will be horrified . 
  and later they 'll chuckle among themselves how we 're from a `` different time '' . 
  seeing as i 'm from leiden born and raised , i 'm also 100 % biased but definitely leiden . 
  first of all the university is very well respected in it 's fields ( although i imagine helsinki will be no slouch either ) . 
  leiden consistently ranks as one of the best universities worldwide and has weight behind it 's name , you could do a lot worse on your r\u00e9sum\u00e9 . 
  second , and this is probably less important and more personal taste .
